Nov 14 2009 	Not impressed	Thought we would try this hotel for a change as it's a well known chain.For £120 per night the desk staff could be a bit more welcoming, not to mention how slow they were at checking us in.Rooms were clean, but had those horrible shower gel and hand soap dispensers stuck on the walls.Went to the restaurant for dinner before the theatre only to be told it was closed because of a west indian wedding they had that evening. Would have been nice if we were told this when we checked in and we could have ate when we were in town in the afternoon, but luckily the Union Tavern pub across the road did an excellent meal, with great service!.Won't be staying at the Holiday Inn again, and weve booked into the Novotel for March 2010 because they have excellent reviews!.	
Nov 11 2009 	A great weekend break	A great hotel near the centre of London. We took the train from Edinburgh to Kings Cross (don't think we'll be doing that again, but that’s not for this review!) and found it to be only a 10 to 15 minute walk from the station. A friendly London policeman helped us with the final directions!The reception staff were nice and friendly and welcomed us with a smile, which was nice. Room was on the 7th floor, which again was nice as so often large hotels shove people on the first or second floors and keep the top floors for grumpy solo/business travellers, so we had a great view of the morning and evening London skyline. The rooms were clean and tidy, the bathroom was too. Having read reviews on the &quot;state of the rooms&quot; and &quot;state of the shower&quot; you can go in with a predisposition that is unfair. What you have to remember folks is that over the course of a year you could have 3 or 4 hundred people staying in your room before you, so expect to have a small scuff on the skirting board, a faded corner on the duvet cover, a bit of soap stain round the taps or faded tile grout in the shower, that is real life. Is your own house or flat free from such imperfections?, think hard.The room was nice, cosy and quiet with very little road noise from the streets below, the windows were very sound proof which was a refreshing change to some hotels I've stayed at in big cities when all day and all night long you are disturbed by vehicles and sirens. Kings Cross at Farringdon Road may just be the sleepy hollow of London!Plenty of pubs nearby, and some convenient shops to use in an emergency for a bottle of water and a packet of nuts!The hotel bar was small but quiet. The barman was nice and friendly, and was happy to serve, well worth tipping. Comfy couches and tall bar stools, and a widescreen TV with Sky TV ... perfect! A great selection of wines, spirits and beers.Breakfast was busy, the hotel was packed, but we were up early enough to avoid the queues. A great selection of hot food if you were having the full English, nice Continental too. Remember, get there before 9am to avoid the queues.Kings Cross station, only 10 or 15 minutes walk, provided a fast link to the city centre on the Piccadilly line, although was very busy, but our trips into Covent Garden and Chinatown required no change of tube line. Had previously stayed at the Guoman Tower of London, which found us hopping on and off tubes trains to get to different lines. Chinatown was fantastic, with a visit to Young Chengs on Lisle Street off Leicester Square is recommended. Remember folks, the key to a good Chinese restaurant is to look in the window and see just how many Chinese people or eating there, because the Chinese do not eat rubbish. The staff were great, the food was excellent, the beef just melted in the mouth! ... lovely! Finish it off with a pint in the Garrick Arms round the corner on Charring Cross Road.	
Nov 8 2009 	Tired Hotel	This hotel is conveniently located, but that's about the best to be said for it. The poor experience started off in reception, where the one person on duty able to check me in expected me to wait while she finished entering some admin stuff into her computer. The bedroom is decorated in dull shades of brown, creating a very gloomy atmosphere. The decor doesn't appear to have been updated for some time, although at least the bedding has been updated tro include duvets. The bathroom too is sadly in need of redecoration and the thin, tiny towels a joke.There is a gym, it costs £3.50 per day.If you can get a very cheap rate, it might just be worthwhile, but at £111 per night (including business discount), you can do better in London.	
Oct 30 2009 	STAY ANYWHERE-as long as its not this hotel!	This was one of the worst HI we've stayed in for a long time.! Parking was difficult and a hassle with car eventually left 10 mins walk away in a multi-storey. Reception staff were cold and unhelpful and that went for the concierge as well! And then there were the rooms which looked as if thousands of people had lived in them before us! The room was dark, old fashioned and small for a 'double-double' with a bathroom that looked 'tatty'.Judging by the number of people that were in the lobby,this was a hotel frequented by families that needed accomodation with a 'double-double' room and were not frequent hotel stayers so were unable to compare the standard of accomodation and service. For tourists and out of towners it does not leave a good impression on the UK hotel industry in general. To say that the standard was poor becuase this was a hotel in london is no longer acceptable and even a good premier/travelodge would now have a better standard than this. The fact that it is a 4 star just makes a mockery of the 'starring' system. We were glad to check out and thats not good for people who love to stay in hotels!	
Oct 27 2009 	Not a bad hotel - shame about reception staff	Location-good for kings cross and russell square tube stations (15 min walk), breakfast -ok after queuing, room ok, except for quality of pull out bed which was in dire need of a new mattress! Children could not sleep on it! Reception and restaurant staff unhelpful and surly - could do with training in customer care. Would not visit this hotel again. Not a 4 star hotel.	
Oct 16 2009 	Fits the need for a Weekend Holiday	We stayed for four days in the kings cross, chose the hotel due to its location near kings cross / st. pancras station.overall: clean, the rooms are ok but not overwhelming, windows cannot be opened, the aircondition is rather old as is the whole hotel.don't expect too much service, you come in get what you're asking for, not more, not less.the only point worth critizing is the breakfast: for a 4-star hotel it is absolutely substandard, continental breakfast consists of coffee, bread, few marmelades, toast, that's it.seating can get a problem if the hotel is full - queuing in the morning in order to get a table is unacceptable!location: 5-6min. walk to st.pancras/kings cross, near british museum, lots of pubs and restaurants in the near vincinity, nice surroundings.if you like a tidy room in a centrally located hotel where price/offering is ok it's the hotel of choice - i don't think its a 4-star hotel but as the price is more that of a 3-star it's ok.	
Oct 14 2009 	Loved this hotel!	Was well impressed with this hotel. Although I have stayed in Holiday Inn express hotels recently i haven't een in an actual Holiday Inn for a number of years. It had all the facilities I wanted, the staff were very helpful and I got a great price by not booking direct. We did the walk to and from the tube station every day, not knowing about a bus, but hey, it didn't do us any harm! Leisure facilities looked lovely though didn't get a chance to use them. Continental breakfast was adequate and it was served separately from the English breakfast. Hope to revisit this hotel sometime!	
Oct 10 2009 	not a 4 star hotel	we stayed 4 nights at the holiday inn king cross, we found by ourselves that their is a direct bus from the hotel to the king cross tube, bus no 63. that was after 2 days we had to walk to the tube. the staff were not very polite or helpful. they have 2 kind of breakfast, English or continental, but they serve it together, we had continental breakfast, witch was ok, but they told us that we can't eat from some trays because we have continental breakfast and those trays were only for the guest who had English breakfast such as eggs and sausages. we didn't actually mind but I think they should separate the guest to different breakfast room, it is not polite to tell the guest you can't eat from this this and this. any way I asked what will be the diff to the English breakfast and they said 7 GBP per person. the rooms are not so clean, the bad cover supposed to be black and white but actually it's black and yellow!!! didn't look very clean.their is not much to do around the hotel, the pull and the gym are all new and very good, also the pull staff are very helpful and nice. they have 1 computer, they charge 5 GBP for 30 min internet use, which you have to pay by credit card. infront of the hotel was an internet cafe, they charged 1 GBP for half an hour, we paid cash. they have an information desk, but they are not very helpful.1 morning we had to wait 20 minutes to enter the breakfast room, one &quot;lady&quot; from the staff told us, after we said that we are not used to wait so long to enter to the breakfast room, she said &quot;maybe you are in the wrong hotel and wrong country&quot; I do think she was right about the hotel !!!!	
Sep 30 2009 	A great hotel with all the amenities necessary for a special visit to the capital.	My wife and I have started spending a few days in London each Autumn; The weather is often more pleasant in late September/October. Our hotel this year was the holiday Inn, Kings Cross/Bloomsbury. We found it exceptional. The staff at the reception welcomed us with convincing smiles, and we found the same friendliness from all the hotel workers. Our room was clean and more than comfortable, and had an unbeatable view of the London skyline. The location of the hotel was a bonus for us. We had the opportunity to see gardens, art deco buildings, bookshops and affordable restaurants not on most agendas, while still in walkable distance of the main 'attractions' For a four star hotel in the centre of the capital, we found the Tariff reasonable.(There are small hotels in the immediate area, far less salubrious and with few amenities charging similar rates) We would heartily recommend This hotel without reservation (sic)	
Sep 24 2009 	NICE	We stayed here only one night but we found the hotel, our room were nice. The bathroom looked a little old but was very clean. Comfortable beds. Hotel staff was very kind. Very quiet. Price room very expensive as usual in London.	
Aug 18 2009 	OK Hotel but a bit far from the Tube	The hotel is a standard Holiday Inn with decent rooms a and a good breakfast. The walk from the nearest tube station (Farringdon) is about 10-15 min which is a bit of a trawl when you have suitcases in tow.The room was OK but the bathroom could have done with a bit of spruce up as some signs of damp where showing around the bath. The staff where friendly and polite and check-in/out where quick and efficient.The breakfast room is OK but is a bit chaotic and the area where the food is collect from (buffett style) is a bit cramped but the food the was tasty and hot.	
Aug 17 2009 	Good hotel..	My husband and I along with our 2 kids aged 12 &amp; 9 years spent 3 nights here last week.We got off the train at Kings Cross and got a taxi to the Hotel. It cost about £7..When we arrived we were shown to our room which was quite small with just a sofa bed for the 2 kids..We asked at reception for a bigger room with bed for the kids and the next day we were given a room with 2 double beds with no extra charge. Staff were extremely helpful at all times and the place was spotless. The pool was not open but we were gone from the hotel every morning at 10 until 10 at night. We did get the bus to the station a few times to save the taxi fare as kids would not have been able to walk it, the weather was quite humid and tiring at the time..We only ate there one night and did so at the Indian restaurant which was nice and reasonably priced..We had breakfast twice in the Euro Cafe across the road and it was nice and usually cost about £14..	
Aug 17 2009 	Near to Everything	Stayed in hotel from Thursday to Monday. Room was clean and air conditioned, bathroom was clean. Easy access to underground and bus stations. Great pubs in the area with friendly environment. Would stay again.	
Aug 15 2009 	good clean hotel reasonably priced friendly staff near kings cross.	My two teenage daughters and myself were pleasantly surprised at the high standards in this hotel. We stayed for 3 nights in August 2009 in order to see the sights etc. and found the hotel fairly well placed, being a 10-12 min. walk from Kings Cross and St.Pancras stations.  Breakfast choice was always the same but well presented and plentiful. We had a double room with a double bed and a double sofa bed. The sofa bed was really uncomfortable and we upgraded to a room with two double beds which was spacious and comfortable.The bathroom was big and clean (as was the whole hotel) and the power shower, excellent. We would stay there again.	
Aug 8 2009 	Nothing special	This hotel is basic, reasonable value for money but nothing to write home about. Room was very cramped for four of us. The furniture in the dining room has seen better days and the lifts were inadequate to cope with demand. On the up side all of the staff were helpful and friendly and our requests for more pillows was meet very quickly. O.K. as a base but not comfortable and would not book again.	
Aug 2 2009 	Does what it says on the tin	There was lots of postive points about this hotel with few downsides. If travelling from Kings Cross, other than the obvious choice of a taxi, the 63 bus is a safe bet. Running at about every 10 minutes and at only £2.00 an adult (Children ride free) the bus is only a 5 minute drive and stops around 100m away from the hotel. We found the check-in / check-out easy and staff friendly, polite and approachable. If you're planning days out and hope to travel by tube I'd recommend getting a day pass in advance as ques on a Saturday were extremely long. Rather than taking the underground from Kings Cross we found it much simpler and easier to travel from Russell Street Station which is only about a 15 minute walk from the hotel. If, like us, you have plans for a friday night out in London be aware that on the last friday of each month a 'mob' of cyclists who bike around the centre of town slow down traffic drastically. If you decide to go for just the continental breakfast make sure you're downstairs in plenty of time as the line for it is pretty long. However, ques for the full english breakfasts are much shorter and quicker to be seated, also very nice!A few negative points were;The room service and hotel evening meals were expensive so I'd recommend eating out at one of the local sandwich bars, pizza places etcThe shop in the reception was pricey too So overall i would say that the hotel was pleasant and I would stay there again	
Jul 18 2009 	funny smell	i stayed here for 3 nights and everytime we left the hotel, there was a funny smell. It was a mix of poo and asian food... not exactly pleasanthad to pay extra for english breakfast, so we just shared the same ticket and only went once, the other days we went somewhere else.it wasnt very clean and the bathroom in my room was not cleaned one day, the wet towels were even left, and when i phoned reception i was hung up on.	
Jul 14 2009 	2nd favourite hotel i've stayed in London	I booked this hotel at the last minute and was lucky to get a room with two double beds for £80pn, fantastic!! Though I am aware the usual price for this room would be around £200.The hotel is situated about 10 minutes walk from Kings Cross station, and located in a reasonably nice area, with a couple of restaurants and newsagents within a few minutes walk.The reception area is charming and welcoming, and the room was one of the best I have found in Central London. Large, spacious, comfortable and with all amenities needed for a short stay. However I was shocked at the prices for room service meals, £18 for a burger is slightly out of my price range! My colleague and I both had a good nights sleep with no disturbance from outside noise or other guests.The only minor fault is the staircase, it was smelly and not somewhere I would stand for very long. It really didn't fit in with the rest of the hotel.At check in and check out, the staff appeared friendly and helpful.We didn't stay for breakfast but from what I saw in passing it seemed like there was plenty on offer.	
Jul 12 2009 	Clean comfortable adequate and air conditioned	Stayed for 6 days with my wife and teenage daughter. We had a room with a pull-out couch, which gave us enough space when it was put in. The non-smoking room was clean, bathroom was large enough, and it was quiet. We got whatever we requested from the staff. Didn't eat in the hotel, but there is a a nice little cafe across the street, as well as a pub with very good food. Up the street 5 minutes is Exmouth Market which has pubs, restaurants, bakeries, a grocery, and a Starbucks. It is a 15 minute walk to Russll Square Underground, and 15 minutes to Kings Cross/St. Pancras stations. Russell Square is a nice area close to the British Museum. The Holiday Inn wifi was absurdly priced at 18 pounds per day. But I got a free open signal from a nearby hotel, and sitting in front of Starbucks in Exmouth I was able to get 2 open signals.	
Jun 28 2009 	bad bad bad	I have lived two nite here- very far from Underground- The Hotel Manager always argued with Customer (but most of the other staff are helpful)- very Bad Breakfast and Service- You need to request a non smoking room, otherwise a smoking room is provided by default- The rate was really high for this hotel's location (Even Two Nearby Travelodge' location are better than this hotel's location)	
Jun 17 2009 	Solid Tourist Choice--with some limitations	My partner and I and our son stayed at this property for 5 nights last week whilst visiting relatives in London. This is our third time (at least) staying at this property so I feel comfortable evaluating it. Its a solid tourist choice. Like many tourist hotels, its value is a function of the price. If your rate is under 100 pounds a night, I would say it's a fair value. The lower the price the better the value. The hotel has amenties beyond a budget property but just enough to get it into a higher star rating. Yes there is a health club (currently closed for renovations) that presumably will be nice when finished. The rest of the property has not been touched in the 10 years we have stayed there from time to time. Bed furnishings, carpeting, wallpaper all need to be replaced. Bathrooms starting to show mildew stains in grout. None of this is excessive--rather it's simply noticeable that it's time for redo. Yes there is a tea kettle in the room, with instant coffee packets. If you're rate doesn't include breakfast you don't want to be hostage to the cost of the in-house restaurant. The room we were in had a fridge (that clearly used to be a mini bar but they must have discontinued that some years ago--so it's just a fridge). So a suggestion: come out of the hotel make a right around the corner onto Calthorpe Street and walk 3 minutes to Gray's Inn Road where there are a couple of mini marts where you can get milk, bread, soft drinks, treats, etc for your room. Housekeeping always responded to requests via notes left each day so shout out to their fine job. The desk staff is adequate on a good day and indifferent on a bad day. Not really their fault I suppose. This is a huge tourist factory with hundreds of rooms so it's a high volume shop of in-and-out. Having said all of this--I would stay there again in a minute for the right rate, but not a premium.	
Jun 15 2009 	Cramped rooms	I stayed at the Hotel Holiday Inn, King's Cross, London with my family. The room was very small and the upholstery was not bright, so my teenage son did not like it at all. There was hardly any space for our suitcases and no place to move about in the room.The location was good for the buses though the tube station was a 5 to 7 minutes walk. So if the room size is not a constraint, then one can opt for this hotel.	
Jun 2 2009	Home far away from home	Often travel on business to London and this being the 1st time that I was travelling with family, settled on the Holiday Inn.We were 3 adults + 1 kid and the accomodation was spacious. We were very comfortable with this choice of hotel in terms of space / price and food. If you are an Indian, there is no better place to be in that the Holiday Inn, Kingscross road as the Indian restaurant is brilliant.Special mention to the front office staff who are very accomodative and this really matters, as there were out there to solve all issues.Will definitely recommend this hotel to my fellow colleagues and friends	
May 27 2009 	So So Experience	Myself, my wife and son stayed at Holiday Inn, Kings cross for nearly a week. We had very average experience. The room was very cramped for a Triple one. The hotel staff, even though friendly were not much familiar with London tourist attractions and ways to get there. Being more of a business hotel, the staff was more business like and hence little indifferent to tourists. The continental break fast served is below average. They don't have enough staff to serve such a large number of guests.The food items don't get replenished in time.The lifts in the hotel are really terrible. Every day we witnessed at least one guest getting stuck in the lift.IN fact the staff seem to be very cool to the lift alarm as they are witnessing it almost regularly The positive point about the hotel is very good location.	
May 19 2009 	deceived into believing this would be a leisure break	I booked this hotel on the basis that it advertised itself as a 4 star with full leisure facilities including swimming pool and sauna. I had planned for my teenage son and myself to have a leisure break together. I realise now why i was able to obtain the staurday at such a discounted rate as when we went to use the leisure facilities on the sunday morning they were closed for refurbishment. This information was certainly not available to me when i made my booking. Lesson learnt that in future if something is of such important check with the hotel before booking.	
May 19 2009 	Just OK	Have stayed at other holiday inns but just didn't take to this one.The room felt cramped and we had a bad nights sleep.Convenient for Eurostar but would try another hotel next time.	
May 18 2009 	More like a 3 star	I stayed here from 15th to 17th May having booked it for being close to a conference that I was attending. I thought the Holiday Inn would be a good bet as it is a large chain of hotels and the rooms and accommodation would be of high standards. I was wrong...Firstly, the hotel is tired. The wallpaper is peeling off the walls, the painted walls are grubby (especially in the restaurant). The rooms are basic and the bathrooms are small. You get one small piece of soap and one roll of toilet paper. The shower gel and shampoo is that horrible thing stuck to the wall. A four star hotel should provide more than this ie. shower caps, seperate shampoo's and conditioners and a couple of rolls of toilet paper. The breakfast is very poor. The fruit available appears to be tinned. The cooked breakfast is not very nice and there is no choice. You are presented with a ticket for your cooked breakfast so there is a cheap untrusting feel about the place. One of the evenings having come from a show I went to the little shop in the lobby to purchase two bottles of water. I was charged £5 so I decided not to take them. To put this into perspective, the room service charge for 1litre of water is only £3.50 so the shop is really adding on the percentages. In my opinion, the hotels in London are very expensive but there is far better than this one around. It is overpriced, the service is poor and the whole place is definately in need of makeover. I will not be staying in a Holiday Inn ever again based on my experience here.	
May 6 2009 	Perfect for what we needed	Booked two nights here for a concert we were attending at the Carling Academy in Angel. The hotel is perfectly located for this arena being just a 15 minute walk away and the hotel is also in a reasonably nice area.However, its location is NOT Kings Cross despite its name, so dont fall into that trap! We went to Kings Cross station and then spent almost 20 minutes trying to find it. On arrival, they told us the nearest tube was in fact Farringdon, however, we never even found that station. The hotel were really helpful though in telling us that the easiest option was the bus. The number 19 and 38 buses stop just 10 minutes away and go into central London stopping by China Town or Piccadilly. The 38 also goes onto Victoria station which was handy for us needing the Gatwick Express.The hotel itself was nice and clean and the staff friendly and helpful. The rooms were not the biggest but were very clean if a little dated. The bathroom was not the biggest but was sufficient for its purpose!Having got a great deal on Lastminute.com, added to the hotels nice location and ease of transport with the buses, I would definitely recommend this hotel for someone wanting a nice cheaper option for Central London.One warning...dont use the hotels shop! 85p for a packet of crisps is a little over the top in my opinion!	
May 4 2009 	Good location in London Far from Tube/trains	Good location and the bus routes it is on are brilliant, as it drops you right outside the hotel, and easy access to central London on the buses. The Tube stations are a bit far to get to, about a 15 minute walk, but is ok if a nice day. Good range of bars and restaurants up the road and the pub/restaurant over the road is excellent. If arriving from Kings cross, not an easy walk, so take the bus, £1 if you have an oyster card. The room I had was brilliant, and was on the 7th floor with no issues of noise. All very clean and comfortable beds, and good powerful shower. My room was opposite the lifts, and no issues of noise from these lifts. Didn't use the pool as there was a charge for this, and downside was that there was no hotel information booklet in the room to advise you of this fact before going down there. Was there in Easter holiday time, so full of families, and staff were all attentive and no issues with service, however the bar is expensive. Very limited parking at the hotel, with lots of cars under covers so would seem they are long staying in the limited spaces.	
May 2 2009 	Loved the location	The location of the hotel is very convenient from the city for sight seeing and business work	
Apr 26 2009 	OK - but just ok!	This hotel is fine but nothing special. I certainly wouldn't rush back, mainly because it is a 10-15min walk from Kings Cross (through a very dodgy looking area) or from Russell Square (much nicer walk!)-that's fine if the weather is reasonable, but not much fun if it isn't! It also isn't the easiest place in the world to find using the directions that they give you!!! Rooms were OK, breakfast (cooked) was fine - they didn't charge for my 11 year old. Overall, have definitely stayed in better!	
Apr 26 2009 	Book and stay here with confidence.	We just returned from a 3-night stay at the Kings Cross Holiday Inn. I feel confident in recommending this hotel. It isn't exactly a hidden gem or the bargain of the year, but you can be sure of a fairly good location, clean rooms, and friendly helpful staff. The hotel is actually between two tube stops so will require some walking if you want to use the tube. I would recommend getting a bus map from the front desk and using the buses (lines 17, 38 and 63 are near the hotel). The rooms are practical, clean and comfortable, though not spacious.	
Apr 22 2009 	Smoking room for a non smoking family	We came from Barcelona (Spain) for 4 days to the Hotel Holiday Inn King's Cross. Even though we were travelling with our 10 and 7 year old children, and having booked and prepaid for a family a non smoking bedroom, and after complaining 3 times to 3 different people at the reception desk, we had to stay in a smoke smelly bedroom. The window could not be opened, due to safety reasons, and no fresh air could get into our room, at all. It was really disgusting and the only answer we got from people at the recption was : &quot;please, come back tomorrow to see if there is any free room and that they were fully booked&quot;. Be careful with Executive family rooms on the 8th level!! I was also explained to me by one of the receptionists that the policy of the Hotel allowed them (when fully booked!) to place me in a smoking area, even though I had booked a different thing. I don't think I'll come back to this hotel and it is a pity because the hotel was not bad and well located! But we saw a Travellodge just in front the hotel and they offer family rooms at half price. We will try for next time!	
Apr 16 2009 	Does what it says	We had a quad room - small but fine - we were only in it to sleep after all. It was clean and quiet. We were there at school hol. time and the hotel was full of families but it was still v quiet. Continental breakfast was included in our booking but the children were room only. However, they did not charge us for the children's breakfasts. The breakfast was fine - not ground breaking. Hotel does evening meals - menu looks pricey - we went into town to eat.. There are some parking places - first come first served. We did get one and were allowed to leave our car there til 6pm on day of departure - good value.All in all - a good hotel for our needs - a family in London to sight see and not wanting anything too expensive and not needing the lap of luxury.	
Apr 11 2009 	Very disappointing for a Holiday Inn	Booked this thinking we'd treat ourselves a bit. Very disappointed on all levels. Lovely staff on reception but when tried calling from our room to ask a question, tried several numbers but no response. In the morning housekeeping came in &amp; woke us up ruining our lie in. Room was nice but nothing special. No toiletries, not enough tea-cups, and breakfast really poor - we had to eat a MacDonalds at the train station to make up for it! (shows how bad it was!). All in all, what I would expect from a budget hotel, not a Holiday Inn and certainly not for the price we paid.	
Apr 7 2009 	Cheap 4 Star hotel in london	This was a 'top secret hotel' via lastminute.com for £69 for the room for the night breakfast not included. having read some of the reviews on this site, we were apprehensive of what we might encounter. The area between Kings cross Station and the hotel left a lot to be desired and was run down. However, by comparison this hotel was a beacon of modernity and was easily the newest property in the area. Situated next ot Mount Pleasant Sorting office, the hotel is well situated for catching a bus into and around central london . We were able to get to earls court on 2 buses taking in central london, hyde park lane,knightsbridge(including Harrods) in 1 hour. To catch the number 19 or 38 Bus, turn right on leaving the hotel and walk straight on to the traffic lights and these buses can be caught by crossing the road to the bus stops opposite. The check in at the hotel was smooth and efficient, despite the fact they had booked a room for 3 adults when we were 2 adults and 1 child, but this was swiftly changed without fuss.The room was of a good size and was in a quiet part of the hotel as we had requested. Our child had a double sofa bed to himself but this was not made up and there were insufficient pillows generally. However one call to reception and within 5 minutes all was put right-Excellent response!The bed was comfortable, the room had blackout curtains which ensured a good nights sleep. There were only 3 cups of tea/coffee abvaialble in the room which was not enough.We ate breakfast at the Euro cafe opposite and this was excellent and instead of costing £14.90 per head at the hotel, it cost £14.50 for all of us.There were long queues for breakfast at the hotel and we were glad we were not eating there.Overall, a very good hotel in an ok location at an excellent price.We would return again.	
Mar 29 2009 	Better than expected	We booked a room through LastMinute.com for £57 so were very pleased when we were upgraded to an Executive room - large, comfortable, sofa, free orange juice, robes and slippers. Contrary to other reviewers we found the reception staff to be very pleasant and helpful, particularly Scheelpe.Don't book breakfast - there is an excellent cafe (Euro cafe) directly opposite the hotel which charged £4.20 for a full English breakfast including tea and toast.Be warned - the pool charges £2.50 even if you are a hotel resident.Would definitely stay there again - if we could get the room as cheap.	
Mar 28 2009 	Very Nice :0)	Nice, clean and great service!We had a lovley weekend here.	
Mar 28 2009 	Good hotel but beware floor 7	I stayed here while in London on business. The hotel was clean and comfortable and I found the staff to be very friendly.My problem however came to light at about 1 in the morning - when, after turning off the TV and settling down for the night, I became aware of a humming noise that was reverberating through the room.The noise was quiet enough to ignore when the TV was on, however once I lay in bed I simply couldn't get to sleep (and I usually have no problem with noise). The problem was the noise was vibrating through the walls and bed so there was no getting away from it.After half and hour of trying I called reception, who promptly sent someone to my room. After 25 minutes I was witched from room 707 to room 703, where unfortunately I still had to suffer the same noise.Although the source of the noise remains a mystery, I would hypothesise it was the result of a ventilation fan or other device affixed to the outside wall, so therewould be no way to turn it off. Perhaps I will try this hotel again, albeit on a different floor, but only if the price is right.	
Mar 22 2009 	Okay Hotel	Stayed here the weekend at the end of half term week and it was very busy as apparently children can stay free. We paid £200 per couple for B &amp; B for two nights and a three course meal on one evening. Pick an evening to have the meal when you don't want to do anything else as the service was appalling we had to wait ages and ages and they did not seem that busy! The food was very good when it finally came. If you arrive in London by National Express catch the No 38 bus which takes you to Mount Pleasant Royal Mail Depot and the it is a short walk to the hotel. Don't follow the directions the hotel provide as they say go to Kings Cross Station and its quite a walk down a rather seedy road (definitely not Bloomsbury!) Unfortunately we had to queue both mornings for breakfast but this was also good when you got seated. It was bad planning on their part where they had the toaster and bread etc placed as it was a bit congested. The room was clean and comfortable but I preferred the Novotel next to St Pancras Station where we have stayed previously.	
Mar 10 2009 	So So!!!!	the staff at the front desk are not friendly! rude and arrogant! ( especially JOANNA) the concierge NOT helpful at ALL! the good thing about the hotel, the staff at the restaurant are friendly and accomodating. ( Norma and company) . Please upgrade the hotel facilities!!!!	
Mar 9 2009 	Clean comfortable good location and great value for money	My two friends and I visited this hotel for a long weekend 5-9th March 2009 and were very impressed with our stay. The Hotel was really clean, comfortable and nicely decorated, the rooms were spacious. We had two double beds in our room and were happy with this. The shower in the bathroom was great. There were also many toiletries available from reception, (razors, shaving foam, ladies sanitary items, conditioners etc) all free of charge, which we felt was a nice touch. There was a pillow menu in the room so you could call the front desk and have your favourite kind of pillow delivered for free. Another nice touch (“,) We had the continental breakfast and found this to be nice and adequate, it included (toast, croissants, ham, cheese, fruit, juices, cereals, tea and coffee). We never ate in the restaurant only for breakfast. The pub across the road the Union Tavern is really nice and the food is very good and reasonably priced. We found all the staff in the hotel to be very friendly and helpful at all times. There was a small convenience shop in the hotel also that sold papers, drinks etc and this was very handy. The location of the hotel was also ideal, around the corner beside the Royal Mail Centre there is a bus stop, the no 63 bus runs frequently and it takes you to kings cross station. My friends and I cannot fault any aspect of our stay in the Holiday Inn and we will all be returning to this hotel in the future. We would have no hesitation in recommending this as a place to stay in London.	
Mar 8 2009 	Suprisingly good	I booked this hotel as part of a package deal to go see Arsenal. After having read some bad reviews I was almost dreading going but I was pleasently surprised! The staff were nice, the room was unusually big (for being in London), and everything was neat, clean and tidy. There was a pillow menu in the room so you could call the front desk and have your favourite kind of pillow delivered for free. A very nice service :-)The continental breakfast was included but we thought we might pay a bit extra and get the full english one once there. The continental breakfast was quite good though and more than enough to keep us happy so we stuck to that one. The only bad thing about the hotel is that it takes a bit of walking to get to the tube but as my boyfriend and I don't mind walking that was ok. There are quite a few nice restaurants in the area if you feel like staying in one night. I would definetely consider staying there again.	
Mar 4 2009 	Clean comfortable friendly and good value	We took advantage of a good B &amp; B deal by Holiday Inn and stayed here for two nights end Feb/beginning March. I wanted a large room for 4 people (3 adults and one teenager) to save on costs and the one we were given was plenty big enough. The room and hotel was clean and comfortable and the staff were exceptionally friendly. Nothing was too much trouble. We called housekeeping for extra towels and they were in our room within 10 minutes. This is a busy hotel but all of the staff we met took time out to chat to us. The location is very convenient. There's a 15 minute walk to Kings Cross station or you can take the 63 bus that stops right opposite the hotel. It cost us £10 to get a taxi from Euston station. We could hear no traffic noise in our room. Breakfast was good but then ours was included in the price we were quoted (£170 for 4 people for 2 nights). I would have no hesitation in recommending this as a place to stay in London.	
Feb 22 2009 	Typical reasonable Holiday Inn	Aside from the misleading name - it really isn't at either Kings Cross or Bloomsbury, but close to Faringdon - this is a decent Holiday Inn. Reasonable size rooms, clean and everything works. Good bus service outside and in fine weather the tube is walking distance. I arrived soaked having failed to get a taxi in a rainstorm and reception were helpful and welcoming. Breakfast a bit basic for £13.95, but hold and cold choices. If you have time, it's a good location for exploring the interesting Clerkenwell area - good pubs and restaurants.	
Feb 10 2009 	Hard Earned Break	Stayed at this hotel Feb 2009, with my husband and two children aged 7 &amp;9. This hotel met all our requirements,no complaints. The children's room service menu was excellent for 3.99. The hotel is a 15 minute walk from tube. A number 63 is stops opposite the hotel and you get this outside kings cross tube station, its only three stops away. The number 19 will take you from the hotel into the centre of London. Buy an oyster card, children do not pay on either tube or bus. A taxi from outside hotel to tubestation is 3.80. I found the hotel a good 3 star as opposed to a four star. No extras like biscuits or hot chocolate in room. Breakfast staff not very pleasant but it is a busy hotel. The sachets of nutella is kept under the breakfast counter be sure to ask for them, I think its to stop kids nicking them. I would stay here again.	
Jan 31 2009 	Overall an enjoyable stay	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Kings Cross/Bloomsbury whilst visiting London to sightsee for the weekend before going back to university at the end of January. We choose this hotel because when we booked Easyjet flights they had a offer on this hotel.Hotel is about 10-15mins walk to Kings Cross Station at the most. and easy to find. We arrived around 10am and our room was ready - very efficient.Rooms were clean and well decorated, plenty of fresh towels in the bathroom and well stocked soap and shower wash. If you needed, tootbrushes, toothpaste, and shaving gel were available amoungst other things. Definately a deal breaker if you forgot some of these essential items!!!On Sunday we were able to leave our baggage with the conceierge so we could go to attractions, for a £1 fee.The only complaint we had was breakfast. When you arrive downstairs a rather rude staff member who I couldnt understand crossed our room off a list and showed us where to go. Inside the dining room there was the usual fruit, toast, cereals, and croissants. There was also a small section with cooked breakfasts. What we didn't know was you needed a &quot;ticket&quot; to have any of the cooked items - and cost extra. Most guests in the room were only having cold breakfast also so we figured we weren't the only guests that weren't told this. Also on Sunday morning we arrived down a little later to breakfast and there was very little food left - not good enough for a 4star hotel in London!!Overall, we would reccommend staying here if you like comfort generally good service. We would stay again.	
Jan 22 2009 	Christmas Bliss	Istayed at the Holiday Inn with my wife and our two teenage daughters just before Christmas. I was pleasantly surprised when we arrived, as to be honest, having read some of the reviews on this site, I thought we we would be staying at the Bates Motel. This is a clean, modern, purpose built hotel, which, if not exactly central, is convenient to all transport links. The family rooms we stayed in was of a good size for London hotels and was clean, comfortable and modern. Anyone who thinks the rooms are small clearly hasn't stayed in the glorified guesthouses passing themselves off as Four Star hotels in central London. Check in was smooth and though we arrived well before check in time we were given our room straight away.I am at a loss to understand some of the negative reviews posted here which seem to bear no resemblance to the hotel we stayed in. Didn't have time to try the leisure centre, though the pool looks a little small. Yes, we had to queue for breakfast, but it was no big deal. Apart from that very minor quibble, I can't honestly think of anything that I could complain about. If you are thinking of staying at the Holiday Inn King's Cross, all I can say is relax, and enjoy it!	
Jan 11 2009 	Holiday Inn Kings Cross Rd London	I regularly stay at this hotel for business reasons. I think its very good and am surprised at some of the negative reviews. The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable. I can't comment on the hotel resaurant as I have never eaten there (apart from breakfast which is fine) but there are plenty of good restaurants in the nearby Exmouth Market which is one of the reasons why I like the hotel (and the fact that my employer pays for it !!). On one occasion there was a problem with my booking (not the hotel's fault) and the receptionist was very helpful and sorted the problem out quite quickly.	
Jan 2 2009 	5th Stay - Second Review - Gets better	I have reviewed this hotel before - and have stayed here on numerous occasions for work, but this is the first time I have stayed here with the family and thought it was worth mentioning a few new bits - most good, one not so good.We spent 2 nights here for new years eve and Jan 1st the hotel staff were brilliant at such a busy time, we got the room at 1.30pm and when we left were allowed to keep it until midday so certainly no complaints there. Our standard family room was lenty big enough and there was a fault with the heating, so thehotel had provided a portable radiator, again, no problem there it was more than adequate and quiter than the normal system would have been. Room 335 has a gread big comfy bed and a tv that you cant see from anywhere other than the bed despite there being seating for 5 in the room but... I don't travel to London to watch TV.The only downside, really the ONLY one, is the leisure club and pool. Sauna Handles hanging off...Pool floor a bit gritty and loose handrails on the jacuzzi left me thinking that £20 worth of maintenance had let the side down a bit, having said that, it was a shame because the facility is otherwise excellent and the staff most helpful.The best bit about this hotel though is the location on Bus routes!To get to it from Kings Cross station, the 63 departs right outside the station day and night and drops you 30 yards from the door.However.. Once at the hotel, turn right out of the entrance and walk past the Royal Mail centre at Mount Pleasant (once the busiest mail centre in Europe) to the lights and cross the road. The buses here are the 19 and the 38. Both will take you (in 3 minutes) to the Angel at islington and Camden passage antiques market (Sundays) on way and both going towards Picadilly will take you to Holborn (British Museum) Totenham Court Road (Computer Shops, Dominion Theater, Oxfrord Street, Soho Square), Chinatown and Soho's sleazy square mile, Leicester Square, Shftsbury Avenue (Theaters) Picadilly Circus/ Regent Street (Hamleys) Past Fortnums, Old Bond Street (jewellers and designer shops) The Ritz, Green Park (for Buckingham Palace) The Hard Rock Cafe (Original and best) and the 19 continues Past Hyde park corner, into Knightsbridge (200 yards from Harrods) Up sloane St past Sloane Square and into Chelsea and the Kings Road before crossing the Battersea Bridge and dumping you a short walk from the Tate Modern and the Dogs home... all for £1Seriously, on a fine day take the bus to Chelsea and walk the route back to Holborn with a few detours to take in Harrods, the Albert Memorial and Royal Albert Hall or the Museums (free) in Kensington, Hyde Park and the Serpentine, , the Hard Rock, (go to the Rock Shop and down into the vault (it's free) across Green park to Buck House, down the Mall to Trafalgar Square, Down Whitehall to Westminster, follow the river Past Cleopatras Needle to Blackfriars Bridge (St Pauls) and walk up the hill following Farringdon road all the way back to the Hotel. for a £1 and it really is a nice level gentle walk of up to 5 miles and the best bit, your never far from a cafe, a pub, a landmark... or a tube station.Don't forget, It's the 19 bus and kids under 11 are FREE, older kids under 16 pay £1 to ride ALL DAY on the tube and buses, and they call this rip off britain! Hah!	
Dec 13 2008 	Really liked the H.I. Kings X	Four of us (all ladies) booked at room at this hotel for our work Christmas party and were initially worried about all being in one room. However, we were very pleasantly surprised. The first room we were shown was huge with a lovely corner seat overlooking London but as it only have one bed and a small-ish sofa-bed we asked for a different room. The lady in reception was VERY helpful and, although we were checking-in early, found us another room that was ready, that did indeed have two beds. This room was smaller overall but more than adequate for the four of us... both beds were proper double-size which was great. The bathroom was extremely clean and modern and the shower was brilliant. We didn't use the bar or restaurant but they looked nice. We would definitely stay here again and recommed this to our friends.	
Dec 8 2008 	Not good	Rooms hot, small and unable to open windows, air conditioning didn't work properly in one of the rooms. Rude staff, problem with our booking and a half hour wait on Saturday and Sunday in a queue to get into the breakfast room.	
Nov 27 2008 	Not great	Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights.About a 15 minute walk to Kings Cross Tube Station - not exactly as handy as we had thought and this was the initial reason for booking the hotel. Room was adequate and clean - bathroom was quite small and I found the shower to be a very 'cramped' experience. But again all was adequate. Food in the restaurant is over priced and substandard. My colleague ordered the beef wellington which was burnt to a crisp! We told the waiter and he said 'i will tell the chef'... we waited and nothing was done about this. So after the first night we always ate out - cheaper and better.We needed the internet for the duration of our stay, the front desk mistakenly told us that we could use the internet on both our laptops, this was not the case! So it took a good half an hour to amend this problem. £45 for 5 days of internet on one laptop - and the connection was very very patchy. The hotel staff said they could do nothing about this and only referred us to a call centre - which also stated they could do nothing about this. Very frustrating when we were paying so much.I found the room itself very cold, the only form of heating in the room is a very noisy air conditioning system, which apparently warms the room as well but I was very cold for the whole stay.Breakfast was very VERY dissapointing. We had breakfast included and so each morning opted for a 'breakfast hamper' to be delivered to our room. There is a list of what is included in this 'hamper' - which turns out to be a tray of corn flakes, two croissants, two breadbuns, jam, butter, milk and coffee. Trust me when I say this is less than half of what is listed on the menu - all about expectations again, but if the hamper is listed as having a 'selection of pastries' (as well as croissants), 'fresh fruit' etc. then is it wrong of me to expect this?On the second and third night the fire alarm went off, both times around 10.30pm. It was a short but very loud burst and then we heard all the fire doors in the corridor shut. Then fifteen minutes later you can hear a member of staff coming to open all the closed fire doors.... not ideal again.All in all really dissapointed with this hotel it must be said. If you are looking for something as just a 'base' and nothing else then this hotel should be fine. But if you're looking for something that's close to Kings Cross and a place where you'd like to spend a bit more time, ie working during the day/relaxing after a long day on a night - then I would find somewhere else. Not a terrible place, the room was adequate but perhaps my expectations were too high. I would not stay here again (yes I'm writing this whilst I'm in the hotel).	
Nov 23 2008	No No No - barley 3 stars	Probably I'm getting spoiled and have too big expectations, but...1) Terrible rooms. Only positive is that they were clean. Rooms terribly small (and I can imagine I got OKish room as Platinum member - don't wanna think what non-Platinum members get). Outdated design and furniture. Small desk. Dark lighting. Power sockets far from the desk. Bathroom like from communist era. No cabin shower in a bathroom. Overall - I wanted to spend as little time as possible in a room (and not because of London, but because of how bad the room was).2) Service - very very very poor. The only positive is that they are friendly. But very few members are competent. Whenever I asked them for something, they had to check, information was not correct. And, the worst thing, they didn't even make an effort to help. For example, I wanted to use printer on weekend (guess what? business centre is closed on weekends. WTF!?). So I was told I cannot print anything. Luckily there was one competent man in the concierge who just printed me a page on the printer in the reception. How difficult was it for 3 other guys there to do this???3) Food: in a restaurant (esp. breakfast) I felt like a cow on a farm. Plenty of people, dirty restaurant, poor service.4) Location: good 10min walk to King's Cross tube (and I walk quite fast).5) Way below any Holiday Inn standards and way below 4 stars.	
Nov 23 2008 	A Holiday Inn in London	In these credit crunch times those of us needing to trade down in London could look at this Holiday Inn. Its better than most with its own pool but some of the fabric is now showing signs of fatigue. When the property was newer I bumped into (literally) Arsene Wenger in the lift. Its hard to imagine Arsenal bonding sessions here now but the hotel is still a servicable alternative to room rates of over £200 a night in the City proper.	
Nov 17 2008 	Above average hotel near Kings Cross/St Pancras	Stayed for one night preceding a morning departure from St Pancras. The hotel is about a 15 minute walk from Kings Cross/St Pancras along Farringdon Road opposite Mount Pleasant Post Office.Check-in was fairly quick as at the time there was a large party of guests being booked in .The room was on a higher floor, street facing but with hardly any noise as the windows were soundproofed. There were two double beds but the room wasn't particularly large and became quite stuffy during the night.Used the Charing Bar, which was quite comfortable, fairly busy but the service very good.The breakfast was a buffet, a good selection including full english, tinned fruits and bread. Not a huge array but satisfactory.Good hotel, convenient for Bloomsbury/Kings Cross	
Nov 9 2008 	Didn`t like my stay	I stayed at this hotel with my wife for 4 nights. The hotel is about 1km away from the nearest underground station. Although the room was clear and comfortamle, many accessories were missing, unless I asked them for, which is not the case for a 4-star hotel. Safe was available only at the reception desk. The continental breakfast was poor and (like the most foreigners) we didn`t know that we had to pay extra for english breakfast, so the stuff explained it in very rude ways, e.g emptying our plates! I noticed that the stuff was also rude to clients who didn`t understand that they had to stay in queue for entering the breakfast room. One night we tried to have a drink, but after 30 minutes we left the hotel, because nobody cared to serve us!	
Nov 7 2008 	OK for discount price	Having trawled the internet for london hotels with family rooms for a long sight- seeing weekend and didnt get good prices.I phoned holiday inn and asked for for there deals £87 sat/sun per room per night for 2+2 including English breakfast for four , £135 per night monday. Having booked without checking tripadvisor I was hrrified by many reviews. It is not as bad but there is some truth in most comments.Big queues for english breakfast so go early or read the paper in the queue but food is standard fare.Staff were always curteous to us.Clearly don't bother with Hotel chain restaurants anywhere for anything other than breakfast. The pub across the road has a good atmosphere restaurant(ish) food at pub prices and good house wine and internet connection( ? the Union Tavern )The location is not ideal for sightseeing using the underground. The hotel is neither at Kings Cross Station or Bloomsbury. It is a10 minute walk from kings cross or Russell square, Chancery lane and Farringdon underground stations. On a positive side when the Central line shut done one night on way back from the theatre at least there were alternative stations and lines. The walk from kings cross station using kings cross road is seedy but grays inn road way nicer. Did not use the buses but could have used buses and underground unlimited after 9,30 am for £5.70 for a day pass and kids were free.	
Nov 6 2008 	handy location	we stayed at this hotel as we had just returned from a trip to Paris on eurostar &amp; being close to kings cross station it was ideal for a nights stay to see the sights before heading home .the hotel was fine , no major complaints . the location is good , 10 minute walk to kings cross , so ideal for sightseeing , we managed to see loads in a day using the underground, the hotel itself was clean with good facilitys including a small shop , our room was clean &amp; the beds gave us a good nights sleep, the area around the hotel has plenty of grocery shops , pubs &amp; we had a meal in a nice Italian restaraunt around the corner from the hotel.the hotel has its own pool , steam room &amp; sauna , also a spa bath but this was out of order during our stay , the pool was o.k, as was the steam room but the sauna was not the best.as I have already said no major complaints, but the pool area seemed a bit tired &amp; in need of updating &amp; a bit of maintanence, also our room was a bit tatty here &amp; there but at least it was clean &amp; comfortable.all in all a good stay &amp; would recommend it for a short stay , but I guess it scores points for having a pool to give it 4 stars as in my opinion it seems more like an average 3 star.	
Oct 31 2008 	great hotel	When I read the reviews on this hotel, I was extremely disappointed.However :-We found this hotel fantastic, the staff were friendly and polite – every room order we made to the staff, were efficient and correct. Our room was a double with a settee – four of us fitted into this room – no problem. Would not suit 4 adults though.The leisure facilities are also very good.The hotel is quite a walking distance from Kings Cross station – although we didn’t find this a problem, as you use the 63 bus, (bus stops are at the entrance to the station), 3 – 4 stops later you are at the stop you require – there is also a Travel lodge directly opposite the bus stop. Bus 63 can also be used in the opposite direction from Farrington Station.Directly opposite the hotel there is a pub/restaurant, and another pub around the corner, where the alcohol is a little cheaper than the hotel bar – both of which are very good. Further up the street – approx 200 yards, to Rosebery Ave you will find more restaurants – including a good Italian and a posh burger house.We also travelled by bus along Rosebery Ave approx 1 mile to Angel, which is a very busy area.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Holiday Inn Kings Cross Road, and will certainly be returning in the near future.	
Oct 30 2008 	Not bad at all	Having read a few reports on this site I was not expecting much but was pleasantly surprised .Here is our experienceLocation : Good , quiet even though our room overlooked the main road.Room:Adequate ,two good firm beds ,clean.Transport :Quite far from nearest tube (20 min) but bus stop 50 metres away from hotel.Bus no.63 only 5 min to Kings Cross to access underground.Found this bus service good apart from one late night (10.45p.m.) 15 min wait to return from Kings Cross.Travelcard comes in handy and is good value for money if you do not travel before 9.30 a.m.£5.40 a day.Breakfast; Very good buffet style no queues before 8.00 a.m.Restaurant: Did not useSwimming pool :Good but busy.Extra cost which they forgot to put on the bill !Staff :Only dealt with one receptionist who was unable to give a smile and had no people skills.The guy who arranged to store our luggage on the final morning before the train home was more polite and friendly. Cost :Two nights prepaid with english breakfast two double beds 2 adults 1 child £378 .OK for London I suppose and the room was ready when we arrived at 11.00a.m. on the first day.Overall experience Good and would return again.	
Oct 29 2008 	better than I expected	After some of the recent reviews for this hotel I wasn't expecting much, so I found the experience of staying here better than I thought it was going to be. Reception is an attractive area and our twin room was quite large, well equipped, had two large twin beds, and was very clean. I wasn't pleased to have to pay for internet access and thought that at £12-odd for 24 hours it was expensive.We found the staff pleasant, efficient and friendly.Breakfast was buffet-style and included pretty much anything you could possibly want, and those who had full English said it was tasty and well-cooked. There was the normal hotel-crush-and-queue on Saturday and Sunday mornings,and the inevitable lift breakdown at the same time, not funny if you're on the 5th floor.We weren't all that happy with the location - you will need to pay for taxis, or fiddle about waiting for the bus, or take quite a long walk if you stay here (we walked to Leicester Square and I would estimate it was about 1.1/2 miles).We didn't eat in the hotel in the evenings,and by the looks of it, no-one else did either. There are some good pubs,restaurants within easy walking distance.So, an OK stay - not brilliant but not awful either.	
Oct 29 2008 	Good location but.........................	Having stayed in Holiday Inn's around the UK I would say that this was the worst experience. We arrived at the Hotel around 11:30pm (trains delayed) went to check in and was told that our room was double booked and it was 1st come 1st served so they gave it to someone else!!. They gave us a noisy uncomfortable room (with a pull down double bed). Going for breakfast was an experience we had to queue for 15 mins before we were seated (this happened on both days). I did complain to the management they gave me the room I was meant to be in for the 2nd night (only was there 2 nights) but all the extras that was paid for were not in the room (half bottle of wine etc).The rooms were clean and tidy as you would expect for a 4* star hotel.The reception staff were unhelpful the dining staff were very accomodating helping in anyway they could.The location to Kings Cross station was good only a 10 min walk and by taxi was about £3.40 (which I thought was cheap). There is a couple of bars/restaurants across the road. Can not say what they were like as I never used them never had time.There is a Travel lodge across the road which I think we might use next time as I very much doubt we would stay in this Holiday Inn again.	
Oct 27 2008 	OK for transit hotel	Last minute stay at this hotel due to delayed train to Paris. Wasn't expecting much which was lucky as it really was just a tiny room with a bathroom. Clean, but hot as sun from windows really heated the room and even with air con on full it was still stiffling.Still if a transit hotel is what you are looking for then this would be fine. I would definitely not stay here longer than 1 night.	
Oct 2 2008 	Awful Food - Ok Hotel	Stayed at this hotel for a week whilst on a course. Location chosen due to course location. Checkin and room ok. Nothing special, but will do the job. My company paid £30 for my meals etc in the hotel so thought i would try the various menus. Room service - fast, but expensive. Quality is low and seems thrown together. Restaurant - Poor food, very over salted and again very expensive. I never have a pudding, but needed one to fill up. Indian restaurant - From Birmingham so had to live up to good curry - no - very poor. No spices and lamb was very fatty. It all seemed like it was from the microwave - especially the rice. Breakfast - Was ok. Nothing special.	
Sep 25 2008 	Not specially good	We spent 3 days in this hotel in August 2008 and are surprised in “different ways”. For the Health club/pool we have to pay extra (nobody informed us), but the most ridicules thing was to pay extra for two espresso-cafes which we ask for the breakfast. The bathroom was not really clean up (toilet and hairs).	
Sep 13 2008 	Good Hotel - Not So Good Location	A very large modern hotel.The rooms are not huge but reasonably sized by London standards. My room was clean, modern and very comfortable with a large double bed and seating area with 2 seater setee and coffee table.Didnt try it, but the in house Indian restaurant looked fairly authentic and not too over priced.Breakfast very busy but reasonable. Its all self service (including Coffee) but no one actually told me that. Downside - its not in a particularly good location. Kings Cross tube station (nearest) is a good 20 minute walk away and there are no major places of interest for tourists within 25 minutes walk. I went on business but like to have a look around while I am there. I knew where I was going but it still took me 30 mins walk to get to the river.In conclusion, a reasonable - oh, go on - good Hotel, let down only by its location.	
Aug 6 2008 	ok as long as you don't mind rude staff and the Fire Alarm going off constantly	I booked this hotel as it was near to the Train station and was centerally located so that I could access the tube stations so that we could see the sights. The Hotel itself was nice, clean and comfy. However the staff let the place down, they were rude and unhelpful.They also let guests continually smoke in there rooms which meant the fire alarm was going off at all hours and preventing us, and the other guests sleeping. When we complained about this as asked what was to be done to the culprits - ie were they being thrown out and prosectued as they were breaking the law etc etc, we were fobbed off and were told a number of lies about the cause, including the steam from the shower set it off. The sad thing is this hadn't just happened whilst we were there is was a regular occurence as we were speaking to a fellow guest who had been staying there for at least 2 weeks and had another week to go whilst her house was being repaired who informed us that this had happened every night of her stay - at least 2 or 3 times a night and day. This poor lady had complained (she was living there short-term so still had to attend work etc whilst she was sleep deprived) and had asked for her money back so that she could find another hotel, but the hotel nor manager would give her her money back and because she didn't have a lot of money she couldn't get up and leave and find somewhere else to stay so she had to stay put and endure the problems. All I can say is what a wonderful example of Customer Service - not!!!!	
Aug 4 2008 	Really good hotel + great location + good rates = Great Vacation!	We took a 14-day vacation in England and stayed here for the beginning and the end of our trip (2 stays = 7 nights). The room was very spacious by London standards. It was slightly smaller than most North American chain hotels but the rooms are definitely not small. We had plenty of space to keep our bags/suitcases and to move around. Space is a truly great amenity to have in a hotel in London, where most places barely provide enough room for you, let alone your suitcases. When we book our next trip to England, we plan to stay at this hotel again.Our rooms were cleaned (well) each day and we always had plenty of pillows and fresh towels. The kids swam in the pool a number of times - they loved it and it the small usage fee is nominal (too bad it's not included in the room charge but let's not split hairs, it's only 2.50 GBP per person per stay – we got more than our moneys worth). The location was fantastic! We were only about 8 - 10 minutes (walking distance) from the British Museum. Kings Cross Station was 10 - 12 minutes from the hotle. We found it exceptionally easy to get around the city from here (besides doing some walking, on other days we used buses, the tube, a rental car, and taxis). We didn't eat at this hotel so I can't offer any insight about the meals there. We bought breakfast items to eat in our room (from local grocers about 6 or 7 minutes up Kings Cross Rd from the hotel). We ate lunches and dinners all around the city whilst we were sightseeing. We ordered pizza in to our room (from Dominos and it was very good pizza) to enjoy during the pay-per-view movie (selection was good at 25 English language choices - we saw National Treasure - Book of Secrets, part of which takes place in London).If I could find fault with this hotel it’s that the ‘laundry’ mentioned on the hotels website isn’t a facility, it’s a service. We wanted to wash and dry our things but couldn’t at the hotel. They charge 6.50 GBP (about $13.00 CDN) to wash and dry a pair of jeans, which I think is a bit much. Instead, we had to take our things over to a family members place and do our laundry there, which was a bit inconvenient. Too bad the hotel doesn’t have a few washing/drying machines, as it would’ve made this hotel perfect for us.The review below mine mentions a rat. I can verify that account, as my wife and daughter were in the lobby and saw the little fellow run in through the front door. Rats are part of every major city in the world, so you can't hold that against the hotel. Actually, I can't really hold anything against the hotel other than the lack of a laundry facility. I recommend this hotel for a base when visiting London - it's very easy to get here. We found the staff members all very polite and most helpful (we had occasion to use the concierge services a few times - these men were truly helpful). We did as much as we could in the 8 days we spent in London - everything was enjoyable and I recommend any/all of these things if you're planning to visit the city :A musical - we chose Grease Toured on a double-decker busBritish Museum (wow!)Museum of Natural History (also - wow!)Westminster Abbey (we only saw the outside - they want way too much money for admission)Buckingham Palace (as above)The King Tut exhibit at the O2Tower of LondonThe &quot;London Dungeons&quot; (next to Waterloo undergound station)All Hallows by the Tower ChurchGreenwichLondon EyeThames River Cruise*My favourite part of our trip was not in London. It was Stonehenge. I cannot describe how great it was for me to visit this site after dreaming about it for over 30 years! I contacted English Heritage and arranged one of their special visits - we were able to enter the stone circle after hours (they allow about 25 people early in the morning before and after regular hours). I will visit Stonhenge again on our next trip (and every other trip after that too). What an incredible experience.PS - I have read a few other reviews (here on Tripadvisor) that criticize the staff of this facility. I have to wonder whether those reviewers were doing things on the offensive when approaching staff, making their issues personal (IE: did they come at the employees with an attitude instead of being objective?) and further, I wonder what they were expecting in terms of service at this facility – you can get first-rate service simply by being polite and explaining issues clearly – I’ve found that problems can arise when people don’t communicate clearly.	
Aug 4 2008	Not too bad	During last and this year I stayed several times at Holiday Inn Kings Cross. Location of this hotel is good but not perfect. It is o.k. if you know London but for the first stay you'll do a bitt of walking. There are three underground stations in the hotel area (Kings Cross – St. Pancrace, Russel Square and Chancery Lane) but they are all more than 10 min. walk. The best one, in my opinion, is Russel Square and it's Piccadilly Line covering Cowent Garden, Licester Square and Piccadilly Circus stations. In front of the Russel Square station is Brunswick shopping centre with good choice of restaurants, big supermarket and pharmacy.If you want to do some shopping on Oxford, Regent and Bond Street you should use Chancery Lane station and it's Central Line.The British Museum is just 15 min. walk and St. Paul's and Modern Tate 20 – 25 min. If you don't want to walk, St. Paul's and Modern Tate are just one stop ride from Chancery Lane.The closest you can get to the hotel by public transport is by bus 63 from Kings Cross station. The stop is in front of the hotel. Buses 19 and 38 are more convenient because you can use them from the Central London – Piccadilly, Shaftsburry Avenue and New Oxford Street. The only thing is that you can't see the hotel from the stop and you have to know where to ring to get off. So, if you are for the first time in London, I recomand to look through the bus window on the left. In one shor moment you'll nottice the Royal Mail parking and the hotel. Than ring and get off at the next stop. The stop is 3 min. walk from the hotel.The hotel is average London 4* hotel. Reception desk staff is not the best I have ever seen. I would say they are all traynees and need couple of more things to learn. Concierge service is very good and helpfull. The rooms are of medium size, which means large by London standards. They are not brand new but comfortable and clean. Beds are very comfortable. I don't recomand this hotel for the winter stay. The heating is through airconditioning sistem which operates poorly. It is really cold in the rooms. It is warmer in coridors of the hotel than in the rooms. There are no minibars and safety deposit boxes in the rooms which is downpint for the 4* hotel. The breakfast is average. I always take full English breakfast because continental one is really poor. The other bad thing about the breakfast is queueing fore it. Especially at the end of the week (Fri – Sun) when the hotel is full of tourists. You must calculate up to 1 hour for the breakfast. The hotel also has Indian restaurant but I didn't try it. There is nice Pub just across the street. There are swimming pool and sauna in the basemant of the hotel. The cost of use is 2.5GBP. I never had the time to try it but one of my friends told me it was good.All in all, the hotel is good. You can get wors in London. I stay here when Holiday Inn Regent's Park is full.	
Jul 28 2008 	Unbelievable- But True	OH NO!! Hotel was booked through work, so had no choice but to stay there. Pleasantly surprised on arrival - check in was fine, room not bad. Ate in hotel at night - Indian restaurant - terrible. Breakfast ok - checked out, sat in bar/coffee area to make a couple of phone calls - AND SAW A RAT RUNNING ACROSS THE FLOOR. 24th July, 10.15 in the morning - others saw it as well . Don't know whether it came from outside, or through cellar or what - it was hottest day of the year and ok - you expect some things, but a rat in the morning???	
Jun 29 2008 	Incompetance and rude staff....	I've stayed here a couple of times and my employer gets a favourable rate.I don't like the location, and I've never liked the total lack of customer service, however this week took the buscuit.Despite having a confirmation number and a copy of my reservation, they refused to recognise I had a booking.Eventually after about an hour and after our travel agency escalated their calls to the hotel manager, they let me in - but only if I accepted a smoking room.All this and I'm a Priority Club Platinum Ambassador.Just avoid the place, the the HI Kensington Forum instead, its just as cheap and in a much better location. Plus, the staff actually recognise that you exist....	
Jun 17 2008 	definately worth it	i did check out the hotel reviews on this site before conf. our stay there and i must say i was pleasantly surprised. its a good hotel, a wee bit far from central london but its got the kingscross st. nearby which is a major st. and well connected. to get there you can either leg it (like we did the first two days) or take a bus (i forget the no.). the conceirge was extremely helpful and friendly. the breakfast was a satisfying affair with every thing that one can want (veg &amp; non veg). the rooms are a decent size. overall a good experience.	
May 19 2008 	A strange and sorrowful hotel.....	Holiday Inn Kings cross. First. it's a misnomer and should be corrected as &quot;Holiday inn Russel square&quot; because it's faster and easier to find the way if you get there by tube..just get off from Russel square. Hotel is fine, room is large, and swimming pool is nice, breakfast is over average. But it's very STRANGE that all the staff were unhappy and sorrowful .. from house keeping, reception, fitness guard, and restaurant manager..........are they mourning for China's earthquake? I just don't know why...	
Apr 21 2008 	Was I just lucky?	Stayed here for 1 night on business, with some trepidation given other reviews, but nothing else available.Worst thing is the area it is in - I walked from King's Cross and felt uncomfortable after dark - alright in the day time I guess.Room was huge, clean and comfortable. Check in was efficient, but I did observe others having difficulties.Breakfast the next morning was absolutely fine.	
Apr 8 2008 	Staff is incompetent! Would not recommend staying here...	I booked this hotel as it is within a 15 min walk to the Farrington station (which is where my company's UK office is located). After arriving at the hotel, a young man tells me he can't find our reservation. Thankfully I have a print out of the confirmation with me and give it to him. Its not enough. He asks my husband and I to wait in the bar while he calls Hotels.com. They are not able to get in touch with anyone at the 800# listed (you can not call certain 800# from the UK). I asked him if I could use his computer and was able to find a number that I could dial from the UK. I had to call Hotels.com and ask them to fax/email a copy of my itinerary to the hotel. Granted, this is after a 10 hour flight and lots of travel to/from the airport. So I am able to track down the manager and convince her to check us into a room as we are exhausted after the flight. We get into our room and she shortly calls us later to inform us that they got the booking from Hotels.com. IT ONLY GETS BETTER. I am working in the UK for a week and I have pre-paid the room for the week. My husband works from the room during the day (internet is an outrageous $90+ for the week!) - Housekeeping knocks on the door, and asks my husband why he is still in the room, as we should be checked out. If you can get over the incompetency of the staff, the room was clean and adequate.	
Apr 7 2008 	Nice Hotel	Were quite concerned about staying here after reading some of the reviews, however we found the hotel to be excellent. Nice room, quiet, plenty of towels, toiletries etc, easy to check in and out. No smell of smoke anywhere and a lovely breakfast. Would stay here again and recommend it.	
Mar 27 2008	Avoid It!	Far from metro (it seems impossible in London but that is...), unpleasant management (very, very rude and not so confident with their duties), rooms acceptable but icy.Moreover : if you arrive there in a crowded day, you can also wait 45 min to have your breakfast (no more than 20 tables for the continental breakfast)And ...watch out : the english breakfast costs 6 pounds more.......	
Mar 25 2008 	Dont Stay Here	Hotel in a very run down &amp; derelict area, a good 15 minute trek to the nearest tube station. Very few amenities in the area. Staff in general could not understand the simplest English. Front desk staff took 20mins to check us into our room even though we had booked a prepaid rate. Corridors reeked of cigarette smoke. Bathroom toilitries practically non existant. Very disappointing. There are so many nicer hotels in London, dont make the mistake of choosing this one.	
Mar 20 2008 	Pleasant Stay	We called this hotel after a great stay at a Holiday Inn outside of Canterbury. The room rate that we were given was exponentially less expensive than the rate that was posted on their &quot;room rates&quot; board located behind the front desk. The staff was nice to work with although English was obviously not the native language of everyone. The double room was large and clean. My advice for others planning to stay here is to explore the room a bit before concluding that it is ill-equipped, as most items (hairdryer, refrigerator, etc.) are inside drawers and the like. We had nice dinners in the restaurant on-site and enjoyed a delicious breakfast in the other restaurant located inside the hotel. Parking is limited and somewhat expensive but protected from the elements. Our overall experience here was pleasant and we would certainly stay here again.	
Jan 28 2008 	Discriminative Criminal Safe-Harboring Management Worse Hotel Experience	We got 3 rooms at this hotel for 8 nights and paid 2160 pounds. On the first night they double-booked our room and made us wait until 3 a.m. to find another room at another hotel. On December 19th, 2007, MY MOTHER’S BAG WAS STOLEN while having breakfast with my aunt at the hotel restaurant which is not open to public and you enter by getting a meal ticket. They let THREE CRIMINALS ENTER the restaurant and when the criminals walked out all the attendees disappeared. Hence they could run out easily. Holborn Police station has recorded the incident with the crime reference number of 2341519/07. The hotel manager Mark Barrett did not even come downstairs to apologize from my 65 years old mother in the next four days until I requested a face-to-face meeting with him. We requested the hotel insurance to pay for our losses and he refused liability and said that the restaurant is a public area. When I was trying to explain why a restaurant with a seating hostess at the entrance checking room numbers and surnames, cannot be considered as a public restaurant, the hotel manager totally out of context DARED TO ASK my mother’s nationality. When I told him that she is Turkish, he became more hardliner and said he would not accept liability at all.I wrote a five page letter to their insurance company and reported the incident with Holiday Inn’s holding company IHG and found that the hotel is independently owned and operated under a trademark licensing agreement. I believe that this is the reason behind this mess in this hotel. Hence, not to mention the poor quality of the hotel, if you do not want to get robbed and get insulted and discriminated DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL.	
Jan 22 2008 	Ok hotel	We stayed at the Holiday Inn for 2 nights before an organised tour, on arrival after a 15 hour flight we were told we could not book in early as we 'thought' we had pre-arranged. So we left our bags at reception and returned later that evening, it was a quick walk to the russell square station and a cheap breakfast place down the road (3 pounds for cooked breaky). On arrival back at the hotel we were given our room key/card and made our way up we were on the side of the hotel that overlooked Royal mail, which was ok but we had an annoying street light outside of our room. The hallway to the room stank of cigarettes as did our room so much that i constantly sneezed and felt ill from it.Breakfast in the hotel is a waste of money and was quite disgusting for the price.	
Jan 13 2008 	Not a great experience.	Just spent a weekend at this hotel. It looks good from the outside but it all goes downhill after that! The rooms are very basic, there is no minibar, no tea/coffee making in room, no products in the bathroom except a soap dispenser, the cheapest of toilet paper, towels very worn, no feeling of luxury whatsoever. It is just a place to bed down for the night. The breakfast was very poor, no fresh fruit, no muesli, no saucers for the cups, definitely do not pay extra for breakfast here, it is a disappointment. One good thing I will say, the staff at the concierge desk are exceptional, so friendly, helpful and charming. It's a pity they don't pass it on to their colleagues at the reception who are very frosty and couldn't care less. It's not a great location either, quite a walk or a bus ride to the tube station at Kings Cross. No, you can do a lot better than this, I for one will not be going back.	
Jan 4 2008	Nice hotel and near St Pancras station	We recently spent one night in this hotel, which is a 15 minute walk to St. Pancras (Kings Cross) station in London. We chose it because we had an early Eurostar departure. The rooms were nice and the staff were above average. The hotel charged a lot for internet access (typical for Europe). This was a very nice, above average hotel that was quite reasonably priced compared to other hotels in the area.	
Dec 14 2007	Not in a Good Location	We stayed at this hotel for one night, having got it for £120 through Priceline. It is a typical Holiday Inn, but fairly basic, witnessed by the lack of any toiletries in the bathroom. There were a couple of hairs in the bath too. I opened the mini bar and it was empty, except for a large pool of water that proceeded to seep out onto the carpet. However, the worst thing about this hotel is its location. It is in a rather seedy area, and a long walk from Kings Cross, just past a massage parlour. Had I known its location, I don't think I would have stayed here. Coming back late at night, we got a taxi (2 ladies together) as we were rather nervous about the area, and I'm certainly not the nervous type normally! Would not stay here again.	
Dec 13 2007 	Overpriced	This hotel, trading under the Holiday Inn flag, is very expensive given that it is located in one of the really rough parts of Kings Cross. It is really a hotel owned by a (Lebanese?) gent, who uses one of the four parking spaces to permanently garage his Aston martin under covers. Nice touch - pay top whack to stay in my hotel and fund my smart car - but don't expect to park.Inside, the place actually has the decor and atmosphere of a middle-eastern hotel - a fact exacerbated by the lack of any staff who speak English! The hotel restaurant also has a middle-eastern theme.The rooms are fine, if small, and the bar is what you might expect. Long, long walk to public transport, and not through the nicer parts of the city.	
Dec 7 2007 	Convenience	Stayed here for one night.Very calm hotel (away from the public rooms) - allocated corner room on 2nd Floor. TV had one sports channel. Decor contemporary and above average, excellent shower, mini bar stocked. Bed very comfortable and warm. Well soundproofed. A really good stay. Very clean.	
Nov 30 2007 	Give this hotel a miss	Just returned from a business trip to London, staying one night at Holiday inn, Kings Cross. First bad experience- very easy to get lost even following directions on hotel web site. Not nice area of kings Cross, and hotel is good 20 minute walk from Rail station and tube.Non existent welcome at reception on arrival, no advice on general or room facilities. Dropped luggage off and went out until late evening. On return, couldn't sleep due to flat hard pillows. Next morning, bleary eyed, found notice by television offering alternative pillows- why not put decent ones on bed in first place? Also when I looked inside pillow case, they were very discoloured with dry sweat stains- Yuk. On finding out breakfast wasn't included in the charge of £180 plus vat per night, decided to make a cup of tea and have a biccie. Surprise, surprise, extortionate room rate apparently doesn't include pack of biscuits ( or shampoos etc).All in all, felt ripped off, and angry that hotel is rated 4 star.	
Nov 27 2007	Nice room but too expensive!!!	The good:Nice room. They also watched our bags while we went out for the day. Great food nearby. I highly recommend: Smooth Juice (on the way to the train station)The bad:Charged me about $5 for each time I used my calling card from the room! (Note: use the pay phone in the basement.) You have to pay to use the gym. No free breakfast. It's about a 20-minute walk to the train station. The room was just unreasonably expensive!!!!	
Nov 24 2007 	Nothing has changed service is still poor.	I've stay in this hotel a couple of times in the past and always found the service to be poor, so as the holiday inn bloomsbury was full I booked in again hoping it had improved. Bad choose, hotel was just the same, waited over 1 hours for room service and ended up having to cancel it. Rooms are ok but it a bit of a walk from the tube but sadly the service always lets this hotel down.	
Nov 7 2007 	Hot and stuffy	Normal holiday inn decor and pleasant service. On arrival the put-me-up sofa bed was already erected in the room filling most of the free space. This was a pain to have to pack away and is not easy to fold. The second irritant was that the windows where sealed shut and the air con failed to cool the room to a comfortable temperature for sleeping despite being in November. A sticker on the window said this was due to fire regulations, this I doubt as I stayed in the Southampton Holiday Inn, in August, two floors higher and their windows opened !.	
Oct 24 2007 	"no you're meant to sleep in the same single bed"	We stayed one night at the 'Kings Cross' Holiday Inn. I mean 'Kings Cross' in the same way that people say Manchester is 'up north' - it's vaguely in the right place, but there's a big difference.It took about 10-15 minutes walk to get there, and not along a particularly nice route. If I were to do it again, I'd get a taxi from the train station. And I'd suggest you do too.On arrival I waited at the bar for my friends to arrive before booking in. The bar wasn't open... but luckily I had my mobile phone on me so I could mock my friends who were still trying to find the hotel after also arriving at Kings Cross Station.WIthout much trouble we booked in - our twin room was as expected: tv already on to give us a welcome notice and air conditioning blaring away (presumably wiping any benefit to our carbon footprint that we'd try to keep to a mininum through train travel). Other than that it was clean, well laid out and comfortable.Our friends, however, were having a different experience. They had booked for three people sharing one room. They'd assumed there would be 2 single beds and a pull-out sofa bed. But their room was identical to ours (i.e. just a twin room). When asking at reception we were rudely dismissed and told to take it up with the website who we'd booked it with. As it was far too late for that they were forced to 'bunk up' - 2 people sharing a single bed. Nice.Checking out was brief - just a grunt from the reception staff to acknowledge we were finally leaving. We didn't have a chance to try the catering facilities but the dining area appeared organised and clean.All in all, despite the rooms being up to standard, the service certainly wasn't. The distance from Kings Cross to the hotel was vastly understated. In the future I would prefer to try some of the hotels closer to train station - of which there are many.	
Oct 22 2007 	A good hotel if you get the right price...	Paying the right price is, as with any property, what makes this a good stay! My brother-in-law is a Holiday Inn Premium Card-holder and, so, the overnight stay was £57; excellent value. Particularly, as he had a smaller room for the same money whereas the in-laws had a much bigger room. The full English breakfast is substantial; buffet-style and staff very helpful. It was nice to see details of a Keralan festival about to be celebrated by the hotel. For those requiring car-parking, there is a NCP facility about 200 metres away which seems to cost £6.50 per day at the weekend and £8 during the week.	
Oct 11 2007 	Found it very mediocre	yes, the location is convenient to King's Cross tube station, but i didn't have a particularly good experience there. i wouldn't stay there again.i found everything to be mediocre. From the check in: they didn't know anything about the event i was attending there the next day - NO one could help me! to the stay: in my room unbeknownst to me the plugs weren't working, and in the morning i couldn't make tea or blow dry my hair. Mentioning this at check out (they didn't ask how my stay was) they gave a very limp apology, but didn't offer any thing to incentivize me to stay again; such as a bit off the bill.at check out: in addition there was a trainee on at a very busy check out time in the morning - and it made the Qs even longer because the individual wasn't really experienced...The food in the main restaurant was so totally average and bland ... wish i had chose the indian restaurant - or had ventured out. The restaurant staff were very courteous - but demented with taking room service calls as well!	
Oct 6 2007 	Better than most I have stayed in in London	Stayed for two nights 1st Oct 07 and 2nd Oct 07 paid £125.00 per night inc. Full English+Ve - Very pleasant hotel, seemingly well maintained and reasonably modern. Two large restaurants one of which serves Indian food. Nice spacious bar area with good service. Rooms are of a typical size, basic but adequate. Toiletries, again basic but adequate. Ate in the Indian restaurant on first night and the food and service was impeccable - nothing was too much trouble.-Ve - usual uncommunicative, uncheerful staff on check-in and check-out ( I have simply come to accept this in any hotel nowadays - never ceases to amaze me! - I always remind them that they are working in the 'people business')Location is not brilliant as ten minute walk to various tube stations, and at night I would not want to be walking around this area on my own as it get quite quiet and 'deserted'. Cabs not that easy to get from here. Had to walk 200m into Greys Inn Road to get a cab.Lifts are a nightmare - incredibly slow even though there are three of them.Breakfast always seemed to be very busy, queues (lines) most mornings. Given a ticket for a cooked breakfast which you must hand in at the hot buffet - this caused a few arguments when I was there with those who didn't have a ticket but helped themselves to a fried egg!Breakfast food not brilliant - overcooked and of poor quality, but hey, it's a Holiday Inn not the Waldorf. Toasting machine up in tight corner which caused difficulties and as usual you had to put the bread through several times to get toast.All things considered it was a lot better than most of the hotels that I have stayed in in London - but I think the Holiday Inn is okay for a couple of nights on business but not for the visitor as I think its location lets it down.	
Sep 25 2007	Good location good service	My husband and I stayed at this hotel as part of a tour group. The location was great in that there were 3 Tube stations walking distance from the hotel. But we found it easier to catch taxis or walk when sightseeing.The hotel room was nice enough, nothing special but very clean. My husband enjoyed using the gym facilties although their indoor pool is quite small and not good for laps.Service staff and reception staff were always friendly.	
Sep 19 2007	Very Comfortable	Stayed one night. The hotel was clean and comfortable. 10 minutes walk from Kings Cross station. No fault found with hotel or service.	
Sep 1 2007 	Great Value	Paid £160 for 2 nights on a special offer rate.... £80 a night in central London was amazing!Despite paying so little they upgraded me, when asked, to an executive room despite trying to persuade me otherwise.The room was a corner room that was probably used as a lounge to another ajoining room for families as the bed was actually a sofa! However it was comfy enough and the huge room with views of a distant St Pauls compensated for the small tv and sofa bed.+veLocation in the centre of London, 2 miles from Regent Park &amp; less from the City.Vibrant local bars and restaurants in Clerkenwell RoadChoice of 2 undergrounf stations on multiple lines8th floor and the shower was still good, not often the case in London hotels-vecar parking, especially the managers car dumped right outside10 minutes walk to nearest tube station	
Aug 28 2007 	Had expected better	Arrived at the hotel after along walk from the station. Given card key to our room to discover it only had one bed. With two young children this was unacceptable especially as we had booked a room with two beds. Spoke with reception who were most unhelpful but reluctantly agreed to move us to a double room. The room itself was okay but somewhat dated. The bathroom was very worn and had mould all over the mastic around the bath. Who has a shower curtain these days ?? The breakfast was regimented and busy. The sausages were processed, the bacon was burnt and the bread rolls were hard. The toasting machine was stuck in a tight corner causing major congestion should you require a piece of toast. We found the staff to be cold and unwelcoming with no 'thankyou' or goodby' when we checked out. I guess they wanted us out so they could get the next guests in...........The hotel is not central to the attractions especially when you have two young children to drag around with you. Believe me it can be exhausting even if you do resort to the tube. Anyway, loved London itself....	
Aug 26 2007 	Recommended - Good VAlue	Friends recommended this and we were pleased. I was there with my 9 year old twins, my husband being work bound, and it was pleasant and compatible with a single mom situation. Room was clean, comfortable, and looked out on a very pleasant parklike playground of a private school. Pool was a major asset with the kids - althought they aren't allowed in after 8pm, which was not convenient since often that was when we were available.We thought the included English breakfast buffet was fine - a nice selection of hot and cold items, and a large and nicely appointed dining room - not sure what level of attention or fawning people are expecting fom a buffet since it is by definition self service, but staff were ever present and we were always seated promptly.There is a kid friendly lounge where you can order tea for them along with a glass of wine after a long day - still takes getting used to being able to bring kids into a bar!Location wise - the Kings Cross and Russell Square stations are a 10 minute walk, which was always doable, but on two nights when we tubed it home after 10pm it was a long quiet walk through residential areas, and I was grateful for the anonymous company of noisy Greek tourists walking a few steps ahead. However, cabs always came within a few minutes to the hotel when we needed them - staff puts on a light outside to signal and tehy do appear.Front desk staff was mixed - depended who was on. A couple of very helpful people - showed us on a map where to walk, and were proactive about laptop and tech connection issues. Then there were a few who English or a customer service ethic was a real challenge and said &quot;Ask someone else' or one wise guy who said - 'Just keep walking that way you'll find it' instead of taking out a map as requested for us or being more specific.However, overall I felt we got what we increasingly find is the good value we get as a family from the 'new' Holiday Inn. We'd stay again.	
Aug 24 2007	acceptable for the money! £0	on the board over reception it says 'double room tariff - £190'. now let me tell you, if we had paid that i would have been crying in my cornflakes!we booked this through am ex as a freebie...and thats as good as it gets. the hotel is your typical holiday inn, travel lodge blah, blah, blah...you get what it say's on the tin. acceptable room, adequate in every way, and no more.but if people are really paying £190 for this standard, well i would be amazed, i think the management have put that there to make you think 'what a great deal i got over the phone / internet'for a nights stay its fine, and just down the road there are a couple of great boozers. but for anything else....?cheers, sparky	
Aug 11 2007 	Deceptive Branding	The hotel is not very close to either of the 2 stations (king's cross or farringdon) it is located between. so it makes for an inconvinient stay connections -wise. the reception can be rude on arrival especially on busy hours - there is no bell boy facility here. finally, the staff at the continental breakfast hall is disinterested at best, with guests in the busy morning hours. otherwise, the housekeeping is cordial and does a good job. rooms are comfortable and beds are great!	
Jul 24 2007	Okay experience better sound proofing required?	I booked this hotel for a weekend away of shopping, theatres and restaurants. The hotel is close to Kings Cross and Euston stations, 10-15 mins, but probably further than you would want to walk with luggage. Our taxi from Euston was about £10.Our room was spacious with two double beds as requested, and nice decor. The bathroom looked a bit faded compared to the room, but was okay.There is a pool plus jacuzzi, steam room and sauna, as well as a gym. There is a £2.50 charge for the use of these facilities.If you want to head to Oxford Street, the Central Line is about 15mins walk away.We only ate breakfast in the hotel, and felt that was a bit pricey (approx £13) for what is was. A local cafe was recommended to us as a better option by a local cabbie.Our main gripe was the level of soundproofing, or the volume allowed in the function rooms. On Saturday night we were kept awake on the 4th floor by the base of the music in the basement function rooms! Eventually the volume was turned down, but if you had an early start the next day, you wouldn't have been very happy.Overall, an average hotel in an average location.	
Jul 23 2007 	Okay Stay	We booked this hotel as 4 - star, but it is really a 3 - star or less.Our family of 4 stayed in the Holiday Inn - Mayfair the week before, and got much, much, much more for our money. Sadly, they were booked out on our return trip to London. The Check - In staff simply gave the key cards with no introduction to the hotel layout and services. However, the room was clean and inviting. We tried 5 times over two days to get wash cloths/ face rags and just gave up. Housekeeping never answered the phones and the concierge brought the wrong things repeatedly.The continental breakfast was basic, and the English breakfast was not worth the extra 6 pounds. The little shop in the lobby is overpriced. The location is not within the main tourist area of London. The 63 bus takes you to King's Cross Tube Station (2 - 3 mins.) or you can walk (10 - 15 mins.)The bottom line is, this is a clean basic place to stay, but don't expect any frills. Not even a security safe in the room.	
Jul 15 2007 	Not value for money	We had booked (And paid for) a triple room but were only had 2 beds and were left 2 cups, 2 sets of towels etc so it is hard to see what we paid the extra for??!This was not a cheap one night stay and we were very disappointed. We will not be returning to this hotel.	
Jul 14 2007 	Service Please	Staff mostly struggle with understanding basic English. The whole hotel smells of curry due to the curry house on the ground floor. I stayed for eight nights and found problems were never solved to my satisfaction and the staff could clearly not care less.I stay at Holiday Inns as the experience is usually good, but I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 14 2007 	decent hotel	i stayed in this hotel for a couple of nights while on work business. It is about 10 mins on foot away from Kings Cross station but a black cab only cost me £3.80. 10 mins is not far but far enough if you have luggage.The hotel is quite large, clean and friendly enough. The rooms are quite spacious and have sky television. I was lucky enough to get a free upgrade to an executive room on the 8th floor which also had a living area. It had a king size bed (which is one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in). You even get a turn down at night and chocolates on your pillow. Bathroom was of average size and provided robes and slippers.Breakfast was fine, no complaints.Surrounding area is ok also. There are quite a few local pubs that sell pub food at reasonable prices. One in particular is about 2/3 minutes walk around the corner (colthorpe road, I think) prices are very reasonable.I don ot have any complaints or grumbles about this hotel at all and I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 9 2007	Very nice hotel	Stayed here before and after my England, Ireland tour. It was very nice and clean. The rooms were very nice, beds were great. Staff was very helpful. We left for the airport at 5 am,so they packed us a breakfast to go.If you want to go to a great pub, the Union Tavern across the street is lovely. It had great atmosphere, great food at a fair price and the staff was wonderful. We went there 3 times.I would stay here again.	
Jul 8 2007 	okay	we were on a girls weekend away - we knew the rooms would not be ready when we arrived which was fine - but when we did checkin there were problems whe got to the rooms when we realised we didnot have enough towels and pillows tried to phone to get extra but no one answered for ten minutes so gave up - the noise was ubelievable during the night and we didnot take breakfast as at £14.00 i thought it was a rip off.	
Jul 1 2007 	A Clean Place To Stay	We booked our stay here through Kayak.com, and it suited our needs. We were looking for a place in London proper to minimize traveling back-and-forth to our hotel. The place itself is a clean, well-kept facility. The staff wasn't rude, but neither did they seem eager to go out of their way for us either. The room was somewhat narrow and tight for two adults and our 12-year-old daughter, but we made do. The bathroom was well-kept, and our beds were made in a timely manner. My biggest issue with this place was its' location relative to necessary stuff. There is a bus stop nearby (for the 63 bus) which can get you going in the right direction, but until you get passes or tickets it can be tough going. Kings Cross underground station is about a 10 minute walk - not exactly nearby in my opinion. Also, the neighborhood on a Saturday night was a bit tough - lots of drunks and lots of bars, so do travel the streets carefully here. And whatever you do, find places other than the hotel restaurant to eat - a HUGE hit to the wallet for the most basic items. So overall, a decent place to stay for the price - just be prepared.	
Jun 29 2007 	bad location for newbies	The hotel misrepresents its location. It's a long walk through a shady neighborhood. It's really far on the edge of Kings Cross and not really close to anything. Luckily if you share a cab with your travel companions the fare's not horribly pricey. We took a cab everywhere. The room was ok, compared to B&amp;B standards, but we were expecting much more from a &quot;4 star&quot; hotel and the name brand. but the bathroom was maudlin with flourescent lights that buzzed and flickered, and no toiletries (not even bars of soap!) which I'd expect from a Holiday Inn. Holiday Inn was heavily advertising its &quot;pillow menu&quot; (you call the desk and 'order' the exact type of pillow you wish) but we were told they were &quot;out&quot; of them. The concierge seemed friendly enough but gave us incomplete directions and information more than once. (on how to get to the hotel from Kings Cross station, and where to go to catch the hop on-hop off double decker bus, of all things) Maybe he's given out the information so often he loses track.One thing I will say, this hotel has one of the nicest pool/fitness centers I've ever seen at a hotel in this range. But London visitors probably aren't looking for a swim!	
Jun 11 2007 	Excellent location for a London weekend	Stayed for three nights and whilst the hotel experience was not fantastic (problem with the key card to some rooms) the location near to kings cross tube and it is only a 20 minute walk to the west ends shopping facilities is good and the Concierge recommendations were very good. Right from the excellent food at the pub over the road the Union to the charming ltalian restarant off Oxford Street and the recommendations for viewing the sights at the best times to avoid some of the ques. Good time had by all....	
May 10 2007 	Tourist Trap with good Indian Restaurant	The Holiday Inn Kings Cross/Bloomsbury (not to be confused with Holiday Inn Bloomsbury) is about a 15min walk from Kings Cross Station, or, if you have an Oyster card take the No. 63 bus to the Mount Pleasant stop.I've stayed there a few times on business trips, when other locations close to client unavailable. Rooms are in need of refurbishment and some are a bit dingy, you can get better value elsewhere. Room service/hotel restaurant has limited choice and is expensive and sometimes poorly cooked, once had a burger that was uncooked. Breakfast is expensive but reasonable quality and a help yourself buffet. Some good cafes nearby.If you want to eat at the hotel, try the attached Indian Restaurant which is very good. Also the Union Tavern opposite is cheaper and offers very good food. Check-in/out can be slow at peak times. Staff generally helpful. Avoid using the internal shop, things are very overpriced, e.g. a London A-Z with RRP scratched out offered at 3x normal retail price.	
Apr 25 2007 	Excellent hotel -	We stayed at this hotel for a weekend away. We stay in London alot and this has to be our favourite so far. It is lovely and clean. The staff are helpful in the bar &amp; restaurant. The breakfast buffet is brilliant. The room was a really big and clean. It has great leisure facilities inc a pool - which unfortunately we did not get time to use.The only downside is that the tube station is a 15 minute walk which if you have heavy cases is a pain. So just get a taxi. We alos ended up getting a taxi to the centre for about £15.We will definatley stay again. Oh and we found much cheaper offers direct on the hotel website.	
Apr 24 2007 	Excellent room but a bit noisy	Stayed here during the weekend of the London Marathon but even though the hotel was very full, I was upgraded to a Business Suite as I'm a frequent traveler. Lovely room, very large (for London) with a small seating area and a very large bathroom. Even had a bit of a view of St Pancras station from the 6th floor window. The bed was very comfortable and the 'pillow menu' was loads of fun.The hotel staff are friendly and helpful if a little overworked. The fresh mango in the breakfast buffet was an amazing touch to help ease the sting of £14 for a breakfast. The hotels location simply cannot be faulted as so much is within walking distance or a short tube ride.Only flaw would be the pub that's a across from the front of the hotel can get a little noisy on a warm night. But that's partly my fault as I like to leave the window open for fresh air at night, there are double windows to close which will neutralise the sound.	
Apr 8 2007	Fabulous breakfast!	My husband and I stayed here as part of a group from our college traveling. Our room was very clean, and though a bit small compared to American hotel rooms, we had plenty of room. I believe we had a standard double. Our showers were always hot, and the bathroom was very nice-sized.Front desk staff were very friendly. The lobby was very nice and did have several pay phones available to use phone cards for calling home. The breakfast was wonderful! It was set up buffet style with all of the English standards, plus french toast, pancakes, and fruit. The breakfast room was very clean and large enough that we never felt crowded. There was a bar and pool/fitness area there, but we never used them.The hotel is about a 10 minute walk from King's Cross station. It can be a bit hard to find without a map, so be sure to pick one up! The hotel gave us an awesome map for free, and I'll probably use the same one when I go back this summer. There is also a bus stop in front of the hotel.We always felt safe in the area. We spent several nights enjoying one of the many pubs in the area, and felt fine walking late at night.	
Mar 23 2007 	Clean hotel.	This hotel was booked for a romantic break in london,once at the hotel we checked in but the main problem was that the staff all seemed to speak very little english.The location of the hotel was not that good,if the hotel was in a good area then its not a problem but this is not a good area and with a 20 min walk to the tube you really dont want to go out at night.On the plus side the room was cleaned to a very good standard.I know i sound negative but i have really mixed fellings about this hotel so this might help you! If you want to see the sights during the day with the family then this is cheap and ideal but if you want to see london by night then go more central.	
Mar 10 2007	Treated us well	We booked into the Hotel for a theatre trip on a Saturday night with two rooms one double one twin for ourselves and our adult offspring car park avaialable at £20. Rooms were ready at midday so we were able to freshen up before the early show. Taxi to Covent Garden £7 for the four of us, walked back after show in25 mins, Rooms were clean, bedding was clean staff were all very helpful breakfast was good with only a short wait at 9.15 Sunday morning.Would use the Hotel again for the same purpose!!!	
Jan 31 2007	Not a good location	Hotel not to bad, but location not very good. If you want to stay in this area, try the other Holiday Inn in Bloomsbury it is closer to a subway station (russel square) &amp; closer to the shops.	
Jan 20 2007 	First and last visit	Made the mistake of booking this hotel without checking out prior reviews - BIG mistake! Location - 15 minutes walk from KK station, in a suspicious looking area, with nothing remotely interesting in close vicinity. Front desk staff were disinterested and passive. Room was drab, dull and totally unappealing. When I entered the room, the heater was turned up and the room resembled a finnish sauna. Couldn't turn it down and had to ask for assistance, which took about half an hour and barely helped. The price of internet access was high, even compared to the high London average.At the ridiculous price I paid, I could have, and should have, booked a room at other, far better hotels near the station.	
Jan 8 2007 	Take your own pillows!	Myself, wife &amp; two young children stayed at this Holiday Inn for three nights during the busy Christmas break.First the negative points of the hotel.... One evening we had dinner in the hotel via room service (big mistake!) the food quality was by far the worst I have ever had. Reformed poor quality chicken, cheap Big Bob's Bread sandwiches complete with no flavour grisly ham and a whopping bill to finish off - if you do anything in this hotel please DON'T eat from the evening menu (saying that, the breakfast was superb!). The maid came every morning (aprox 9am-11am) and never made the beds properly. She just gave the room a quick tidy up. The pillows are very small, hard &amp; uncomfortable. They must know this as there was a 'pillow menu' in our room offering various other types of pillow and stating that our comfort is there number one priority. So after a almost sleepless night we requested four softer pillows (one for each guest). Within minutes there was a knock at the door and we received just one pillow! We complained and was told that due to a high demand they have run out of pillows, apparently, this often happens at busy periods. If this is a regular occurrence surely a manager with half a brain would realise that the current pillows are not good enough and need replacing or would order more pillows? The bar area is small &amp; drinks are expensive.Now for the good points.... We opted for the traditional British breakfast (kids under 12 eat free) &amp; what a breakfast it was! A good variety of cereal, cooked food &amp; fruit. It was that good and plentiful we often didn't need to eat lunch! We had breakfast between 8am &amp; 9am and always got a table no hassle, however, there was always a long queue but this was for the Continental breakfast so it's wise to go to the front of the queue to tell the host which type of breakfast you are having that way you may not have to wait unnecessarily. The leisure facilities are okay and not bad value at £2.50. The hotel staff were always very pleasant &amp; friendly.Also, in previous reviews people recommended the Union Tavern pub across the road for families and cheap food. Unfortunately, it has recently changed hands and has tried to go up-market. No children's menu, just one standard menu &amp; they now add a 10% service charge. Nothing really spectacular on the menu and food quality was average &amp; not worth the BIG increase in price. Also didn't have any bacon for the burgers but still tried to charge us for it! Staff are friendly though. If you turn right out of the hotel after a five minute walk bear left at the second set of lights you come to a street full of restaurants (Italian, Indian, Greek) and even a Subway if you require a snack. Or if you fancy that old British favourite &quot;fish &amp; chips&quot; there is a excellent chippy - when you get to the second set of lights go straight ahead &amp; it's just on the left. It looks as though it hasn't been redecorated for a few years but the food quality is excellent (never judge a book by its cover).Although the hotel is off the beaten track the public transport network is good. Bus no.63 stops 50yds outside the hotel which takes you to Kings Cross where you can jump on the tube. We purchased a Oyster pay-as-you-go card which cost £3 (refundable deposit) and gave us reduced rate travel on the buses &amp; tube (almost adult half fare &amp; kids under 14 are free!!) so I strongly recommend the Oyster card as you can put as much or little pre-paid credit on as you like.We paid £300 for a three night stay (inc breakfast) which I thought was reasonable and just about value for money &amp; will more than likely stay there again in the future but will take my own pillows ;-)	
Jan 8 2007 	Below par for 4 star	Just not up the mark for a 4 star, a dull and tired Holiday Inn which is badly in the need of a makeover. 12 min walk to Russell Square tube station over a safe and pleasant route. Bus stops outside hotel bring you north to King's Cross tube / rail station or south to Blackfriars tube / railway.15 min walk from hotel to King's cross. Featureless gloomy neighbourhood around hotel, not much in the way of restaurants, although the Italian 'Mediterraneo' about 10 mins walk north towards Kings Cross is not bad, food is nice and staff are friendly. King's Cross is 'colourful' at night, ie a bit spooky and sleazy. Much better to get a taxi back towards Covent Garden for a restaurant meal at night.Breakfast room is boring and featureless, however the buffet continental breakfast isn't bad, if a bit chaotic and disorganised; if you get it as part of your rate, take it. Didnt try the english cooked breakfast, but there are 2 traditional english pubs across the road which serve the same for a small fraction of the hotel's price.Reception and waiting staff are friendly and pleasant, but dont look highly motivated. Room was small, in need of redecoration and dull. Poor range of TV channels, small bathroom, quite old fashioned. Windows are bolted shut, no fresh air, room was too warm and stuffy, air conditioning didnt work. Hard to get a decent night's sleep in that environment.Overall, you could do much better for the money than this hotel: theres a Travelodge (Farringdon) right across the street that is probably better and cheaper if you need to stay in this area. My advice would be to try to find something similar further west around Russell square or Euston, closer to west end and dining / cafes etc.	
Dec 29 2006 	Cheap and cheerful	OK - The location is not ideal, but it is a 2 minute walk to Grays Inn Rd and a bus route to central London. Go to the newsagents across the road to buy a travel card. The shopkeeper is superb, and a great example to big corporations in customer service.Leisure facilities are good. Adequate sized pool. Breakfast can be a scrum on weekends. There are different grades of breakfast - buffet and full English. You need to have a meal ticket to get the English.Overall cheap and cheerful and would use again.	
Dec 27 2006 	bit of a walk	this hotel is a 20 minute walk from kings cross not ideal in the rain. the check in staff was helpfull the hotel is over priced for what you get and. the bar prices are a joke. and if you dont speak english the breakfast could be fun one is free and one is not ?overall you can get the same hotel for a lot less i would not stop there again.	
Dec 1 2006 	Very Happy	We recently spent 5 days and 4 nights at the Holiday Inn Kings Cross. We found the Location and the Hotel itself very well suited to what we were going to do in London. Contrary to what another reviewer posted about the street we never felt threatened or in danger. There are two excellent pubs within a block of the hotel with great beer and food. the staff at the Hotel went out of their way to help us with directions and getting our late luggage to us that United failed to get on our flight from Dulles.	
Nov 25 2006	Be careful of the location !!	Just a note for any tourists.. if you are looking for a hotel to walk to from Kings Cross.. choose another one !! ( Eg the excellent Novotel which is perfectly situated ). This Holiday inn is located quite a long walk from Kings Cross..in an undesirable direction, down a road which is a little worrying to walk along by day, and certainly not a good prospect at night. There are far better locations in better parts of town than this !!	
Nov 17 2006 	Objectively it's fine but somehow misses the mark	A business colleague and I spent one night here. The rooms were booked by our company, and so when I checked in I gave in my priority club details, which seemed to extend the check in process by about 5 minutes. On entering the hotel we were greeted by the smell of the swimming pool - not unpleasant, but not really welcoming. The rooms themselves were adequte. The mini bars were empty and the room guide in my room contained only two pages, one of which was in German - my colleague had a full set of pages. The swimming pool was small but adequate, but the changing rooms felt in need of refurbishment. Good breakfast, but there were signs all over the hotel predicting huge queues for breakfast and asking guests to be patient if this happened (which it didn't). Slightly out of the way location. Check out was very efficient. It is hard to pinpoint exactly why this hotel failed to impress - possibly a little more attention to detail by the staff might improve matters.	
Oct 30 2006 	Hlaf term break	On Friday we arrived at Kings Cross at 11 am, we went straight to the hotel via a taxi (£3.60), our room was ready, so we had a snack and hit the town. Meeting up with cousins in Covent Garden, having a seven year old son with us, and prepaying our evening meal we were in a hurry to get back. Ha, ha, ha... We were given very nice menus, but as we had prepaid, we were given other menu choices... Risotto, Fish and chips or Lasagne... I chose the fish, and I live to regret it. The fish was overcooked, hard, tasteless and full of bones, the worst meal ever cooked. I was asked what was wrong and when I told the waiter, he said thanks and that he would pass on my comments to the chef. That was it! Obviously, we didn't go back to the restaurant after that!!!The breakfasts are fabulous, the bacon is to die for, as are the sausages. Only bad point with the breakfast is a personal one. I have lost 5.5 stones on Cambridge diet, but ended up putting on 8pounds with the breakfasts. Tasty but true. Go and use the HI, but be aware that it is out of the way and taxis are expensive, Russell street is about 8 minutes walk, turn right and right again out of the hotel and easy to get to. It must have other access apart from the 175 steps, as I would have remembered fighting them!Don't bother with the Original Tour Buses, they are a rip off, the blue route doesn't run, and the yellow bus goes out of service. A complete waste of money in my opinion	
Oct 30 2006	Comfortable but nothing special	I stayed here for two nights with my son for a football trip. The hotel was booked and paid for by the club. But when we arrived was told we couldn’t check in until we produced a credit card, even though the room was paid for, we at to wait until the remainder of our party arrived and the club credit card produced. The 6 rooms they allocated where all smoking rooms and had one double bed, seeing none of us smoked or had wives or partners with us this seemed a strange thing to do. Anyway we eventually got moved to non smoking rooms and two double beds. The hotel itself is quite comfortable and the facilities are what you would expect for a 4* hotel. The walk to Kings Cross station is about 15-20 minutes and then you have another 5 -10 minute walk to actually get to the underground through tunnels and stairs, might be better going to Russell Square or Angel tube stations. We never used the hotel restaurant for breakfast, at £15 each we used the café across the road a full English breakfast cost £4. We also used the Union Tavern pub across the road for dinner one night, the atmosphere was excellent and the food wasn’t bad either, well worth a visit. Overhaul not a bad hotel, I am not if I would choose to stay here again, this is not based on the hotel itself or the mix up at check in more on the location to the tube stations.	
Oct 27 2006	Not Recommended!	I chose this hotel for a short half term break - 2 adults and 2 young children. I wanted to be in Central London and this IS ok location wise although a good 15 -20 minute walk to the tube at Russell Square where there is 175 steps and no lift!I booked this Hotel over the net then rang their phone line to check out a few points. I was assurred that although breakfast was not included in the booking made I could buy breakfast there - 2 adult breakfasts would entitle the children to eat free. I checked this out with a further phone call just before travelling. It did not happen -the hotel wanted me to pay full rate for 4 breakfasts. When I took it up with the Manager he did not even bother to get back to me. The Receptionists and Manager were simply not interested in helping. We did not eat in the Hotel -my little girl eats very little for breakfast and I was expected to pay a fortune for that. I thought Holiday Inn was supposed to be child friendly!The bedroom was ok but there was a filthy towel in the bathroom which I had to get changed. The beds had some awful stains- I would not like to say what was on them! The furniture was also horribly sticky. The cleaning staff are not too thorough although they knocked on the door to 'do' the room when we were still in bed!I cannot believe this is supposed to be a quality Hotel. It really was so average, not clean and staff not helpful. My advice would be try to find somewhere else!	
Oct 23 2006 	Dissapointed	This was an awful hotel, the man over the phone said he had dealt with all the payment on the credit card and we just had to turn up. When we got their they hadn't recieved the booking we had to make a last min booking which was £200. But they wouldn't accept cash.The room was average very small, the swimming pool was tiny full of children. The only good thing about the stay was the restaurant the staff were really nice.Definatly wouldn't stay in a Holiday Inn again was very dissapointed as my husband worked hard all week and we were looking forward to this weekend away for a long time.	
Oct 2 2006 	Comfy beds	We only stayed one night for a theatre break and found the hotel perfect for our needs.Arriving into Kings X we got a cab to the hotel - this costed £4.40. Then from the hotel a short walk brings you to the Exmouth market area and the bus stops. Bus no. 38 takes about 8 minutes to get you to Tottenham Court Road.Our room at the hotel was on the Exec level - so I am not sure how this differs, but the room was immaculately decorated - and quite tastefully by hotel standards! We had a large double bed, small partition with sofa area. The room as quite small but perfectly adequate for an overnight bag. The bed was fantastic, sooo comfortable.One gripe with the room - why oh why don't hoteliers lose the Trouser Press and replace them with an iron and ironing board?We didn’t use the hotel restaurants; instead we walked back to Kings X (10 mins) and called into a small cafe for breakfast, where you can get a good old British gut-buster of a breakfast for £4.50!Would certainly use this hotel again as it is handy for both the centre and Kings X station.	
Sep 14 2006 	All and all average	Stayed here for 3 nights at the end of August. As with other peoples reviews, we found the room size okay, though certainly not large by USA standards. Room and bathroom clean, extra toiletries. Trouser press, the usual for a business traveler. However there wasn't an inroom safe, though we had no problems with our valuables, (no five finger discounts by the maid staff). We had a package that included a continental breakfast, which was fine. Fresh fruits, yogarts, rolls, cheese, again the usual.The English breakfast appeared to be okay, though I suppose this too is a matter of taste. Beans, and toast for breakfast??? Let's just say, it isn't a New York thing. And no Bagels in sight!Seems quite a few tour operators book out this hotel. Which has some advantages. Should you be taking a day sightseeing tour, this Holiday Inn is one of the pickup locations. Alas, as stated by other reviewers, the location is a bit out of the way for the tube stops. Walking toward Kings Cross is a bit dodgey, Russell Square is the better option, especially if one is a woman and traveling solo. There are buses right outside the hotel, the #17 goes down by the Thames and near the tourist stops. All and all, we would say that the hotel, was okay. The public spaces (lobby, health club, bar) are showing a bit of wear, and considering this is a fairly new hotel, that was a tad dissapointing. Also, we arrived early Sunday morning and wasn't able to get an early check-in. They held our baggage for us, and we were able to freshin up in the health club. We did get a very nice room on the top floor, when we did check in. I attribute this to having emailed the hotel on my own ahead of time, even though we had booked through Gate 1 Travel. We would go back to this hotel? If it was in a better location, yes. But next time, we will look for a hotel in South Kensington. More to do, a lot more restaurants in the area. etc.	
Sep 11 2006	Below Average	The hotel is a little out of the way but in a pleasant largely residential area. Clean, bright and modern but our room was one of the smallest double rooms I have ever seen in a hotel and the air-conditioning was pretty useless. As the windows cannot be opened the room gets very warm and stuffy, even after dark. I would not recommend this hotel. there are other hotels nearby, eg Travel Lodge, which offer much better value.	
Aug 5 2006 	Great Hotel	We are at the hotel now for a 10 day stay. It's been wonderful. It's our first time to London and this has been a wonderful trip. The hotel staff could not be better. We arrived at the hotel about 2 hours before check in and we fully expected to wait. Surprise! they were expecting us and the room was ready. We selected two feather pillows from the &quot;pillow menu&quot; and really I didn't expect them until the next morning. We had them in about 5 mins. On Thurs. morning we needed to be at Waterloo station by 4:45 am. We enlisted the help of the concierge and asked if we could order a taxi the night before. He told us, honestly, that the taxis were rather unreliable and we should just ask at the desk the next day and they would get us one. He told us we should allow about 25 mins. to get there and it would cost about £10. We got to the station with time to spare and the price was £9. | don't know where all of this negativity was coming from. The AC is working better than I could have imagined. Will I stay here again? You betcha!	
Jun 29 2006 	Elicits few emotions	This hotel is adequate for the casual traveler. It was not quite easy walking distance from Kings Cross station with luggage -- you'd be better off taking a taxi or bus. The hotel room was in decent shape, and housekeeping did a good job with my room (I was there a week). The hotel's only restaurant serves Indian food, and breakfast fare did not seem to be a priority so I always brought food back to my room from a grocery and kept it in the mini fridge for the next morning. My floor (7th) had wireless internet and this was pricey at 12.95 Sterling per day. I'm not sure if other floors had web access or not.	
Jun 7 2006	Very Average	We booked on Lastminute and chose this hotel because of its price (£83 per night), location and the fact that you could have 3 adults in the room. The staff were pretty miserable and not very friendly. The room was clean and tidy and quite big but very stuffy - this isn't helped by the plastic mattress covers on the beds and not being able to open the windows. The housekeeping staff were attentive - we asked for extra towels and received them promptly. However they did knock on the door to clean our room at 8.20 am - so make sure you put the do not disturb sign on the door!We used the leisure facilities which are free to guests. They were fine but the pool is pretty small.We didn't have breakfast included in the price so we thought we might order it from reception - we soon changed our minds as the cost was £14 each! There are plenty of cafes and restuarants nearby where you can find reasonably priced meals.Probably wouldn't bother with this hotel again but it was ok - just nothing special!	
Jun 4 2006	Nice - but not well located....	I have recently stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. I booked a sofa and double room to enable me to accommodate 2 adults and a child. The room was a good size and the sofa bed comfortable for a child up to the age of 12. The rooms were clean but basic. The rooms are also air conditioned but you cannot open the windows. The rooms do not have a safe; if this service is required you will need to leave your items at reception in the hotel safe. Overall the hotel was average. The location of the hotel is not very central as the Kings Cross and Russell Square tube stations are over ten minutes by foot away from the hotel. In the past I have stayed at hotels within the Holborn area (i.e. Radisson etc). I personally find the Holborn hotels slightly more expensive, yet more central for leisure breaks to the capital.	
May 30 2006	Good value hotel	We chose this hotel after having read the reviews on Tripadvisor. The room we had was spacious, clean and had two nice big double beds, a seating area and a nice bathroom with bathtub. The little pool was a big sucess for our 7 year old son. After reading here about how it could get crowded, we opted for going to the pool around 10.30 and 11 am and had the pool mostly to ourselveslThe staff was friendly and helpful, although we did not get the extra towels we asked for until we contacted the cleaning personnel themselves. We had no problem understanding any of the staff.We tried the hotel restaurant (Indian part) one evening and wasn't very impressed, but there is a nice little pedestrian zone full of cafés and restaurants just up the road from the hotel.The distance to Kings Cross station is no problem and the public transport options around the hotel worked for us.The aircondition was up and running again when we were there, although I much prefer to be able to open the windows.	
May 16 2006	Make sure the air-conditioning works!	After having read the rather nice reviews the Holiday Inn Kings Cross received, we booked four nights. To a certain degree the reviews are quite candid. The hotel is clean and quiet. The pool made our eight-year-old daughter happy -- even though it costs extra and gets quite crowded. Breakfast was acceptable. Our rooms were available upon arrival even though we arrived early. We did, however, encounter some major problems. On the day of arrival, the weather was warm, pleasant, and springlike. It was not a heat wave. We immediately noticed that the room was quite stuffy and notified the front desk. We were informed that maintenance would take a look at the air-conditioner and the problem would be rectified. When we got back to the hotel in the evening, the air-conditioning was still not working. Since the windows cannot be opened for safety reasons, I once more ventured to the front desk. This time I was informed that maintenance had gone for the day, but a man would be sent up with a key to open the window. As the window could only be opened about 6 inches, the evening was unpleasantly hot.In the morning I once more complained to the front desk and requested a room with a working air-conditioner. I was duly shown another room, but this one, too, was stuffy and the air-conditioning ineffective. Once more I was told that maintenance would take a look at the air-conditioning in our room.At breakfast other guests complained about the lack of air-conditioning. Further talks with the front desk gradually revealed the truth. The air-conditioning had not been working for some days. On the evening of our second day, we were told that workers were going to fix a new pump and that the air-conditioning would work again shortly. But for the four nights of our stay there was no improvement. Thankfully, the weather changed and got cooler.In the end, after much complaining, the management did say they could transfer us to another Holiday Inn or give us a reduction on our bill because of the inconvenience. Nevertheless, it would have been far better had the front desk been truthful from the start. They could simply have informed us that the central air-conditioning for the whole hotel was out of order. It would have save us a lot of trouble and bother. We travel to London three to four times a year, and have stayed at other Holiday Inns in London. We won’t, however, be staying at the Holiday Inn Kings Cross.	
Apr 29 2006	Nice Rooms Reception not the best	This is a great hotel for London. Rooms are larger then most and more modern then many others for the price.Location is fine. Everyone mentions BUs 63 which takes you to Kings Cross but if you turn right as you exit the hotel and walk up to the main rd you can catch Bus 68 and Bus 19 which will take you right into London's West End, Piccadilly and Bus 68 takes you all the way to Victoria Station. We used this option most days during our 2 week stay.The Reception staff is mostly European and quite hard to understand. They all need to learn some customer service techniques and a smile would be good.We arrived at 11am after arriving from a 24 hr trip from Sydney and were not given our room until 2pm which was quite annoying. The lifts were very slow to come. Although there were 3 lifts you waited sometimes over 5 min before they came. One night one of the lifts got stuck with some guests in it, so we avoided that lift for our stay.Breakfast was very expensive at 14 pound each that is over $30AUS so we never did have the breakfast.Overall good hotel for London.	
Apr 18 2006	Good points and bad!	Just returned from a great weekend in London with the family and stayed at this hotel. Having read the reviews prior to booking many points were covered and were useful for me. Just thought I would add a review to hopefully give more info. Knowing the hotel was not near a tube station, the No 63 bus was brilliant, taking you straight to Kings Cross to pick up tube. Ate at Strada (Italian)in Exmouth Market (about 4-5 min walk) which was excellent. Room was quiet with no noise at night time from traffic etc.The room was good, clean and fridge was useful, however only 2 cups and saucers provided and when asked reception for 2 more cups, they rang back to ask why 2 wasn't enough and they never did appear!! Breakfast was mayhem, with about 25 people in a queue not really knowing what was happening. Just be careful which breakfast you have included in your stay as we had to pay £20 for the kids continental breakfast, full english would have cost us £40 for 2 nights! Pool was useful even though this is an additional cost, very small and gets very crowded so early morning was good. All in all it served its purpose but wouldn't rush back, if you accept that this is a bit out of the way, pool is extra, then it will be fine.	
Apr 12 2006	English Comfort	Booked this hotel a couple of nights. Pleased with everything about it except the location (no problem getting into city center though). Located in a residential neighborhood, it was quieter than most London hotels I'd stayed at in the past. Was clean &amp; comfortable, breakfast typical, no problems to report.	
Apr 12 2006	Good	Overall, the hotel was great. It was very clean and nicely decorated - especially for the price. Rooms sleep 4, and are still spacious. Negative things would have to include extra cost for the swimming pool (also children under 16 are only allowed to swim a limited amount of time) and the location. Even though it was located in a nice neighborhood, the walk to the underground was long. My advice would be to either wait for the bus to King's cross or walk to Russel Sqaure.	
Apr 6 2006 	Good value good location	I think it would be hard to beat this place on price and overall functionality for a relatively-central London full service hotel. I stayed here for 3 nights for business and had no complaints. Room would be OK, if slightly small, if in use by 4 people but for 1 or 2 it is a good size. Breakfast - again no complaints. Restaurant was very large for a Holiday Inn and there was no queue at 0800 on weekday mornings - peak business traveller eating time. Also, the Indian restaurant onsite didn't have that 'business-bloke-eating-by-himself' feeling in the evening - there was a good mixed custom.Bathroom was a good size and had a bath unlike some places which only have a shower.I had read the reviews here before and was intrigued by the variation in travel time quoted for getting to and from the tube, so I took note of my own times. Russell Square was 10 minutes walk in a straight line (except for the initial right, right, left immediately outside the station) through a nice residential area. Kings Cross was slightly shorter (9 minutes), but the area is very slightly dodgy (one 'massage' parlour and one 'accessories' shop but not much else in the line of sex shops) and the directions are somewhat more complicated. Also, once you get to Kings Cross you can easily spend another 5-10 minutes navigating through the passageways to get to your tube platform. Farringdon was a longer walk again in a stright line - about 15 minutes I think although I didn't time it. Farrindgon &amp; Russell Square stations are both small with direct access to the tube lines in under a minute from the station entrance. These walking times were as an individual dragging a small suitcase - I am going back with young kids in a few weeks and might opt for taking a taxi from the stations. Given that the same lines server Farringdon as Kings Cross there is probably not much point in the extra walk to Farringdon.The price of the rooms is hard to beat, there is a full bar, two restaurants, concierge, little shop open till about 2230 or so selling snacks, drinks, magazines, etc . . .Towards Kings Cross you start to come across pizza places, takeaways, chippers and so on within a few minutes, so late night snacks are easy to get your hands on.	
Apr 6 2006 	friendly good atmosphere	We stayed for one night, the room was a little on the small side but clean. The staff were very good and gave you sound advice when needed. Everything was catered for in the room i.e soap,shampoo,iron etc. The breakfast was great, buffet style to suit all nationalities. Would stay again.	
Apr 4 2006	Holiday Inn--King's Cross/Bloomsbury----EXCEEDED EXPECTATIONS	Spent a week in March at this hotel. Rooms are typical American size with two double beds and sitting area and large bathroom. Hotel staff were always polite and helpful and met our requests quickly for more pillows and towels. There was always plenty available for the continental or English breakfast. 10 min walk from Russell Square or King's Cross underground and Bus 63 from King's Cross takes you right across the street from the hotel. Would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Mar 27 2006	Very good for this price	This hotel is excellent for the price in this city. We were three in a double room and paid £198 for three nights. A lot of hotels in this price range will just leave you horrified.The breakfast was very good with both english and continental choices. The room was big and spacious and extremely clean for being in London. The staff was very helpful and allowed us a late check-out at 3 pm.The only thing worth mentioning is that it is quite far from the underground station but both the 63 bus (to Kings Cross) and other lines (to Oxford Street) were nearby. We will certainly choose this hotel again!	
Mar 20 2006	good weekend	stayed here with friends -booked 2 rooms online -£80 for each room for one night. the hotel was quite busy -patricks day and ireland v england at twickenham. we arrived 2 hours before check in time but we were given our room cards. rooms clean, tidy, air conditioned, fridge, hairdryer and toiletries. if u forget anything just ask - you will probably get it for free. it's a 10 minute walk from Kings cross station or £3.50 ish for a black cab. it was very quite in the rooms. went for a swim in th emorning but too many young children in the pool so settled for a jacuzzi and we used the steam room - free use of pool, jacuzzi and steam room, free lockers and towels.  drinks in the bar were quite expensive. the next day the concierge accepted our cases until we were ready to leave -although we did not have to check out until 1.00pm.	
Feb 27 2006	Good price - not bad	I am giving this hotel such a high rating mainly because of the price I managed to get. On lastminute I paid £80 for a quad room (their standard twin has 2 double beds) which I thought was exceptionally good value. The hotel is in a great location (walking distance to Angel, Kings Cross and Farringdon tubes) and in a quiet street. It's not the salacious end of Kings Cross - Exmouth Market is just over the road if you want local nightlife. The staff are pleasant and very helpful (especially helping out with local buses) and the check in and out times are excellent (check in 2pm and out 1pm) so there's no rushing.The rooms aren't spacious but not too cramped either. The decor is tired and needs updating but clean. The bathrooms are basic but the shower is powerful and when we asked for extra towels they were brought up within half an hour.Best of all, the hotel had a leisure centre which was free for members. We used the pool, jacuzzi (small) and steam room (large) although there was also a sauna and gym. Towels were provided for us. Considering the price we paid, I thought this was amazing value, although if I'd paid the full rate as advertised behind the reception (apparently £190) I think I would have given the place 3 stars.	
Feb 22 2006	Excellent for Everyone	I have just returned from a half term break in London with my two teenage children. I specifically wanted a good hotel which had rooms with two double beds and close to the centre of London. After researching extensively on Trip Advisor (my bible when travelling) I chose the Holiday Inn Kings Cross and was not at all disappointed. I found the best price on the Holiday Inn web site and booked the three day advance rate of £122 per night inclusive of Full English Breakfast and VAT for a non smoking, two double bed room. We arrived two hours before official check in time and were shown to our room immediately. The room was on a high floor, overlooking some residential roads of Bloomsbury, not an unpleasant view at all. It was very spacious with two double beds, a small sitting area, fridge (one you can put things in, not a fully stacked automated mini bar), tv and all the things you would expect in a good hotel. The bathroom had bathrobes and slippers and a good range of toiletries including hair conditioner, body lotion and a nail file. I called housekeeping to ask for an extra set of towels, it was around midday and I got no answer. We were going out so I left a note with reception and when we returned to our room we had two extra sets of towels including bathmats and face flannels. You can also choose what pillows you would like ranging from medium hypo alergic sythetic to soft feather and down.We all ordered different pillows and they were all left on the beds as requested. I was concerend by some reviews stating the hotel is remote but the no 63 bus is very frequent, however we took taxi's and the fares ranged from £5-£7 depending on where we were going. Taxi's are often parked in the hotel forecourt and if not we never had a problem hailing one from the road. The area is not awful or unsafe. I stayed at the Ritz recently and they lock the doors at midnight. You have to ring the doorbell there to get in and there are lots of undesirable people luring around outside the hotel. I saw none at this Holiday Inn. The area is mainly residential. We didn't eat in the restaurant but we were talking to some business people who were staying and the food was pretty good for hotel food. There is an english and an indian restaurant, the bar area is comfortable and the staff attentive. Breakfast was good, we didn't have to queue, although there was a notice stating at busy times you may have too. The hotel was busy with lots of families and tourists but they had obviously put on extra staff to cope with the demand. The food was hot, fresh and reguarly replemished.The leisure centre was very clean and ideal for an early morning swim or workout, children are not allowed in until 8am which I think is an excellent idea. There is a charge of £2.50 per day but I do not think this is unreasonable considering the value for money the hotel provides. I would recommend this hotel to anyone really. Being centrally located for the West End/The City/Camden etc it is ideal for business people (it also has a car park) and I will use it for business myself. It is also great for families due to the big bedrooms and buffet breakfast. There is also a small shop in the hotel if you forget anything. I would definately stay here again, it was clean and very comfortable and excellent value for money.	
Feb 11 2006 	Modern and clean but very air conditioned - no windows open!	This can be very good value. Especially online and especially if you were a group of 4 and used 2 double beds. Otherwise, it is not near Kings Cross, a windy half mile away (0.8 km), although that isnt a bad thing. Kings Cross is really a horrible area. Nearby to here you have Exmouth Market, which has good bars and cafes and places to eat. As it is not near tubes it is a place where real Londoners go, so a real London experience. The hotel breakfast is quite good. But the hotel doesnt have windows that open, which I dont like - it makes it very stuffy.	
Jan 16 2006	Just OK	Stayed one night in January 2006. Check in was pleasant. Staff were nice and helpful. Room was nice, but nothing special. Everthing very clean. Nice bathroom but no amenities whatsoever. Location was great for me: it's around the cornet from the tube, 10 minute walk from the British Museum or from King's Cross. I paid GBP 70 and for this price would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 6 2006	Good value	Stayed at this hotel for 1 night in November 2005. The hotel is not as near to Kings Cross as you might think - it took around 15 minutes to walk there.It cost around £75 for a room with two double beds (no breakfast) which seemed good value for London.The staff were not particularly helpful - refusing to book us a taxi and advising us to &quot;stand outside until one came along&quot;.The rooms were clean and presentable, if slightly dated.However, if you're looking for a good value hotel within central London this is fine.	
Dec 17 2005	We Enjoyed Our Stay	We stayed over Thanksgiving 2005. 2 adults, 1 10 year old and a 16 year old. The rooms are small but clean. We did have some trouble with the temp. - too hot in the room! The staff was friendly and appearted to be mostly Polish! The pool was a nice addition. Breakfast is pricey so take advantage of the in-room refrig. and visit a local store for roll, cheese, meats and juice. I didn't find the neighborhood disturbing in the least. My 16 year old daughter and I walked home in the dark from the train station no problem. Never saw any druggies or ladies of the night! Maybe the don't come out in the cold! The advice about the bus to kings cross station was right on and very easy!. Just come out the hotel door and make a left, walk maybe 1/2 a block and presto. You can pay the driver or use your travel pass. One driver didn't have change for 20 pound note and just waved us onto the bus anyway! The Union pub across the street from the hotel was family friendly and had super food - the sunday roast beef or lamb dinner was fab! Adventure out the hotel door to the right and follow kings cross rd past the royal mail (keep it on your right) for a block or 2 and you will discover a street of small restaurants, a starbucks (they have one like every 1/2 block in London) and some other shops. We ate at the Kolossus greek restaurant on our last night and had a great feast. We were stuffed. The place was packed even after 9pm. This area turns residential so it appeared to be locals eating here.I'd visit here again!	
Nov 19 2005	GREAT HOTEL	My husband and I stayed at this hotel at the end of October, beginning of November 2005 and it was of excellent standard. Well worth the money we paid for the room and the room service was excellent too. We ordered a meal, which was delivered to the room quickly and it was piping hot and of a high standard. The staff were helpful and taxis were outside on the morning of our departure so we didn't have to worry about getting to the train station. The only down side is that the hotel is quite a bit of a walk from the tube and rail station at Kings Cross but the standard outweighs this small inconvenience. Would recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 28 2005	Fantastic hotel excellent value for money	After reading the other reviews i was worried about this hotel but i wonder if we are all talking about the same hotel. For holiday inn standards this was excellent and i have never ben dissapointed by holiday inn before. the staff were most helpfull and lovely with my two children with whom i was travelling alone.the decor was very sumptious and housekeeping were helpfull and so efficient only about five minutes for extra pillows etc.The pool and gym looked very inviting but we just didnt have time to use.Its within easy walking distance of kings cross station and about a seven pound taxi ride to oxford circus..depending on traffic.Iwould deffinately recomend this hotel and will return again should i visit london any time s oon.There is a lovely bar area that has some really comfy settees and although a little pricey no more so than other hotel bars. we paid £80 inc full english breakfast which was also gorgeous and meant we didnt eat again till evening. mmmmm croissants and jam and bacon and eggs and you get the idea.	
Sep 13 2005 	advantages offset inconvenient location. has great Indian food	I have stayed here on 5-6 occasions. This is usually the cheapest Central London hotel with reasonable pool, sauna and steam room - although these can get crowded sometimes. A £2.50 use fee has also been introduced since my last stay. I have never had problems with room size or a/c. There is a British and a South Indian (Rasa) restaurant on the premises - Rasa has plain surroundings but exceptionally good and reasonably priced Keralan food (their other branches in London and Newcastle are judged very highly in food guides). Highly recommended if you like this cuisine. There are also several other reasonable restaurants and pubs within 100 metres. The hotel is very convenient for Kings Cross/St Pancras/Euston stations - about a 15 minute walk (certainly safe with care up to 11pm - probably after also but have never done it late) or 63 bus ride. It is remote from tourist locations, however - don't consider if you want to nip in and out of your hotel room during the day.	
Aug 16 2005 	Very pleasant stay	We stayed two nights at the Holiday Inn to visit the Frida Kahle exhibition at Tate Modern. The room was pretty small but very clean. Air condition was effective, staff very friendly. We booked through Hotwire and payed about $70 a night for a double room, this is quite a bargain. Location is great in a quiet residential neighbourhood. There are a few good restaurants and a couple of grocery stores just around the corner. The undergound station is just 3 minuted away, the trip to central London takes about 10 minutes. We would definately stay at the Holiday Inn Bloomsbury again.	
Aug 7 2005	Excellent base - friendly staff good sized rooms	After reading other reviews about this hotel, I was beginning to wonder if I had made a grave mistake in booking it for our family weekend away in London. I didn't relish the thought of walking long distances to the tube stations and not being very familiar with London, I didn't have a CLUE about buses etc.I would like to say a very big thank you to the person who advised about the number 63 bus (see earlier review). We used it several times a day to commute between the hotel &amp; Kings Cross station. Although Farringdon and Russell Square are closer to the hotel if you are walking - they are both a good 10 minute walk away. Kings Cross is about a 30 min walk (I would guess). However, a few yards from the hotel is a bus stop... catch the number 63 and it will drop you off right outside Kings Cross Station (and from there you can get to pretty much anywhere!). Likewise, on the way back - you can get the same bus right outside the station to return back to the hotel....just REMEMBER to press the 'stop' button to request the bus to stop as it is not a regular stop (although we almost always had other people getting off with us).So, DON'T be put off with the reviews about the out-of-the-way location of this hotel. Providing you don't mind catching a bus to the station - it's ideal! What I would say though - if you are planning to do a lot of tube or bus travelling, buy your travelcard from Kings Cross station the night before (for the following day) that way you can use your travelcard on the bus from the hotel the next morning. A day travelcard for 2 adults &amp; 2 children on a Sat &amp; Sun was costing us a little over £6 - an absolute bargain considering the number of times we used it! (good for buses and tube trains).The hotel itself is a darn sight cheaper than most other London hotels too! (We paid £78 per room - with 2 queen beds, en-suite etc). We booked direct through the Holiday Inn website.Our room was larger than we imagined, airy and considering it was 26c outside - wonderfully cool inside. I read a review here about the rooms being hot and stuffy - but ours was well air-conditioned. No problems at all. Bathroom was clean and other than a small hole in one of the bedspreads - the rest of the furnishings &amp; decor were of a good standard. Our room also overlooked the large Royal Mail sorting office - but who spends their entire stay looking out of the window? I was just happy to have a nice large, clean &amp; quiet room in which to stay.A definate 'thumbs-up' for this Holiday Inn - and thanks for a great stay. We will DEFINATELY be back to stay with you the next time we visit London.	
Aug 4 2005	Nice hotel but.....	I stayed here for 4 nights with my husband and 2 kids and we have to say the hotel was lovely if not for a few flaws. Firstly we hired a car and had to pay £20 per night for parking which in London you would come to expect! The only thing is the car park if you can call it that is tiny and you have to get a member of staff to let you in to a space. On a couple of occasions we where kept waiting for 10 or 15 mins and you have to keep moving to let taxi's round. Air con was rubbish although we didnt think it was a feature of the room and you could not open the windows in the room which left you feeling very groggy and head- achey! I notice a lot of people giving out about over charging and we where not exempt. We were overcharged £40 for parking so keep an eye on you bill. Would'nt stay there again.	
Aug 4 2005	Excellent!	I got this hotel through priceline for under $100. It was a large room for London standards in what seemed like a new modern hotel. The walk to the subway wasn't that big of a deal and you pass other tourists as this residential neighborhood seemed quite quiet. You pass a few places to eat, but Kings Cross is such a huge intersection that you can find lots of places there to eat too. Across the street from the hotel is the Travelodge. Lots of buses and trains intersect at Kings Cross that it's really such a convenient place to stay. The bathroom was a good size and clean. I was very happy staying here and would stay here again!	
Jul 19 2005	Dreadful	This is a hotel you want to miss. Credit card balance instantly reserved for double the room price and left reserved even after your account was debited so you keep having a smaller balance than you should. Faucets leek all night long, the only restaurant is Indian, the hotel is quite a long way from public transportation stops, views face the Royal Mail sorting center. Not worth its price.	
Jun 17 2005	we love the holiday inn	I stayed at this hotel with my husband and 10yr old daughter. We paid £80 a night for three nights. This was including full brakfast.Considering this hotel has a pool we found this to be great value for london. Great hotel for families everyone was very nice and we managed to get our window open. Everyone is complaining about the location. When you arrive at kings cross tube station all you have to do is get the 63 bus. No problem its only a couple of stops. Very clean.	
Mar 20 2005	False Alarm	The room is big consider London standard and the service is above average. The only thing that caught my attention was their fire alarm system. It was so soft that we hardly realised the alarm sounding. It was much later that we realised there's a soft alarm sounding and only realised it's from the hotel when my husband saw the fire exit lighted up. We rushed out towards the fire exit and only realised that it was a false alarm when we reached the bottom of the hotel.I still think that it's not normal the sound level of their fire alarm and we were lucky that it was just a false alarm. I don't want to imagine otherwise.The breakfast is ok if it's included in your room-rate. Otherwise, I think it's too pricely for an English breakfast of 12.50 GBP.	
Mar 18 2005 	Wouldn't recommend it.	As the other reviwers have said this hotel is a bit of a trek from the nearest tube station. I stayed for 2 nights on a business trip and booked it on priceline as a hotel in the city/financial district, which it is not. At check in the receptionist was very offhand and not at all pleasant and despite having booked a non smoking room, I was given a poky smoking room which was disgusting. However there was no problem about being moved and I was given a room which was a lot more spacious and fresher. The room was very hot and the windows don't open, the bathroom was small and average and showing signs of wear, dirty tiles and grubby seal around the toilet pan. The leisure club is a bit of a con, they charge you GBP2.50 to use it and the pool is very small, a sign at the reception also stated that children were excluded from most areas. The hotel does not have a friendly atmosphere around it apart from the bar staff who were pleasant enough. As a place to sleep the hotel is OK but not for the leisure guest and I wouldn't rush back. The worst Holiday Inn I've ever used.	
Mar 15 2005	Good Option in London	I started staying in Holiday Inns in London after years of being treated to small, austere &quot;single&quot; rooms by traditional English hoteliers. I got tired of being relegated to a twin bed pushed against the wall for maximum efficiency, a bathroom so tiny you can't turn around without bumping into something, and a general feeling that one should consider oneself to be second-class for having had the audacity to travel solo. At least the Holiday Inns offer full-size rooms and queen beds regardless of whether you're travelling alone or not and their bathrooms are roomy enough. The Holiday Inns in London can get a bit pricey, however, but the one at King's Cross often has special prices that make it quite affordable. That may be because it's a bit out of the way, but I take issue with the reviewers who say it's a long haul to the Underground. I always use the Russell Square or King's Cross station, meaning a 10-12 minute walk, which I don't consider bad. Actually, I find the short journey from the hotel to the Russell Square station, walking through the residential neighborhood with its mix of buildings, quite pleasant. It's a nice break from all the touristy quarters. There are a couple of pubs nearby and the feeling in the area is definitely more &quot;local&quot; than in other places. So I enjoy the area, the hotel is functional and accommodating, and I've had mostly good experiences during my numerous stays here. The only problem is that in the colder months in the winter the temperature in the rooms gets a bit on the chilly side. There's no way to adjust the temperature for more heat. It's probably around 68 degrees. Other than this I have no complaints about the place.	
Feb 25 2005	Nice hotel-bit far from underground....	A nice, clean, new, modern hotel in a quiet (if a little residential) location away from the main touristy drag and about 15 mins walk from Kings Cross Underground station. Buses run from nearby stops. Not much in the area for tourists but if you feel confident about getting around London you'll be fine here. This is more Bloomsbury/Farringdon than Kings Cross and it is much more a residential area than a tourist area, but it is quiet and there is very little traffic noise. I felt much happier here than I did when I've stayed in busier areas such as Victoria and Russell Square where there was lots of noise, tourists and traffic. The hotel is new and has the added benefit of a leisure club (but being in London there are far better things to do than swim and pump iron in the gym!) the hotel restaurant is very nice and the room service menu is similar to the restaurant menu. The rooms are lovely-quite large with modern decor (grey and cream chequered furnishings and beech furniture) and the bathrooms are clean with large mirrored area over sink, bath and shower.I would'nt hesitate to stay here again.	
Feb 18 2005	problems	We stayed a a total 2 weeks (14 days) in Holiday Inn - King's Cross Bloomsbury, with 92 pounds per night. To me, it's very expensive. But I stayed in Holiday Inn while I was in Italy once and thought it was nice.First, the hotel is a good 30-minute walk from King's Cross tube station. But there is a bus line no. 63 which takes you to the station in about 5 minutes. As for the neighborhood, I wouldn't go as far to say it was questionable, but it was certainly quiet at night and I did see a drug addict in that neighborhood.When checking in, the staff told us we could not use debit card to pay. We didn't want to use credit card, so we had to draw cash from the nearest ATM machines. The attitude of the staff wasn't very nice. Not rude, but not very nice. So it wasn't a very good start.The room was clean. With 2 double beds, it got a little bit crowded, but it was okay. The fridge didn't work too well. Online access was impossible cos the lan line tore in two.There were restaurants/cafes/take-aways everywhere so we didn't need to eat in the hotel. While we got back home (i m from Asia), the hotel called us and said they needed to charge us 3 extra nights because they thought we didn't leave. Obviously we packed in a hurry and didn't throw away everything on the last night. But to charge us 300 pounds is absurd. We checked out on the last day and they should have known. How could they think we didn't leave?To be fair, the hotel is clean and sometimes cheap if you get special rates online. But the attitude of the staff made me a little bit uncomfortable.	
Jan 10 2005	Nice one	This 4* hotel was nice, and the price I got on the Holyday Inn website was incredibile (68 GBP/night for a room with two queen size beds, which I shared with my wife and my two little kids).The hotel is a 10 minutes walk distant from the nearest Tube station, whick is Kings Cross. If you land in Gatwick you can take the Thameslink rail (1 train every 15 minutes) whick drops you just there.	
Dec 23 2004	uh uh! you could do better	Objectively, the hotel is of fine standard with nice staff and excellent breakfast, but the problem is the area and the distance to the tube. The walk to the nearest tube station is 10-12 min. This may not sound much, but at Winter, when it is cold / raining, this is very unpleasant. Additionally, once you pass the initial shops area of this walk, you need to walk a long street with nothing to see but the occasional dodgy nightclub. There are enough hotels around London, with similar standards but a more convenient location, or at least a slightly more pleasant walk to the tube. I would not stay there again, and certainly not when traveling alone and needing to walk by myself after dark from the tube.	
Dec 17 2004	Decent stay	At last a hotel in London where I can sleep without earplugs ..... up on the 7th floor ..... good accommodation. A bit pricey even at 30% off rack rate but just to get a night's sleep in this miserable city made it a haven.	
Dec 9 2004	Not impressed	After walking quite a walk from the tube (in the rain) we arrived to find a long queue at reception. Despite being 2pm we were told our rooms were not yet ready. This was frustrating as we would have liked to have un-wound a bit as our journey had been quite long. None of the reception staff were english so there was a bit of a language problem.Despite all of this when our room was finally ready we were pleased with it. The main thing really was the location as this was not ideal. a fair walk to the nearest tube. Wouldn't use this hotel again.	
Dec 1 2004	Could do worse could do better	An ok hotel if you get a cheap rate on their internet site, but I wouldn't pay anything approaching the full rate. Standard Holiday Inn facilities, a nice clean room with a big bed and working space, and a decent bathroom and shower. Breakfast was extra on my internet rate; I preferred to stay in bed and pay less by crossing the road to the little cafe directly opposite. There was no internet connection in the room, but wireless service was available for a suitably equipped laptop, at a hefty GBP 12.95 (USD 24) per day. Service was average: despite hanging the Do Not Disturb sign on the door, I was regularly disturbed. And on three occasions when I came back from a day out my key would not work and I had to go to reception to have it re-programmed; they had no explanation for this. Location is also an issue: it really isn't handy for very much. King's Cross underground is a 10-15 minute walk along some of London's creepier streets, but better, if you can get your head round the system, is to use the buses from Rosebery Avenue to get to Shaftesbury Avenue and Piccadilly Circus. You could do worse, you could do better. If you get it for GBP 80-100, it's a good deal by London standards; much more than that, there are other choices.	
Oct 29 2004	Enjoyable stay	My wife and I took our 2 young daughters to the London for their first time. We could not have wanted a better hotel. I would highly recommend this hotel for families and single people but I'm speaking from a Family point of view.The hotel was spotless, quiet and you felt safe, which is important with families.The room was spacious, very clean, quiet and very tidy. The staff was friendly, helpful and helped with the requests we had.The food was tasty and plentiful, you did not feel pressurised to finish your food in a hurry.Taxi cost about £10 to Regents Street.Will go back.	
Sep 8 2004	It's great to read reviews!	After reading reviews about several different hotels - and getting quite apprehensive about the condition and staff honesty of the hotels in London - I chose this one. We stayed there 3 nights - Sunday through Tuesday.We took a cab from Victoria Station to the hotel. Our cabby took advantage of our American accents and took us the long way. 14 pounds for the trip. Whereas our British friends who met us at the station and took a different cab to the same hotel but left in the cab right AFTER ours got there before us and for only 7 pounds.It wasn't easy to find when walking, and kind of a long walk to the nearest tube stations (Angel and Kings Cross), and not within walking distance of the attractions London is famous for. It's in something of a residential neighborhood, and there aren't brightly lit signs to make it highly visible if you are trying to get there at night. But it was clean and quiet. There is a great Indian restaurant in the lobby. Good curry and Chicken Tikka. That same restaurant serves as the breakfast buffet each morning. As I mentioned at the outset, honesty of the staff at the hotels was something I was worried about. (Example - I didn't bring my laptop, left no valuables in the room and we locked our suitcases when we left each day.) I highly recommend this to anyone staying here as well.There was nothing in the closet that any of the staff would need - it was completely empty - so I placed a some stuff in there one day before we left. I tossed a handful of receipts and postcards on top of the stuff I'd put inside and quick closed the door before they fell out. The door was securely shut and the contents weren't likely to shift and knock it open. That night when we returned, those items were hanging out of the bottom of the closet door -- housekeeping had opened the closet. I was a bit unnerved, but let it go because there was nothing they could have taken. It just confirmed for me that the reviews about dishonest staff were on target so be careful.I might stay there again, but I think I'd prefer something closer to the sights and where there are pubs and shops that don't close up early each day.	
Sep 7 2004	Good stay	The stay was pretty good overall. The water pressure in the shower was really nice compared to most places, usually the water just barely drips out of the shower head. My only dissapointment was the bed, but my husband didn't mind it at all. I thought it was too soft cuz I like a stiff bed, it just depends on what you like. I had asked for 2 double beds and got only one double bed and a sofa bed. The sofa bed was horrible, only my son who is 4 yrs old was able to actually sleep on it, but it would have broken easily with an average weight adult. Other than that it was nice, the staff were nice when I checked in and out but I didn't really talk to them after that. We only stayed 3 nights and we were out doing things all day so we really only slept and showered there. I do recommend this hotel for someone that is going to london as a tourist and not someone planing to just hang out in there room.	
Sep 6 2004 	"Buses were excellent "	The hotel is not in Bloomsbury, It is not far from Kings cross station.This put me off at first but it turned out to be ok. It is a nice hotel and the rooms were big enough for 4 of us (me, my husband,an 2 children) We had continental breakfast included but you could buy vouchers for full breakfast, this could turn out to be expensive but we discovered there are lots of really cheap cafes.We travelled by car and left the car in the hotel car park £100 for 5 nights!!! We stayed the last two weeks in August as my daughter was doing work experience in the IPC towers.We discovered we couldn,t have been in a better position for transport.The bus stop is just opposite the hotel you can buy a day pass for £2.50 this lets you get off and on buses as often as you like and we were able to visit lots of attractions.You buy the passes from a machine near some bus stops or post offices.We visited Buckingham Palace, Tower of London, London Dungeon, The London Eye, Oxford Street, Covent Garden and many more.I thought it was going to be really expensive but like I said earlier there are cheap places to eat if you look around. The hotel also has a nice Indian reastaurant, you can order any meals from the restaurant to your room. The only thing I didn,t like is that you can,t take children in most of the pubs in the evening but this is the case in most of England and my 12 yr old can,t understand this as when we go abroad children are welcome almost anywhere.I think if the weather had been nicer we could have sat outside the pubs, but this summer we had the worst rainfall for years.I think if I stayed in London again I would stay in Kensington or close to Covent garden as there are more places to eat during the day there.Oh also I,ve just remembered the Science museum is an excellent place to take children as it is free, we didn,t have enough time to go round it as we were going home so make sure you visit it at the beginning of your trip.	
Aug 28 2004	Very poor service	I've stayed here several times on business, usually for five nights on average, which is fortunate because I haven't had to waste my own money. The rooms are fine, but the staff are unhelpful. The last time I stayed the housekeeping service was non-existent (room wasn't made up) and some small items were stolen. The air conditioning didn't work. Room service delivered cold food, and the restaurants aren't much better. I sent a complaint letter after the hotel didn't address the problems at the time. They responded with the offer of a free weekend stay which, in fairness, was reasonable. I took them up on that offer, had only one meal in the hotel and didn't get room service. It was a great free weekend in London - but the service was just as poor (although nothing was stolen). The location is fine, it isn't so far from King's Cross station but the hotel is definitely a disappointment.	
Aug 12 2004	Good Out-of -town Hotel	*Good spacious room (designed for wheelchair users). *Comfortable double bed. *Effective air-conditioning. *Concierge very helpful (he checked if Kings Cross Station have a left luggage facility - and they do!). *Excellent value for money (with newspaper deal).Drawbacks: *Only one extra pillow in room. *Shower is poor. *Extremely slow lifts and the back stairs are grim. *Tiny swimming pool, inefficient jacuzzi. *Long, long walk to train station (wear comfortable shoes!).	
Jul 10 2004	Pretty good for London if you get a decent rate	I stayed at the hotel in July 2004. Location of the hotel is okay, and the room was spacious and clean. Front desk personnel seemed a bit overworked and weren't overly friendly, but overall the hotel seemed to be a good choice/value in this area of London, unless you pay full rack rate.	
Jun 17 2004	Try elsewhere	I've stayed at this HI property a couple of times recently and have experienced pretty much the same thing on each visit.Service has been terrible with the staff seeming to have trouble understanding me. Not sure if it was my Scots accent or what.Rooms are ok and fairly decent size. Location is a good walk away from Kings Cross, so don't be fooled by that. However, it is relatively convenient for Thameslink trains at Kings Cross or Farringdon.Even if you are Platinum Member of Priority Club don't expect this to make any difference when you stay here. I wont be going back, there are much better Holiday Inn's/Crowne Plaza's and other hotels rather than this one.	
Jun 5 2004	Great internet rate	We flew in to London from Paris on the hottest day in U.k history in Aug 2003!! This was having spent two weeks in the South of France which I'm sure qualified for the hottest two weeks on record there also. I had booked our stay at the Holiday Inn Kings Cross on the internet before we left Canada and was very pleased with the rate. I believe it was about 55.00 British pounds per night which was very good compared to other quotes for a family of four. Having arrived at the hotel around noon there was quite a lengthy wait for our room. If I remember it took until around 4pm before we could get in. However we were able to use the indoor pool while we waited, which proved to be a lifesaver with two young children in tow. There were a few cafe's and pubs within walking distance for food. Once in our room, the rest of the two day stay was wonderful. The airconditioning had a hard time keeping up with demand but then it was extreme conditions. We thoroughly enjoyed our two night stay. The rooms were extremely clean and user friendly. Reception staff were approachable and friendly. If we were able to get the same great rate again would definately return.	
Mar 19 2004	Clean and friendly		
Mar 13 2004	Good value for money hotel - but poor food		
Mar 1 2004	Not Bad At All		
Feb 26 2004	Okay!		
Feb 19 2004	I liked it		
Oct 10 2003	Overpriced and unfriendly		
Sep 17 2003	a very good hotel		
Aug 16 2003	Disagree with other Review		
May 7 2003	Holidy Inn Kings Cross		
Feb 25 2003	Great Deal for London		
Sep 9 2009 	?????????????????		
Aug 28 2009 	exentré et peu sympathique		
Jul 18 2009 	buen hotel  buen precio muy recomendable		
May 20 2009 	bien		
May 18 2009 	Equivale a un 3 stelle.		
Apr 28 2009 	excentré		
Apr 25 2009 	ci tornerei!		
Apr 22 2009 	Una habitación de fumadores para una familia no fumadora		
Apr 8 2009 	Buona scelta (eccetto per la distanza dalla metro)		
Mar 22 2009 	correct confortable excentré		
Mar 6 2009 	Personal de recepción groseros		
Mar 2 2009 	Mérite 3 étoiles max. mais intéressant si vous trouvez un bon tarif		
Dec 23 2008 	Super práctico		
Dec 13 2008 	Buena relacion calidad-precio		
Sep 5 2008 	Me sorprendió bastante gratamente		
Jun 3 2008 	Pues a mi me gustó		
Apr 29 2008 	Che delusione		
Mar 25 2008	Se le caen estrellas por el camino..		
