Nov 9 2009 	AVOID AT ALL COSTS!	First start with positives - nice location, close to Bayswater tube. Modern hotel, staff didn't have great English but understandable. Rooms modern looking.Bad points - cold continental breaksfast, pathetic, poor service, no explanation and got 1 cup of coffee with no refills and 4 slices of cold toast between 2.Pillows are thin, bed is hard, room is small, bathroom is small and steams up in no time at all.Wooden floors look nice but mean that you can hear every room around you (and they can hear you!)Rooms have the thinnest walls imaginable, can hear everything from all surrounding rooms and outside. Was woken by cleaners shouting at 7:30 one morning and next doors tv being on (not that loud, just how thin the wamms are) meant we didn't get to sleep until after 1am and then one of the rooms had a wake up alarm set which due to the thin walls meant we were all woken up by it.If we had paid full price(we got subsidy from travel agents for booking holiday with them) I would have been furious and asked for money back or to be transferred to another hotel.Not good, not good at all!	
Nov 5 2009 	Excellent hotel - great value!	I stayed at the Caesar for a week in late October 2009. Excellent value for money! The hotel was clean and decor was simple and modern. Room was slightly small but not unreasonable for London/Europe in general - it was clean and comfortable and served its purpose (i.e. place to rest up after a long day of sightseeing). Staff were attentive and courteous. Quite + safe neighbourhood (Bayswater), with several Underground stations (Paddington, Lancaster Gate, Queensway and Bayswater) not more than a 10 minute walk away. Excellent if you're doing a lot of sightseeing on foot - only a couple of stops on the Tube from Oxford Circus and other great shopping districts, and you're never more than 30 minutes away from Heathrow if you take the Heathrow Express.All in all, can't say a bad thing about this hotel. Would definitely recommend this hotel to others (have actually done so already!), and will stay at the Caesar the next time I'm in London!	
Oct 29 2009	Not worht the price	From the photos on the website it looked really nice and the first impression when we arrived in the lobby was good. Friendly staff. The room was on the first floor and very tiny. The bathroom was so small that you almost had to go outside to change your mind. After a quick shower for about 3 minutes the mirror and the walls went foggy. You had to go out of the bathroom to dress up because if was not enough space. The bed was okey, but the pillows were to thin. When we were leaving we asked for a taxi. When we arrived 2 days earlier we took a taxi from the Victoria station (after arriving with bus from Stansted) and payd 10 GBP incl. tips so we decided to do the same on the return. After a short while a well-dressed man showed up and told us to follow him. We thought it was a staff member and some kind of extra service. I do not know if he was, but I found him very rude. After driving a while he asked if we wanted him to drive us to the airport and at first I thought this is to good to be true. Of course he wanted money!. He told us to pay 70 GBP and we said that we wanted to take the bus for 2 x 9 GBP. After a while he accepted our choice. He drove us to the station and said he wanted 15 GBP. We said he could get 10 since that was what we payd when we arrived and that was the price we found okey. He asked us why we got into his car if we should pay that little and we honestly told him that we had ordered a taxi from the hotel and thought he was a staff member and not a pirate driver as I felt he acted like. We argued a bit and gave him 10. It was quite uncomfortable and the driver left in anger.	
Sep 26 2009 	Good hotel with great location	Lovely stay in Caesar recently. Located on peaceful Queen's Gardens yet really handy access to Paddington Station. friendly, helpful staff.	
Sep 8 2009 	excellent breakfast friendly staff	We have stayed here three times now, and each time it has been excellent. Yes the rooms are small, but everything is clean, and we have always found the staff to be very helpful and friendly. Ask for rooms overlooking the square. It is very quiet at night, no traffic noise even with the window open. The breakfast is the best continental one we have had in UK. Do try to get breakfast inclusive package, they are much better value. We used 1800 hotels this time, hotel connect previously	
Aug 16 2009 	Helpful staff decent quality modern rooms	The reception staff were incredibly helpful and we got a free upgrade for our second night, as our first was in the basement next to the staff canteen! The rooms are big enough and modern, with all the usual features and a safe. Bathrooms very clean and the executive rooms with street view are nice. The only negatives for us were the taxi service they use - we were in a hurry and the taxi turned up late and then tried to charge us an overly expensive flat rate for a trip to Victoria station. I would suggest you book a black cab yourself and avoid the extra charges! The cold breakfast was good but no one came to explain how it worked or what was included so we weren't sure what we could eat or ask for. Overall we were happy with our stay, it was just a pity that it was marred at the end by the taxi incident as we missed the train we were planning to get.	
Jul 18 2009 	Good place to stay in London	We stayed here for a few days while I was attending a conference. It is in a decent location on a quiet street. We got a good price through skoosh -- you don't have to pay for breakfast, which saves a lot of money. The staff couldn't find our reservation but made it work anyway. The lobby is new vaguely trendy. Our room was to a good standard, particularly the bathroom seemed recently rehabbed &amp; better than you'd expect. Only the hall leading to our room was shabby old-school London in line with the price of the place (well, and the size of the room, but again, that's a norm for older hotels in London.) The location was pretty good, there were several underground stops a few blocks in various directions, but it's not otherwise an are you'd be in except for the plethora of hotels.	
Jul 18 2009 	Lots of hotels close by eg. Corus	Reception staff need training in friendliness.Room was not cleaned thoroughly (stayed for 2 nights) moved to the Corus for the third night (more expensive but worth it)	
Jun 29 2009 	we had a great stay :)	i like the caesar overall new and modern interior and exterior compare to other hotels i've been to in europe and london. i have read many reviews that said the staffs are rude but i did find them very friendly and helpful. the room are a bit small but nice and clean! i love the caesar's not-too-tourist-sy location. we had a great time!	
Jun 25 2009 	If you're looking for luxury go to the Dorchester	I have to agree with the previous review - you get what you pay for.....particularly in London. We were looking for a hotel for one night, close to the tube and convenient for restaurants but didn't want to spend a huge amount. I am always surprised on this site at the number of people who stay in budget accommodation and then complain about getting exactly that! This hotel is basic, clean and I have to say, very friendly...The rooms are small and we found the bed extremely hard. The sheets and pillows were also 'budget' but probably what you would expect, for the price. I asked for some fresh milk (rather than the small plastic tubs of UHT) - they said they didn't have any! As I said, if you want feather pillows and luxurious surroundings, go to the Dorchester.	
Jun 16 2009 	You get what you pay	Caesar is a nice and well located hotel. As soon as you arrive and get in the nice looby you think you arrived on a 4 star hotel. When you get in your room you realize you are on a 3 star because you paid 100 pounds/day for that. EXTREMELY tight rooms and bathrooms, reasonably clean (never take a look under the bed) and almost quiet. Almost because it is on a quite street bur the problem is you can hear your room neighbors talking, fighting or watching CNN. Staff is really nice and helpful. Breakfast is excellent. Locatin, as I had already writen is reaaly nice, close to Hyde and Kesington Parks, Notting Hill and with subway stations far 5 minutes walking.	
Jun 13 2009 	Rude service okay location	With so many hotels to choose from in London, why stay here?? Seriously. The Caesar staff is pretentious and rude. The rooms are small and while they say they have free internet, what they really mean is that they have 2 computers in the lobby that are always being used and that you will have to wait at least 30 minutes to use them. There is, however, extremely expensive wireless that you can sign up for in the hotel. The hotel is already pricey, wifi should be included. Breakfast is not included either and the restaurant is expensive. The location is several blocks away from the metro stops and from any stores or restaurants. There are many better and cheaper hotels in Bayswater--I recommend the Phoenix instead.	
Jun 11 2009 	Comfortable but pricey	The hotel rates itself as four-star. With all the basic elements but nothing extra I don't know where the fourth star came from.Nice rooms lacking in space just a little bit, with stylish, modern furniture. It was very quiet at night and we all slept very well!Breakfast costs extra and is pretty expensive (a full English breakfast even more so). Also, it only available until 10 o'clock. One morning we went to eat at 9:30 and the waiters seemed surprised that we (as well as many other clients) would arrive so late. Thus, they were already out of everything, including bread and clean plates, so 10 pound breakfast ended up being a dry toast topped with a slice of cheese.The hotel advertises its wi-fi, but be prepared: it also runs on extra cost.All in all, a nice comfy hotel, but on a pricey side compared to its amenities.	
Jun 1 2009 	Fantastic! Inexpensive and modern hotel in a great location for seeing London!	Loved the Caesar! A well presented, clean and modern hotel in a perfect London location. I travelled with my boyfriend to London for a theatre trip, and the hotel was in a great location for accessing the West End. It's also a stroll through Hyde Park towards Buckingham Palace and Westminster. The hotel itself is less than 5 minutes walk from 1 of 2 tube stations.Rooms were compact but more than enough to move around in. Bathroom small but again, didn't need anything larger. Breakfast was lovely - Spanish style breakfast, plenty of fresh fruit and pastries to choose from.Our train home was not until later in the evening, and the hotel let us leave our luggage all day so that we could go and explore the city before we left.Price was very very good. I would definitely recommend this hotel to people wanting an inexpensive and comfortable base for seeing London.	
May 26 2009 	Great hotel for a SHORT visit	We flew in to Heathrow and took a train to Paddington Station. The Hotel is a few short blocks from the station and in a really nice safe area. Lots of good restaurants around; which is great considering the quality of plane food. Once we got to the hotel we were given the keys to our room and went straight up. The whole hotel looks great. The lobby is very modern, as are the rooms. We got to our room and it was pretty small. Considering this was one of our first stays outside the U.S. we weren't expecting LARGE rooms, but it was definitely very small. Only enough room for 2 people who are certainly not strangers. Regardless of the size it was a wonderful stay and we realized we didn't need all the excess room that American hotels give you anyway. It was a beautiful hotel with a comfy bed and a nice modern and CLEAN feel. I would recommend this hotel to anyone in need of a short stay.	
May 15 2009 	Couldn't have expected anything more!	Stayed for my birthday at the Caesar, and we really enjoyed this hotel. Contrary to previous reviews we found the staff very pleasant indeed. The hotel is modern, clean, nicely decorated, with a small but funky bar, all lit up by candles at night. Papers in the lobby, breakfast was perfectly acceptable, and the restaurant area very nice and bright, didn't see how it looked in the evening though, but the menu looked fine - if we didn't want to eat out and about it would have suited us very nicely. The rooms had wooden floors, but we didn't experience any noise from other rooms at all... they give you little slippers to wear around the room. The rooms were basic, the bathrooms I guess were a little on the small side - but so long as one person goes in at a time then you will have no problems! We were a little disappointed with the lack of power in the shower, but then on our last morning, we found a switch on the shower tap, that turned the pressure up!!! Typical :o) Location was good, 15 minute walk or so to Paddington where you could get the best choice of tube lines from, felt very safe along the route there. With a couple of nice pubs along the way too to break up the walk!It was a perfect little hotel for a couple of nights in the big smoke - I'd stay here again without hesitation... All in all, very good, satisfied customers, and I	
May 11 2009 	Small rooms good location	I spent 4 days in Caesar hotel. Don't fool with the pics on the web site. I think they took that photos with wide angel :) The rooms are really so small even that Hobbits can complain :)The location is good, I didn't try the food and expect hotel to be cheaper.	
Apr 29 2009 	not what it looks like on the website...	Stayed at the Caesar 25-26th April, arrived at 1pm thinking we'd be able to order food from the bar before checking in only to be told food could not be ordered until after 2pm...On checking in £50 deposit either by credit card or cash to ensure charges to room would be paid for..never experienced this before in any hotel throughout the world.Had booked a single room, well , this was so so small, plus it was an adjoining room so didn't feel overly safe and it was next to the lifts..tried to change rooms but told fully booked although I knew this was incorrect..Only one pillow in the room which was so flat and thin..air con would not go below 20 and 2 ceiling lights were blown.Safe in room would not closeLocation was good, about 5 mins walk from Bayswater but that was the only plus point of the hotel.None of the staff went out of their way to even make you feel welcome or help in any way,Overpriced, understaffed and very poor value for money.	
Apr 14 2009 	Welcome to the land of Lilliput	On arrival met by friendly staff and directed to our room, Small does not describe it.. ! Put it this way if staying in a double room with someone I hope you are not built on the larger side! The 'double bed' is more like a single plus a little bit! The smallest double bed I have ever seen! on the plus side it did cause a lot of comedy value! we laughed at the prospect of the nights sleep that beckoned! Looking out of the window at the view we were below ground level and the view was another window immediately opposite and the dirty walls...not ideal! Neither of us had a signal on our mobile phones and we asked if it were possible to be moved to a room on a higher level. The staff were very accomodating and showed us another room where we would get a phone signal and we were moved almost immediately, the room, bed and bathroom were still the smallest I have ever seen! Breakfast was average in the morning. The biggest plus of this hotel was the staff, all very friendly and accomodating.	
Mar 25 2009 	Good location relevant to price and 3 stars	Typical london hotel, good looking hotel with small rooms, rude staff, heating out of service, small lobby, small restaurant. Recommend to ask lower level to have a larger room.	
Mar 20 2009 	Good location but nothing special	I have stayed in this hotel a couple times during business trips. The lobby is very small and the staff is not very pleasant. The rooms are extremely small but this is typical for London. The first time the radiator was turned on and it was very hot; in the room, however I managed to adjust is myself. However, the rooms are clean and quite nicely decorated with dark wooden floors. The location of the hotel is very good; from London airport to Paddington station and then a short walking distance to the hotel. The tube station is a couple of blocks away with a straight connection to the City. For leasurly walks, Kensington Gardens and the Hyde Park are near. For holiday travel I would choose a hotel from the Queens Gardens area but not especially this particular hotel.	
Mar 14 2009 	Great location	My adult daughters &amp; I stayed in the Caesar for 3 nights at the end of February. We were delighted with the hotel. The location is great..in a very quiet residential street &amp; only 5 minutes' walk from Paddington Tube station. Our rooms (! twin &amp; 1 single) were small, but clean &amp; nicely furnished. Both rooms had flat-screen TVs &amp; nice en-suites. Continental breakfast was included.. I didn't expect much of this but was very pleasantly surprised by both the quality &amp; quantity of food on offer. Staff were very helpful too.All in all, a great discovery. We'd certainly go back!	
Feb 23 2009 	Terrible service and tiny rooms - won't be going back	I booked this hotel at the same time as booking theatre tickets. The offer seemed very reasonable for 2 nights in London and by looking at the pictures on the hotel website, it seemed like good value for what looked like a really nice hotel.The hotel was a 10 minute walk from Paddington tube station and is on a quiet residential street. The hotel lobby was clean and tidy and the staff were polite - at this point. Our room was very small for a double, just enough room for a small double bed and a wardrobe with sliding doors (there wouldn't have been enough room for them to open outwards!). The 'view' out of the window was of the back of the kitchen and a sort of narrow lightwell, which was disappointing. The bathroom was long and narrow with a shower but no bath. There were no drawers, but a small flat screen TV and a tea/coffee tray were available. We unpacked and went out for the evening, but when we returned just before midnight, the first thing we noticed when entering the room was a really loud extractor fan type noise coming from outside the window. I attempted to get to sleep (with earplugs) but after 20 minutes I gave up and rang reception. The man on the other end of the phone said he would come to the room and see what the noise was. He said he would be there within 5 minutes but after 10 minutes he hadn't arrived. My partner went to reception where he was rudely asked 'have you touched something in the room?' implying that we had somehow managed to cause a loud noise coming from outside the room......He told my partner he would meet us back in the room within 10 minutes, but again, this didn't happen. By this point it was getting quite late and my partner had to go back to reception to ask them to move us to another room so that we could get some sleep. The man said they only had a basement room free (?). The porter showed my partner down to the room to check it would be okay and on passing the window in the corridor which looked out onto the bottom of the 'lightwell' and hearing the fans he said to my partner that no one could sleep with that noise! The room that we were moved to had two single beds pushed together, which made for a much bigger bed than the previous room, but it was still as small, again no drawers and this time the window straight into the restaurant which meant we had to keep the curtains closed. My partner was told that the next day we would be upgraded to an executive room.Breakfast was continental and the service was okay, but not great, the food was fine. We had to ask if we could have some tea and then had to wait 10 minutes for it, the French guests on the next table were fussed over and had several members of staff offering to bring them food from the buffet??When we got back to the hotel that afternoon, we were given the keycard to our new room, which unbelievably, was even smaller than the other two. Same facilities as the other two and this time a view of the back of some flats. There were no apologies at any point and check out was abrupt and unfriendly. I won't be going back there, nor will I be recommending it. For the prices I paid, you could get a much nicer hotel with far, far bigger rooms and probably far more polite service!	
Feb 22 2009 	Not Bad But There Are Better London Hotels Out There	I was in London on a business trip to a student film festival with my mum, and had booked a twin room on The Caesar's Derby Hotel website. I had received a booking confirmation, which I had printed, and even a 'reminder' email a few days before my check-in, confirming my reservations again. However, upon arriving at the hotel, I was told that they had no record of my booking and asked which website it had been booked through. After informing them that I'd booked through The Caesar website, I was told we'd have to wait for someone from the reservations department to come down and speak to me, despite reassurance that there were available rooms and I would still be catered for. This all appeared confusing and unnecessary, but after 25 minutes of sitting in reception, the girl at the reception desk received a phone call, rechecked the system and found that my reservations had magically appeared. With the matter resolved, we were able to leave our bags and check in later the evening. The twin room was quite small, but big enough for a short stay for two. The bathroom was an adequate size, with a bath/shower. It was very clean, tea and coffee facilities and bathroom products provided. Despite being in a predominately residential area, there was music played at night, so I would suggest requesting a room on the second floor or higher. We stayed on the second floor, and while it was audible, it was in no way invasive or loud. Upon check-out, we were again able to leave our bags and collect them later that day. Overall, it was a fine stay, despite some initial difficulties. However, while The Caesar was a perfectly decent hotel, there are better stays for similar prices elsewhere in London. Ultimately, I would recommend it, but only after some serious hotel-hunting first. If you do book, take a copy of your reservations!	
Jan 30 2009	Great little hotel	I stayed at the Caesar for one night with my mother and my older sister. We had initially booked the room for the two of us, but in the last minute my sister wanted to join. We arrived at the hotel and were met by a great staff. The people in the reception were friendly and told us that there was no problem that we were 3. I wouldn't call the room small, more like cozy. We had one large bed, and one sofa on a lower level (a bit like a mezzanine). It was really nice! I would absolutely come back here. The noise from the hallway was noticable, but it did not bother me at all.	
Jan 23 2009 	disappointing stay	We checked into the Ceasar Hotel and on first impressions we liked the small but clean lobby - we didn't find the man at reception friendly and when we saw the room - it was very small indeed. When I returned to reception they informed me that we had been upgraded to a larger room and that this was the largest size of rooms they had. We couldn't get to sleep until three in the morning because of loud rock music coming from nearby. The breakfast next morning was continental and very nice- the waiting staff were lovely and very helpful - nothing was too much trouble. The next evening we couldn't get hot water in our room so we were moved to another room but when we saw it - it was smaller than the one we were in - we complained about this but the guy at reception just changed us back to our orginal room - just awful service - no help whatsoever. I would not stay at this hotel again and although its in a nice area and near all the tube stations I am sure there must be a nicer hotel somewhere else that we will choose next time.	
Jan 16 2009 	just what we wanted	Great hotel, clean &amp; very friendly staff..Reception staff very helpful too..Breakfast was good, only downside was the size of the room, slightly smallish..but than we didn't stay indoors much!!!	
Jan 13 2009	Great Hotel Fantastic Staff	I have just come back from a weekend break at The Caesar and I was extremely impressed with the hotel. Although the building is a period property, the interior is very bright and modern with clean lines. The bedrooms were pretty small but well equipped and I thought the beds were very comfortable. If you need another pillow, just call reception and they will bring you one.The staff were exceptional, without a doubt the friendliest bunch I have come across in years, always smiling and willing to help. They made our stay a very pleasant experience.The hotel seems to be Spanish-owned and the tapas and wine served in the bar were very good, as was the breakfast.I would definitely stay here again and as a travel agent I would not hesitate in recommending it to clients.	
Jan 12 2009 	not worth staying at	I stayed at the Ceasar ad looked forward to visit this so called design hotel. The facade looks intriging with its big pots of greens outside- but thats basically the highpoint of the hotel.Worst is that the rooms are so small and the noise from the hallway woke me up several times during the night. The hotel had the feeling of being a wreck covered in paint.Plus of the hotel is near location to Hyde Park -but so many hotels have that.	
Jan 4 2009	Very smart hotel	The hotel is in the Bayswater region of London, next to the north end of Hyde Park. While not central, its a ride on the underground to get to all the attractions. Its a very smart hotel and is very near to the Queensway and Lancaster gate underground stations. The booked a single room, but was pleasantly surprised to find I had a double bed. The room was very quite because it was at the back and not facing a street. The bathroom was big, seperate shower and bath. Breakfast was included. I managed to get it for £50 a night through a mystery offer on Lastminute.com. So shop around as the prices in their website seem to be double this!	
Dec 13 2008 	Nice stay - staff brilliant	After reading some reviews I was a bit worried about my stay here but seen as we got the room for £99 a night in November I thought I'd put up and bare it, fortunately it was better then expected. Ok the area's not brilliant but the tube is only 10-15 min walk and then you can be wherever you want. The staff from begining to end couldn't do enough for us, on check in we were given a map which had discount vouchers to be used in restaurants and shops in London (our favourite was Bellaitalia as it had 20% off) and was only round the corner.Yes the room is small as my husband pointed out, but previoulsy I stayed in a 3* Thistel hotel in Kensington and this was a huge improvement on all aspects of that stay. It could of done with some more wardrobe space or draws but we had come for a 4 day stay and hadn't packed light.The breakfast was lovely, if you don't want to pay extra its only continental but I found there was enough to fill me.All in all I would go again.	
Dec 12 2008 	Very Handy	The Ceaser is a newly renovated hotel which was very clean and we managed to get quite a good rate with the excellent breakfast included. The room was small (but you expect that in London) but well designed (ie. room under the bed to store the bags). Walking distance from 4 tube stations and not far from Paddington railway station either.Hotel staff were able to accommodate our 9am arrival, which was great after a 36 hour flight from Australia. There are a few restaurants around the place if you feel like eating out, can recommend the Malaysian place across the road and a couple of bars just down the street. The greatest bonus was that the hop on hop off bus can drop you off at the end of the street at the petrol station.	
Dec 5 2008 	Rock Hard Bed	Stayed for 1 night and thought the hotel reception and bar etc looked great BUT the bed was the worst bed we have ever slept in it was like concrete and it turned out to be 2 single beds pushed together. Also the TV turned itself off every 5 minutes and when we told reception it was apparently happening with every TV in the hotel but no apology offered. The bath was a small bath so you couldnt lay down and Im not tall. The hotel was clean and very modern and very local to 2 tube stations.	
Nov 29 2008 	Excellent renovated hotel near Paddington Station	We booked this hotel last minute for one night because we missed our flight back to the US and the next available flight was the following day. We arrived about an hour after we booked online so they didn’t yet have our information in their system (which is understandable) and they needed 5 minutes to access the reservation data, while we waited we were offered complementary drinks at the bar. Once the wait was over, our bags had already been brought up to the room and we just had to sign the paperwork.The location was nice, a short walk from Paddington Station, plenty of convenience stores and small restaurants near by. Like most London hotels the rooms are very small, especially compared to hotels in the United States. The hotel is in an old housing complex (extremely common in London) that appears to be very recently renovated. The inside is clean and modern. The room it's self was very clean and had a contemporary style. The bathroom was not quite as nice as the rest of the room, but still clean and acceptable. Free WiFi was available in the lobby and room.	
Nov 24 2008 	Postage stamp size rooms	While the hotel staff seem fairly attentive, they had a low rate of success resolving our requests... The major issue with this hotel, though, is the size and standard of the rooms. The first room we were given was just slightly larger than the king (or queen) bed in it (a foot or so in either direction)! In other words, if you'd like to move around, change clothes etc, you'd better use the bath room, or go outside. The room was clean, but lacking amenities one would expect from a 4-star hotel. This goes for the hotel as a whole. The only upside in my opinion is the location and relatively quiet street it's on.	
Nov 16 2008 	Excellent Accommoation	The hotel is ideally situated just 10 minutes from Bayswater Underground and quite near Hyde Park which was a joy to walk through on an Autumn day. The staff were most helpful and welcoming. Nothing was too much trouble when it came to giving us advice on the best routes to different places. Our room was spotless and, yes, a little small but what do you expect for the price and for London. Breakfast more than adequate and nicely served. We would not hesitate to stay there agai n and have already strongly recommended it to many friends.	
Nov 3 2008 	Best place I ever stayed in London	The Caesar was a very pleasant place to spend a few nights. Everything was clean and the staff was very kind and professional.We even were allowed a very early check in.The breakfast was excellent, plenty of fruit, bread and cheese.I would love to come back and will recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 31 2008 	Ok but nothing special	I stayed in Caesar's for one night - some aspects good, some not so good. The hotel was pretty convenient for Paddington - about a 10 minute walk from the station and was in a very quiet street. The hotel was well decorated and the room looked nice too. One of the things that let the place down was that the front desk staff weren't particularly efficient and we had to wait quite some time while people who were in the queue behind us checked out. Even after that they didn't have a room ready for us (it wasn't THAT early either). When we got back to the hotel later on and finally go into the room it was pretty nice but the beds were poor quality (similar to a travleodge) and there was only one ridiculously flimsy pillow on each bed (no additional pillows in the wardrobe). The room got really hot over night so I got up to turn on the AC to find it didn't work.I got a good deal on expedia for flights + hotel so I didn't mind these issues too much. That said, if I was paying the rack rate for the room I would have felt short changed. I wouldn’t say to avoid this hotel necessarily, just don't expect too much from it when you book.	
Oct 28 2008 	Not bad	Not bad, but less than i expected.Staff is really helpful and friendly!Oriental smell in the lobby - for those, who like it.	
Oct 22 2008 	Okay no huge complaints	I would say the Hotel Caesar was okay, but I can’t rave about it. Positives, good location, fairly easy walking distance to a busy street and Underground stations. Loved the breakfast, lots of fresh fruits, great croissants and pastries and hot food prepared when you ordered it. The staff was pleasant, especially the staff working in the restaurant for breakfast. Negatives, very small room, also we were on the ground floor with a window at street level so I didn’t feel as though I had much privacy or could safely leave the window open. No air conditioning so the room got stuffy and warm. This is minor but I tried to order room service and they were out of absolutely everything that I would have ordered. Depending on the price I would consider staying here again, but I wouldn’t go running back.	
Oct 19 2008 	Frustrating and claustrophobic	My wife and I stayed for just the one night. We've stayed in London hotels before, at cheaper prices, and were expecting a good standard at this four star hotel. We were disappointed. The Caesar felt inferior to the previous hotels we visited in London. We stayed in the Deluxe Double room and it was extremely small. The toiletries, such as shower gel and shampoo, were not enough for one nights stay. The couch had a large noticeable stain. I lost sleep due to the thin walls. The carpets in the corridor were filthy. We received a phone call at 10am for what I can only presume was a wake up call for those checking out. It felt like we were being treated as children.The main gripe however was with reception. The receptionist tried to charge us £200 too much and it was a stressful experience in correcting him; that needed his manager. Checking out was a frustrating experience to say the least.I would not go as far to say the hotel was awful. If you don't mind small spaces then The Caesar fulfils its function albeit at an inflated price.	
Oct 11 2008 	No siesta	Our stay started off very badly with the Spanish-speaking receptionist unable to find our room. After 20 minutes he grudgingly found our name. We loved the location of the hotel and the breakfast, but we were amazed that it was not possible to have housekeeping finish cleaning our room before 4 p.m. We like to take a nap between 1 and 3 p.m. but that was not possible during our entire stay of 5 days. The receptionist said it was not possible and the please do our room sign didn't help either. Communication was limited as all personnel seemed to be Spanish speaking. Speaking English was either difficult or impossible for them.We were also surprized to find a handyman re-doing the fungus covered parts of the shower after 4 p.m. but then just decided to use our room in spite of his presence.All in all, it was a very expensive, tiny room with very limited use by the hotel guests.The hotel did whatever they wanted to do with OUR expensive room whenever they wanted. We'll never stay there again.	
Sep 30 2008 	let down at check in	The first point to delight is at check in, so The Caesar let me down from the start. After giving my details and waiting while the receptionist clicked away, I was told that my room was cancelled. It did get sorted of course but the manner was curt. The room was very small. The smallest I have ever stayed in. I would say that the room facilities were basic and would question the 4 star. On balance a Travel Inn would have served me better. At least one knows what one is going to get with them and they always deliver. The rooms are larger and the room facilities, tea and coffee, hairdryer are exactly the same as in The Caesar	
Sep 27 2008 	Small but good Value	We stayed there 2 nights and were very satisfied. The rooms are very small but it didn't disturb since we were constantly out and only used the room to sleep.The staff is friendly, the rooms clean, the continental breakfast very good and finally the hotel is well located (5min to Queensway / 10min to Paddington). The proximity to Hyde Park is very convenient as well (Direct bus to Picadilly). After seeing all the other negative London hotel reviews we were really anxious to stumble across a crapy hotel but were positively surprised and would go there again without any doubts	
Sep 17 2008 	Ok but not spectacular	We stayed at The Caesar in April 2008 for one night whilst we spent time in London. The hotel staff were polite and helpful, the hotel itself was undergoing some renovation in the lobby which was not attractive to look at but i guess it was necessary. the room was very modern and well decorated if a little small. The location is OK, although parking can be a nightmare (that's London for you) and there isn't much in the surrounding area in terms of nightlife. All in all, reasonably priced and clean and tidy.	
Sep 6 2008 	A good London Base	We stayed here for a week and it was nice and central with three tibe stations near by and Kensington Gardens only a block or so away. Breakfasts were good. Wifi access was not working on the upper floors.	
Sep 2 2008 	Definitely NOT a 4* hotel	For the price paid and the product offered- a 4* hotel this was anything but. First the room was supposed to be a standard double- instead they gave us two single beds joined together!!! We then asked to be moved and were given a standard double room that had been renovated. It was ok but a bit sterile and that new paint smell lingered. The bathroom was tiny and had yellow mildew in the tub.Then the plug sockets did not work so I could not charge my phone. The room was in the basement of the hotel and there was no reception on my phone. My friend who is on a different network to me their phone didn’t work either. therefore to use our mobiles we had to leave the room and go up to the first floor- very inconvenient to say the least!! at one point we couldn’t be bothered to do this so we had to use the phone in the room provided by the hotel which is very expensive. We then ordered a Margareta pizza (veggie) and were bought one 15 mins later with bits of ham!! ridiculous!! we sent it back and it took them an hour to get what we had originally asked for. Finally- the air con did not work. Would have been bearable if we were not in the basement but we were and it became very hot very quickly. I asked for a fan and when we got one we couldn’t plug it in because the sockets were not working so we had to phone reception who replaced the sockets for us. I only realised when I checked in that the hotel was being renovated- if I was told this on the website I would booked another hotel. The room was a disaster for us. Only saving grace was the staff were pleasant and helpful throughout but that is of little consolation when everything else is dire.	
Aug 18 2008 	Not a great stay	I stayed for one night and will not return again. I telephoned the day before to ask if i caould have an early check in, i was advised this will be no problem as the hotel wasnt full that night. When i came to check in i was told there was no way i could check in before 2pm and the hotel was at full occupancy. When i questioned further and the receptionist realised i was talking about single rooms she corrected herself and said we could check in and the single rooms were not full (obviously it was still a plus point that we could check in early) The room was a big let down, tiny, infact the smallest hotel room i have ever stayed in, i was put just above the kitchen area where i could hear them chatting and shouting early in the morning. The bar was well stocked however language barriers with the staff meant it was difficult to order or ask for anything. The walls are paper thin and you can hear everything through them. The place was clean and was in a good location however i wished i spent £20 more and stayed somewhere better.	
Aug 18 2008 	Excellent	I spend a week-end with my wife at this hotel and everything was great. The room is small but clean and the furniture is brand new or very well kept. The room service is also very good as the reception too.Location is also great. Quiet and very nice surroundings.We had a great time and for sure I will try to book this hotel again when I travel to London.	
Aug 7 2008 	Good Value	We stayed here for three nights and were pleased with the hotel. Like many hotels in London they do not have A/C which can be a problem in the summertime. But they do have fans which you can request (although they don't have a lot, so if you stay here, and it's going to be hot ask early for one). The rooms are small though nicely decorated and clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location is very nice, a short walk to Paddington, Queensway, and Bayswater tube stations.	
Aug 7 2008 	Great hotel	I would definitely recommend the Caesar Hotel in London. For starters, the price was reasonable and I felt it was excellent value for money, considering what else was on offer at that price. The hotel is very well located, the Queensway Tube station is just a short walk away and there is a bus stop at the end of Leinster Terrace for buses going directly into Westminster, which only took about twenty minutes.The hotel itself is lovely. I really liked the modern decor. My single room was quite small but had everything I needed, including tea/coffee making facilities.The area is nice and quiet and I didn't have any problems with noise which was a relief as I am quite a light sleeper.I found the staff in the hotel to be pleasant, courteous and attentive.The full English breakfast was a bit on the expensive side but you do get a lot of food for your money, more than I could eat anyway!Overall I would recommend this hotel and will definitely stay there again the next time I find myself in London.	
Jul 14 2008 	Excellent value	I can't fault this hotel when it comes to value for money. It is recently refurbished and accordingly the rooms are spotless. The single rooms are, admittedly, tiny. But so what? They are clean, clean, clean and if you're visiting London how much time do you spend in your hotel room? The staff are wonderful with a capital W. They simply cannot do enough to please. They are so friendly. I can't praise them enough. I would definitely stay in this hotel again if I were going to London. Good location, brilliant staff, clean, newly refurbished, what more can I say? Oh, DON'T stay in room 518. If you're a single traveller ask for any other but that one. It is the room I stayed in and it must be close to either storerooms or the larder. It is SO noisy. They were banging around from 5am in the morning, it was as if they had a herd of elephants in there, but I can't criticise the hotel too much for that. I'm a light sleeper. I will just insist on a different room next time.	
Jun 26 2008 	Not all that impressed	I stayed in a single room for 2 nights whilst in London on business. I picked the hotel because of it's location, in Bayswater. I have stayed in the area before and find it very quiet despite the fact it is fairly central (5 minute walk from Hyde Park)My bed was comfortable and the room was decorated in a modern style but sadly that's about it for the compliments. My room overlooked a tiny courtyard and basically looked straight across into another room. There was no air conditioning and I found my room really hot (it was about 24 degrees outside)The walls had obviously not been painted when the room was last updated as they were shabby looking. The bottom of the shower screen in the tiny bathroom was not properly cleaned, and the grouting in the shower was dull (but I am picky about bathrooms!)The floor creaked quite a bit, and every time someone walked past my room i felt the floor move as well as being able to hear every word people outside said. I could hear people in the next room too and could make out every word they said. I even swear I heard someone splashing in the bath!It seems i might have got a raw deal but for £94 a night even in London I did expect something a bit nicer. All I can say is, if you're allocated room 516, ask to be moved somewhere else!	
Jun 7 2008 	A Good Choice	We stayed at The Caesar for one night in June whilst on a short break to London. We arrived quite early in the day but a room was ready for us. The hotel was around a 10 minute walk to Lancaster Gate tube station and at night we took a black cab from a theatre on The Strand back to the hotel and it cost a little under 20 quid. The room was spotless and had mineral water, chocolates and plenty of towels. It was quiet at night and the bed was comfortable. We had a buffet breakfast included in our deal which was of a pretty good standard. All in all a good base for our needs.	
May 29 2008 	Reasonable	I stayed at this hotel in mid-January. It was easy to find, and a short(ish) walk from the tube within a popular area for hotels and over looking a communal garden. I found the staff to be very friendly throughout my stay and always cheerful.My room was small, but adequate and furnished in a contemporary style. The bathroom was tiny, but sufficient and had both a bath and overhead shower.I liked this hotel, my only concern was the size of the room, but for the price I think this is to be expected in London. This is certainly a clean, friendly, good quality hotel, if you only want somewhere to sleep.	
May 29 2008 	Conveniently located	Very conveniently located and easy to find halal food for muslims. The hotel is near the Lancaster Gate and Queensway tube station. Don't expect the staff to talk much and explain much. Otherwise, the room does worth the money we paid. We didn't take the breakfast as we can find many restaurants around there.	
May 20 2008 	Okay - air con would be nice	Stayed at the Caesar for 4 nights - arrived at midday but couldn't check in until after 2. It's free to leave your luggage though.Our first room was on the first floor to the rear of the hotel and was the size of a shoe box. We had a view of a flat roof covered in cigarette butts. We asked to be moved and were given a room at the front of the hotel on the 3rd floor. The room was better but very hot. They advertise on their website that rooms are individually heated - I naively assumed they could be individually cooled. There is no air conditioning - just a radiator. Hardly a feature of luxury, and not much use when it's 27/81 degrees. We had to leave our window open throughout most of our stay, but the heat was unbearable and it was difficult sleeping.Considering its proximity to Bayswater Road, Queens Gardens is a quiet, attractive street. Unless a house opposite is having a party, playing loud dance music until after 3am. Closing the single glazed window made virtually no difference.The hotel looks pretty good/modern, staff were quite friendly and the continental breakfast included in our deal was more than sufficient. But if you can, find a hotel with air con if you're staying in London between May and September.	
May 9 2008	Very Nice	Stayed here with a group during March 2008. The staff at the hotel were always ready to help, and were very informative. Theres free internet access. The hotel is also on a really quiet oldstyle street. Which caused a great night sleep. There was one problem with some very loud people, but a call to the front desk would solve it in seconds. The rooms had hardwood floors, and very comfortable beds. The Caesar is a great starting point, its a quick walk to Queensway Tube Station, and the Bus Station. Its really close to Hyde Park, and its really easy to get around.The continental breakfast is a huge ripoff... Theres some great waffles on Queensway Street, which is about a five minute walk from the hotel. Would stay there again	
May 6 2008 	A good choice	We stayed three days at the Caesar in the end of April. Booked on-line a double room well advance, but upgraded to an executive double a day before arrival. After reading all these reviews it definitely seems to have been the right choice.As we arrived at 10 am we didn't really expect to have a room made ready for us. However, the guys at the reception found this of no trouble and transferred us to another room than was originally booked for us. Some might say the staff aren't really welcoming, but I guess it has more to do with them not speaking good English than being rude or impolite. Our room was in the third floor and facing the neighboring building. So no good views, but no big windows either. However, the room was bright and relatively spacious. We even had a small living area with a sofa and coffee table. Everything was spotless and well looked after. And what a nice surprise to have wooden floors in a London hotel! The bathroom was basic, English style with a small bath tub. Basic toiletries were provided, but you should bring your own shampoos, conditioners etc.The only thing we missed in our room was a mini bar, or rather a cooler for beverages. Though outside was well over 20 degrees and the sun shone directly through the windows, it was comfortably fresh inside. And all the windows do open, contrary to what has been said here before.The breakfast was ok, but why not try Patisserie Valerie on Queensway? They have marvellous almond croissants. Or have your own brunch at the Hyde Park!	
Apr 24 2008 	Brilliant!!	I have just returned from this hotel and it was fabulous. I have stayed in a few hotels in London over the last 2 years and I must say this one tops them all. The bedrooms (I had a single) but it was more like a queen sized bed and the room had plenty of room, bathroom small but hey you only go to the loo and get washed in it!!! But it was well equipt, clean and also had toiletries. Even down to 3 chocolate brazil nuts in a little dish and a bottle of still water. The reception staff I came across 5 different ones and found them all friendly and polite. Even down to me arriving at 9.30am and was given my room at 9.45am!!Breakfast not sure if things have chaged from the last review but i found the buffet breakfast brilliant, fresh melon, ornage, pineapple, about 5 different meats, tea and coffee, 3 or 4 different cheeses, 6 choices of cereals, yoghurts, fresh juice, different pastries and rolls. There must have been a choice of about 30 different things for breakfast and thenn on top of that there was a cooked breakfast if you wanted to pay extra for that. The breakfast room was large and airy and all staff friendly. yes it was busy I went down at about 8am but hey it was only a few minutes that people had to wait for a table.I didnt try the evening meal as I wanted to go to the Madarin restuarant in Queensway.On my depature it was all hasle free and I left my luggage til about 5pm at the hotel which was not a problem at all, was also given a red rose on departure, which was a nice touch.All in all a gem of a place at a good price and I would 100% go back again.	
Apr 22 2008 	Great hotel	From glasgowStayed in Caesers for 3 nights,sfaff friendly ,good location.Nearest underground is Bayswater and Queensway. Hotel is good location for Hyde Park. There is a pub called The Swan nearby, which has good live music.. We would recommend this hotel and would stay here again in the future.	
Apr 11 2008 	pleasant but average	Me and my boyfriend stayed here for two nights for our anniversary. Overall it was a nice, quiet and relatively small hotel that was well kept and clean. The room itself was very small and the bathroom wasnt great but we had good views out onto a nice leafy residential street.Only had a few issues with the hotel such as: the staff werent very welcoming. it wasnt that they were rude, just very subdued and didnt say much at all. Also the continental breakfast leaves much to be desired!Very close to tube station and the main bayswater street had a couple of ok restaurants on it.In general had a pleasant stay. However would not recommend this for a stay longer than a couple of nights.	
Mar 26 2008 	modern hotel.. good location ...	Just returned from the caesar hotel, its in a lovely tree lined road which is lovely to see the tree tops when you wake up ( we were on the third floor) it is very modern.. so no cosy things but its clean and well kept. The reception staff were fantastic always willing to help.. maps, taxis, advice, extra pillows, nothing was too much trouble for them..The bedroom was very small as was the bathroom. but it wasnt a problem. Nice firm matress to. its a ten min walk to hyde park, with pubs and restaurants nearby.. the swan is a great pub thats nearby. .. The continental breakfast was adequate with lovely hot rolls....the staff were polite and helpful.. The bar was expensive but then you expect that in a hotel.. They were installing a small gym downstairs at time of writing. the lifts worked well and all in all it was an efficiently run hotel with a good team there.. ..... even got a pair of hotel slippers in the room!... nice ....	
Mar 24 2008 	Very nice hotel	Stayed for two nights, and had a very plesant stay. Helpful staff, and nice, newly upgraded rooms. Nice, quiet location close to underground stations. Will consider this hotel for our next stay.	
Mar 8 2008 	Fantastic Stay!	I stayed for one night, in room 124. The hotel staff were polite and happy to help with any questions we had. They gave us a map of London and told us which tube stations were the best for us to access the city center. The room was clean, tidy and suited customers using it as a base for exploring. The staff were happy for us to leave our luggage at the hotel for the second day (as we didn't have a room to keep it in).When i need to stay in London next I will defiantly consider revisiting the Caesar.	
Mar 3 2008 	Enjoyed My Stay	I booked my stay at the Caesar through Wotif.com, and it absolutely exceeded my expectations. The staff were charming and helpful on my arrival, and for the duration of my stay. The entrance and reception of the hotel are attractive and very well appointed. Although I didnt make use of the small bar, it looked lovely. My single room was small but perfectly formed. The bed was very comfortable and the there was enough room for my belongings for this short stay. The bathroom was great, with a bath and shower. The room service menu was not so enticing, but there are many restuarant options nearby. The location is very convenient, with Bayswater tubestation just a short walk away. I would definitely stay here again, it was a lovely place to return at the end of a busy day sightseeing and shopping!	
Mar 2 2008	Rare find in London	Just stayed at the Caesar hotel Bayswater for the first time and was delighted to find such a pleasant location and an extremely well priced London hotel (£99.00 a night). Good service, very clean and contemporaray and near to several tube stations. The easiest tube is the Bayswater one, and Bayswater itself has some great places to eat. We ate at the Sadaf Restaurant 27 Westbourne Grove the first night Tel [--]-good middle Eastern food and very reasonable. The second night we found a gem of a chinese opposite the Bayswater tube -very busy even at 18.45 called The Four Seasons-the best chinese food we have ever eaten. Tel [--]	
Feb 23 2008 	Caesar was good	Handy location, nice staff and clean room. They upgraded us to an executive room which was good of them - slightly dodgy shower but we didn't mind too much. Really no major complaints at all, would recommend a stay here.	
Feb 19 2008	Good location	I stayed in this hotel in April 2007. It is not in the center of london, but its a very well located Hotel, in a calm and luxury residential zone. Between Nothing Hill and Paddington Station, in 10min. you are in the Tube.  It is a small hotel, but very confortable and clean.Disadvantages: - The rooms are very small,  - the breakfast included in the price..is very poor.You have another type but you need to pay a lot more to have the full continental breakfast..Is wrong publicity.:)Although, all the staff is very nice and cool.Overall is a good choice!!	
Feb 13 2008 	Small room for a 4*	Stayed here for one night in February. I booked a twin room for £80 through alpharooms. The hotel is within walking distance of Paddington station (about 10 mins walk). The room that we were allocated was very small. The room was a twin room but not really big enough for two people. The room was in the basement and was very dark. The window looked on to another wall. There was no bath, just a tiny bathroom with a shower. The hotel and room was very clean and the breakfast (continental) was fine.	
Jan 8 2008 	Wrong choice	I went to London for my honeymoon in November and from all the hotels I found in the Internet, I chose to book at the Caesar. The hotel is situated in Bayswater but not close enough to any metro station... I don't mind walking, but when it is winter and there is cold, wind and heavy rain I'd rather not....The room was extremely small, depressive.The bathroom has not been renovated and the toilet's lid was broken...Their continental breakfast was too expensive and it had no variety of food. The staff wasn't helpful with us, they actually seemed to me to be a bit snobbish... In general, this hotel is only for young people who don't really care about the comfort of their sojourn...	
Nov 25 2007 	Excellent location great hotel	Exellent location for anyone wanting to explore London, just down the road from Lancaster Gate tube.Arrived early and one of our two rooms was ready, absolutely lovely room very modern decor.Breakfast was included but we all paid extra for a buffet breakfast which was very nice.Would recomend as a base to visit all the London sights and the added bonus of the lovely rooms.Our bags were stored for us when we checked out so we could spend that day without having to carry our luggage around	
Oct 12 2007	Caesar was good	I have just returned from London where I stayed at the Caesar Hotel for one week. I had a first floor room. It was modern, clean, with a street outlook. Because of previous reviews I was anxious but found the hotel very satisfactory. It's close to Hyde Park, train stations, shopping etc. The rooms are small, although there is a good sized bath in the bathroom! The staff were not especially engaging, and the continental breakfast was very modest (no fruit, just rolls etc). The rooms were centrally heated, however, staff turned it off because it was too hot, and the windows did open just a little. You will have to manage your own luggage without assistance.	
Sep 30 2007 	Good...For London	I stayed at the Caesar for two nights. The lobby area was well decorated, once I got up to my floor I was a little worried about what I was in for - the halls were dingy, the carpets old. I was surprised to fnd that my room was lovely. The room by North American standards was quite small, but for London, it was averge size, the bathroom was large and clean.I lost my passport during my stay here and the night staff was not that helpful, but when I got up the next morning the manager had the whole situation under control and offered me free breakfast at the hotel.I stayed at the Caesar during an industrial action of underground staff so I used the bus system for my stay and found it to be easy and efficient to navigate and there was a stop very close to the hotel.	
Sep 15 2007 	Nice decor shame about the view!	The hotel reception was very modern, clean and fresh. I was really looking forward to seeing my room but I was very disappointed. We were given a room in the basement and the standard of decor in the corridor on the way to the room was of a lesser standard to that of the other floors. I was already starting to feel like a second class citizen! The view from our room was of a small, scruffy courtyard where a door had been blocked up by a piece of chipboard. At this point I felt I was second class! The room itself was well decorated but very small. I should have asked for a different room but I was only stopping one night and was in a rush to go out that evening.I loved the toiletries in the bathroom, very trendy. It was great to have a hospitality tray but where were the biscuits!The staff were very friendly. I really enjoyed the buffet continental breakfastI would stay at this hotel but I would ensure that I was not in the dungeon!	
Sep 8 2007 	Good value for London	Stayed 1 night in a double room which I had booked through Expedia (only £78). The room was small and there was no view but I wasn't expecting much for the price. I too was annoyed about having to pay the £50 deposit albeit I had pre paid the room. The room was too warm and couldn't be cooled down with the window being left opened (the window looked out onto a small enclosed space) so sleeping was difficult. That said, the shower was great. Would probably stay there again (not during the summer!) especially if I had another early train from Paddington.	
Aug 17 2007 	Definately recommend The Caesar!	I booked the Caesar as I needed to be close to the Heathrow Express. The cab journey from Paddington took just 5mins, probably walkable but with a suit case in tow a cab was the easy option (don't be put off by the cab queue it moves really quickly).Having previously let the hotel know I'd be arriving early I was very happy to find my room all ready, plus having booked a single room I was delighted to be upgraded to a double. I found the hotel staff really helpful and friendly. The hotel was fresh &amp; funky and importantly the room was clean.I'd definately recommend staying here.	
Jul 29 2007 	Very pleasant experience	I booked this hotel only a few days before arriving, during a brief stay in London and was very pleased with the whole experience.I booked a single room, but upon arrival was upgraded to a bigger room. The room was spotlessly clean, nicely furnished and had a very comfortable bed. Even though a previous reviewer complained about it, the bathroom was more than big enough, clean and the toiletries pack in the bathroom was more than adequate.The staff were very professional and accommodating, offering information and maps without prompting. The location is excellent, right near Paddington Station if arriving on the train from Heathrow.The breakfast service was great - good fresh healthy food with lots of variety.I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again, it was the best hotel experience I have had in London.	
Jul 25 2007 	Excellent value lovely hotel.	Booked this hotel for 2 nights via lastminute.com after researching London hotels and feeling quite anxious about spending loads of money for crappy, small rooms. This hotel was in a good area, fairly central (Queensway tube stn short walk away), and was clean and the staff professional although the rooms are compact. I would recommend this hotel for anyone staying in London for 2-5 days. There is Wi-Fi for a fee, continental breakfast, lobby bar, send-out laundry facilities (v.expensive) and the staff are friendly enough to help you out with tourist info. Walk to Queensway for restaurants, pharmacy, shopping, tube, etc. You can catch a London red bus from the main street which is at the end of the road. Anyone staying must try little Thai restaurant on cnr Queensway and Westbourne Grove - seriously the best thai Ive eaten outside of Thailand!Only negative on the hotel is that I suspect the cleaning lady stole my perfume: reminder to keep all your toilettries and makeup safely packed away when you leave the room. Otherwise good hotel.	
Jul 25 2007 	ok for the price	Very good location, close to hyde park, paddington station, as well as other tube stations on the central line (lancaster gate, queensway). The hotel was clean, recently renovated with neutral/modern decor. We had booked a twin room but were given a tiny double. After complaining we were transfered to a larger twin the next day. We were somewhat annoyed as on check-in were asked to give 50 pounds as 'deposit' though the room was pre-paid for our entire stay. We were told that this is standard practice in London - I used to live in London for many years and have never heard of this. In any event this deposit request should be stated clearly in the hotel policy. The deposit was refunded at check-out.The bathroom was good with excellent power shower, though on the small side again.All in all, this hotel is fine if you do not plan to spend too much time in your room. Given the location and price it is a good hotel if you want to stay in this area.	
Jul 22 2007 	Clean and Friendly	We have just returned from what should have been a two night stay at this hotel. Because of the adverse weather conditions we were unable to travel home on the day planned, we telephoned the hotel from the station and luckily they we able to book an additional night. The two rooms we stayed in were both very clean. The first room, yes, was small as stated in many reviews but we only needed the room to sleep, the second room was a lot bigger with a double and a single bed but the hotel only charged us for a standard double. The staff were all very friendly. We were even offered the use of an umbrella by the duty manager. We found it easier to use the Queensway Underground Station. We would definately stay again.	
Jul 11 2007 	Good for the price	The size of the room was good for the price. Not as small as other typical hotel in europe. Room was clean. Staff were friendly. Location is not bad either - only 10 mins walk to tube station. I would recommend it.	
Jul 5 2007	OK for the area	The Caesar is an OK hotel about 10/15mins walk from Marble Arch, I stayed here on business but wouldn't go back if I was paying for myself. The decor is very trendy, very nicely done and there are some nice additional touches, but the rooms are TINY. I had a double room to myself (specifically booked a double having read remarks on here about the size of the rooms) but still it was very tight.Still, the bed was comfortable, and the room (the whole place in general in fact) was spotlessly tidy. If you need to stay around this area, the caesar is OK, but if you're at all claustrophobic give it a wide berth.	
Jul 2 2007	Clearly management is pumping up the reviews	This hotel tried to put me in a room the size of a wealthy person's closet and with a bathroom so small one would have to sit sideways to go! Although it looks nice on the outside and some rooms seem fine, people are constantly at the front desk asking for basic issues to be resolved each time you walk by. Their dedication to keeping the place fresh and unsullied by time is not really seen. The location is very good, but the quality and comfort are not there. Too many angry guests at the front desk each time I passed made me certain of this.	
Jun 27 2007 	Never again!	Possibly one of our worst hotel experiences ever. Our room was absolutely tiny &amp; although it was generally clean, there was a large, smelly stain on the floor from some sort of leak &amp; we were right next door to some renovation work taking place in the hotel - which we weren't told about during check in. Also the room was on the ground floor &amp; it was so hot that we couldn't sleep at night, our window faced other rooms directly &amp; the noise from these rooms was too loud to allow us to have the window open. When we checked out we informed a member of staff of our disappointing stay, he laughed (albeit nervously) &amp; then said if we stayed there again he would upgrade us - pah, no thanks! On the upside the reception area is lovely &amp; it's a nice walk to/from Paddington Station.	
May 22 2007 	Lovely Hotel	This hotel exceeded all of my expectations...... Yes the rooms were small, but spotless and very modern! THE CONTINENTAL BREAKFAST WAS LOVELY,&amp; IF YOU ARE REALLY HUNGRY YOU CAN PAY £5.50 TO UPGRADE TO THE FULL ENGLISH!! The hotel is in a perfect location to explore, being only a few minutes walk away from Bayswater road tube station where you can catch the circle line tube around the city. HYDE PARK IS ONLY A STONES THROW AWAY TOO....I am a travel consultant and would definately recommend this hotel to any of my customers and will be returning to the hotel when i nextvisit London.	
May 21 2007 	UGH!	Canadian travellers. Edmonton, Alberta.Stayed one awful night at this dirty, run down hotel. Reception area was not bad, but rooms....... Cigarette burns, holes in the walls, old, worn out furniture. Came back to our room after an evening out and found the room had been broken into. Our things were strewn everywhere and the front desk just did not want to know. A really nasty experience.	
Apr 15 2007 	Great Hotel	We booked a double room through the net for 94 pounds a night. The hotel is situated near hyde park in a very quiet hotel populated zone. There are three or four tube stations all around (5-10 minutes walk) and some local shops and pubs. The personnel at the reception are very helpful and cheerful. The hotel has recently been refurbished and is in top notch condition. The whole hotel look is very modern and minimalistic. The rooms though small are nice and clean. The two biggest surprises in the room though was the European plug that was easy to use with our electronics and a 26inch LG LCD TV.We would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 10 2007 	nice people	have just spent two nights at this hotel for an Easter break.Room very clean and just refurbished although on the small side.Could do with extra storage for suitcase and clothes.Towels soft and spotlessly white.Wanted to watch pay for movie at end of first day and was told not working at the moment.When we asked at the end of the second day the reply was very noncommittal giving the impression that maybe this had been the case for a while.Location very good with plenty of shops and restaurants nearby as was the underground.All in all an enjoyable break.	
Apr 8 2007 	A great base from which to explore all that London has to offer!	The welcome from the receptionists at the front desk was friendly and the room was great. The room was small, but in London, what can you expect?! The furnishings, as one can expect from the photographs, are modern. The room, most importantly, was clean and there were a number of channels on the television in different languages. Not that you really want to sit in your room when visiting London! The view from our room was of our balcony (which we obviously couldn't access) and of the charming buildings opposite. The menu and other information was also in Spanish as well as in English which was fantastic and the continental breakfast was more than enough to satisfy our needs. However, on the second morning, for a small extra charge, we did try the full buffet and English breakfast and it wasn't greasy at all. The tube station was about a ten minute walk away. I would recommend getting off at Lancaster Gate rather than Bayswater, as from central London you can then stay on the Central Line and not change and in general, it is quicker. You also have a nice walk past Hyde Park then, too! I did not give this hotel a score of 5/5 as it didn't boast leisure facilities etc, but of course we knew that when we booked it and that wasn't the reason why we wanted to go to London. However, overall, it was a great base from which to explore all that London has to offer.	
Mar 12 2007 	Small rooms but ok	The hotel is nice located. Enterior is fine. A lot of Spanish speaking guests. Restaurant was good, but slow service. Rooms were tiny!	
Feb 28 2007 	A room without a view... but plenty of noise for no extra charge!	Walking through the beautiful surrounds towards the hotel we were full of eager anticipation... Until we were led through the restaurant!!! to our room, way down on the basement level. Our view was shocking! A muddy area before a wall the led up to street level. We could close the curtains to that, at least. The walls were scuffed all over and the pay T.V wasn't working. The free toiletries, well there's a reason they're free! All that, we COULD come to terms with... Until early the next morning... BANG! CRASH! Kitchen noise-a-plenty and the continuous banging of the storage room door as housekeeping went about their mornings duties. The one and only plus of our stay was the location, which was absolutely fantastic. Perhaps with a different room, the overall experience would have been amazing. We are still waiting for a response to our comment card...	
Feb 27 2007 	hmmmmm	Good location: short walk to both circle and central line as well as surprisingly close to paddington for heathrow express. The rooms are tiny; we had no space to open our bags (it probably would have been ok but for this) let alone empty them (surprisingly the cupboard was a few hangers flat on the wall with no shelf space or place to put the bag so there was room to hang our coats and put a couple of things up but then the only place for the suitcases was in the small space between the wall and bed so we had to walk/stand on the suitcase to get into bed). We paid extra for an executive double room only to find that we were given twin beds in a tiny room. Also, the walls are exceedingly thin: for example, we could hear someone clearing his throat in the room next door. The staff were helpful and the hotel was clean, warm (it was winter) very un-english (a plus considering the state of most english hotels) and charming so, overall I would reccomend but be warned of the shortcommings - they are not a matter of taste but real issues future guests should be prepared for. The space/bag thing is the worst but I can see how the thin walls could be a problem (we did not care as we were not into sleeping much during our stay).	
Feb 6 2007	Would stay there again...	All staff were extremely helpful-from loading bags into taxi's to making reservations to directing us to off-beat shopping. Rooms were clean, quiet &amp; spacious. Every room in the hotel is unique so if unsatisfied w/your room, ask to switch. Close to 3 Tube stations, restaurants of different ethnicities, neighborhood pubs, grocery stores, bureau de change, banks &amp; for those addicted Americans, Starbucks!	
Jan 12 2007 	One night at the Caesar	My wife and I stayed at The Caesar for one night on 10 Jan 07, booked online at a price of £73. We found the hotel easy to find from the attached map, and no more than a leisurely 10 minute stroll from either Queensway or Lancaster Gate underground stations. We were checked in to room 512 and a porter carried our bag to the room. The room was tiny, definately the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in. This was highlighted by the urgent need for a good lick of paint on the wall corners where luggage has rubbed the paint off. The room did have tea making facilities, hairdryer and trouser press. The mattress was quite hard and the bed small too. The bathroom was clean, modern and toiletries were supplied, but it was tiny also, being approx 1metre wide with standing space infront of the sink. The hotel bar was extremely expensive, £9.60 for 2 drinks. The breakfast restaurant was clean and the included Continental option was sufficent, tea / coffee, croissants, toast, jam, etc. Overall I rate this hotel as 3 star at the most and may spend a bit more next time.	
Dec 18 2006 	Second time better than the first!	I've stayed at this hotel both times I've been to London. I stayed in November 2003 and November 2006. I noticed lots of improvements from my first stay, they'd added another elevator, automatic doors and really spiffed up the lobby. On my first stay, my room was really a single room. Very small, but functional. On my second stay, my room had a double bed and was quite spacious-for a single room, that is. It was easily 25% bigger than my other room. There was construction going on across the street, but as I sleep with earplugs, that doesn't really bother me. The bathroom also had new fixtures and was very clean. I would advise families with children not to stay at this hotel as there was &quot;free&quot; pornography on the TV as a sampler to get you to buy the whole movie. I know that if I had a child I wouldn't want them to see that! The hotel breakfast is also insanely expensive if you don't have it included in your room rate. That said, it's pretty filling-provided that you're not sharing with a companion. I got the continental and there is no way it would have filled me up had I been sharing it with someone. I would advise walking the ten or so minutes down Bayswater Road to the few cafes there. The hotel is about a ten to fifteen minute walk from both the Lancaster Gate and Queensway tube stops. It was fine for me, but again, families or older travelers could find it a bit much after a long day of traveling. The location is very nice, there are several other hotels around, but it is a pretty quiet neighborhood. There's also lots of shops and a shopping center close by. The next time I go to London I probably won't stay here again, not because of anything wrong with the hotel, just because I'm ready to try somewhere new.	
Nov 12 2006 	mattress was terrible	As i sat on the bed the mattress didn't offer any support, it just felt like they'd rescued it from the skip.It's the same in other rooms where i stayed. Apart from that fundmental aspect, the rest of the hotel is very good value for the price, so if you don't mind a terrrible mattress then it's a cheap place to stay.I won't be staying there again though until they sort that out.	
Oct 27 2006	Great hotel	We had a great stay at the Ceasar hotel, five girls on a weekend trip to London. Three of us booked a triple room. It was big and had a fresh bathroom. Well it was in the basement with no wiev, but instead it was quiet and much bigger then ordinary London hotellrooms. The other two got first a very tiny double room with a queenzise bed instead of the booked twin room. With no problem the hotell changed it to a nice and rather big twin. No problems they said!Our stay included a continental breakfast, toast, marmelade and thé / coffe. But for only £ 2.50 extra you will have a great breakfast buffé with fresh fruit, cerials, youghurt, bagels, ham, cheese, vegetables etc etc. A hot english breakfast is also avaiable for £ 5.50. Will I stay there again? Yeeaa, why not and so will my friends. Something bad about the hotel? No.... can´t find that....except the first tiny double room. Nice area &amp; a local pub around the corner is great to!	
Sep 28 2006 	good value	Stayed on 4 th floor for one night onlyRoom small but entirely adequate - if you want a large room pay over double elsewhereVery clean and newly modernisedComfortable bedNice bathroom which was spotlessPleasant and helpful staffGood breakfast - pay for upgrade to full english well worth the £5.50	
Sep 16 2006 	Do not stay here until major changes occur	Do not stay here until the major refurbishment currently underway is complete - and even then watch out for tiny rooms. The first room I was given was virtually a tiny &quot;pig sty&quot;. Paint flaked off the walls, mould grew on the windows, the bed was at an angle due to a sloping floor, the promised ammenities (hair dryer, trouser press) were not there. The clock on the TV was 25 minutes off time and there were crumbs on the floor. I was so incensed that I called the Derby Hotels HQ the following morning and told them to fire their local manager as he obviously never left the ground floor to visit the rooms.The next day the hotel moved me to a newly modenized room which was much better but still not worth the price and the clock was again wrong and there was no trouser press.In the breakfast room there are food stains on the walls and the tables and chairs are scratched or chipped.In essence forget this hotel until such time as they completely re do the entire building.	
Aug 26 2006 	very small rooms	very small rooms, we travelled with baby and had cot ready but didnt have space for anything. no air conditing, very narrow and it was a deluxe room!! very simple breakfast, would rate it a low 3 star	
Jun 21 2006	THIS HOTEL WILL RUIN YOUR HOLIDAY!!!!!!	I wont go into the whole fiasco as it is spelled out very well by the numerous bad reviews in this forum. I have seen some good reviews in this forum, DONT BELIEVE THEM for one moment, they must be posted by the hotel as I cannot believe anyone could be happy with this hotel. Everything spelled out in the bad reviews is true, the rooms are so small its ridiculous, the whole hotel smells and the staff are atrocios right up to the manager.THIS HOTEL WILL RUIN YOUR HOLIDAY!!!!!!!!!	
Jun 21 2006 	Not top of the list!	The Caeser is one of those hotels that can only be described as a 'known-quantity' - known, but not particularly wanted!Check in is fine, breakfast is average (not too badly overpriced). The rooms are clean but small. In fact, the whole hotel is small - from the miniture lift to the narrow corridors, the small room to the small bathroom. For business users wishing to use a desk for work it definately would not be top of the list.Location wise it is interesting - not far from the park or Notting Hill, but if you are a tourist anticipating a regular walk to and from the tube (Lancaster Gate) or a business user in the City needing late nights out (unless you can work out the night buses), legs are going to be aching.I do not have this hotel on my list to use in London.	
Jun 21 2006	Disgusting hotel never a 4* standard	This is the worst hotel experience ever. Right from the start you are greeted by arrogant staff and once you enter your room all appears alright until u look closely. The floors have dust over them; the bed sheets were dirty; there were cigerette burns on the bed spread; the tv remote did not work; the window hardly opened; the glasses had lipstick stains on them; the bath was dirty; no air-conditioning (considering the price); rooms are not sound proofed; staff had no consideration for you. The list is endless.All these errors all come from an Executive Double room, where you would expect there to be highest of standards. If you are visiting London, avoid The CAESAR HOTEL like the plague.	
Jun 7 2006	Not the best	Having read a few reviews for The Caesar, i decided to try it out. On arrival, we were checked in relatively quickly, but without much of a smile. The hall porter was very kind and offered to take our luggage to our rooms, but i had absolutly no cash on me for a tip, so i declined, as i always feel they should get a little something for helping out. On entering the room, at first glance, it seemed great. Nice and spacious (Exec. Double), nice wooden flooring, flat screen TV. The bed was very dissapointing. It was very hard, and my wife and I could not sleep well at all. Bathroom was very clean, and tidy, but very cramped. If you sit on the toilet, you basically lean over the sink, and the shower door was useless, and let water go all over the floor.The bar was very pricey, but thats just London i guess. It was very tiny, and seemed like it was in the middle of the hallway. Not exactly cosy or very comfortable at all. Location of the hotel is excellent. Very easy walking distance to Hyde Park, aswell as a few shops and restaurants. Breakfast was Ridiculously over priced! For some reason, breakfast wasn't included with the room and i think every hotel, no matter where it is located or if it is 1 Star or 5 star, Breakfast needs to be included with your room rate, its just common sense! My wife and I ordered 2 continental breakfasts, at 7.50 EACH!!! They brought over to our table 1 little tray of about 6 cut slices of toast, and 2 TINY croissants, and 2 TINY Chocolate Croissants. I AM PAYING 15 POUNDS for THIS!!!!! I'm sorry, but that is absolutly Ridiculous! i was expecting 2 of those trays AT LEAST! Having said that, the waitress seemed to understand and brought over 4 more TINY chocolate croissants. at one point i was a little uncomfortable, so i decided to ring room service for a couple of extra pillows. Did those pillows ever show up? Nope!One morning i called Room Service to have breakfast delivered to our room. They DONT do Breakfast room service!!!! I thought this was a hotel?? It is a basic thing! Hotels have room service, surely they can put their overpriced continental breakfast on a tray and bring it to our room! I was stunned when they told me they dont deliver breakfast!Overall, the hotel was just ok, it had problems that need to be sorted out, but most of the staff were friendly, and its in a great location, but i'm afraid i will never be staying at The Caesar again!P.S. - Wireless internet isnt free either! Surprise Surprise! almost 6 pounds for an HOUR!	
May 30 2006 	Good for the price	We stayed for a week and I have to say we would probably stay there again for the price. The bed was very hard but the staff was incredibly friendly. Our room did come with breakfast (which included only toast and coffee), you had to pay more for the eggs. They were in the middle of remodeling which was a little inconvenient (the elevator did not go to our floor) but once it's done, it will be a nice hotel. Again, the staff was the best!	
May 18 2006 	raw sewage	Worse business trip imaginable - stayed 7 nights - very loud noises from central heating problem meant NO sleep second night, drain pipe burst in room above and soaked me and my bed with raw shower sewage on 5th night, false fire alarm emptied entire hotel on last night all in all 7 nights stay 4 nights sleep and charged in full for awful stay! very very poor customer service and crap compensation offer afterwards....	
May 15 2006	Very happy with the Caesar hotel	As some of you have written I am also surprised by the poor reviews. We stayed at the Caesars five nights, and were very pleased. We arrived quite late, and had some problems finding the hotel. After we had called the hotel from another hotel at 01:00 and asked for directions, we were very politely welcomed by the man in the reception, and given a quite big room. We had a room on the first floor, which i would recomend. they also have rooms in the basement, but these are smaller as far as i know.The hotel looked really nice, and was very modern. The service was good, and the breakfast buffet that cost a few pounds extra was excelent. The rooms were also very clean.The only thing i noticed as negative was the fact that there were a constant cold draft from the closed window due to poor isoation. No big deal though.I recomend taking a cab to the hotel, as we had some problems finding it. Once we located it though, it was close to both the subway, shops, and Hyde Park.I recomend this hotel!	
May 5 2006	Don't believe all the reviews	Reading through previous reviews, having booked the Caesar through Laterooms, we were wondering if we had made a serious mistake. Yes we got a good deal but we would rather pay more and get a good stay. How wrong could we be. You can get good value and a good stay.We were greeted warmly at reception,check in was fast and efficient, we were upgraded to a deluxe room, it was spacious, clean and quiet, temperature just right ( though the windows are difficult to open very wide if it had been warmer) and breakfast - for a £2.50 per person upgrade ( the basic express style continental breakfast was included in our room rate) is great. A buffet where the food is fresh and replenished regularly, fresh fruit (melon, pineapple plus fruit salad), cereals, good selection of cheese including Spanish cheese and goats cheese, cold meats which include serrano/Parma Ham and chorizo, super little slice of cold tortilla (the Caesar is part of the Spanish chain Derby Hotels who own the Hotel Urban amongst others - a trendy deluxe hotel in Madrid), bread rolls, crossiants etc and even little Spanish cakes together with coffee/tea you can replenish yourself or they offer to top up. A further upgrade gets you full English.We went out to eat late at night ( Edgware Road a short walk away and full of Lebanese and Moroccan restaurants which are open late). Streets are well lit and felt very safe. There was only one small problem - if everything else had not been so good we would have probably made more of an issue - we booked a double room and despite the upgrade were given a twin. One of the receptionists on duty ( Gary ) handled my complaint really well. Was extremely apologetic, tried to find another double to move us to but could not (it was quite late and most people had checked in), offered us a complimentary drink in the bar ( which we did not take him up on), admitted it was their error and offered to speak to the Reception Manager in the morning. He explained that Housekeeping had gone home and they were therefore unable to zip the beds together and make a double ( I actually think the beds did not zip). He was concerned that his standard of bed making would not be up to scratch. Personally I would say that other staff need to be trained to make a bed up but as I say it was well handled. And Gary even remembered speaking to me the following morning when I checked out and apologised again.I would say do NOT believe all that you read when it comes to bad reviews. Some people are professional complainers and unfortunately not enough people take the time to write when something is good - only when it is bad. I would have no hesitation, based on my experience, on recommending this hotel and would definitely stay again. And believe me - I am a difficult customer to please as a fellow hotelier!	
May 5 2006	Smart Clean but just a room	Rooms are very, very small but clean. Bathrooms on gnd floor are a &quot;capsule&quot; style elevated off the floor. Suspect these were added. They give the impression you are walking in a plastic cubicle.Restaurant downstairs is smart, but completely empty while we were there. The cafe is functional but in the wrong spot. Front entrance is good. Clean, well lit.Staff were nice, and Jane on front desk was exceptionally helpful. Would I stay here again? Yes at the price I got (60pds) but definitely not at advertised price.	
Apr 20 2006 	Worst hotel and staff	Ive travelled all over the world and I dont expect to stay in a palace, but I expect a room to be clean, smell clean and be quiet. This hotel fails to provide the basic needs of guests. The hotel has a poor design, the firedoors will keep you up all night no matter where you are, they just slam all day and night. Someone wrote about a continental breakfast, they either work for the hotel or stayed at another hotel, because they dont have continental breakfasts. It feels like a hostel, it just has a pretty facade on the outside. I stayed in a higher grade room since I was on business, I feel sorry for the tourists. My co-worker arrived a day earlier and checked out right away and went down the street and got a great room for the same price. I couldnt leave because the other hotel was then fully booked.	
Mar 18 2006	Harrassed by guys off the street by order of desk clerk.	- We checked in and the hotel staff was useless- The rooms stank of cigarettes- The Bathroom stank of mold and mildew- Could hear people talking through walls all nightI went downstairs to use my computer because my wife was asleep. As I'm siting in the lobby two guys walk in and get a drink at the bar. One of them tries to start selling a &quot;sure thing&quot; bet on a game. Well, they are getting no where with the bartender so he starts harrassing the hotel desk clerk. The Desk clerk is sick of being harrassed and points at me and says, &quot;Go ask the American&quot;. I was shocked that the hotel desk clerk would do that. The next day my wife and I decided to take the penalty and move to a Days Inn over by Westminster Abbey. I don't have high standards, I'm a soldier off of my second deployment to Iraq. But I was better received in Al Anbar province then I was at this hotel.	
Feb 27 2006	Worth every penny	WE loved the Caesar. The rooms were small but very clean and bright. The outside wall facing the street was all glass opening to a balcony, The continental breakfast was fine, served in a nice restaurant. The location was pretty good. A short walk to shopping and restaurants and tube stations. The only drawback was that the desk staff (all from Barcelona) were not familiar with London, but they went on the internet to research every place we asked about. We couldn't understand the negative reveiws. The people who wrote them must not be well traveled in the European countries. We would recommend this place to anyone, especially booking in with Gate1 travel. They got us a really great rate. We upgraded our room for an extra 20 pounds per night and it was well worth it.	
Feb 13 2006	Not as i thought	The hotel rooms are noisy from outside but off a good size we did have a executive room ,not a great choise on tv as this is the only place to relax.The bar area is to small and their is no lounge area,the staff where difficult to understand and to understand me. the food was good but staff to few as waiting to be served specially at breakfast ,distance given on webb a long way out and i walk fast would not stay if you want relaxing break.	
Jan 21 2006	Caesar - ok but eat out!	I had a 1 night stay at this hotel. The Hotel is bright and pleasantly decorated, the staff are friendly and helpful. As the only person in the restaurant at 9pm I wondered why. I got my answer when the food arrived! Dreadful, I left without eating. And such a pity because the restaurant itself is very nicely decorated. The reception staff directed me to an excellent Greek Restaurant 5 minutes walk away. The room had a double bed and yes it was small but what do you expect in London for £74.00?! I was not unhappy with the hotel and would probably stay there again for b&amp;b.	
Jan 17 2006 	Caesar staff - trable makers!	Me and my collegues staid in Caesar many times. Every time we met with new probremls there. But our last and the least time there was the &quot;GRAITEST STAY&quot; - 2 times they asked me to change the room (without any reasons), every nignt afterwork I &quot;kissed&quot; closed door of my room, because they my key was locked by Caesars' staff. Ans one more think - I made prepaiment for the whole stay (7 days), but after 4 days I found one more bill under the door and message from hotel's managers asking me to pay for the staying in Caesars. It took 24 hours to solve the situation with those bills. But the worse thing was that the General manager of the hotel told me that he trust to his collegues more then the hotel's guests and proposed me to leave the hotel if I would like to.When they found my paid bill general manager say me &quot;sorry&quot; in a way like say &quot;--- you&quot;.I wasn't alone with my problems in Caesars - my collegue's room was accupaid by anouther guest;) But the reseptionist was very polite with him and he received his key with smile and &quot;enjoy you stay&quot; words;)	
Dec 27 2005	Hostel standard !!!!!!!Worst hotel Ive ever stayed in!!	Dont buy the &quot;all London rooms are small&quot; line. This is a ripoff. Anyone who has written a positive review must work for the hotel of have no experience,no idea or no expectations. This is the single worst hotel I have ever stayed in and Ive stayed in plenty. I had my bags broken into in the luggage room, when I reported this to the obnoxious manager he accused me of making it up!!!! and lectured me for accusing his staff. Like Ive got nothing better to do than invent a robbery. The rooms are like dog kennels but more smelly and with less ventilation and there is no heating or cooling, in summer you will not sleep and in winter you will freeze. They for get to make wake up calls and have no internet access anywhere in the hotel despite advertising to the contrary. Every time I was in reception someone was complaining and I eventually left befor my booking was up. Do not stay here it is enough to ruin your holiday and anyone who says otherwise I say you deserve better. We found much better accom in London for the same money.	
Dec 18 2005	Not Recommended	Booked this hotel for 4 nights over the internet at a rate of 74 pounds a night for a single. Thought it was good value until I checked in and saw the size of the room. There was no room to place my luggage let alone move! I've spent a lot of time in Tokyo, where space is even more of a premium than London, and I've never stayed in a hotel remotely this small! Continental breakfast - two tired and soggy pieces of toast, a mini croissant and escargot pastry with orange juice and coffee - was not good value. The towels in my bathroom were not particularly fresh - they'd been used once to often, were rough and had a questionable odour. The room itself was clean enough, but there was no attention to detail. Best example of this would be the ashtrays in the bar: they didn't replace them with fresh ashtrays - they'd just tip them out and put the dirty ashtrays back on the table. NOT RECOMMENDED!	
Dec 14 2005	Very small rooms and charge on my credit card	Hotel is nice from outside,but once inside,its rooms are very,very smalls.We had booked two doubles rooms already prepaid from our country,we arrived in the morning(around 11am) and the rooms were not available,we ask for two on a high floor and in the same floor.When we come back late in the evening,they gave us one room on the first floor and the other on the third floor,we asked to the front desk detpt. to give us rooms together as you had required,and he tolds just &quot;is not possible,hotel is fully book&quot;,with a poor help and kind.We did not want to discuss and we took that rooms.They were very small,but one of them was for a single use.....They ask me a credit card for the incidentals,when I left the hotel,they told me that everything was right,and once in my country,I saw a charge of 30 euros in my account's bank.I have had to call to UK to investigate why they charged that amount to me, and they say that this is a normally procedure and if this charge does not came back to my acoount in about 7 days,I have to call them and they will try to get a solution.This is incredible.We will never recommend a place like this.	
Nov 29 2005	Stay Away at All Costs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	This place is a nightmare! They didn't clean our room so when we got back at night we called down for fresh towels. 45 minutes later I had to call again and was told &quot;the guy is on the elevator on his way up with towels&quot; which was a lie. 10 minutes later I called down again and was told the towels would be brought up &quot;soon&quot;. Finally, I had to go down to housekeeping myself to get the towels!!!! Not once did anyone make even a remote attempt at an apology! The staff really gives off the impression that the guests are a bothersome unpleasantness they are forced to &quot;deal with&quot;. I've never encountered sevice so bad in any hotel anywhere in the world. Rooms were small, with nowhere to put luggage and the location is pretty remote. Do yourself a big favor and give this place a miss.	
Nov 23 2005 	Walked out....	How can they describe this place as a 4 star? Easily they award them themselves. I was so disgusted with damp smelly basement room that I was given and the subsequent tiny box that I walked out and found another hotel. My advice would be to look elsewhere.	
Sep 26 2005	Welcome to London	We arrived at the Caeser which some might call a high priced 3 star Hotel. We had booked on one of the last minute web sites for what is a reasonable 75 pounds average over 4 nights- reasonable in London that is. We arrived early morning after a 24 hr flight and were looked after instantly. We were given access to a room which after such a long journey was terrific. The staff were never overly helpful but generally attentive and the room while not 4 star luxury was perfectly reasonable for us. The Australian Duty Manager the morning we arrived was by far the most helpful and attentive member of staff we dealt with in our time there.The Breakfast that goes with the price is light but enough and you can pay a bit extra to eat more if you want. The location is great being 5 mins walk from Paddington Station where catching the number 15 bus with a 3 pound all day ticket will take you to all Londons attractions. It is the cheapest hop on hop off ride to all the major tourist spots in Europe. 5 minutes the otherway is the delightful Notting Hill and a bit further Kensington Gardens and Palace as well as Hyde Park, it is indeed a great location.Clean, modern and comfortable is a good description of the hotel,although some of the extensions they are doing to the hotel means that some noise commences from about 8am but if you are there for the sites its hardly worth mentioning because you should be up and about anyway.We were a bit worried about this hotel as some reviews downgraded it a bit but we were pleasantly surprised. We have recommended it to friends as long as you can get the last minute price. Paying the full rack rate is not recommended because for 150 pounds there would be better accommodation in London.but if you can get it for an average of around 75-80 pounds go for it.	
Aug 28 2005	go elsewhere!	you would do well to stay away from this hotel!!!.i've stayed in nicer hostels in dublin for the fraction of the cost. the lobby is impresive but sadly that where it ends. the room (4th floor) was tiny with a &quot;creeky&quot; bed and a very &quot;creeky&quot; floor and a window that was about to fall apart.the paint work was in a soory state and the carpet had seen better days. the breakfast was ok, we were given the opportunity to upgrade for a a fee of £2 for cerials and meats and £5 for an english breakfast. we asked to be moved after the first night . The second room (2 nd floor) was slightly larger but there was some work bein carried out a a few doors away! on a positive the staff were helpfull.my advise wold be to spend your hard erned cash somewere else!(this was an internet booking)cadwch yn glir cymru bach!	
Jul 22 2005	Great Hotel 	I´ve been at this hotel for 3 nights and all I could say is that it was an excellent hotel,although we had booked a double room they put as a twin room so they change us the room with any problem and therefore they moved our luggage with the greatest smile.U have all really near from the hotel like some restaurants at queensway 10 minutes walking,lancaster gate tube st. at around 10 minutes walking from the hotel.Inside the rooms are huge and really well done with new bathrooms(not too big but spaciously enough) and also tv with international channels and furthermore they clean the rooms really well.Continental breakfast is usually included in the prize which consists on some pasts butter coffe and orange juice(excellent)but furthermore by only a few pounds more u can have a great buffet breakfast(I think that is 2 pounds more per person).So to sum up I think that its one of the best hotels ive ever stayed in london and also the location is really good and touristic with hydepark near.All I can tell is that I´ll go there at christmas other 3 days and i won´t dude which hotel I´ll stay in becouse the name is &quot;the Caesar&quot;.	
Jul 22 2005	Good stay but with some small problems!!	I arrived at this hotel on Saturday with my boyfriend and we were staying for three nights. It was a very warm weekend in London and we found the room quite stuffy as the window only opened 5 inches. This especially caused a problem at night when trying to sleep. All the facilities in the room were very clean and all functioned well. The rooms were a bit small but that was mainly due to the fact that the bed was huge and far too big for the size of the room. The location was great - just 5 minutes walk from lancaster gate tube. A basic breakfast was included in the rate but we had to pay £5 extra if we wanted a full English. The quality and choice of the food for breakfast was very good and the buffet was replenished as soon as something was running low. I found the staff in the hotel restaurant to be quite friendly but not so much at reception. There was building work going on at the hotel while we stayed although this didn't start too early in the morning which didn't cause much of a problem. The lifts are quite slow and small, having to wait 10 minutes at one stage was quite annoying. Overall i think i would stay at The Caesar again because of it's great location (Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens are at the bottom of the road), reasonable price (£80bb) and the clean facilities.	
Jul 14 2005 	great hotel	I stayed here and was pleasantly surprised. Rooms were quite big compared to some i've stayed in here in London. Very clean, comfortable bed. Bathroom was spotless with new and modern facilities. Loads of hot water and fantastic pressure in the shower. TV was new and good size. Hairdryer and trouser press provided. Nice restaurant and good room service menu. Well positioned, tube station and main line really close by. Hotel staff really friendly and efficient. In a quite position although central, with loads of good restaurants and shops close by. Towels changed every day. I would stay here again without a doubt, great value for money.	
Jun 13 2005	Tiny rooms!	We'd expected quite a stylish and classy hotel from the photos, unfortunately it didn't live up to expectations. Our room was tatty, bed linen had holes in and the bath leaked. More disappointing was the size of the room, there was literally *just* room to walk round the bed, which left us getting changed by the door. We found staff to be inattentive and slow. Though the room rates seemed reasonable for London - a basic breakfast is included - when we considered all the problems we had, it didn't seem like good value for money.	
May 22 2005	Good and comfortable stay	I reserved this hotel on internet, and I was scared when I readthe complains on this page.However our stay, me and my mother, was very comfortable, in a clean room. The hotel is located next to wonderful Kensington gardensand the staff is very kind.I would repeat.	
May 11 2005	Good Location Fair Accommodation	Our room was not large, but I am not sure that you will get much larger in this price range in London. The facilities and fittings within the room were of a high standard. Our safe was not working when we arrived, but this was rectified by the following day.Our room did not have air conditioning. We were able to open the window, which made it quite comfortable. This may be an issue in a hot summer though.The location is good - walking distance (with not too many suitcases!) of Paddington Station &amp; the Heathrow Express, short walk to shops, restaurants &amp; underground stations. We also found the street to be fairly quiet.The staff tend to be young, and we thought perhaps often inexperienced, however we generally found them to be helpful.If you want somewhere clean &amp; secure to sleep in London, this hotel offers good value at the internet rates we paid. If you want a hotel room you can relax and spend time in, you will need to pay more.	
Apr 25 2005	Turned home with a bad headache	Sorry to say, but it was awful.... due to the photos, we expected a pretty nice room. Real life showed the other way. For starters the &quot;cockroaches&quot;. When we noticed these little creatures and complained by the staff, their response was shocking. &quot;We'll find them and take them away...&quot; There we stood, to flabbergasted to react... The beds were far too short, the room was too hot and very, very noisy. We really didn't make any good nights rest. If you are looking for a room because you just want to have a roof above your head, The Ceasar is your place. If you're looking for some relaxed moments and a good nights sleep (without creatures in your bed). Spend your Pounds somewhere else!!	
Apr 5 2005	Good location but don't expect too much	We stayed at the Caesar for one night and it was ok. Not much more than that. Not much worse than that. They were renovating at the time so the pokey lift only went to the third floor - we ended up using the stairs instead - seemed safer.The room we got faced out to the street and was great. Most comfortable bed I've slept on for ages. Staff were also very friendly - we asked for an iron and some toiletries and they were almost instantaneously delivered.We skipped the breakfast but a friend who also stayed there recently said it was great.It's a pretty good location not far back from Hyde Park but there's every chance you'll find better elsewhere.	
Feb 15 2005 	Decent but Not to Write Home About	I regularly stay at the Caesar when I travel to London on business. It is quite a bargain and hard to find a decent hotel at the prices they offer. The single rooms are very very (very) small and the room doors do not have double safety locks. The bathrooms are very clean. I have also stayed at this hotel with my boyfriend and the double rooms are equally as miniature as the single rooms. The hotel is in a very quiet area but there is a very lively street nearby with a shopping center and two tube stations. The 4th floor was under construction when I was there (Jan-Feb 05) and they really did a poor job at notifying guests that there would be noise and construction teams in the corridors early in the morning. If you don't plan to spend much time in the hotel room, want to save money and care about cleanliness, I would suggest this hotel. It's small but you get what you pay for. The staff come off as nice but completely clueless. I can't emphasize enough how small the rooms are so don't stay here if you expect spacious rooms!	
Feb 13 2005	Average at best	We stayed here for one night - its quite a tidy little location tucked away behind Lancaster Gate with easy access to Hyde Park and central London. On arrival I couldnt believe how many staff were standing around doing nothing - the foyer also smelt of disinfectant which was not pleasant. Many of the staff could not speak very clear English - which was a bit of a problem - but they did seem polite when called upon. The room was fine - generally clean with basic facilities. For the price I have stayed in far worse. The breakfast buffet in the morning was again much average - no unpleasant suprises put it that way.  Would I stay here again? Well if I was on a budget and wanted a bed for the night - possibly. However it might be worth going for something with a bit more quality if you're looking for a nice weekend.	
Feb 2 2005	You get what you pay for! Pokey rooms and too hot in the summer	I hated this place though admit it was a cheap deal on LastMinute - you get what you pay for!We went last July and it was horrific as the bedrooms do not have air conditioning and London was very hot. The photography is very clever on the website! We thought we were going to a very modern and spacious hotel. Our first room was tiny (there was no floorspace to put our suitcases!) but when we complained they moved us to another room quite happily. Our second room was slightly larger and had a larger bed but frankly this made the room just as cramped! To make it worse our window did not open which made me feel uneasy from a fire safety / escape point of view. We had to buy an electric fan and leave it on all night blowing over our bed. I didn't find the staff particularly rude as other reviewers have mentioned - they are probably defensive from having to deal with complaints because the hotel hasn't met peoples expectations. Some of the breakfast staff couldn't speak English which was difficult.On the plus side the lcoation was peaceful though I guess we were lucky with fellow guests.Would only consider again, at a push, if just for one night in the winter and didn't have much luggage with me. I would rather have stayed in a nicer hotel slightly less central for the same money!	
Dec 21 2004	Thought it was OK	I was worried when I read some of the reviews after making a booking, but having stayed there over the weekend, I'd use the hotel again. My guess is that it may depend on what room you get.... Ours, a double at the front of the hotel, had a king size bed and was clean with a window that opened. The room was not large, but was certainly adequate, and in my opinion good value given the location. I've stayed in more expensive hotels which have been no better.Despite previous reports, we found the reception staff polite and helpful. Previous reports have commented on the lack of a lock on the baggage room, but this must have been rectified, as it was locked when we used it.	
Nov 11 2004	good hotel	Good central location in Bayswater. Stayed one night in superior double room. Hotel had clearly been recently renovated. At least the hotel reception and our room were immaculate. Would stay again.	
Nov 3 2004	Give it a try!	Yes...what is all the complaining about!A Schrager Hotel, it is not! But for the price, who can complain?As one of your other reviwers; I've stayed twice in the last several months and am upset I cannot get a room for my most recent trip.Amenities are moderate to OK. Location is great with ideal proximity to Paddington and Heathrow Express. Rooms are clean and neat and are absolutely on par with most moderate European Hotels! What are most reviewers expecting?...travel a little more...get a broader perspective!	
Nov 1 2004	How small are these rooms???	Booked a double room for me and my girlfriend, was very disappointed as the room was very small and the bath room was tiny. Some clever photography has been used to on the website to make the rooms and other areas of the hotel to appear bigger than they actually are. The room becomes very warm once the shower has been used and this is not helped by the fact the bed room area is tiny and the windows could not be opened.The location of the hotel is quite good and the surrounding area is fairly quiet. I would not stay in this hotel again due to the tiny rooms. It was such a disappointent.	
Oct 26 2004	Incredibly rude reception staff	V disappointed - upon arrival was told by most a unfriendly receptionist that they had no room for us - although I had booked, paid and received booking confirmation. She could not explain what the problem was and was incredibly unhelpful. I insisted she find me a room as I had confirmation of my booking and it was 5pm Sat evening at this stage - suddenly she 'found' a twin room and grudgingly handed our key over. So a very uncomfortable start to our stay - my main problem with the Caesar was the unprofessional manner of the staff as a whole - it appeared as though they had no customer service training and were extremely rude. We were obviously not the only ones thinking this as on checking out witnessed a screaming argument between another guest and front desk reception. Bedroom and bathroom tiny and windows dont open so way too warm. I will not be recommending the Caesar to anybody.	
Oct 24 2004	I would stay there again	I really don't know why people are complaining like that. I stayed together with a friend for two nights and we both enjoyed our stay. Compared to other London hotels it's really clean, the staff is very friendly and the location perfect - central and quite at the same time. It was no problem to check in at 10 am and the luggage room was neither crowded nor unlocked. Standard rooms are small, that's right, but not for London standards. For a longer stay I would recommend an upgrade because there is not much room to store your belongings. So for 85 pounds per night and room incl. breakfast there really is nothing to complain about.	
Oct 11 2004	Hugely Disapointed	I had already booked a double room for me and my girlfriend at The Caesar when she found this website and told me that it had bad reviews, i had a look and thought we should just give it a go as there's one guy who says it's a good place to stay. I won't make that mistake again.Check in time is 2pm. I phoned up the day before to try and arrange an earlier check in but was told it was a little late but they'd do their best. I should imagine she put down the phone and did nothing about it as when we arrived at 1:30pm on the day the room wasn't ready and still wasn't ready until about 2:15. Ok not such a long wait really but seeing as i'd let my interest at checking in eaerly be known i would have thought a 4 star hotel would at least try and get the room ready.We left our bags in the small luggage room while we went for a walk in Hyde park to pass the time, the room is very small and packed to the brim with other peoples bags. I could have easily stolen some bags if i was that sort of person as they are literally just piled up.The corridors and the room we stayed in are carpetted in a grotty grey patterned carpet that looks about 20 years old, quite dirty in places too. Cardboard has been placed over certain bits where there's been spillages of some sort. The corridors themselves aren't the most attractive, infact they're not even straight, they weave around all over the place but that can't be helped as the building is probably very old.When we arrived in our room i was amazed at how small it was. I can only remember staying in a travel lodge and that was much bigger as well as being better decorated. The walls in our room had scuff marks all over them. I wasn't even sure if we had an en-suite due to the size of the room, but there was one, about the length of a small bath each way. I can see this being difficult for larger people.Another thing i feel i should mention. I'm not sure if this is the same throughout all the rooms, but the floor slopes slightly. The door to our room had a one inch gap on one side where the floor has sloped down. Because of this you can hear what's going on outside in the corridor clearly and i'm sure it goes without saying that they can also hear you.Nnother few things.. The food was alright but not great. I didn't come across a single member of staff that sounded english, infact they spoke to each other in spanish (i think) and other languages, that's fine as they have multi-lingual staff but it's hard to understand them sometimes. The only reason i didn't give this 1 star is because i'm sure there are alot worse in London.Sorry this is so large, i just thought i should mention everything so that no one else makes the same mistake i made.	
Sep 25 2004	Wouldn't stay again!!	Stayed at the Caesar as most other London hotels were booked out - realised why there were available rooms immediately! Had the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in, the bathroom was ridiculous - some guests would not even be able to turn 360 in it.Staff need serious training - both in operations and customer service. Hotel forgot my taxi booking and attempted to send me on my way in an illegal taxi which they flagged down in the street. Breakfast is not worth the price of £7.50 and forget trying to store your luggage - the room is full to the ceiling.Saying that, the hotel was clean and the rooms were nicely decorated. A lot more could have been made of the Caesar - but needs more attention to details.	
Sep 7 2004	Don't know why people are complaining	I have just come across the reviews for the Caesar and can't understand why people are complaining. I have stayed here twice in a year and both times i have been perfectly happy with the service and standard of the rooms. I understand the rooms aren't very large but then neither is the bill, you get what you pay for! The first time I paid a bit more for the executive double room and the room was bigger, I got fruit, wine and a newspaper delivered every day.The rooms were clean which is always my biggest worry when staying in a hotel and breakfast- continental or cooked was delicious!	
Sep 2 2004	Hated it	DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. The rooms were tiny and didn't actually have windows (and there was no air conditioning). We spent our first evening desperately looking for alternative accomodation. They couldn't move us until the second night and when we were upgraded to better rooms (with windows) the promised bottle of wine and bowl of fruit didn't materialise. When we asked for a discount on what was an expensive room they refused. It was a totally disappointing experience.	
Aug 25 2004	Windows did't open 	I was completely fooled by the description given on the Web (and by the price). Too good to be true. The windows were permanently sealed and there was no air conditioned. They wouldn't give me a double room for the same price so I left.NEVER AGAIN!	
Aug 3 2004	Very Disapointed	quite disapointing, nothing like the glowing description on the web. halls are beaten up and the rugs are filthy. some websites describe the hotel as having air conditioned room, this is not the case. they have very limited amenities, and a shockingly casual approach to luggage security. coat hangers are aparently far too dear to supply more than 5 to a room.	
Jul 16 2004	Unhappy at the Caesar	I agree that the website completely misrepresents this hotel. My friend and I checked in to the smallest room I have ever seen after being treated quite rudely at the front desk. We arrived early and were handed a key to a small closet in which we could store our bags until check in. The closet was completely packed, and if not for the help of a fellow guest, we would not have been able to stow our bags. Our tiny room didn't even have enough space for our bags, and the french doors that look out to the courtyard had no lock. We promptly upgraded to a larger room, which we of course paid for. With the upgrade, we were to receive a free newspaper of our choice and a bottle of wine or water. The first day, we had neither and had to ask the front desk to ensure we got what we were paying for. The front desk staff were very rude, although the restaurant staff were pleasant. We discovered only by calling for room service on a Sunday night that the restaurant is closed on Sundays, even though the menu card in our room said the restaurant is open daily from 7-10pm. I would never stay at the Ceasar again although it is conveniently located.	
Jul 10 2004 	Very nice indeed	I organised a business trip here for 10 persons and was worried sick when I read the reviews. I need not have worried. The staff were friendly, the hotel was clean and the bedrooms were a good size and superbly furnished. This place is in a great location near to Paddington station. My business trip ran smoothly and everyone complimented me on the choice of hotel. Breakfast was also very good!Well Done to the Caesar hotel and it's staff!!!	
Jul 6 2004	we loved it!	My husband, mum and I stayed here in June and were panicking after reading the reviews here! However it exceeded our expectations! Ok the rooms are small, but they are immaculate and to be honest what can you expect for such a reasonable pirce in a great location? If you book, ask for a room at the front of the hotel - then you will have a big (opening) window. My mum was in a single at the top of the hotel at the back, and it was hot. The staff were all lovely and the bar was good. We will definitely stay here again as our stay was great!	
Jun 30 2004	Worse than Fawlty Towers	We stayed in May 2004.In addition to tiny rooms, the building is poorly ventilated and noisy.Even with a request for an early arrival -Understand not always possible, the reception staff made no attempt to assist with this simple request after a 20 hour flight from Australia. In addition, we were simply handed a key for the baggage room without any further assistance, when the security of our baggage was queried we were curtly told it was not their responsibility.This was the worst hotel we stayed in on extensive six week vacation during which we stayed at 22 hotels.	
Jun 29 2004	Perfect for a short break in London	I'm quite amazed by the poor reviews of the Casear as I was more than happy with my stay. Yes, the rooms are small, but then most hotels in London are. The room was spotlessly clean and comfortable, and although the bathroom was very small, it was modern and very useable! Breakfast was perfect in my opinion - no complaints! And the dining area was really modern and clean - a welcome change to the usual twee London hotels. Generally, a great stay - convenient for all central London locations - despite the small rooms!	
Jun 22 2004	Absolutely Fine	We stayed at the Caesar for one night whilst going to a concert in Hyde Park and it was perfect. The location was great, just a short walk across bayswater road into the park. We paid £79 for a double room for the night. Although the room was small it was very clean and fine for what we needed. The rate card on the reception desk said double rooms were £170. I wouldn't have been happy with the room if I had paid that amount although all the advertising pictures showed much larger rooms which I presume is what you got if you paid more. Overall the hotel is perfect for a couple of nights in London.	
May 17 2004	Fawlty Towers	This was the worst hotel experience of my life. The web site totally misrepresents this place. My reservation for a queen bed, sitting area, daily fruit basket, meant nothing to the staff - lucky I was alone. On arrival I was checked into a tiny room with two single beds pushed together and nowher to put may suitcase. When I returned to the front desk to complain that my room did not match the agreed descripition, i got a simple shrug of the shoulders and another room was offerd. This time at the front of building - if you are at the back you would be better off in the local youth hostel - still no sign of the queen size bed, sitting area and fruit. Never again will I stay in a room without airconditioning. Even with the less than mild weather of london a shoe box heats up very quickly. Oh and did I mention the one lift, which has a maximum capacity of three people. Sometimes you could be waiting for up to ten minutes. Everyone that I got intimate with in the lift and pased in the hotel corridors was moning about the place. I don't know how couples were fitting in to the rooms!!	
Mar 4 2004	What an improvement!	The Ceasar looks beautiful now, stay the a couple of times when we were in London, it was rundown and shabby but now it beautiful. My family always complained when we go for breakfast, its like a refuge camp. I hope its better now. Whatever it is, London is still a beautiful and wonderful place to visit.	
Mar 3 2004	Its not THAT bad!	I work for a group of luxury hotels in the Canary Islands and have stayed in many different standards of hotel. For a London hotel, the Caesar is not bad, but it does have some inherent problems. Staff at the front desk are helpful, but don't have much in the way of local knowledge. I had some problems setting up my computer with modem and they were not helpful at all. The rooms are nicely furnished and they are comfortable HOWEVER they are very small. I made a reservation for a single, but have a feeling that with the double bed, they would also put 2 people in there - impossible! I had to switch off the radiator (even though it was snowing outside!) and I had a nice big window. I saw other rooms with very, very small high windows - beware! Rooms are really only OK for max 2 nights. There were 6 hangars, and one very small, very high shelf. No shelves or drawers to put anything away and no suitcase stand. Forget room service - I ordered but nothing came. Dinner in the Restaurant was OK, lovely cutlets of lamb, although a bit peppery. Forget breakfast, its not worth GBP7.50. Previous reviewer is right about the toiletries. Oh, and I booked with Lastminute who charged my credit card before I could change my mind, having read the reviews!!!.....	
Mar 3 2004	Not bad but not great either	I also booked this hotel before reading the reviews here (I won't do that again!) When we arrived, we were impressed with the appearance of the foyer , but it was fairly small, and didn't really seem like a proper hotel, if that makes any sense. When we got to the room, it was indeed very small, but we didn't mind so much because it was just somewhere to sleep as far as we were concerned. We had paid ?100 for two nights in a twin room, so it was pretty cheap. I would have been annoyed if we had paid any more than this. The bathroom was small but very clean, and there were plenty of clean towels, but again, I missed having a wash cloth and a shower cap. The bed was very comfortable.When we returned to our room on the first night, we discovered we were able to open the door by just pushing it open. When I approached reception about this, the woman was rude and simply said 'It 'shouldn't' do that'. Well, obviously it shouldn't!!! No apology was made, but maintenance came and fixed it within minutes.Overall, I would recommend this hotel because of its central location, and if you're just looking for somewhere clean and comfortable to put your head down. If you're looking for anything more in a hotel, go elsewhere.	
Mar 2 2004	Complete review from an impartial customer	Unfortunately, I saw many of the previous reviews after I had a reservation at the hotel. Since it is spring break and I received a discount, I did not want to change hotels at the last minute and end up with nothing. Below is my complete review of room 105 at the Caesar. My fiancÃ© says that he would give the rating of the hotel room a fair mark while I think it is neither fair nor good especially for the price we paid.I first booked the hotel room on bookings.co.uk. I reserved a superior double room with the bottle of wine, fruit plate and newspaper in the morning. The rate was Â£109 for a Sunday night. In America, I have come to realize how luxurious our hotels are, even the economy class hotels. When coming to London for the first time, I thought that the Caesar would have similar standards.Items needed to bring with you: Â Bar of soap (if donÂ t mind liquid soap or allergic to Dove) Â Shampoo and Conditioner, no bathroom accessories Â Pad of paper, if you are use to having one available Â Wash cloth, face cloth or nylon bath spongeBathroom Â Room was freezing, no heat vent Â Liquid soap bottles bolted to the wall by sink and in shower Â Tub was small, only big enough for a child (IÂ m 5Â 3Â and I would have difficulty) Â Tiles in shower were not completely clean and the tub base was a bit dirty Â Shower needed an instructional manual o The left knob was for adjusting the power of the spray o The right knob controlled the hot and cold Â Toilet low enough for most peopleÂ s comfort Â Sink and toilet were clean Â Clean towels and hand towels, no wash clothRoom Â Kettle to make coffee with coffee making accessories Â Hair dryer under the desk Â Bed was firm and made noise when moving and had a lump in the middle of the bed Â A small whole in the sheet Â Ample seating for two; one chair at desk, two at a small table and one in the entrance hallway of room Â Called to switch mineral water to House White Wine, which was very good for 2003 year Â Excellent lighting in room and there were several switches throughout room Â Fruit plate had fresh fruit (kiwi, red &amp; green grapes, orange, banana, one green &amp; one red apple) with a plate, butter knife and napkin Â Room Safe with instructions Â Hotel guide for around the world, by the same company ? Â Room service available with menus in room Â TV had only 5 channels (BBC 1, BBC 2, ITV 1, Channel 4, Channel 5) and Sky News disguised as CNN. o Two Standard movie channels, the selection depended on the time of month o Two Adult Channels o Games (pay) and instructions for internet o Wake up call setting, message notification and bill viewing availableRoom Appearance Â Cracks in wall by the entrance door and bathroom Â White walls with some marks Â Smoke detector had something plastic hanging from it Â Modern Art on walls Â A large hanging mirror above deskService and Hotel Â Check-in was smooth Â Staff at front desk was quick and friendly Â Bar staff exchanged wine within 5 minutes, most of the wait was on the phone (appro. 2-3 minutes) Â Asked for credit card at check-in Â If you are not a British citizen, expect to supply hotel with country of residency and give passport number at check-in (told that it was standard in every hotel) Â The hotel was quieter than expected Â Entrance is smaller than pictures show Â The restaurant is in the basement and the bar is on the ground floor Â The elevator was small (possible could fit 5 people) and was uneven with floor when doors openedLocation Â 5 Blocks from Paddington Station, within walking distance Â Off of a side street in a residential section Â Close to several restaurants and shops, within walking distance	
Jan 25 2004	Awful - don't go there	The Caesar Hotel has only one thing going for it - the location which is very convenient. Apart from that I can't think of one good thing to say about it. The staff although very pleasant can't give decent directions to any of the tiny rooms! The double room I just stayed in was the smallest hotel room I have ever seen and it didn't even have a wardrobe or a window, just a dirty skylight with a blind that you couldn't open. I had booked for two nights but only stayed for one, as I moved to another hotel for the second night and I would rather lose money than go mad staying in a shoebox with no ventilation! Trust me if a Brit says its small, then it is really small!	
Jan 13 2004	Small	I Stayed with my girl friend in a executive package room which i bought of a internet website. Hotel is situated in a nice quite area. Basically the room was tiny not what i expected as an &quot;executive package&quot; although the room was clean and tidy. There was no mini bar, chair, very basic. The restaurant was nice and overal the staff were very helpful. I wouldnt pay the hotel rate for the room on offer.	
Dec 16 2003	Stay clear of this one	This place is awful. I would give it zero stars if I could. I checked in Dec. 11 and the first room I was given (room 317) had electrical tape on the window to cover a 4 inch hole. The room itself...very small and dank. There was approximately 6 inches on either side of the bed to walk. The shower was 2 square feet. That's all. Don't even try to turn around if you're an adult. The only place in the room that I could open my luggage was in the entry way. That made it very difficult to get in and out of the door. At check in, I was surprised to find out that the reservation I made on Travelocity did not include breakfast. All of the room on the Caesar website included at least a continental breakfast. Maintenance arrived in my room and said they would replace the tape over the window. Not good enough for me. I requested a different room due to the broken window. I received a second room (room 321) which was just as bad. Both rooms I received were &quot;Standard Rooms,&quot; not the executive double I thought I reserved based on the Travelocity description. The entire hotel is nonsmoking - not an issue for 70% of people, but for smokers, not good. Even though I had prepaid my reservation for 4 nights, I left after the first night and went to the K-West where I received a deluxe room for the same price as the Caesar. K-west also has a spa and exercise room. It's a bit father away from the center of London, but the accommodations are so much better. Take my advice. Stay away from the Caesar Hotel. Book at the K-West. You will not regret it. I promise.	
Dec 2 2003	Enjoyed my stay!	I definitely enjoyed my stay at the Caesar. It met all my expectations. My only complaints were that my keycard did not work when I first arrived and the second day when I came back from a long day of sight seeing and climbed the stairs to the fourth floor because 10 people were waiting for the elevator, (which is tiny, and very slow, my other complaint). I then had to climb down the stairs again to the lobby and get them to make my card work. That was annoying, but everything else was wonderful.I had a single room, which was very small but stylish. There was a small closet with a safe, and a bathroom with a tub, which was nice because I was able to soak after a very long day of traveling.Breakfast was included in my room price, and the buffet was small, but included breads, cereal and yogurt. It started my day off right, and in a city as expensive as London, it was nice to have one meal of the day free.To wrap up, I would definitely stay at the Caesar again, although definitely not in the summer (no central ac and my fan didn't work, I was hot when I first arrived with all my stuff), but it was very cozy for a winter stay.	
Oct 19 2003	our experience was good	10/10/03 thru 10/18/03: we were a little hesitant after reading some negative reviews here, but we decided to take a chance anyway. This hotel is actually not bad for relatively inexpensive lodging. The rooms were clean and nicely decorated, but i would recommend no more than 2 people per room. no dresser for storage, but there was an open &quot;amoire&quot; type unit. Heavy clothes packers will not be happy with this arrangement. Bath was smallish but clean and with modern fixtures. Water was tepid with typically slow drains as with most older buildings. The hotel is situated on a relatively quiet (for London), tree-lined street, close to the bayswater,paddington and queensway tube stations. We were able to walk very easily to paddington to get on the heathrow express to the airport, and to get the train to other destinations-very convenient. I am glad we picked this area because I thought other areas closer to city center were extremely busy and very noisy. Regarding the window situation---we were lucky enough to get a room with 2 windows, one of which opened (room 101). It seemed that they may have resolved the windows, as we noticed other windows were open also. I cant imagine booking a room without air in the warmer months, however. I would have to bite the bullet and pay more for AC. Staff was very resonsive to any requests or problems. We booked thru expedia and were disappointed that our booking did not include breakfast.Paying for it is definitely not worth it. Go somewhere else if you have the time. We enjoyed our stay here, but the heat issue in the summer would prevent me from booking here during that season.	
Aug 27 2003	Nice but far too hot!	My sister and I stayed here for 2 nights in July 2003- unfortunately during some of the hottest weather seen in London at that point- I say unfortunately, because whilst the temperature was hot outside, that was nothing compared to the tenperature in the bedrooms!Upon arrival at the hotel, we were given our keys and went up to the 1st floor in the (someone tiny and unpredictable lift) where our twin room was located. When we opened the door, the first thing to hit us was the heat- unbelievable! Trying to open the window proved fruitless- it was painted shut. I spent a number of minutes hunting round the room looking for some form of air conditioning as I couldn't believe that there was no form of ventilation whatsoever!! We were actually perspiring more in the room than we had outside, such was the heat in the room. (yuck)I went to complain at reception (where I found another recently arrived guest doing the same), and was told that when the next manager came in, she would see if she could move us, as she had &quot;a better knowledge of the hotel&quot; (?). I retired to my room and enjoyed a glass or two of wine with my sister (as you do) and eventually a young man appeared at our door to show us another room on the next floor up. This room was marginally better as at least the window could open and it was ever so slightly larger in size, so we accepted the change.Overall, the hotel is average in my opinion. Obviously, the heat and lack of ventialtion is a major issue, and something that should quite frankly be investigated by the proper authorities. We just thought we were unlucky due to the hot weather at that time- however, after reading other reviews, I can see this is not the case. However, the location of the hotel is fab: close to Paddington Train Station with connections to Heathrow, several tube stations minutes walk, Kensington Gardens nearby and being in a residential area, you have food/wine shops nearby. The lobby and restaurant area is very modern in design, but the bathrooms could be bigger. However, I suppose in real terms, if you're going to London for a short trip, then you're not going to be spending a lot of time in your room anyway, but if you stay here, just remember to pack your travel fan!!	
Aug 23 2003	Stay Clear of This one!	Stayed in this &quot;Hotel&quot; not long after it re-opened. Like other reviewers i found the communal areas &quot;Hip and Chic&quot;. The hotel was clean BUT.... the room was very very small and no opening windows... why oh why?... they are simply sealed shut! Their is no need for this... Building Regulations have been blamed but this cannot be the case).. my line of work...All in all... good location, but to have rooms with no ventilation is criminal.... and WILL fail Building Regulations.... Spend your stay elsewhere.PS. That last reviewer deffinetely works for the company... nothing more obvious!!	
Aug 19 2003	Hip chic clean and affordable		
Aug 5 2003	Dreadful!		
Jul 5 2003	Great position quaint building but...		
Jun 25 2003	clean small hot		
Jun 3 2003	Needs some improvement		
Jun 3 2003	Airless		
May 20 2003	Had an extended stay		
Mar 20 2003	nice but small		
Nov 17 2009 	OJO! Habitaciones minúsculas		
Oct 14 2009 	Habitación demasiado pequeña		
Sep 23 2009 	hotel carino zona tranquilla		
Sep 22 2009 	hotel charmant		
Sep 16 2009 	mini habitacion gran amabilidad		
Sep 5 2009 	ottimo		
Jul 16 2009 	week end londres		
Jun 21 2009 	the caesar...		
Jun 11 2009 	Menos de lo que parece		
May 24 2009 	Agréable et accueil très aimable		
May 6 2009 	Hotel explendido y céntrico		
Apr 16 2009 	Ojo habitacion estandar muy pequeña!		
Feb 25 2009 	Bella posizione ma camere microscopiche e spoglie		
Feb 11 2009 	Fantastico The Caesar		
Jan 28 2009 	encantador cerca de notting hill / lovely near notting hill		
Jan 28 2009 	Classieux Beau moderne		
Jan 24 2009	hotel decevat		
Jan 16 2009 	Bonito Hotel de diseño habitaciones pequeñas.		
Jan 6 2009 	Piccolo ma piacevole		
Dec 22 2008 	klasse Hotel mit super Standard		
Nov 11 2008 	Hotel très agreable et très bien situé !		
Oct 31 2008	?????????		
Oct 30 2008 	Moderne Sympa et bien placé		
Oct 21 2008 	estupendo hotel		
Sep 29 2008 	Totalmente recomendable		
Sep 28 2008 	Buona location		
Aug 29 2008 	buon rapporto qualita' prezzo		
Aug 27 2008 	Siamo stati bene!		
Aug 13 2008 	Buena relación calidad-precio.		
Aug 6 2008 	Hotel ist sehr zu empfehlen		
Aug 4 2008 	Claustrofobia no se abren las ventanas		
Jun 22 2008 	Klein aber fein		
Jun 11 2008 	probleme carte bancaire		
Jun 6 2008 	Muy recomendable		
Apr 30 2008 	Guapo guapo...		
Mar 31 2008 	A piedi nel parco		
Mar 24 2008 	Mini		
Feb 28 2008 	simple propre et moderne.		
Jan 23 2008 	Buen hotel. gusto minimalista catalan.		
Dec 5 2007 	No volveré		
Nov 10 2007 	THE CAESAR en londres de lo mejor		
Aug 31 2007 	Un '10' por excelente		
Jul 11 2007 	Hôtel 3* correct		
Mar 30 2007 	Trés design propre mais chambre petite		
Feb 16 2007 	Bon hôtel bonne situation		
Dec 4 2006 	3 etoiles pas si mal		
Jun 4 2006	hotel con estilo		
