Nov 14 2009 	Disappointing like meeting Danni Minogue without her make-up (I imagine)	I was doing some collaborative work with somebody from another US company. She made the arrangements for where we would stay and the agenda of visits we'd be making to prospective Market research companies. So when she said we were booked into the Selfridge Hotel. My thoughts in order were, &quot;Wow thats cool&quot; and &quot;I'm glad I'm not paying&quot;. Well after the trip I was 50% right, I was glad I didn't have to pay out of my budget, but &quot;cool&quot; it wasn't! First shock was car parking - I got directed to the adjacent multistorey, and paid around £70 to park my car for 2 days! Then, when I went up to my room, having seen the rack rate, I thought, surely there must be some mistake and by accident somebody has given me the keys to a cupboard where they keep all the worn out discarded furniture! I checked again, and the number on the door was the right one. The room was tiny, and I can only describe it as grotty. If you've read any of my other reviews you'll know I'm not picky and am realistic about what to expect from a cheap hotel. Well, even if this was cheap I might have been a bit downhearted. But of course it wasn't cheap, it was VERY expensive, especially for what it was.My colleague told me her room was similar, and I had to assure her that wasn't typical by UK standards, and I also felt ripped off. I filled in the &quot;comments slip&quot; and handed it in when we checked out, but looking at other reviews on tripadvisor, it looks like nobody read it!We did however have a good time, the business side went well, and we selected a MR company that did a good job for us, and in the evening we just stayed in the vicinity of the hotel, ate at the Spaghetti House Restaurant just over the road, which was nice, and did a bit of local pub crawl (Jan wanted to experience some British pubs), and we ended up in a pub with kareoke. Very amusing! I was also impressed by her capacity for beer, especially of the warm British variety! So, we had a good time and profitable business trip despite the hotel. Read my other reviews, I seldom give bad ones, but this really really was not value for money, or even pleasant but expensive, it was expensive and disappointing!	
Feb 25 2009 	terrible faded must have been nice a long time ago	Nice lobby but otherwise very scruffy and a bit grubby-our curtain fell off on the first night. Also some noise from traffic etc. After a lot of complaining we moved to another equally scruffy room on a different floor -this one had ripped wallpaper but at least it was quiet. Stayed here for four nights.The buffet breakfast wasn't great- luke warm juice, tinned fruit etc. but had room service after that which was much better but still not fantastic-would have been disappointing even if it hadn't cost so much. If you really must stay here-it has a great location! Don't even think about eating-better off to go to Selfridges next door or one of the nearby cafes, even if breakfast is included.	
Feb 18 2009 	Elevators didnt work - Housekeeping ignored by DND sign	I was only there for 4 nights.. A friend of mine suggested it, I wish I hadn't wasted my money.Sometimes the elevators worked, sometimes they didn't. The times they didn't we had to use the staff elevators.That wasn't as bad as when I left a Do NOT disturb sign hanging on my door and it was completely ignored. I was in the shower at the time and housekeeping knocked and tried to open the door ( I had locked it from the inside) I couldnt believe the kept knocking and even tried to open the door. It was my last day there so I had left my suitcase open and all personal items (including passport) were just lying there. I left my room with a DND sign still hanging on the door, feeling secure that the housekeeper had gone and if another returned would respect the DND. Well boy was I wrong, as soon as I returned I noticed fresh towels and the bed was made. I was furious...Did anyone else ever experience this in a 4 star hotel before? I mean its the most basic and important rules to follow.	
Jun 17 2008 	Not worth it	Stayed there for one night and I have to say that it was not worth the price tag. The room was very small and run down. The breakfast was ok but all the surroundings were awful and the clothes that the staff was wearing was dirty and very,very worn down. The location was good though.	
Apr 6 2008	Disappointing Selfridge Hotel	Convenient location. Pleasant public areas.The Hotel refused to accept a company invoice (very large established organisation) and insisted I pay before leaving, I had to queue for a long time too, even though my secretary had previously telephoned to check this of which they had no apparent record. Don't they want my and other organisations' business?All the reception staff to whom I spoke had only a tenuous grasp of English and I had great difficulty understanding them and they me. I do not have a hearing nor speech impediment. In my view the Hotel was expensive and room run-down and dilapidated with small neglectful irritants such a trouser press not working, suggesting noone cared. My room was situated over the kitchens, the fans of which started-up at considerable voume at 1:00am. I requested and got a room transfer. I later received a letter of apology with the offer of a fifty pound discount if I stay again. I considered this insulting, as it would be the last place I'd stay. I came away with the clear impression they trade on the name for wealthy tourists and don't really care. I would not stay again.Very disappointing, impersonal and very expensive for the standard. I have experienced Travelodges in much better condition with friendlier staff for a fraction of the price.	
Mar 12 2008	Needs some tender loving care.	This hotel is located in a good position and you can easily get from here to all the attractions London has to offer, tube nearby etc. My husband booked this trip from Wednesday until the Saturday and we went to a couple of musicals. Great. We did expect a small room and yes it was a small room and small bathroom. I'm 5'5&quot; and my knees just about touched the side of the bath when sitting on the toilet. (The bath side was in a bad state of repair). The furniture was old and stained. The walls were really dirty and scuffed. I did not put any clothes into the drawers, however, we did hang clothing in the wardrobe. No iron or ironing board here hust a trouser press. There was tea and coffee making facilities. This room was a flash back to the 70's and looked as though it hadn't been refurbished since then. The windows were old and badly fitting. The thick curtains just about kept the wind out. All linen i.e. bedding and towels were clean however and the breakfasts were good. This hotel was o.k. for a few days. I would not use this hotel again as it the rooms are in dire need of some tender loving care. I'm sure there are hotels in the vicinity that have rooms which are cleaner.	
Mar 2 2008 	More like two star!	I expected more for this four star hotel costing £92.00 per night.The room was small. Cracked and peeling paint on the inside of bathroom door frame. Slumber was interrupted by a noisy generator. Large queue waiting to be seated at breakfast table. I am sure that there is better value for money in the immediate vicinity.	
Mar 2 2008	Good and bad experience	Arrived to find we didn’t have the double room we booked, they could now only supply a twin room, then when we went to the room we found it was a smoking room. Went back to complain at reception who were very understanding, they booked us into the Marble Arch Hotel 2 mins away (same group Thistle hotels) and up graded us to a great room.Second day had to move back to the Selfridge, which was a shame because the Marble Arch was so good.Checking in good room ok but needs updating. Breakfast was very poor, service not very good and had to wait sometime for the food to arrive at the self-service bar.Would not recommend the Thistle Selfridge but would recommend the Thistle Marble Arch	
Feb 20 2008 	Thistle Selfridge - does not live up to its name	I stayed there with my friend as a threatre break from 31 January through to 3 February. On check-in was given a room on the second floor - the most awful room, cracked tiles in the bathroom, limescale on the shower, outside bedroom window open, the room was freezing cold - it is January! Also the room was very &quot;old&quot; in look as well as furniture. Went back to reception and spoke to the porter, who arranged for me to be moved. I was then moved to the fourth floor - business floor and the room was much better, but we had to ask for extra pillows, no mini bar at all - this was turned off and empty - television didn't work properly so could receive no movie channels or even guest link - so this had to be requested to be fixed.Breakfast - tea was cold and weak. Requested a pot of tea - you were given mugs instead of cups and had to continually stand and wait for the hot food.The main lounge was being used as a conference facility so were unable to use this at all during our stay - why they couldn't use meeting rooms is beyond me! Bar was OK but not much to write home about. I thought the Thistle Selfridge Hotel would be up there with other four star hotels, but am afraid to say that it is not really to that standard at all - I would say a two star at best. Would not use this as your base if I were you I paid far too much over £600 for the three day stay - would not use again.	
Feb 19 2008 	Hotel OK and location excellent	We stayed at this hotel for 1 night and were a little concerned after reading the reviews. However, we checked in quickly to a small, but nice twin room. It was clean and beds comfortable.The location of the hotel is fantastic for shopping, with everything on your doorstep.Breakfast was good, and even though we had to queue to get into the breakfast room, once in we found the breakfast buffet really nice and toast and tea was brought to us quickly, and the staff all very polite, even though it was very busy.Overall this hotle was ok- and i would consider staying here again.	
Feb 18 2008 	the best location	I don´t know how much my review will be helpfull since I was staying there 2 years ago, but I certenly don´t remember anything SO terrible in it as people over-hyping it in other reviews.We got to The Selfridge hotel on Orchford street without advanced booking. (we had some unexpected changes in our trip and after walking almoust two hours in the center looking for a hotel and facing crazy prices of only president suites left, we tryied this one. )at first I was impressed by entrance and reception, was doubting we can offer it. Luckily we got a special weekend offer - 99 £ per night. it was still expensive for us, we were looking for 50£ per night place, but the location was so great (and we didn´t really had a choice!) Our room wasn´t THAT impressive as reception, but still very clean and equipped. our windows were not to the city streets as we hoped a great view, but to the inside yard with ugly view of basemant doors and some restorant´s kitchen tubes and rubbishbeens. it was too hot in the room so we had to keep window open and had some noise from outside disturbing our sleep a little bit.me and my boyfriend still managed to enjoy it! we had a great time dropping by to the hotel few times per day to change clothes or leave some shoping bags. Sure, I would be much more dissapointed and complane if I had to pay full price for this place, but its hard to find that great located &amp; cheap hotel in London anyway	
Feb 4 2008 	never again	on arriving at the hotel we were given are key to discover that are room had been changed from the3rd floor to the 2nd but that the rest of our party were on the 3rd but that wasnt the end of the world, that happen when we opened the door the room was small and very tired and cold this may have been due to the fact that the window would not close,it was a twin room one bed was ok but as for the other (the floor was a better option),and as for the bathroom it was dirty with signes of mould and the shower head looked like it hadnt ever been cleaned,our friends were put into a smokeing room (and someone had been) to be told the smell would fade thats not a help to non smokers.all i can say is we were glad to have been staying for only one night.	
Jan 26 2008	Not value for money	A group of us stayed for one night, never again. Rooms grubby, drawers wouldn't open. beds were very narrow. One room was very cold, heater not working. . Breakfast was one of the worst we've ever had. The queues were long and thestaff disorganised. The fruit juice was very watered down and the tea was a horrible grey colour, both were undrinkable. The toast took ages, the croissants were stale and the cooked items were lukewarm.Good location , the only plus.	
Jan 24 2008 	Breakfast Staff	The hotel is quite impressive when you arrive, public areas are very nice, the location is wonderful, close to everywhere and with very good transport connections. When we arrived we were given a non smoking room when I had requested smoking, but the next morning they changed us to a smoking room. The rooms are on the small side but the bed was really comfortable. You can see the rooms need to be renovated, but they are not bad at all. The bathroom was also ok. My issue was with the breakfast staff. These people were absolutely useless. Even if the breakfast room was almost empty they couldnt get your toast or coffee... they were continuously having a go at each other and couldnt be bothered about guests listening. For four consecutive days the same story. I really think that the hotel is fine although needs a bit of TLC, the problem is the staff that works there. It really depends on how much you pay for it. The location is unbeatable, but lots of hotels to choose from, so look around and compare prices	
Dec 30 2007 	Terrible	Stayed here for a couple of days in December on business.The hotel is due a major refurbishment in March 2008, and it is not a moment too soon.I booked a single room, and for £15 extra they upgraded me to a largerroom with twin beds.The room was grubby, and the beds very small and soft.I asked to change to a double bed, and they promised to do it the nextday, but when the time came they 'had no record of this conversation'.The hotel is handy for shopping but that's about it. It has a nice facade and lobby which hides a poor interior.Breakfast is nothing to write home about.	
Dec 10 2007 	Lovely hotel great location	We stayed here two nights in December and the hotel looked lovely. The staff were very friendly and helpful. We had a no smoking room which was clean and comfortable. This hotel is excellent for a shop till you drop weekend as it is located right behind Selfridges in Oxford Street. We had a great time and would happily stay here again!	
Dec 5 2007 	Good location but nothing more!	My mother and I arrived at the Selfridge at 6pm. Only to find out that our room wasn’t ready! After waiting for 15 minutes we asked again and were told that they were quite busy tonight but they would soon get us a room. 30 minutes later we were told that they were overbooked and doing their best. 45 minutes later they promised to get us a room in a hotel in the area. An hour later they got us a room in Hilton Tower Bridge. They were willing to pay for the cabs that would take us to Central London and back everyday, but this was out of the question! After a huge argument we accepted to stay at the Hilton for the night and then get back to a junior Suite at the Selfridge!The time was some minutes after 7 and my mom had a business appointment at 7.30 near Piccadilly Circus, which of course she missed! Anyway, we took a cab to Hilton, had dinner and went to bed quite tired, disappointed and frustrated!The next day we checked in our Junior Suite. It couldn’t be more Junior! It was as spacious as a standard room in Hilton Metropole or Thistle Marble Arch! There were complimentary slippers and bathrobes which weren’t changed during our 6 nights stay! There were also more toiletries than in a standard twin room, which makes me wonder: do people who stay in standard rooms need less soap???The central heating wasn’t working and there was a portable radiator that was supposed to heat the room (yeah, right)! There was a quite noticeable leak in the bathroom!, two of the lights in the room weren’t working, the space in the closet was taken by a portable air-conditioner and the mini-bar was empty (and stayed that way because we were unwilling to pay to fill it up)! Also, there was no kind of soundproof and we could hear everything that happened inside the room (and bathroom) next door, on the street (although we were on the 7th floor) and the construction works on the building across the street!Breakfast: Nightmare! For 6 days I ate half my breakfast with no toast and no coffee! We asked politely, we asked rudely, we yelled, we screamed, we begged, we pleaded there was no way we were getting our toast and coffee on time! Also, the restaurant where breakfast is served is too small and there is always a queue! This queue on Saturday was that big that we had to wait for 40 minutes to get seated! By that time there was no white bread, and our toast wasn’t just late, it was not what we wanted either! At that day, we got up to take some more juice and when we returned we found a waiter taking our plates, although our things were still on the chairs! The funny thing with breakfast was that every day there was something missing! First day it was butter, the next it was ketchup, another day it was raspberry jam, then fruit salad and white bread, one day it was even Cumberland sausages!Reception: Maybe they were doing their best, but it wasn’t even close to enough! They weren’t able to neither understand nor speak English! Once, I asked for a piece of paper and it took them 5 minutes to get me one! When we checked in we were promised a late check out. When we mentioned it the day prior to our departure there was no knowledge of that fact. After a small debate, a very rude and unpleasant girl said ok. The next morning, when we finished breakfast and went up to the room, our key cards weren’t working. When we went down to the reception we discovered that the same rude and unpleasant girl had cancelled our cards.Housekeeping: Does anybody speak English? First of all I must say that our room was always clean and tidy and it was the only good thing at this hotel! BUT, there was no way to communicate with housekeeping staff! On the first day I had to pretend I was brushing my teeth to get them to understand I was asking for a toothbrush! On the third day, a young girl asked me “would you like your room serviced now?” and I answered “Could you please come back in one hour”? Guess what she replied!!!! “No English”! If someone spent some time to teach her to ask a question (the answer to which she wouldn’t be able to understand, unless it was yes or no) couldn’t they at least teach her to say “I am sorry, I don’t speak English”?Room Service: Is anybody there? We used it twice. The first time it took them a while to answer the phone. The second time, the phone was ringing, then the line went straight to reception and I was told that “we will try to locate them”! It took them 30 minutes to locate them and it took us 30 minutes to find out that what we wanted wasn’t available (it wasn’t white toast and coffee, in case you wonder)!Porter: Nice decoration! They opened the door for me twice, although almost every time I was carrying bags! Not even once I got asked if I wanted them to get my bags up to my room!Overall, the only good thing about this hotel is its location! Another plus was housekeeping but I don’t know how that would be if we were staying in a standard room!And, in case you were wondering, of course we complained about most of the things mentioned above! I even gave them in writing the problems of the room! If you stay in 706 in the near future, let me know if they fixed anything!!!	
Dec 5 2007	selfridge thistle.	hotel rooms abit on the small side but comfortable .bath rooms the same quite small .i found that the majority of the staff in the dinning room did not seem to know what they were doing nor did they seem to understand or speak english this i found not realy acceptable .i felt like a foreiner in my own country. it took over 40 mins to get checked in to the hotel on arrival.	
Nov 11 2007 	stay away	Stayed here for three nights on a business trip. I did not organise or pay for my stay. For this I am thankful. Had this have been a weekend break paid for by myself I would be furious. The room I stayed in was cold. Air conditioning broken. An oil heater was supplied but this smelt odd and required plugging in which meant choosing between TV, kettle charging phone and being warm. Only two plugs that I could find. Foot print on wall. Hair dryer broke. Room smelt of mould. For the price they are charging you would not want to stay here as a treat. It was like a hostel.Breakfast was cold but lots to choose from. Really dated throughout. Depressing and not what you would expect from looking at the pictures supplied on thier website.	
Oct 27 2007	Oh No Not Again!!!!!	What is it about London hotels that always seem so disappointing? I visit London on a regular basis and I have yet to come across a hotel that is anywhere near as good as it proclaims to be.This one was no exception. From the front it looked impressive, but as soon as you got inside the gloss wore very thin very quickly. I was travelling with quite a large group and five of the couples didn't even have a room ready for them even though it was well past 2 o'clock which was the clocking in time. The staff were very dismissive of us and quite rude.There room when we finally got to it was very tatty. There were holes in the bedding and much of the furniture. The bathroom was anabsolute disgrace with a stained bath and holes all over the place \that had been filled with expanding foam which had just been left.The person who said that the noise from the pipes started for them at 5am were lucky. For our room the noise in the pipes didn't stop until past 2am and them started again at about 4am. I am quite a heavy sleeper but this lot kept me awake for most of the night.The breakfast was okay but not very hot, but the real problem again was the staff who didn't seem to want to know. When we asked them for something simple like coffee it was as if we had sworn at them. They were very rude. There were quite \a few foreign guests staying at the hotel and I found myself constantly apologising and feelling embarised. PLEASE PLEASE don't use this hotel, especially for what they charge.	
Oct 24 2007	Not 4 Star!	Tiny bathroom, could hardly move. However, this was not our real problem, our room on the sixth floor was quite noisy from the early hours, enougth to wake me. Strange sounds like water tanks switching on and off from about 5am onwards. We also found that the breakfasts served were luke warm at best. Also, on ordering dinner from room service, we had to send it back as our peas were freezing and the rest of it was barely warm. It took a long time for them to re-heat it and get it back up to us and it was not cheap! There was also signs all over the hotel advertising the The Selfridge Grill, so we decided to try it for dinner. Upon arriving, it was closed and relocated to The Orchid in another area of the hotel so we went there, only to find that they didnt offer a vegaterian option and their fish dish was off. Not a sucess - wont stay there again!	
Oct 18 2007	Easily the worst hotel i've ever stayed in!	I am gobsmacked that this place has received some glowing reviews. As someone who has worked in the hotel industry and as an Englishman, I am just so embarrassed that this is seen by visitors to our country as a supposed 4 star hotel!My new wife and I arrived for the first night of our honeymoon before going to the airport the next day to fly to India (whose hotels, the Holiday Inn Goa included, are a thousand times better than this place). We turn up to find the doorman looking as you would expect in London (top hat, dress coat, polite) and into the oak panelled lobby.Reception staff were surly but to the point, and we got served pretty quickly. Then we found our way to the room. Oh ..... my .......god! Small is not the word, it hasn't been redecorated since the 80's, no central heating, bedding was awful, but the bathroom was the worst. A light fitting was hanging out over the bath and the grime was so caked in you'd have to remove all the fittings.The location was very good though (we sure as hell did not stay in the room) and spent most of the rest of the day going to my old fav haunts and then to the theatre.Breakfast the next day was awful, tough bread, overdone eggs, undercooked bacon, terrible juice.Basically, i've stayed and ate in much better Travelodges, Best Westerns and other motorway hotels. The supposed 4 star rating REALLY needs to be looked into!	
Oct 16 2007	AWFUL !!! a BIG disappointment	Hotel was round the corner from where I was working - Fantastic NOT !!The front of the hotel is lovely but as soon as you walk in Oh my god !! its like the hotel has been in a time warp !!Reception staff were very rude even though I felt I had been very pleasant. I asked for a quiet room as I'd just arrived from Manchester and was in need of sleep.I'd also requested a morning call at 7am, just to be sure I'd be up !I was given a room on the 7th Floor next to the lift !! as I entered the room is was basic, very shabby, tired furniture - but I was to tired to complain. I used the bathroom and the bath was filthy - you could see where the maid has just thrown some clean fluid round as you see the splashes in the engrained dirty !! After using the bathroom I got ready, watched a bit of TV and after an hour the extractor fan had still not turned off - so on my way to dinner I called at reception to ask someone to have a look at turning the fan off, I also needed to ask where the restuarant was as there is no information about the hotel in the rooms and the receptionist didn't inform me. I told the receptionist the problem and she said &quot;well can someone fix it tomorrow ? so I said that it was quite loud and I would prefer someone to look at whilst I was dinner - but again she said &quot;well can someone look at tomorrow? and her face totally said &quot;I'm not bothered, as I won't sleeping in the room&quot; !! her colleague on reception then shouted to me that someone would go upto my room in an hour !! so I thought well I go for dinner !! The restuarant atmosphere is awful !! I sat partically in the dark - I found out on the 2nd night that the bulbs needed replacing !!! but they sat all the customers in these &quot;booths&quot; 3 of them without lights !! Ordered a starter at £8.00 it definatly was not worth £8.00 !! Dinner turned up and the veg &amp; potatoes were cold and the Lamb was luke warm, I had to wait for 35 minutes for my main and there was only 2 other customers in the restuarant !!! no one apologise - absolute rubbish and they tried to charge me a 12.5% service charge !!!The 2nd night I was there was worse, asked to move room because of the constant noise from the lifts and the single glass windows don't help with noise prevention !!!Receptionist in the morning was happy to move me ! I thought wonderful ! I got back to the hotel at 5.45pm after leaving at 8.30am - no one had moved my room, my belongings still in the original room - the receptionist on duty didn't know anything about it, this was when finally realised I was stood at reception after 15 minutes of ignoring me !! she &quot;upgraded&quot; me to a business class room on the 4th floor !! wonderful - not when I had to collect my stuff rom the 7th and then walked round the 4th floor 4 times. I was allocated 428 which generaly you think would be located between 427 and 429 NOT at the The Selfridge !! after walking round I found the room and immediatley thought the window was open - NO I was on Oxford Street !! so went down and asked to be moved again - the receptionist was even ruder !! she upgraded me again to 537 !! found this room again slightly noisey but I could put with it !! then I found the wall paper was peeling of the wall as there was mold on the wall - the bathroom the paint was peeling off the door frame and the ceiling had rust on it !! Glad I didn't have to pay the supplement for the upgraded room !!! as I don't know what I was paying for ? the mold maybe !! But by 7pm I was knackered !! again ended up using the hotel restuarant again, sat in the dark at the same table with same red wine stain the table cloth from the night before !!This time I complained and the lady that was serving me was fantastic but I did watch the bar maid advising another couple to dine else where in not to bother with the Hotel restuarant and they took her advise - Clever people !!After all the moving around the reception staff didn't change my room number so I didn't get my wake up call and I confused every member of staff as they said nobody was registered to room 537 !!! Glad there wasn't a fire alarm !!I also didn't get my wake up call - so got up for work really late !! bBreakfast was a mess !! crowd and uncontrolled running out of stuff all the time - could get a cup of coffee or toast as the staff where to interested hanging around together and clearing tables !! Check out !! well the system went down so I couldn't even view my bill. So when I get it I will be asking for a full refund !!! I would not recommend this hotel to anyone as you will only be disappointed and may aswell throw your money down the toilet !!I work with hotels and have been in the industry over 10 years and have never experienced such bad facilties !! I have also reported my finding to official industry bodies as they advertise the hotel is 4 star rated - DON'T STAY HEREOn my return home I had to visit my GP as I found I had been quite itchy and I've been told I have flea bites !! lets hope the fleas haven't followed me home !!!I feel very sorry for anyone that experiences this hotel	
Oct 4 2007 	I wanted to like it but I just didn't	I chose this hotel over two others because I thought it looked great. 2 nights for work. Things didn't bode well when the receptionist began arguments with both the preceeding customers.Assinged to a tiny room with twin beds (booked a double) which announced smoking room (non-smoking booked) YUK. It stank. Lucky for me they could move me to an even tinier room on the top floor. Negatives:Furnishings a bit tired, no fridge/mini bar, old telly, a portable radiator that didn't work. It was ok but it was expensive. No internet in rooms becasue they had run out of prepay cards. After asking for one and being told they'd call me back at 19:45 the concierge cqlled at 22:45 to say they had none!Plus points - Quiet which is a real bonus given it very central location. Really nice room service lady, friendly and helpful. She was such a contrast to the rest of the staff. Close to Selffidges and M&amp;SOverall a real disappointment	
Aug 28 2007 	Tatty Selfridge	We have just returned from a short break at the Selfridge. We paid £146 for two nights without breakfast in a twin room through Lastminute.com.The place is very tatty, with wallpaper peeling off the walls. I just logged in to write a Review, to see that one reviewer got bitten by fleas earlier in the summer. My wife has bites on her ankle that we attributed to a mosquito. On reflection they're probably flea bites! 4 stars is a joke. Anyone paying full price to stay here wants his or her head examining.It's handy for the sights, but the decor is very tired, the furniture looks like it's been reclaimed from landfill, and even the teapot had no handle.Don't stay in room 639. In fact just don't go.	
Aug 10 2007 	nice	I have been for the second time to london , this time was for business , the hotel is centrally located and attached to Selfridges , the hotel breakfast is adequate , single rooms were relatively small but included everything , Reception staff were ok no more	
Jul 22 2007 	Loved Thistle Selfridge	we had the most amazing stay in London, The Thistle Selfridges hotel is defintely amongst london's best hotels. We think that The Selfridges made our wedding anniversary even more of a memorable occasion, staff are very friendly and nothing was too much trouble, the cleaning staff were very thorough. The hotels Concierge service is fantastic, staff are very knowledgeable and ensured our needs were carefully considered, all restaurants recommended were of high quality and we received great service.Breakfast buffet was good and catered for most tastes. The bar staff are very friendly and always willing to help.Every small detail was taken care of and that is what impressed us the most, so much that we are planning to visit again. We would have no hesitation at all to recommend The Thistle Selfridges Hotel to all our friends and family.We had a truly memorable stay!	
Jun 23 2007 	*STAY AWAY is an understatement! The location is key..	Ok so its true this hotel is basically a 2 star MAX - its all about the location. After the experience my friend and I had, sometimes the location is not important! We booked this thru lastminutetravel (near victoria station) for a great rate for Sat-Fri. We were told this is a 4star hotel, very very nice and very very large rooms. The lobby is grand and very nice. Our first room was on the 7th floor. very nicely spaced, clean and no problems. We asked for no cleaning service via the &quot;service room&quot; lamp and the sign with a picture of a cleaning lady, an &quot;X&quot; *&amp; reads &quot;DO NOT DISTURB&quot; . Needless to say our room was cleaned, the do not disturb sign was placed on the back of the door. My friend was the morning meal for 3 fleas that somehow managed to hop into our room..(she saw the fleas jump from her leg while sittng in the chair!I was the evening dinner for the fleas!) Management was a joke - my friend had to demand that they move us as they've &quot;never had a problem with fleas or bugs&quot;. After moving to 2 rooms, we were placed in room 706. (see photos taken June 2007)I had a problem with the internet in the lobby as well - I paid 4 pounds for internet access to print a boarding pass, which was a waste due to someones jammed printing that did not clear the printer until i had 1 minute left. (naturally management said they would tell the company to not bill me.. *doubtful*). If you can deal with management that does not care about the customer, questionable cleaning practices and a GREAT location- this is the hotel for you.	
Jun 19 2007	Not Bad	I stayed at this hotel due to the fact I was sitting an exam there.As it was a Sunday I drove down the morning of the exam and it was a welcome relief to find that all the meter parking was free until the following morning - great advice given from the friendly Concierge! We were given an Executive King which was ok , but have stayed in better standard rooms. The slippers and the robe were a nice touch, however the room had a foisty/musky smell to it. We didn't have a view and had to get used to the constant humming of what I think was the air conditioning units that we were overlooking! Breakfast was good and plenty to choose from. Check in was fast and efficient. My only gripe was that after a few drinks around town we returned to the hotel to find that the hotel bar had closed dead on 10.30pm. I know it was Sunday but from experience staying at hotels most normally stay open for residents. It is also very hot in the corridors so it was nice to step in to the fresh (ish) air of Oxford Street. The best bit about this hotel is the location for shopping! I didn't have a bad experience but it wouldn't be my first choice of hotel when I return to London!	
Jun 3 2007 	A great stay	After reading some of these reviews we were a little concerned, but we had no need to worry. The Selfridge was a great stay. Yes the rooms are a little small compared to out of london, but hay you are in the capital and why do you need a massive room. The hotel is very posh; top hatted door man and plush interior. The rooms are spotlessly clean, but in need of refurbishment. Personally I rate cleanliness above brand new fixtures and fittings. The old world charm of door bells and light indicators for room service was an added bonus to me.We stayed for breakfast which was lovely and the service was friendly and speedyAs for the location, it really can't be beat. Almost straight off Oxford Street, and a M&amp;S straight opposite. If you fancy eating out (we didn't bother with the hotel) there are some great pubs and restaurants very near by.Overall a great stay.	
Apr 20 2007	A welcome surprise	After reading the reviews I had some misgivings but was pleasantly surprised. Yes the room was rather small, but comfortable enough to move about in, and the bathroom had room for only one, but that is enough. It was clean, comfortable, and the staff friendly. One or two of them struggled with English but not as badly as us Brits abroad and this may have given the impression of rudeness. Breakfast was good and the bars and lounges comfortable and reasonably priced. We were on the 4th floor and it was fine. The location cannot be bettered and for a few days stay where you are out most of the day it is ideal. We will stay again.	
Apr 19 2007 	Locationlocationlocation	The deluxe rooms have fared well over the years, and are still quite homely - and are worth paying more for.Cleanliness is good and staff are friendly (some have been there for years).Great, unbeatable location - without a doubt.A bit of a cash-injection is needed for some refurbishment though.	
Apr 16 2007 	Nice romantic getaway	I stayed there with my partner for our anniversary.I chose it for the location and also because it was reasonably priced. I was a bit scared by reading some of the comments, but was really surprised!Was given a room on a &quot;business floor&quot; which looked quite cosy in the english sense. very clean and nice bathrobes and slippers too. (Nice touch for the romantic weekend)Breakfast in the morning was great - good selection of hot and cold food.Staff were friendly, looked after us really well and always greeted us with a smile.	
Apr 2 2007 	Let there be light	Met by a concierge with a top hat which looked promising, however sadly downhill after that! The room was far too cramped. The lights failed on 2nd. night and despite request to reception no action was taken. Broken lock on toilet in lounge, hotel is very tatty and needs major refurbishment.	
Mar 25 2007 	Good location	I stayed at the Thistle Selfridge hotel for one night on business in March 2007 (it was booked for me via our company Travel Desk). It is well located just off Oxford Street, about 10 minutes walk from Marble Arch tube station, although I had a little difficulty finding the hotel as from the outside it is called The Selfridge Hotel, with no reference to it being part of the Thistle Hotels group (my reservation stated: Thistle Selfridge). Once inside, I had to wait about 10 minutes for someone to attend to me at Reception, but was treated very well once someone appeared. Having supposedly being booked a double room by our company agents, Russell Hotel Reservations, I was a little dismayed to find that I had a single room. On returning to Reception, I was assured that I had only been booked a single despite the fact that my reservation form stated a double – not sure who was to blame, but the hotel did instantly offer me a free double upgrade, however it never materialised as none were available. (I know this was true as another guest had the same problem – moral here is, I think, to check a couple of days before you arrive to confirm the room of your choice is as booked!). Next issue for me was the room lights. Once in the room, there are two light switches by the entrance door, one is for the entrance lobby and one is for the bathroom; however, with the room in virtual darkness, I could find no switch for the rest of the lights! After calling Reception (there was a phone in the bathroom), I found the switches on the front face of the bedside table, not ‘usual’ place (moral here is to get shown to your room by a porter!). I used Room Service for a meal (£5 service charge!); food was ok, although it could have been hotter. Selfridges Food Hall is next door which offers several eating places and there is a large Marks and Spencer’s’ store opposite which sells food and alcohol. Whilst all this sounds a little negative, the air conditioned room was very comfortable, clean and well equipped. WiFi Internet access was available at cost. Breakfast was served in the light and airy Orchard Terrace; very nice, except for rather watery orange juice. Additionally, I thought milk for cereals was ‘off’, pleasingly it was replaced instantly, without question, when I mentioned it to waitress. Check-out was ok; but when I wanted a taxi, the Concierge, who had earlier boasted he could get a taxi in 1 minute, was no where to be seen; flagged down my own in the end. Sorry, no photos – forgot my camera.	
Mar 19 2007 	Yuk!	This is one of the worst and most overpriced hotels I have ever stayed in! It badly needs refurbishing and is seriously out-dated.I stayed in a twin room and it was very dark and very small. The decor and furniture were ancient (kept expecting Sherlock Holmes to walk out from somewhere), and the bathroom and fittings were tatty.The smell in the lounge and bar was suffocating and smelt like someone or something had died there. At breakfast there was a good choice, but it was, as previously stated, chaotic and quite stressful.The only good thing about this hotel is the location, but it certainly doesn't warrant the price charged.	
Mar 17 2007 	Biggest Disaster in 22 years of travel.	Location is good but this is the only positive. Terribly unfriendly staff. Colder than siberia. Bad service. Really is a 1*.	
Mar 15 2007 	In Need of Renovations!	Great location just off Oxford Street but had problems with rooms as had booked double Junior Suites but when we went to the rooms they were twins! Offered an Executive room for the same price which was alot smaller then eventually offer a Suite which was lovely although noisy on the 3rd floor. Hotel is in desperate need of refurbishing very tatty but breakfast was very good as are all Thistle Hotels, would recommend for location only, try the Cumberland instead if you want location and nice hotel.	
Mar 12 2007	Good location	We had a double room on the sixth floor. It was perfectly clean, just in need of a makeover, i.e. broken light bulbs, which is the most annoying thing. However for the price it was fine, as St Christopher's Place (two minutes) is great for eating, and shopping. The pub and bar are horrible, but as we ate out it didn't bother us. The staff were fine, but why have two people in front of the desk directing us for checking out, and not enough people behind!! Also as usual, we found the receptionists terribly hard to understand!! However, a bargain, as long as you only want a bedroom. The hall and lounge area are beautiful	
Feb 20 2007	AVOID	I really had to think before I wrote this as I hate running a hotel down, however this hotel does not deserve to have guests. The staff have a couldn't care less attitude. Two we met did not and that is what stopped us from walking out. We had exec rooms, nothing exec about them. Shabby, dirty, peeling wall paper and generally in need of a face lift. Breakfast was caos, enough staff but they seemed incapable of working as a team. We witnessed two incidents of raised voices amongst team members. The only good thing about this hotel is the location. It is overpriced, has no atmosphere and is very overpriced. We travel a lot and have stayed in better Premier Travel Inns. Sorry Thistle but you need to get your act together.	
Jan 29 2007	Awful!!!	Booked a twin room for one night on lastminute - £159. Never again! The inital desk staff assumed I and my business partner were a couple (we're not!) and apparently refused to deal with us, disppearing off to 'get someone else'. Ten minutes later, someone with terrible English eventually managed to communicate to us the hotel was full but would 'do his best' to find us a room - despite the fact a room was already booked and paid for and we had the confirmation paperwork with us. The room turned out to be the smallest twin I've ever stayed in - the gap between the beds was about a foot wide and was the only floor space in the room - we had to take turns getting dressed in the bathroom as it was the only place space enough. The light fittings were dangerously loose, the mattresses were awful and the bedding stank of smoke. The aircon unit was stuck on 'heat' and the dial was broken so the room was very stuffy. Then of course the windows were painted shut so we couldnt even get any air in that way... A complaint was submitted to the hotel the day after the stay but its now a week later and still not even a confirmation of receipt, let alone a proper apology. All in all, I will never, ever stay there again!	
Jan 15 2007 	The perfect base for our trip!	I loved this hotel. I've stayed in a lot of places, and found the Selfridge to be above average for comfort and convenience. Rooms could be a bit larger, but overall it is excellent value for money, and perfectly placed for shopping!	
Jan 14 2007 	Much better than I feared	After reading some previous reviews, I spent the last 10 days wondering whether to book an alternative.I really can't find fault with the fabric of the hotel. The room we had was certainly small by US standards but adequate for London ( the &quot;main&quot; part of the room excluding the bathroom/entrance corridor being about 12 feet by 10)Decor was fine, we noticed from the lift buttons that floors 4 and 5 where we were are described as &quot; business floor&quot; so maybe they are the beatBreakfast service was speedy and the buffet choice was good, if very slightly cool, although this type is ALWAYS colder than freshly cooked to order dishes, isn't itWe had a slight problem with our rate as, according to the hotel records, we had a rate excluding breakfast. Fortunately, I took my confirmation e-mail from the online booking service that we used and we were not charged any extra	
Jan 9 2007 	Love the Location!	I had a one night stop over in London and wanted a hotel that was affordable and close to the action - this is the place!I booked a standard room through Expedia, but I believe I was upgraded to an Executive room (it was on the 2nd floor, anyway). The double bed was very comfortable, the room small (aren't all London hotels) and the marble bathroom very surprising.I'm a little shocked at other people's reviews - I really enjoyed this place. The location on Oxford street cannot be beaten. So what if there is no view - you're in London for the city, not for the hotel!The only thing of note is that I booked through Expedia, but during check-in they claimed not to have recieved payment (but they obviously had my booking). A little discussion and providing the Expedia booking email cleared it all up....	
Jan 4 2007	Not 4 star!	We stayed the hotel from 28 to 31st Dec 2006.When I arrived the hotel, I was asked what kind of newspepar should be deliverd into the room every single morning. So I said that I didn't mind Gardians but if possible, Japanese newspepar is applicable.So they delivered the newspepar but whan we check out, they charged almost 7 pounds without any explanation!I claimed if it was charged, I wouldn't have ordered and other 4-5 star hotel never charged. However, they said just sorry.The room was so small and no amenity kid(Only shampoo and soap!)Please do not stay this hotel if you would like to stay coufortable nights and please select other nice hotels.This area is also horrible...	
Jan 3 2007 	tiny room no view and the breakfast room didn't open on time	Not a good hotel. I was flying back early in the morning, the guy running the breakfast room didn't open it up on time so 15 minutes later i was still waiting to be let in. I forgoed the breakfast but was annoyed as i'd paid for it (and already checked out). The guy also was rude about opening up on time. Wouldn't reccommend it. Sorry!	
Dec 11 2006 	Appearances AND room descriptions are deceiving....	Very beautiful and impressive from the outside, which foolishly lead us to beleive the inside would be just as good. I'll start with the good points...Excellent location for shopping and west end theatres; check in is very quick and easy (we booked through London town); shower in room is quite powerful and the bathroom is well presented. Now for the bad points....The rooms are clean enough, but there was an obvious lack of attention to detail - the fabric covered headboard was covered in dust, hair and dirt which a regular wipe could have sorted; grubby, scratched and peeling wallpaper in the rooms and hallways, and dirty grubby looking carpets; the rooms are very very cramped - you are constantly trying to negotiate the furniture that takes up too much space in such a small room; do NOT order room service - it arrives stone cold and heavily overpriced. We ordered a pizza which arrived looking like a child had thrown it together and some chips which cost us £16 for the sham of a pizza and £5 for a small bowl of fries. We promptly sent it back to the kitchen. We booked these rooms because they had air conditioning, but when we rang the front desk to ask how to work it he replied 'oh that hasn't worked for years'! Even though it was December it was very warm in the rooms and the stand up fan/heater was a totally inappropriate substitute for air con. We couldn't wait for breakfast in the morning so we could get out of there but even that was a sham. We had to queue for at least ten minutes in the doorway of the resteraunt which was more like a noisy canteen only to find that the food on offfer, even though it looked beautiful was stone cold. You had to catch waiters and waitresses that were racing around for a cup of tea and toast, and sometimes we had to ask four or five times, even asking the manager before anything was brought to our table. Rubbish way to start your morning. We were expecting a whole lot more from a 4* hotel. It was so shabby and mismanaged that it should stop misleading people. Please dont go there until it has been refurbished! You'll be dissappointed.	
Dec 7 2006	Good for shopping but avoid the standard rooms	The Thistle Selfridge has a great location for Oxford Street shopping, but there is a variety of rooms. The standard rooms are small, less well-maintained, and have poor views into an interior light well; the executive rooms are more acceptable. We have stayed here three times, each time in an executive room, but have looked into the standard rooms from the corridor, and they definitely aren't as nice.The location is in Orchard Street, less than a block north of Oxford Street. It is adjacent to the northwest corner of the large Selfridge department store; although there is no public connection directly into the store from the hotel, it is a very short walk from the hotel, along Orchard Street, and into the food court entrance of Selfridge's. This is an advantage, as it is easy to pick up food items to bring back to the room, or to have breakfast/lunch in the store's cafe at reasonable prices.Even the executive rooms are small (see photo). We found the cleaning and maintenance standard of those rooms to be just average. To our knowledge, none of the rooms were centrally air-conditioned as of November, 2005. In our stays, there has either been a fan or a portable unit available.The buffet breakfast is served in the dining room up the stairs from the lobby. It was a typical British breakfast, of unremarkable quality. There are a number of restaurants to the northeast of the hotel, and it is a short walk into Mayfair, with its finer dining. My wife and I come to London 2-3 times each year for holiday, mostly for shopping and theatre, so we sometimes walk a few blocks over to Duke Street, south of Oxford, which has several chain restaurants, including Bella Italia, Garfunkel's, Spaghetti House, and Pizza Hut. Not gourmet, but great for a quick meal when you're tired from a long flight.The nearest tube is Bond Street, about a 7-minute walk from the hotel. Oxford Street has all the biggest department stores (our favorite is Selfridge, but also go to M&amp;S, Debenham's, and John Lewis), and many of the High Street chains. Other good shopping areas are Regent Street (with Liberty and Hamley's toy store), Bond Street, and Piccadilly (Fortnum and Mason), all within 15-minute walking distance. Tottenham Court Road (electronics), Charing Cross Road (books), Covent Garden and Knightsbridge (Harrod's) all require a short tube or bus ride.To get to the theatre district or Soho, just take the Central Line tube a couple stops from Bond Street to the Tottenham Court Road station, and head south on Charing Cross Road. The hotel is just a short cab ride from the Heathrow Express at Paddington Station.If you are staying over a Saturday night, on Sunday morning from about 10-12, take the 10-minute walk over to Speakers' Corner, in Hyde park at the intersection of Oxford Street and Park Lane. As many times as we've been to London, we still find the speakers entertaining and a reminder of the freedom of speech.Overall, this is a good hotel if you are interested in Oxford Street shopping and can get an executive room at a discounted rate. If you stay in a standard room, you will probably be disappointed.	
Dec 3 2006 	Very poor quality	The only thing this hotel has going for it is location. In my room the plug in the sink was broken, the shower didn't work, nor did the TV remote control or one of the sockets. There was a huge crack in the door, and the bed was the most uncomfortable I have ever slept in. I would most definitely never stay there again.	
Nov 22 2006 	Depends on Expectations	I was in London on early November in business and am rating the hotel as I am because I really think it all depends on what you are expecting.Do not expect a glamorous hotel, like the entrance outside suggests and like it surely was a couple of decades ago. If you do, you will really be disapointed. It is true that the lobby, rooms and bathrooms all are in need of major renovation (for instance, the shower is fixed at about 170cm, so you have to bend over in order to wash your hair). The other real problem is the breakfast room, definitely not capable of attending everyone, it should be at least twice as big and have twice as people working there.But if you are lookning for a hotel with an excellent location (and Selfridge's is no less than excellent) at a good price for London (I paide around EUR 150 per night, including breakfast, in peak season because of WTM trade fair), this can be an option.Rooms are old as I said, but appear clean and beds are confortable. A minibar could be usefull, but they leave you free tea and coffee along with cookies each day. Breakfast itself is ok but not excellent. The service is adequate to the hotel. And again teh location, 1 minute from Oxfor Street, it makes it worth it.	
Oct 30 2006 	Really enjoyed my stay and was very comfortable.	I wanted an affordable hotel close to Mayfair for a business event and booked this one as it fit the bill cost wise, the location was good and it was a four star Thistle so I thought it would be at least okay. Then I saw some of the reviews on this site and was more than concerned. However I needn't have been, everything was fine.The entrance was smart, reception staff efficient, upgrading me to a twin as they didn't have a no smoking single left. Breakfast was good, concierge pleasant and helpful. My room was large for a London hotel, perfectly clean, comfortable and quiet. Bathroom was excellent, shower and bath, good range of toiletries and everything working and clean. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. So handy for the shops, tube, restaurants, sights and travelling.	
Oct 26 2006	all the bad reviews are true	all the negative reviews about this hotel are 100% true - the only thing that keeps people booking it is the location which is ideal. Everything else about this hotel is a complete disaster - it is a lot closer to a 2 star than a 4 star, in need of major renovation as the entire place is falling apart. It is a shame that people are still paying a lot of money to stay there - otherwise, the management might take a hint and fix the place up once and for all. If you expect the worst, you won't be disappointed.	
Oct 25 2006	All shabby no chic	The Selfridge is undeniably one of my worst hotel experiences. We booked two rooms via Londontown, and although we paid a discounted rate of £90 per room per night, that was outrageous for small, draughty, chilling rooms with a decor more suitable to a cheap hostel than an establishment claiming to be a 4 star hotel.	
Sep 27 2006 	Absolutely Appalling	Quite simply... do not stay here.I have never been impressed by the Thistle chain, but as this is attached to the upmarket and stylish Selfridges store, I hoped it might be different.It wasn't. I stayed here on business with two colleagues and we were all seriously unimpressed with every aspect of our stay. The rooms were very tatty, with wallpaper peeling off the walls and threadbare carpet. Most uncomfortably, all rooms were incredibly hot. We complained to reception and were offered other rooms with temporary air-con units, but we were warned that these would be very noisy as the pipes from the units had to feed out of the window. One colleague opted for noisy over hot, I went for a fan and some complimentary water and our other colleague checked in too late to be moved. He had to go for a walk around the block at 1am as his rooms was just too hot to sleep in.We arrived late and so (against our better judgement) decided to have a drink and a bite to eat in the hotel. The bar seems to have been refurbed more recently than the rest of the hotel, but there was still brown sludge all over the windows and burn holes in the furniture. The bar is very limited in choice and is as overpriced as the hotel in general. My drink was served complete with a long, curly hair and when I pointed this out to the barman, and he simply smiled and fished it out with his fingers. He looked at me with amazement when I suggested that maybe he'd like to provide me with a fresh drink, without hair.The restaurant looked a little better than the rest of the hotel, but the food was decidedly average and very expensive for what it was. The wine was awful.The staff were rude and unhelpful. When we spoke to them about the fact our rooms were very hot they said 'yes, well we don't advertise that we have aircon'. Come on, this is London... you don't need aircon in July, let alone the end of September!For the amount they charge (the rack rate for a single room is £140 per night!!!!) the standard is way below par.We were due to stay here next week as well, but we've managed to change our booking... I'd strongly suggest you do the same!	
Sep 15 2006 	Pleasantly surprised	I got the room for $95USD a night after booking on Priceline. When I found out where I was staying, I checked online for reviews and got very nervous after reading several on this site and others, but since I had already paid for 7 nights, figured I was stuck. So I was pleasantly surprised when I got to the hotel. Check-in, concierage and room service staff were all very courteous. I was put in a room with two twins instead of one double, but booking on Priceline I never requested one or the other. Room was a bit on the small side, but what room in a European hotel isn't? Room and bathroom were impeccably clean and well-maintained (no mold like other posters claimed - maybe it's been repaired or maybe I got lucky), halls were well maintained and looked updated enough (I was on the third floor) and everything was quiet at night, nice Thistles bathrobes waiting, good enough selection as far as TV channels (basic five UK stations, CNN, a 24hr BBC news and a couple others as well as some pay per view movies). I did have a portable air conditioner which took up space and didn't work so well. It was hot one day and I put it on - the heat exhaust in the back seemed to counteract the cool air in the front - but otherwise there was no need to use it (if you go during the summer I'd be careful and request a room with central air if there are any). Winter all should be fine. Plenty of closet space, safe for your valuables, and excellent location (minutes walk to Bond Street or Marble Arch tube stations, Hyde Park, and plenty of buses running along the main artery of Oxford Street).As I said, I only paid $95 (50 quid or so) using Priceline. Obviously its central location makes it worth more. Had I paid the published rates of &gt;115GBP, I might have not felt so good about the place. But I always feel it's the small minority that have bad experiences who post on these sites. Having had a good experience, I wanted to make that known as well.	
Sep 7 2006 	Not as bad as that	Not at all as bad as some of the reviews make out. Check-in fast and friendly. The corridors were in need of renovation. Room was very small, but clean and furnishings were fine. Bathroom, small but clean, good plumbing, fast hot water, hair dryer. Usual freebies in bathroom.Great location. Only paid £112 for double, breakfast included. A great deal at this price if you want to be in the Oxford, Bond street area.	
Aug 10 2006	Ditto!!!	I must have stayed in exactly the same room as the previous reviewer. I do NOT recommend this hotel - excellent position of course but it is desperate need of a refurbishment! Your pounds will be spent better elsewhere - trust me and the last reviewer!!!	
Jul 29 2006 	Do Not stay here see photos	“We can’t give you a refund madame, you didn’t pay us you paid a travel agent, so we can’t give you a refund, you didn’t pay us.” That’s what the receptionist told the woman in front of me as we queued to check-out of The Selfridge Hotel. I didn’t make out what the woman had complained about, her English wasn’t very good, but I heard the receptionist well enough. It was clear to me that she had had plenty of practice fobbing off unhappy guests. I didn’t bother complaining as I checked out, she and her colleague had been crude and unattentive when we checked-in the previous day.The Selfridge is suppose to be a 4* hotel. It’s just next to Selfridges department store, and by the look of the lobby it does appear to be a 4* hotel. I booked a night for myself and my girlfriend there at Lastminute[--], so I wasn’t expecting a particularly spacious room. However, I did expect the room to be clean and comfortable; it was neither.We arrived on a very hot day (over 30 deg C). The Lobby of the hotel was pleasant and air conditioned, but when we arrived at our room, we discoved two portable fans blowing hot air around the twin beds (I had asked for a double). There was air conditioning controls in the room, and an air vent but it wasn’t working. I tried ringing reception to ask if we could move to a room where the air conditioning wasn’t broken, but no one picked up the phone, so I walked down to reception and they told me that no where does it say that The Selfridges was air conditioned. Bemused, that a hotel could keep it’s 4* rating with portable fans in guests rooms, I went to the top floor and asked a cleaner if they had air condition, “No” was the answer I got, though it seemed like she was saying what she’d been told to say.So, we were destined not to be comfortable. Since the windows could only open but a crack (hey they were designed with air condition in mind), we got very little air flow in our room.The sheets and linen were clean, of course, but the room itself most certainly was not. Here are some photos that I took. Have a look and make-up your own mind whether The Selfridge deserves it 4* rating.	
Jul 15 2006	Tatty rooms	I chose to book the Thistle Selfridge online merely because the deal I got on it was fantastic for the location. Stayed 3 nights considering I had already paid up to the Internet site, else may have decided to switch. The room was small, the carpet odiferous and the toilet a crying shame with no trap even to the sink. Service was good, no issues there, but I would not live in the same hotel again, even if I had an excellent deal on it.	
Jul 14 2006 	Fine location hotel quality depends on room	The Selfridge Thistle is in a fine location -- right off of Oxford Street near Marble Arch. The Selfridge Hotel is a solid 2.5-3 star hotel. Be warned, though, that booking on a discount Internet site (like Hotwire) will result in a completely different experience here. The rooms at a discount rate are TINY -- ours fit a full size bed and not much more. The room was relatively clean; the bathroom was a bit worse. Of course, you get what you pay for, but I always had the distinct feeling of being a second class guest here. For example, during our stay, portable air conditions were installed in all of the deluxe rooms, but not the standard rooms (it was 90 degrees F in London during our stay). The standard room also has no safe, mini-bar, etc. The hotel supposedly offers a data-line connection, but at an extraordinarily high price; phone calls were also quite expensive. There is no Internet connection available en-suite, though the lobby has a computer that offers services (though at a high rate). The staff was generally helpful and kind (with a few exceptions). Expect a good location and a livable room here -- but don't expect the type of room typically advertised at the discounted rate. Being in walking distance from Marble Arch and Hyde Park was wonderful, and Selfridges Food Hall is literally right next door (with Marks and Spencers and its foodhall across Orchard Street).	
Jul 12 2006	Not the best but location was great	Affordable price and great location. Right off of Oxford St. and near all the major department stores including Selfrides &amp; Co and John Lewis. Everything you want to see in London is only a few stops away from the closest tube station (Bond St. Station). The hotel is a bit old and outdated. Only one of the three elevators at the hotel were working when we were there. Air-conditioning in the room was non-exsistence and we had to rely on a fan.	
Jul 12 2006	Don't stay here	My husband and I were looking forward to a nice romantic weekend in London and when deciding where to stay, the Selfridge looked like a really good place, ideally located and although not cheap, also not too expensive. When I telephoned and booked, I asked about parking and was told that although the hotel did not have parking, there was an NCP next to the Marble Arch Thistle at which all Thistle guests got cheaper parking. When we arrived we discovered that this was not the case and had to pay the full price.I had booked a basket of fruit and wine for arrival, however arrived to neither. I had to telephone reception 3 times before it arrived and even then there was no corkscrew. There was also only one bathrobe and despite my extensive requests over the next day, another one never materialised. The room was meant to be an executive deluxe room but was no better and was probably even worse than your standard bed and breakfast. The bed was the most uncomfortable bed I have ever slept in, and was certainly not deluxe. The room was old and tired and not that we were there to watch tv, but the channel selections were poor. We were also told when we booked, and this was backed up by the hotel documentation in the room that there was a fully stocked mini bar. When we arrived it was not stocked and despite requests, we were told that this could not be done. We therefore had to order drinks from room service with a service charge attached, or go to the bar to buy drinks. Again, this was not what we expected.The breakfast in the hotel is definitely not worth hanging around for and would suggest that you give it a miss. Although we arrived in plenty of time before breakfast ended, the pastries and bread were stale and nothing else looked particularly appetising. The staff were also extremely rude. I would also not advise ordering room service. Having arrived back at the hotel after a night at the theatre, we did not expect to wait from 11pm until 1.10am for a very basic snack. Even though we chased the room service people, after 12am they stopped answering the phone and this was unacceptable. When the food did eventually arrive, it was nothing special and my lemon tart was missing.When we finally checked out on the Sunday I was very glad to leave. Although it was not the most expensive hotel I have stayed at, it was certainly far to pricy for the service that was received. However, to give Thistle credit, I did complain about the weekend and they wrote an offered a weekend staying in one of their suites with a complimentary bottle of champagne - not sure whether I'm going to take them up on their offer but goes to show that if somethings not up to scratch its worth commenting on it.	
May 10 2006	Really enjoyed our stay	We found the Thistle to be in a great location for Selfridges and Oxford Street, we were also able to walk to Libertys and on to Soho.Our room was fine, all nice and clean and not dated unlike some previous reports mentioned. Service was good to. The only down side was the overflow restaurant where we had breakfast. Milk was served not in jugs but in old chipped teapots with no lid! Overall we enjoyed our stay and are visiting again soon.	
May 6 2006	Good for Spring	When we arrived, our room was not ready; we were told they needed 20 minutes to prepare the room! But after that glitch, everything else went smoothly. Since it was the first nice week of spring, my friend and I had no complaints about the air conditioning (or lack thereof) in the room. Our request of two twin beds was met; the bathroom had a full bath which was an upgrade from our previous hotel in Edinburgh! We paid $135/night through Expedia, which for the location, was great. It is in Central London, a few blocks away from the Bond Street or Marble Arch tube; getting around was quick and easy. The area, Oxford St, is like 5th Ave in NYC; full of dept stores, very touristy and crowded, but a few blocks away is some peace and quiet and lovely shops. No noise complaints, and we had window facing a street. No iron, but a trouser press, which as an American, I was unfamiliar with. Hairdryer provided, but I thankfully brought my own. TV channels limited, but you're in London, go outside! Concierge was friendly though not as knowledgeable as we would have liked - they had a very difficult time answering our question of where to find a good English breakfast (a local bar recommended Cafe Euro, down the street, fyi). Hyde Park is nearby as well. Though they told us no late check-out, we ended up checking out 45 mins late anyway, and they did not mention it. I'd probably stay again, if I could get a similar good deal.	
Mar 21 2006	Read the reviews here and nearly cancelled the booking	We booked The Selfridge, as a Secret Hotel thru a website that just said &quot;4 * Hotel, London W1&quot;Once we found out what it was we looked here for reviews. We were horrified to see the vast majority were not only negative, but some were absolutely awful. It seemed the Hotel, its employees, and its food were all way below parr for a 4* Hotel.We nealy cancelled our trip.When we got there however, we found the staff to be very helpful and friendly, the main public area of the Hotel very grandiose, and the room, tho a little on the small side, was far larger than had been implied. Granted there were a few tatty elements to the room, a bit of peeling wallpaper if you looked hard enough, chairs a bit worn. But certainly not falling apart at the seams as had been suggested.Then we went for dinner, with the horror stories of greasy, pre-pared and microwaved food, ringing in our ears.We had a beautiful meal, which was mostly freshly prepared, and cooked to perfection.So glad now that we decided to give it a try.Would we stay there again? We like to try different places, but given the right deal, absolutely.	
Mar 8 2006	Pleasant Stay	I stayed at this hotel four nights without any problems. Others might complain about the breakfast, but the place is big and their staff was working extremely hard to service everybody. All staff were helpful, friendly and acommodating. The rooms are a bit small, but lack no ammenities or comfort. Great location, too. I would definitely recommend this hotel and stay there again - most likely longer.	
Mar 4 2006	Will definitely stay there again!	We were booked into the Selfridge by a third party, we were heading to London for a conference and the recommended place of stay was the Selfridge Hotel. We had read many negative reviews about the Selfridge on Tripadvisor and so started looking for alternative accommodation. As we hadn't visited London previously, and after combing through an overload information on other places and not being able to make a decision, we decided to take a chance, stay at the Selfridge and see what happened.Our flight was scheduled to arrive at 5:30am so we booked a room for the previous evening so we could have a room as soon as we arrived in London (could not normally check in until 2pm). We had confirmed that we would not be arriving until the morning after the evening we booked. We confirmed this at least three times. With our 16 month old son (yes - a toddler on a long haul flight and he was amazing!) we arrived at the hotel after a 35 hour door to door trip. We were tired, really, really tired. And we were told that our room booking was cancelled since we hadn't arrived the night before. I started crying, the baby started crying and husband was stunned. They quickly arranged another room for us and I think they sped this up as sobbing Australians in the foyer area was not a good look for the hotel. We got to our room and crashed, slept through until the next day. The bathroom door didn't shut and the king size bed was actually two single beds pushed together, not practical for a distressed toddler who would most likely need to share our bed in a strange city. After explaining our needs the next day, staff at reception performed absolutely outstandingly! They booked us into the best room in the hotel for our entire stay, it was three times as big as the current, and we were more than happy, we were thrilled! Even if we had to stay in the small room, we would have managed had it only been the two of us, sure it was small, but clean and quiet.Overall the staff were so very friendly, quick to our room for any requests, always smiling and polite. Oh, and breakfast was great! The host in the restuarant at breakfast was a lovely fella and we really looked forward to seeing his happy face each morning. He always made us feel at home and that the food spread everywhere afterward by our toddler was no problem whatsoever.And the restaurants behind the hotel - absolutely fantastic: Indian, Thai, French bakery, Italian, English, so, so much! The smoking in restuarants threw us a bit since this is not allowed in Australia.Marks and Spencer across the road and the Selfridges deli next door with amazing food to take back and eat in your room for a quiet night in. Actually, the Selfridges store could have taken the entire week to explore itself. So much to do within Oxford street and pushing a pusher (pram) around the streets no problem, could walk to the palace, wax museum, Hamleys, Picadilly etc most famous landmarks.We are heading back to London hopefully within the year and will stay again at the Selfridge, it really felt like home!	
Feb 26 2006 	Price paid is only for the location.	First the pros. The location is AMAZING. Right off of Oxford Street, 2-3 blocks away from the Bond Street Tube station, amazing restaurants and shopping all within walking distance.However, I would not stay again for the price for the following reasons. First, it is an older hotel, with a lot of the amenities looking older for the wear; worn carpets, very small bathroom with a troublesome flushing toilet, VERY uncomfortable bed!! The channels on the Tele extended to @ 10 Pay Per Views and only a few regular channels, as well. For 115 GBP per night, without breakfast!Additionally, the hotel concierge was not entirely helpful, or knowledgable, or honest(?) I asked about car service pickups from Heathrow to the Hotel and he could only recommend their 50 GBP personal car service and that the shuttle services (@16GBP) was &quot;only for return trips to the airport&quot; -- one phone call to the service by me clarified that!Size of the room was uncomfortable for two persons, about the size of 2 queen beds side to side width, and just a little longer in length.I stayed on business but will not stay again.	
Feb 15 2006	Selfridge was......adequate	After reading reviews on here, I was a little sceptical about going to the Selfridge, but for a 4* hotel for £79 I thought I couldn't go wrong. On arrival we were greeted by the male receptionist who stated &quot;Ah you booked through Lastminute(-)&quot; at reception. This was closely followed by &quot;That means I get to choose if i put you in a double or twin room and I'm struggling for doubles!!&quot; To say we were not impressed is an understatement. Funnily enough, after a little word, we got a double room as we had pre booked, but on the smoking floor. As far as the room went, the room was ok. The shower needed cleaning though, as the head was full of limescale and dirt. The room was small but reasonably clean other than that. Breakfast was adequate, with service as you would expect in a London hotel. I was a little shocked at the restaurant/breakfast supervisor shouting at a member of his staff in front of me and telling her off. Overall for £79 it was ok, but I won't be visiting it again....mainly down to the arrogant receptionist. It's a shame a few staff let the majority down...and the staff letting this hotel down seemed quite senior!	
Feb 7 2006	Good value excellent location	We booked this hotel for a one week stay with American Airlines to include breakfast and 2for1 lunch and dinner. Reception desk very friendly and accomodated early arrival. Decided to upgrade from standard to deluxe room for UKL20 p/nt and well worth it as room slightly larger but better furnished, including minibar/fridge. Bathroom small but with nice amenities (heated towelrack); housekeeping excellent. Try to avoid street side rooms as very noisy and....NO AIRCONDITIONING in entire hotel so one has to open windows for fresh air, even in January! Included breakfast very good but due to one of two restaurants undergoing renovations, breakfast room overcrowded and wait for table anytime after 8A weekday and 9A weekend.The 2for1 meal deal was completely unknown by anyone in hotel; we did not use as restaurant windowless and one has so many choices just outside the hotel (James Street for instance). Hotel needs attention, some paint is peeling but overall good value for money paid based on central London location.	
Jan 30 2006	It's in the stars	The sooner the UK introduces a new star system for categorising hotels (which I believe is imminent) - the better.My understanding is that having reception open for 24hrs is in itself enough to earn you one star; as does having a bar. The stars do not relate to the quality of the furnishings or the standard of service. And this is where the Selfridge falls flat on its face. To me, 4 Stars should smack of high quality, and you have to hand it to the Thistle group, they make the very most of the categorisation - whilst offering very competitive rates. We paid £80 for a double room on a B&amp;B basis, which is great value for London. The problem is, they raise the customer's 'expectation' via the four star status. If I were describing it based on the overall standard of fixtures and fittings, I'd give it 2 stars at most. The general feeling is that the Thistle Group purchase decent hotels but have nothing left in the coffers (or cream it all off as profit) to spend on general repair or maintenance. Presumably business is good enough to allow them to ignore any attempts to attract repeat bookings. The room we were allocated was 211. The bathroom, although clean, was in a very poor state of repair and the shower didn't work at all. The bed was large and comfortable, but the noise from outside kept me awake all night. Breakfast was fine - although I thought it was a bit rich to find a notice in our room asking us to avoid the peak times of 9am -10am - as it was very busy. As a hotel they are required to provide me with bed and breakfast, and immediately I'm being told that I can only have breakfast on their terms ! So much for customer service.Still, location wise, you can't go wrong and the staff were friendly enough.London is a big place with lots of hotels - in general, I'd suggest you give all Thistle hotels a wide bearth !	
Jan 19 2006	Would not stay again	My boyfriend and I spent a couple of days here over new year. Breakfast was a dreadful experience as there did not appear to be enough restaurant staff and we had to wait about half an hour just to be seated at a table which had not been cleaned. The food was constantly running out, and was at varying temperatures. On our first day, I brought these problems to the attention of the manager who said that this happened every weekend and he would try to sort out the problems. The fact that this occured on new years eve and new years day was absolutely unbelievable.No apologies from the hotel management were forthcoming, however we were fortunate that there was at least one member of reception staff who did apologise for the unacceptable service.The rooms are basic but clean and adequate. Based on our experience over these 3 days we would not stay here again...	
Jan 18 2006 	Good Business stopover	Check-in was speedy and courteous. Single room booked but when I asked for non-smoking there were none available. Was immediately upgraded to a twin room. It was very clean, though bathroom looked in need of an upgrade - and while shower was powerful, the showerhead had seen better days and was starting to fall apart. Not a fan of buffet breakfasts but food was fine with good quality sausages. Service in the dining room was a bit haphazard and I am still waiting for my toast. Excellent location and good restaurants nearby, e.g. the cheap and cheerful Wagamama which is just round the corner. Overall I found this hotel was perfectly suitable for short stopover.	
Dec 21 2005	Good for shopping	Check in was fine for me but another lady reported &quot;a man&quot; already in the room and there were red faces at the check in desk!Our room was OK, compact and a little worn but satisfactory.Breakfast is fantasticand as much as you like, no greasy spoon here.If you are thinking of the DB&amp;B don't. The evening meal (booked through lastminute) was truely awful. A buffet style carvery left on hot plates from 19:30, we ate at 20:30. It was a wasted evening in London. Good service though. Most of the food was thrown away as there was only 3 other in the resteraunt while we were there. If you want quantity not atmosphere or quality, then this could be what your after!From the main exit, turn left and walk 100 yards and your on Oxford Street so great for shopping.We would stay here again, but never eat in the evening.	
Dec 20 2005	Loved the Selfridge: Will stay again!!!	When I read several of the reviews I wanted to cancell my reservation...I am so glad that I didn't!First, and foremost, the location is SUPER FANTASTIC for everything, including, shopping, theatres, etc.The rooms are compact and small, but no different than any other European hotel.If you are from America you might be traumatized by the size of the room, but smallness can be charming. Think...cruise ship, and you will not be disappointed.In fact, I met some people on one of the London tours who were staying at a five star hotel, and they thought their room was small too! Needless to say, the location of their hotel was also far away from all the London sights. Certainly not in walking distance like the Selfridge. If you stay at the Selfridge you can literally get out of bed and walk around the corner to the most fantastic Department and food stores in London. The food at the Selfridge was great, including breakfast, and dinners. But this is a personal &quot;tasters choice'. I happen to like plain food. But I must say the breakfast menu was extensive, including bagels! Yes, there was a small line at times, but for an extra three pounds, you can always have breakfast delivered to your room. There is always a way around problems.The most important thing to me when I travel is location, and value for my dollar. The Selfridge Hotel delivered on both!Here are some tips on the hotel.The rooms are small, and you should upgrade to business class. As with any standard room, in any country, let's just say the rooms are not always that great.The location is fantastic. Trust me. When you can't get a taxi or bus back from the theatre, you will be very happy the hotel is within walking distance, albeit a little far, but managable, even if you are out of shape.My room had a mini refrigerator, but you must remember, in Europe, a refridgerator is considered a cooler, not like in America where you can set it to zero. The television worked fine, but keep in mind, there are very few channels to watch. My room had an electric towel heater in the bathroom.An electric tea and coffee pot was also in the room, filled daily with Walkers cookies.The room was super clean, and I could swear the sheets were changed daily. All in all, I had a fantastic seven day stay at the hotel, and would absolutely stay at this hotel again!	
Dec 18 2005	Rundown run of the mill city centre hotel	Stayed for a single night on the 9th of December and was given room 303. Once I had checked in, which took 15 minutes because the receptionists could not find my booking, I was given the smallest room I have ever seen. I would not have minded the small room if it were comfortable. But the fact that the hotel does not have air conditioning and the thermostat was set to &quot;meltdown&quot; meant a bad nights sleep... and yes it was the last room they had. Add to that a cheap uncomfortable bed, the dust on the ceiling, the strobing bathroom light, the locked minibar, the peeling wallpaper inside and outside the room, it is pretty grim.Generally it is one of the most rundown hotels I have seen, masquerading as a &quot;quality hotel&quot;. If you do stay at this hotel let me know if the air conditioning unit above reception has been cleaned. When I checked out I told the receptionist that I was not impressed with the hotel, they looked surprised until I pointed to the AC unit above their head that was black with dirt. It made my point beautifully!Find a quiet outer London hotel and travel in on the underground. It will be quieter, cheaper and better quality.	
Nov 30 2005	Location Location Location	My wife and I stayed at The Selfridge on November 24 - 28 (4 nights). Our experiences were not much different than others have reported.The hotel was a quick ride from Paddington Station. Check-in was smooth and efficient. The desk clerk had a great sense of humor and actually smiled when joked with. We were assigned a room on one of the &quot;Business Floors.&quot; The front lobby of the hotel is small with only two pairs of chairs. It's not a good lobby to use as a meeting point.The hotel's elevators seem to be possessed by a playful spirit of some kind. The doors close quickly, the doors open before the vertical movement has stopped and they seem to sometimes head in a direction other than indicated.We noticed that the 1st floor carpet and furniture in the lounge was somewhat worn. The bar (Stoves) was utterly charmless with only Boddingtons and Stella Artois on tap. Happily, the appetizers we ordered (Garlic Bread with Cheese and Onion Rings) were fine although not gourmet. The restaurant looked awful and the menu was filled with items that seemed more adventurous than the setting dictated. The tea in the lounge seemed really popular and the lounge also did a brisk business in coffee in the evening.Our room was small. We have come to expect this in London hotels. We had a room facing the inner courtyard, so there was no street noise. We had a non-smoking room but the smell of smoke would often come through the ventilation system. Our room had a completely redone bathroom, which was done to a fairly high standard compared to others I have been in. All black and white tiles. There was little counter space but the quality of light was excellent. We particularly liked the large and plentiful towels. This was a welcome change from some other hotels. The room's closet was less satisfactory. The closet had fixed hangers and these were a bit worn-out, so the heavy coats kept pulling the hangers off the bar. The double bed was comfortable and the linens seemed fresh and new. The pillows were a bit flat but were feather pillows.The room was provided with a safe, coffee/tea tray and kettle, and a small refrigerator (formerly a mini-bar). There were hairdryers in both the bathroom and the dresser. Drawers were in short supply. The TV worked fine but had very few additional channels (5 broadcast stations, 4 pay-movie channels, Bloomberg, News, and some radio stations).The housekeeping staff was good at making the room up IF you remembered to put out the &quot;Service Room&quot; sign.The breakfast room was very crowded and they were not very attentive about coffee/tea/toast or about refilling items on the buffet. On the plus side, there were both scrambled and fried eggs, bacon and sausage, grilled tomatoes and mushrooms, yogurt, cereal, fruit, multiple juices, ham and cheese, and a few other items. It was a robust and filling breakfast.The best thing about the Selfridge is the location. The bus lines are all right there for getting to wherever you want to go. The underground is a few blocks away. Cabs are plentiful. Good restaurants are just around the corner. We selected this hotel for the location and were not disappointed. We were particularly pleased with the 12 noon check-out time, which allowed us to do some shopping and return to the room on the morning of our departure.We would definitely stay at the Selfridge again.	
Nov 27 2005 	Tiny Rooms Patchy Service	Like previous reviewer, I had to stay at the Selfridge because my usual London hotel was full up due to a trade fair. The alternative was another Thistle in Kensington but the reviews were even worse so it was with some trepidation that I agreed to the Selfridge. In fairness, I didn't find the experience that bad. The Doorman was always there to open the door, the check in was efficient and friendly and the room comfortable but tiny and this was an upgrade.The only time I ate there was the breakfast which I found average but the service was a bit sketchy. I stayed for three nights and one morning I didn't get the coffee I ordered, another time the toast never turned up and a couple sitting on the next table had similar experiences.The bar is completely soul-less, I only went there once but there are plenty of stylish uber-trendy bars in the vicinity as well as a few traditional pubs. It is ideally situated just off Oxford Street and tries to be up market but it just doesn't make it.As my company got a good deal, I couldn't complain and would stay there again if I had to.	
Nov 16 2005	OK Room Terrible Everything else	I booked this Hotel through lastminute (one of only a few Hotels with rooms in London on this particular night due to a Travel Trade Fair in London) and can understand why it hadn’t sold all its rooms! From the moment I arrived at the Hotel the problems started. Two receptionists were on duty and both ignored me, then one looked up and asked the other to help me - the other said she would be a few minutes as she needed to finish something. When she eventually served me she said that although I had booked a double non-smoking she didn’t have any but could give me a smoking room - eventually I got a twin non-smoking. The check in procedure took much longer than necessary as she kept wondering off to do other things and then forgot she had asked me for my credit card.....The room itself was small but okay with dated but adequate decor and it was clean. Bathroom was tiny but clean. I then had to leave the Hotel to go out and asked the concierge to get a taxi for me - he disappeared and never came back so I found one myself. On my return to the Hotel I ordered room services which was fine and came within half an hour. The bed was one of the most uncomfortable I have slept in and I had one of the worst nights sleep ever in a Hotel. Someone, at 2am in the morning, was ringing the doorbells on my floor on and off for about 10 minutes. I then heard security come up onto the floor and the ringing stopped but this together with an uncomfortably hot room made for a terrible nights sleep. (There is aircon but the control was broken). The last straw was when my room service breakfast didn’t arrive! I checked out and came to work for breakfast! (Oh, yes, and when checking out I mentioned the doorbell ringing and got a blank stare!) Do not stay in this Hotel - for £160 a night it was rip-off!	
Nov 11 2005	Can't cook won't cook	The service and the food in the restaurant was awful. Waited 15 minutes for a menu; the menu could be seen in any bog standard pub; the wine turned up with the starter and was in two half bottles because they didn't have a full one; the starter I had was soup which obviously came out of a can; my partner's coulis with her starter came out of a jar, or should I say, RAN out of a jar; the main course turned up an hour and a half after ordering; the main course turned up floating in a sea of grease (even the sauteed potatoes were deep fried); the manager, after I had complained, proceeded to offer us another meal off of another menu. I would not have served food like this to anyone.Needless to say we left to get a meal at another restaurant before they all closed for the night.I could have rated this review &quot;Okay, but some problems&quot; as the room was fine but the diners were treated appallingly. Please only use this hotel if you want a bed for the night in the west end.	
Nov 10 2005	Much better than expected	I too read the reviews on here AFTER booking with lastminute(-) (£160 b&amp;b - 2 nights). I was all for cancelling immediately but my fiance persuaded me to give it a go. The coach to Victoria went straight past the hotel so we got off at Marble Arch, just around the corner. We were 10 mins early for check-in and other guests were being told their room wasn't ready - we checked in and were immediately given a single room - not what we'd requested! I'd already confirmed a double room beforehand so after a quick check the receptionist gave us a key card (no wait for us!) to a room on the business floor. The room itself wasn't huge but it was comfortable and clean. The bathroom was spotless - not a mould mark or broken plug in site (as per some photos on here). Breakfast was very enjoyable and we didn't have to queue as we went in before 9am - so if you don't want to queue - get up earlier!!!The only complaint I did have was that the air conditioning was constantly on and the noise woke us up during the night but it didn't stop us from going back to sleep. Ironically 5 minutes before checkout we found the off switch - doh!Anyhow, I'm glad we went to the Selfridge and we thorougly enjoyed our weekend away - and if you want to see a good show I can definitely recommend 'We Will Rock You'.	
Nov 9 2005	Shame 2	This was a birthday treat to come to London for the weekend. We chose this hotel as it was in the heart of shopping area and generally well situated for other places we wished to visit.Booking in was not an issue, however we had booked a double only to be told we could only have a twin room. we were also told that car parking would be an extra £35.00!!! Luckily the concierge was able to guide us to free car-parking areas. great tip so he got one too! The remote didnt work! to the TV The bar only stock one type of white wine.. WHY? and not a very nice one at that. perhaps that is why it was not expensive.although an interesting bar, it could do with a good clean, a coat of paint and a good general maintenance schedule, and more motivated bar staff!Do they have a maintenance schedule for any of the hotel...the AC needs sorting out, how noisy was it! Very! Food, breakfast how disorganised is this restaurant.. i know it is difficult to fed the five thousand but if one dish was empty and filled then another was instantly emptied and not filled.. and they need to find another supplier for the food, dreadful quality. Over all the only thing going for this hotel was the location, perhaps that is why they cant be bothered with actually making it a quality hotel all round!	
Nov 8 2005	No problems great location - but depends how much you pay	Having read some of the awful reviews, was a bit sceptical before arriving. I stayed for two nights with my girlfriend and was pleasntly suprised. The reception area catches the eye immediately - very posh and the location is perfect. The room was not huge but acceptable and well presented with a nice view into the bustling london streets if you like that sort of thing. It is obvious the hotel needs some mantienence but it is only little things and nothing that should ruin your stay! we paid £120 for two nights for a above average hotel just off Oxford St - very hard to match this and breakfast is amazing!!	
Nov 7 2005	SHAME	Booking in went smoothly and we were told that they would upgrade us from standard to De Luxe, which we were very pleased about as we would hate to have seen what standard was like!! I rang to let the Conceierge know that the remote for our TV did not work, didn't particularly want to watch anything, which was just as well as it was never replaced. At 05.33 the next morning we got a wake-up call we didn't order, I mean, who would want to get up at 5.30 on a Sunday? As it turned out every guest in the hotel got one; &quot;computer glitch&quot; apparently, which made me feel better - up until the moment they told me that I had taken the wake-up and the inability to get back to sleep again very personally.	
Nov 7 2005	disgusting food	I booked this as a birthday treat for my boyfriend. We were told on check in that they only had smoking rooms left but if it was any consolation it would be an executive room. It was like a box and so hot we had to keep a fan on at all times. We hoped the meal would make up for this, sadly it did not. We were served frozen deep fried food which was greasy, we sent it back and ordered another meal which we also had to send back. 3 other couples nearby had to do the same so none of us had anything to eat. They obviously do not have a proper chef and admitted that the food was brought in and that they had had a lot of complaints. Then to top it all we had a 5.30am alarm call which we did not ask for. The whole experience was awful and we could not wait to get home.	
Oct 30 2005	Great hotel Great surprise!	My boyfriend surprised me with a night in the selfridge for my birthday and it was excellent. Great value for money and excellent location for a shopaholic. The rooms were lovely and breakfast was brilliant especially as we got taken to the slightly better breakfast room with its delightful interior and tasty food. I enjoyed my short stay a great deal.	
Oct 22 2005	Great value facilities and location	Booked the Selfridge through Lastminute for £65 DBB.I often stay in London and this is this best deal so far.Excellent value. Good room with usual stuff and great locationRecomended to anyone for this price	
Oct 13 2005	Just off Oxford Street and right where you need to be...	I had read some damning reviews of this fine hotel prior to my visit during the early weeks of October 2005 - and approached with some trepidation and caution.I needn't have worried!This is a lovely four star hotel right in the heart of London, just off the world famous shopping mecca that is Oxford Street and backed onto the equally famous Selfridges department store.The check in was quick, simple and conducted with great charm and decency by very helpful staff.My room, a single, was on the 'business floor' - the fifth of seven - and it had everything a business or leisure traveller could wish for.The bed was comfortable, the room was clean (and quiet at night) and the bathroom was roomy and very accomodating for all a travellers needs.Then there's the breakfast.A sumptuous buffet where you can help yourself to all the bacon, sausages, eggs (fried or scrambled), fruit juice and accompanying sundries you want or need to start your day in one of the world's most wonderful capital cities.Give this hotel a try and I'm sure you'll appreciate it.I most certainly did.	
Oct 12 2005	Musty smell	My partner suprised me with a trip to Oxford Street shopping for the weekend and as with other reviews he presumed that because this is a 4* hotel it would be acceptable.How wrong could he be! When we arrived there was a couple complaining because they had booked into a non smoking room and had been given smoking, they were told that when you make an internet booking with an outside agency this cannot be garaunteed. When we booked into our own room it had a musty smell to it and although appeared clean the smell was worrying (where was it coming from!). The breakfast was O.K but no better than you would get in a supermarket cafe. The decor is shabby and the place looks and smells like it needs a good spring clean.The location was very convenient and the staff friendly but i feel that a hotel of this status should be doing more than relying on its location to attract guests. We would not stay there again!!	
Oct 9 2005	Nice hotel No problems	We too were a bit worried after reading some of the reviews but we stayed here at the end of september and had no problems. Our room was lovely. It was decorated well and had all the facilities you need- tv, hairdryer, tea tray, trouser press etc. Its in a great location and we too booked during a deal so feel we did very well! The only let down I would say is the restaurant where you have breakfast-it felt a bit like a canteen but the food was nice and we'd definately go back	
Oct 8 2005	Tatty and dated but OK for one night	I came home from work at lunchtime on Friday and my husband had surprised me with tickets for a show in London with an overnight stay (aah how lovely!) He got the room at the Selfridge for £69 for a double room including full English breakfast through Last Minute. The location of the Selfridge is great being just off Oxford Street, but the hotel itself, as has been mentioned before, is a bit dated and tatty. The room was relatively small and looked over an inner courtyard rather than Oxford Street but having overheard a conversation in the lift learned that the rooms overlooking Oxford Street were very noisy (sirens all night) and they were planning on buying some ear plugs for the rest of their stay. On arrival we were checked into a room that was still occupied - luckily only by their things and not by the people themselves when we barged in! The 4* rating is not really deserved as there are very few 4* facilities. The bar and lounge were a bit dated and tatty. Breakfast was OK but we have experienced much better. All in all it was perfectly adequate for a one nighter in London but not worth its 4* rating.	
Oct 2 2005	Was i lucky?	I was extremely reluctant to book this hotel after reading some of the comments left by others, but decided to go ahead and book it as the hotel is in such a good location and i got a good price. I dont know if i was just one of the lucky ones, or that i'd just prepared myself for the worst, but i had no problems at all, i had a great room, not massive, but clean and comfortable. Breakfast was fine, and the staff that i met were all courteous and helpful. I would definately book this hotel again.	
Sep 20 2005	A bit to traditional for me	I normally pick a more modern looking hotel, But saw the Selfridges name and thought why not. Well the location is supurb. The hotel could not be more central. The staff on reception were very helpfull and made booking in a very fast process. Got to the room and it was very small but was clean. The bed was comfortable and there were 4 pillows on a double bed a welcome change from the normal 2. The view was a bit disapointing being onto a central courtyard, But It is Central London thats to be expected.The bathroom was also very small but done to a hight standard. The batchroom was also very clean. the complimentry toiletries were a little disapointing for a 4* Breakfast was included and this was an interesting experience. there was a resonable queue waiting to be seated. This queue blocked the single door that was used as an entrance to the restaurant and an exit. Surely this could be done better. had the buffet breakfast that was okay but fairly limited compaired to most 4* european hotels. And the glasses for the juice were hot straight out of the dishwasher. As I said it was an okay breakfast but I have seen it done so much better. There did seem to be a lot of staff around during breakfast but not much organisation.Anyway would I go again. Well if I was told something had been organised and they had booked me in I would be fine with it. if I was organising and doing the bookings I think I would look elsewhere.	
Sep 17 2005 	4 star joke!	this place is a total dump. how it can claim 4 stars is beyond me. i am a business traveller and this place had no air con and unbelieveably no internet ???the hotel smells - the rooms are soooo dated they are depressing. carpets are so old they may well be clean but certainly dont look it.i wouldnt mind if it was a bargain but at 150 gbp they could justifiably be accused of fraud!dont go near this place - the mandville is just aroun d the corner and infinitely better (and cheaper).	
Sep 12 2005	Fawlty Towers	Stayed at this hotel for 1 night and this is quite enough. Took ages to check in then got twin rooms even though we had booked doubles, couldnt get through to reception and had to get the manager (she was very pleasant)and we left it with her to transfer our luggage etc to a new room.Later arrived back and tried to order coffee in the bar and was told they dont serve it! After 2 trips to reception and speaking with the manager we got the coffee in a teapot with no lid, very classy!When we got to our new double room I checked around and was horrified when I opened a door to next doors room! proably not as horrified as the two men lying on the bed in there though!!! we were not told we were in an ajoining room. The manager then came to the room and I assume got the linking door closed (there is no lock! just handles on one side).They then decided to give us a call on 1.20am to tell us they would discount the room!Also be aware the car park is not linked to the hotel so doesn't open till 11 am on Sunday and you cant get your car out until then.It's cheap and central but not a 4 star hotel!!!	
Sep 9 2005	We had a great stay at the Selfridge	We booked via lastminute and had a fantastic rate £60 inc breakfast but we nearly cancelled when we read other reviews on trip advisor I'm glad we didn't as we had a great time.Our room overlooked the courtyard and was very quiet even though we had the window open all night due to the unusually hot September night.The hotel is right next to Selfridges so the location couldn't be better. We had breakfast in the Orchard Terrace and it was fine, it was 8.00 on a Monday morning but we had no problem getting a table.Some of the furntiute in our room had seen better days as it was very scratched but it was very clean. The bed was comfortable and very clean and the staff were excellent. The guy who checked us in found us a room straight away ( even though we were 2 hours too early ) and the chambermaid came to our rescue when we couldn't figure the lights out. All the staff we met in corridors etc made a point of saying hello.We were very pleased with our stay and will go back	
Sep 2 2005	Trying to be something it is not. A 2 star hotel at most.	I booked this hotel through lastminute. I paid £60 for 1 night in a double room.This is NOT a 4 star hotel by any stretch of the imagination and that is why there are so many negative reviews of this hotel - it is trying to be something that it is not.This hotel is a 2 star hotel at most. It is a bit tatty inside but it is clean enough and is certainly in an excellent location. This is how it should be advertised. People feel conned when they are told it is a 4 star hotel. I only pais £60 for the room and would have been happy if I hadn't been expecting more.The room itself was of a good size for central London. BUTThere was no Air ConditioningThere was no FridgeThere was no Mini BarThere were no pensThere wasn't a binThe whole room was really tatty. Please look at my photos to get an idea.The chair was chipped and damaged. The bathroom was badly fitted and old. The fitting were really cheap and plastic. The bathplug even came off when I pulled it gently!! There tiles in the shower needed re-grouting. None of the staff seemed to care about anything, and the lift always stopped on level 1.Not a fun experience really - it promises so much more than it can give. BE HONEST THISTLE HOTELS - Get rid of the doorman in the top hat, put the prices down and call yourself a 2 star hotel.	
Aug 31 2005	A real Class A Hotel	I had a great experience, I stayed 7 nights in mid-August in a twin executive room for 55GBP + tax per night, this included a great full breakfast every morning. Staff was knowledgeable and friendly. The hotel itself was very clean and well maintained. The room was spotless and had excellent toiletries and amenities - including an electric kettle, china tea pot, cups and saucers, tea and biscuits for a tea time at your convenience.	
Aug 15 2005	Good Value for London right in the shopping district	I was really happy about this Hotel not sure what to think of it at first reading some negative comments on it. For the price of 60 £ or 88 € ( single room ) including all taxes via londontown it was a great value for the high season of August. Staff was friendly, room was fine and very clean plus even came with breakfast included.for the location well if you like shopping you're right in the middle of it and the nightlife is about 10-15 mins walk by foot down Oxford street. The subway is 2 blocks away and will take you anywhere you need.Only downside is the cleaning lady seemed to be attempting to wake me up around 9 am for some reason. Not exactly what you want to hear when you go to bed around 5 am after a night out. Forgot to put the don't disturb sign on the door so I guess it was partly due to my fault.Vincent	
Jul 28 2005	I found the perfect hotel in London	This hotel is perfectly located in the heart of London, off Oxford Street and walking distance to Hyde Park, Oxford Circus, Picadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square and most major sites. Although it is in middle of everything it is located on side street which allows for peaceful quiet nights. The best Indian restaurant in London is seconds away and for coffee lovers, Starbucks is right there along with a restaurant row, Oxford Street shopping and easy access to the underground and buses.The room was clean, decorated in red, the bathroom was small but not a problem. My room did not have AC, but AC is seldom needed in London. Even so, it was a hot day in London when I was there but I opened the window and used a fan and it was still quite pleasant. The staff was pleasant and helpful in arranging taxis and all that I needed. there is internet access in the lobby at a reasonable rate.I forgot a ring in my room when I left the hotel-an antigue venetian glass and gold ring I purchased while in London still in its box-it was relatively expensive. I called the hotel a day later from Italy and they had it in the Housekeeping Department waiting to be claimed!! They arranged to ship it to the USA for me and by the time I returned from my European trip a week later, it was delivered to my door! I was impressed with the integrity of the cleaning staff and the professionalism of the other hotel administrative staff.From now on, when in London, I will only be staying at this hotel!! Great location, quiet side street seconds away from the Oxford Street action, clean comfortable room and wonderful staff!	
Jul 25 2005 	dated	This hotel was a disappointment is old and dated and in a bad need of a refurbishment. Is a shame because if you want to be centrally based then is in great location. So my advice would be that if you are looking for somewhere just to drop your bags off and go exploring then this hotel isnt too bad although be warned your air con consists of an argos fan so if you know the weather is going to be hot look elsewhere as the rooms are small and get very hot.Dont order room service either unless you like being robbed	
Jul 8 2005	DATED AND SHABBY!	Stayed at the Selfridge between 17 and 19th of June 2005. The room was very small and extremely hot and as it was the warmest weekend so far we were very uncomfortable. The air conditioning did not work so we were given a fan which kept us awake most of the night. The bedside lights did not work and the bathroom was tiny, you could just manage to use the toilet as it was so far up against the wall. We did ask to change rooms but would have had to pay an extra £20.00 per person per night for a nearly identical room. The breakfast was ok but we were sat near the windows and the dirt on the window sills and in the corners was very off putting.The bar is like something out of Bonanza! The barman, Sami, was very nice and even tried to cool us down with an old fan - but that wouldn't work! The lounge area was quite nice but on the whole the hotel is very shabby and in need of a complete overhaul.The location is excellent for shopping and restaurants - we highly recommend Carluccio's just a few minutes away. I would probably use the hotel again if I was going on a shopping trip but certainly not for a romantic weekend or anything that involved spending more time than necessary in the poky over heated rooms.	
Jun 26 2005	Wrongly rated Never 4 star!	Avoid this hotel at all costs. The rooms are unbearably hot. The air conditioning is broken. It was disconnected to the rooms 2 years ago the duty manager informed me. It will not be repaired. The room was impossible to sleep in due to the heat and when you complain the management do not want to know. There are complaints made by the guests on a daily basis the duty manager admits, however Thistle hotels will take no action. This hotel is no where near 4 star it should be regraded. If anyone of authority reads this please note. The 4 star rating must have been attained when the Hotel had a functioning air conditioning system.	
Jun 20 2005 	We found your great grandmas old curtians...	I booked this hotel because is was in a great location and because it was a 4-star hotel, maybe in the 50's but not now. The hotel is in a GREAT location and that is the only thing it has going for it. The smell was terrible and I can't describe the smell, my boss was in the room next door to me and hers smelled way worse than mine. My issues with the room were that you could feel the springs in the bed when you laid down. There was hair on the blanket on the bed (and it wasnt my hair). The sheet were not changed everyday and you could tell that all the bed linens were very old.My problem was in the shower when I turned it on hair came up and the tub filled with water and when I called and reported the problem they acted like I was crazy. We were waiting to speak to the Concierge about the problem but he was busy calling Harrod's for the hours on Sunday... I have only been to London 3 times and even I know that Harrod's is closed on Sunday. I dont know about you but I dont want that guy directing me about town...Good Luck finding your room... dont follow the numbers on the signs b/c they are ALLL wrong.	
Jun 15 2005	Not what it is rated to be	I booked this hotel because I was fooled by its four star rating and the pictures that it had in the various websites. The reality however is that it is a pretty run down hotel. The wallpaper is peeling, the furniture is all scratched, and the carpet hasn't been steamed in years. The air conditioning in our room did not work. Thank God it was cool during the days we were there otherwise we would have to contend ourselves with a table fan. The staff could also use some lessons in the art of smiling but in fairness, they were not rude at all. I guess that is what they call formal?What makes this hotel tolerable? The bathroom was very clean and all the fixtures worked. And then of course, there is the great location. It is right in the middle of the Oxford St. shopping district, a short walk to the tube, and lots of places to eat nearby. Will I stay here again? Probably not.	
May 31 2005	Totally Disgusted	I stayed in this hotel for 1 night, which was 1 night too long!We stayed in the pokiest room which was decorated in bright orange. No air conditioning. The temperature in the room was over 100 degrees. We had to repeatedly call room service for buckets of ice to keep cool.Definately not 4 star or worth £150 per night. I feel that I have been totally ripped off. I wouldn't reccommend it to a dog.	
May 10 2005 	Disappointed with the Selfridge Thistle	Bad room initially - window didn't close so a lot of traffic noise. Reception promised to get someone to fix it - no one materialised after 30 minutes. Could not reach reception by phone to chase them up ! Went down to the lobby and got allocated to a different room. Which was at least quieter but decorated in about 1950.Next morning could not get an ironing and ironing board for 45 minutes and had to wander the corridors searching for a housekeeper as they could not be reached by phone.Sink in bathroom did not empty.	
May 7 2005	Better than expected	We stayed two nights at the Selfridge with their &quot;Spring Special&quot; rate of 85 pounds per night. If I had read the reviews before booking, I probably wouldn't have booked there. But I'm glad I did. It was actually a very quiet, clean, and pleasant room with a large bathroom. No view, just a courtyard, but it was quiet. Much better than another place we stayed for about the same price.	
Apr 25 2005	Selfridge Hotel: clean comfortable has great service	After recently booking a hotel room at the Selfridge Hotel, I stumbled upon some pretty negative reviews of the hotel on Trip Advisors. But, based on a friend's recommendation and my general knowledge of the hotels in the Thistle chain, I kept my reservation. Now, after having stayed at the Selfridge this month and having a great experience, I thought I'd share my feedback. We booked our room through Londontown and got a rate of 80 pounds per night for an executive twin room. We found the staff at the front desk helpful, professional, and very accommodating when we checked in and when we checked out. We had no problems with getting the rate we were quoted, which was a problem reported in some of the reviews on Trip Advisor. We had our Londontown confirmation with us, which we shared and were charged the rate we were quoted. The concierge was great, as well. He recommended a wonderful Indian restaurant a few blocks away, Porte des Indes, and he even sent some band aids/plasters up to our room when our blisters from walking and shopping got the best of us!Our room was on the 5th floor, one of three &quot;business&quot; floors and while it was small (typical in my experience after four trips to London), it was clean, comfortable, and very quiet. The pub and lounge areas of the hotel also were comfortable, clean, and the staff was very friendly.Overall, we had a great stay. The hotel is in a perfect central location for shopping, theaters, sightseeing, and great dining.	
Apr 11 2005	Comfortable Affordable Location	CLEAN, Comfortable, and GREAT LOCATION. Can you ask for anything more in a travel hotel? Yes, rooms were small but spotless bathrooms and nice comfortable beds. Staff was very pleasant, and very helpful. Hotel is near the food courts -- Selfridges and Marks and Spencers. Behind the hotel is a street with lots of restaurants -- indian, italian, asian, pubs, french, etc. Buses to every key location in the city are outside the door. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone and will definitely stay there again. I don't know why other reviewers gave it such a bad rating -- it's a cute and comfortable hotel.	
Mar 2 2005	Decent value for central London location	Like the previous reviewer, I was a little concerned about prior reviews but I wanted to try the hotel because it often has very good prices. I had a non-smoking Executive Single on the 4th floor over a weekend. Check-in and check-out went smoothly and reasonably quickly. My room was in decent shape (a bit worn) and of a reasonable size for a single. The bathroom was in good shape with a good shower; the only problem was one of the light fixtures emitted a constant humming noise; I had to keep the bathroom door closed at all times (which was sufficient to block out the noise). The best thing about this hotel is its location; if you want to shop in the West End, it's great. You can shop, return to your hotel to unload packages, and head out for more. It's also conveniently located at the Bond St tube stop. Breakfast (included in the price) was quite disappointing; there was no hot breakfast when I arrived in the breakfast room on Sunday morning at 8 am, and the cold options were limited (except for cereals) and picked over; coffee was almost cold.On balance, for the price (87 pounds, including tax and the so-called breakfast), I'd consider staying here again for a quick shopping trip to London on my own if I can't find a better hotel in the 100-120 pound range.	
Feb 25 2005 	nothing special but not as bad as reviews led me to think	Was staying overnight as attending a conference in the hotel the following day and had decided to stay here to save travel time on the day of the conference.I have to say based on the reviews here I was a little wary but I found the staff ok and whilst my single room was small it was clean tidy and had a reasonable bathroom. Not sure how this would be in the summer though with no air con.Breakfast was a bit chotic until the duty manager took those waiting to another breakfast room where the food was average but hot!.Ok for an overnight stay I guess but not somewhere i would choose if staying on holiday in London.Did obtain a reasonable rate though of £87 including tax and breakfast so stacked up well against premier/Travelinn prices and so I'll give this one an average rating.	
Feb 17 2005	Incompetent Staff	Booked a girly shopping weekend in February which luckily wasn't ruined by the incompetence of the staff! On arriving at the reception at about 2.15pm we were greeted with a pleasant doorman and satisfactory surroundings but as soon as we approached the reception we were fobbed off from the start. First of all the gentleman dealing with us tried to charge us an extra £200.00 on top of what we had originally been quoted, and no apology for his mistake. Then told us our rooms weren't ready so we had the pleasure of sitting around for 20 mins whilst two of the rooms became available, bearing in mind we had reserved three! after over an hour of waiting for the third room to be made ready we called down to reception who said it was finally ready only to find out that when we had made our way downstairs it wasnt ready at all. in the end we just went out in the hope that it would be ready when we returned! After all the inconvenience caused we still didn't receive an apology! Also the air conditioning never worked! i will definitely never be returning to that hotel!	
Jan 30 2005	Thought it would be better!	Decided to take weekend shopping trip and although usually stay at the Raddison is Portman Square thought would try this hotel, will however not be making that mistake again, okay if you want to be in what is possible the smallest and most claustrophobic room I have ever been in, the worst breakfast I have ever eaten, what there was of it! and being woken 4 times during the night with the fire alarm going off and no one having a clue what was going on god knows what would have actually happened if there had been a real fire in the place what a shambles, although we did get an apology in the form of a note stuck in the lift the next morning! Anyway needless to say will be going back to my old haunt the Raddison at least will not feel like may get burnt to a crisp in the night which would be warmer than the breakfast may I add....	
Jan 12 2005	Positive v Several negatives	Having already booked a 3-night weekend break through a local travel agent, a visit to this web-site and its numerous negative reviews filled me with visions of a disappointing New Year experience. I should have paid little notice of the Prophets of Doom!Despite the absence of my lovely wife, who was enjoying a Hen Party in Arran for a few days, a lonely weekend was made bearable in no small part because of the friendliness and competence of the Selfridge Hotel staff.Reception was efficient and queries concerning strange credit card arrangements answered promptly and the Single Executive Room,while hardly spacious, was well-maintained and was more than adequate. Indeed within a few minutes of arriving a chambermaid soon put right a faulty remote control.Breakfast on the three mornings of my stay was well-presented,with a good choice of Continental and Full English options. The tables were clean and more importantly all staff were welcoming and cheerful.Well done and certainly good value for the location. I would not hesitate in booking another stay here nor in recommending the Selfridge to friends or family.	
Jan 2 2005	A Sad 	We stayed at the Selfridge for 5 days in December 04 and were very disappointed. The hotel appeared neglected and the staff were either unhelpful, patronising or outright rude. I imagine the hotel was once impressive but I assume due to a lack of investment in the infrastructure and staff education, the hotel is now a total embarrassment. Here are some of our complaints.Despite arriving on time our room was not ready and so we had to wait for one to be prepared. Two bulbs in the room did not work and were not replaced when asked.The rooms were far too hot; we understand that the air-conditioning has not worked for some time. We found it almost impossible to sleep and when we mentioned this we were advised to open the window. The noise from the traffic in Baker Street makes this impractical.We booked a table in the restaurant on New Years Eve and were told one hour before the sitting that we had been given wrong information regarding the menu and price. (From approx £60 to £120)The room (An executive double on the fourth floor) had peeling wallpaper and holes in the plasterwork. I am amazed that the hotel is classed as a four star. Please read the genuine reviews listed here and avoid this sad hotel.	
Nov 11 2004	Tired Hotel	I stayed at the Thistle for 2 nights - i can imagine it was an impressive hotel 20 years ago but the decor was looking tired, carpets were threadbare in the cornes and even though my room was non smoking the walls &amp; ceiling had a yellowy look about them. The hair dryer looked like something from the 70's and the shower dripped constantly. The bar closed at 11pm and it took us over 30 minutes to locate a night porter &amp; another 15 for him to come back with the drinks. The breakfast was very mediocre. The best thing about the hotel was the location - just off oxfor street so the shopping was excellent.	
Nov 9 2004	Wouldn't even call it a 1 star!	We stayed there in the summer and it was the most poky, horrible hotel I have ever stayed in. The rooms were old, small and a tiny desk fan for airconditioning!!!Breakfast was awful.Extremely overpriced and def not a four star hotel!	
Oct 30 2004	Don't go	The most appaling experience of all time. Pre-visit e-mails ignored, room not ready at 2pm check-in, tried to fob me off at 3:30 with a urine smelling standard room when exec booked - &quot;we won't charge you extra sir&quot;, called it a deluxe room when the person's colleauge said no such room existed, you had to get out of the bed by crawling to the end as there was no room each side, every visit to check in was a 15 minute queue - at one stage it was 30 minutes. Finally checked in at 4.30pm. Lock wouldn't work - took two visits. Dirty smelly room, punctured my foot on a hair clip in the carpet. no wine, flowers, fruit, bath robes included when they were a part of the deal - and not provided when requested. This was an &quot;anniversary visit&quot; Left 06:30 am the following morning and went home having cancelled second night. The one rating is too high. The hotel sign said it all &quot;Selfri&quot; with the rest of the bulbs not replaced. This place is unmanaged and they do not care as they're full with people (like me until now) who do not take advice from these reviews.Do not under any circumstances go here except out of morbid curiosity to see how bad it can get and what a hotel is like when it doesn't have a manager.	
Oct 27 2004	Wonderful Stay	We stayed at the Thistle Selfridge over the weekend, my husband, 8 year old son and myself. The hotel is ideally situated, staff were very friendly and helpful. Particularly when we arrived to check in half an hour earlier than stated. Breakfast was good, we were seated quickly and politely. The only real problems encountered were rude guests who seem to delight in making the lives of the staff a misery. Please and thank you go a long way no matter what nationality.	
Oct 13 2004	try to swing a cat	If you have a cat do not swing it. we had to get out of our house in london because of building work, we wanted reasonably priced accommadation but this was not cheap. The rooms were cold and SO SMALL. the decor sent us crazy.It does have a fantastic central london location, but so oppresive.I really object to thin tablet soap for £150.00 per night. There are no views from the rooms, we would have gone stir crazy if we were ther for more than two days. A last resort!	
Oct 8 2004	A sad sad hotel living on its name only	The impression when you arrive (doormen, frock coats etc) is that you are about to stay somewhere special - until you go up to your room. At the end of endless dark, shabby corridors, your room will be the smallest space you have have slept in - apart from a tent. And they empty the trash cans at 5.30am each morning, so you won't need an alarm call.	
Oct 4 2004	A Lovely Central London Hotel.	We booked to stay at the Thistle Selfridge for a long weekend of sight-seeing. Upon arrival we were impressed with the grandeur of the lobby, complete with concierge in a top hat and tails. Check in was fast, there are three lifts up to the rooms, our room on the 7th floor was not huge, but very clean and nicely presented. Our room had tea/coffee facilities, trouser press, 2 hairdriers, tv and clothes line in the bathroom. The hotel is situated behind the Selfridges store on Oxford Street, and so was not noisy, depite leaving our window open all night. The nearest tube station was 100metres away, and we used the tube to get to all of the main tourist attractions. We booked for a full english breakfast, it was a buffet style cooked breakfast but everything was hot. There are also numerous breakfast options such as cereal, meats, cheeses, fruit, yoghurt, juice etc and the waitress provides tea coffee and toast. All in all we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would recommend it to anyone who wants a central base whilst visiting London. The hotel itself was in our opinion good value for money, dont be put off by the high priced room rate, we stayed for £96.00 per room per night, and it was worth every penny.	
Sep 29 2004	Great stay!	I stayed at the Selfridge Hotel from Sept 23rd to 26st and was not disappointed. I booked the room through LondonTown.com and got a 64% discount, thereby paying £96 for each night incl. tax. (I had a double room since it cost the same as a single.) Even though I arrived around 11 o'clock in the morning (check-in usually starts 2 p.m), there was no problem to check in. The room was ready and I was placed in the far end of a corridor on the Business Floor, where it was quiet and clean, and I got a free newspaper each day. I didn't eat breakfast at the hotel but one night I ordered a baguette and mineral water from the room service, which arrived in 15 minutes and was just the way I wanted it. I was very satisfied with my stay and would recommend the hotel to everyone.	
Sep 8 2004	A bed for the night	London hotels are really busy this week and when I wasn't able to get a room at my usual business stopover I was booked into the Thistle Selfridge. Usually I steer clear of the Thistle Chain but thought this would be an opportunity to try somewhere new.After a long night at the office (I eventually left at 4am) I arrived at the hotel looking forward to the prospect of a few hours sleep before returning to work. I was greeted by the hotel receptionist who asked me to wait a moment. Ten minutes later the duty manager came to tell me that the hotel was fully booked, and that ,even though I had a reservation which was guaranteed for late arrival, I wouldn't be able to stay there. To give him his dues, the manager then phoned a number of other hotel chains in London to find out they were also fully booked and there would be nowhere for me to stay other than the Thistle Hendon (a 30 minute cab ride away). I decided to try and phoned the Savoy who had a suite for £400 but it seemed that the Thistle didn't value my custom enough to pay for me to stay there!I have just returned to my office and it's now five thirty am and I have decided to vent my spleen in a rather public way. I am frankly disgusted with the over booking policy of many hotels. As a lone female traveller you would hope that the hotel would prioritise, or at least ensure that rooms when guaranteed for late arrival would be kept for the intended guest.Please, I implore you, stay away from this hotel if you value customer service and the &quot;luxury&quot; of actually getting to sleep in a bed that you have booked for the night. Even the cab driver (which they did admittedly pay for) who took me back to my office said that he doubted that that hotel had ever been full in it's life - such is it's shoddy reputation.I leave it for you to decide for yourself whether to risk the Thistle Selfridge.	
Sep 6 2004	Shabby Shabby Shabby	I booked this hotel for the 1st nights stay of my honeymoon with my new wife. Fortuneatley we only stayed one night. We used this hotel as a stop over, never the less I had tried to ensure it would be a romantic hotel. I was severley mistaken.We arrived at the very grand looking driveway where the doorman opens the door of your taxi and you feel very priveledged, Onto the foyer and reception which is a little dated, some would call distinguished but it was a little rough round the edges.So we go to our room, alarm bells strated to ring, the corridors were very shabby and dark, upon entering the room, our wedded bliss took a very rapid turn for the worse, I kid you not, 1980's style peeling wallpaper that was actually stained. Tiny stuffy room, dirty windows, THREADBARE carpets! I made an immediate return to the reception who offreed me a twin bedded suite (remember this was the 1st night of my honeymoon) the only other room was just a different version of the one I had, but it was marginally better.The location of this hotel can't be faulted, but every aspect of the important parts of the hotel were dated shabby and a touch grubby. I wouldn't stay here again for free! Thank goodness for the Romantik Panhotel in Bruges, it saved the atmosphere of my honeymmon and restored our faith in web site descriptions.	
Aug 30 2004	Top Marks	I looked at this site AFTER making a reservation for three nights at the Selfridge Hotel. I must admit being full of aprehension after reading some of the comments that had been left but I was pleasantly suprised. My husband and I had booked an executive double room and this may be where the difference lies. Our room was spacious and well furnished. The staff were very helpful and very attentive despite being rushed off their feet especially at breakfast. I did hear a few moans on Sunday morning at breakfast when the bacon ran out and it took a few minutes to replace but hey give the staff a break they were working flat out. We would definately stay there again and yes it is full of dark wood and brass fittings but that adds character and certainly makes a change from some of the repetitive rooms in many of the new hotels.We booked through highlife breaks on the internet who seem to be linked to the Thistle chain so this might be the best option, if there are different grades of room they probably can get the best!!	
Aug 22 2004	Well located but needed to be renewed	The Selfridges is a hotel with an excelent situation, next Oxford Street.We booked a triple room for me, my wife and our 11 y.o. child, b&amp;b, from August 17th to 21th at 96 pounds night.The room was reasonable in size for London standards, but it needed a full renovation of its furniture, lights and windows. Also there was not air conditioned in the room. However the bathroom was OK.The english breakfast was also awful, in an dirty overcrowded restaurant.So, it is an affordable hotel in central location, but that needs an urgent renovation, which probably will imply that their rates will increase.	
Jun 26 2004	really bad	The concierge at the front in his uniform was as fancy as it got. The room was tiny, clean but in desperate need of repair. there were stains on all the furniture and cracked tiles on the bathroom floor neither of which inspires me im afraid. The worst thing about the room was the hideous brown coloured blanket we were expected to sleep under - gross beyond belief - about 30 years old and showing it!!!! Service was poor, a request for a porter took 3 phone calls and two hours, duty managers were rude. Breakfast was covered in grease and the breakfast room was ugly. The bar is totally out of place and it was hard to get a drink as none of the staff had good english - something you do actually espect when in England! I would never go back - knocking it down would not be good enough for it.	
Jun 17 2004	Four stars hotel-who turned in to two stars!	Me and my boyfriend stayed here for 4 nights,last weekend. We got a good discount for the room,but it was still expensive,and we thought a 4star hotell would provide classy,clean and good standard-rooms. But no. First of all,the size of the room was very tiny. It was dirty,no air condition,they didn`t clean our room if we didn`t tell them to(!!!),the roof had water leeks,and looked awful.No style in the breakfastroom/restaurants,with prices who didn`t match the meal at all-to expensive!What are they up to???They need to be freshened up!	
Jun 8 2004	Avoid depression . . . go somewhere else	I live in London, but was invited to attend a lunch here recently. It was without doubt the worst catered meal I have had in London in my adult life (and I go to many receptions, restaurants etc). If the word 'carvery' doesn't make your heart sink before you get here, it will after. And that's without even mentioning the appalling decor . . .	
Jun 7 2004	Great weekend break location		
Apr 14 2004	didn't like it too much		
Apr 10 2004	Beware		
Apr 6 2004	Perfect Location		
Apr 1 2004	suggested		
Mar 31 2004	Great Location not so great hotel		
Mar 8 2004	I will not return		
Oct 7 2003	ok		
Sep 2 2003	expensive drinks		
Jan 21 2003	Comfort and service		
Mar 22 2009 	?????????????		
Jun 1 2008 	Pas top		
May 8 2008	PERFETTO		
Mar 24 2008 	Lage top! Der Rest ein voller Flopp!		
Feb 25 2008 	Correcto y muy bien situado		
Aug 15 2007 	Ottima ubicazione		
Jan 15 2007 	Non male come ho letto in questo forum		
