Nov 24 2009	Oxford Street on your doorstep	My mam and I have just returned after staying for one night at the parkwood this weekend. The location was fantastic for shopping with Oxford Street and Marble Arch tube station just minutes walk away. The hotel itself is fantastic with a welcoming lounge and lovely staff who were happy to help, they even allowed us to order in food when the weather was to bad to go out for a meal. Once we got our case to the room the stairs wernt to much of a problem but if you are older or would struggle to carry luggage up the steep stairs at the top then make sure you book early and request a room on a lower floor. It wasnt bad for us though. The room was very clean and the beds were comfortable with a flat screen tv on the wall and a sink and lit mirror over it. There was plenty of storage for clothes and all your things. The breakfast room was lovely and we were served very quickly a full english breakfast with toast tea and as much cereal and juice as you like, you are even offered seconds of the cooked breakfast if you can manage it. The hotel is in a little street next to Hyde Park for excellent evening walks which meant it was lovely and quiet which is a bonus being so close to everything. We will certainly be using the hotel again and would recommend it.	
Nov 23 2009 	Great location small room/bathroom	We stayed here for 5 nights, location was good to the tube.The room was nice but quiet smal, as was the bathroom. There is no elevator so be prepared to carry your bags.Staff were friendly and happy to assist. Breakfast was also good.Enjoyed our stay and thought it was good value for money, would certainly return.	
Nov 15 2009	AWESOME PARKWOOD HOTEL	Excellent location to stay in London. Good value for the money. Staff are friendly and helpful. Breakfast served hot and delicious. The hotel is very quiet, few minutes walk to shopping centers.	
Oct 28 2009 	Super value experience	Apart from the climb to the room which was on the fourth floor our stay was excellent. Extremely pleasant, friendly (always smiling), courteous and helpful staff. Breakfast was exzcellent and the room although a bit cozy was most comfortable. The room could have used more hooks for hanging towels and a light over the sink. The location so near the tube station and bus stops was also in a lovely neighbourhood near to shopping and a multitude of Lebanese restaurants. As for value I would recommend this to any vistor to London.	
Oct 28 2009 	Lovely but stairs could be a problem if you're elderly	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights at the end of a month long trip around Europe. It was a terrific place to stay and quite cheap compared with lots of places in central London. English breakfasts were terrific - as much as you want to eat - although the coffee was not all that great everything else was delicious.The hotel is only a 5 minute walk from Marble Arch tube station and is close to so many things including Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens. Heaps of places to eat in Notting Hill just two tube stations away or a 20 minute walk.One night we had an ensuite which was great, but even on the other two nights where we had a shared bathroom, we only had to share with 2 other couples and there were no problems with hot water running out or anything. They said they had free wireless but we couldn't get it to work, however there is a computer with free Internet in the reception area. The staff were happy to mind our bags all day while we went to an all day music event, even though we checked out that morning.The only thing I would say about the hotel to be wary of is that it is heritage listed and therefore only has a narrow flight of stairs and no lift - not a problem for us as we are young and my husband is quite strong, but could be hard for elderly people coming up and down the stars or if you have heavy suitcases. When we left we were given a voucher for 10% off our next stay - we will come back when we return to London. Charming and lovely.	
Oct 27 2009 	Excellent Breakfast!	This was an excellent place to stay. We arrived early but we were able to leave our bags and check in later in the day. The ladies that look after the hotel were all really lovely and friendly and helpful! There is no elevator but that wasnt really an issue. Our room felt like it was on the top floor, we counted how many stairs up but i have forgotten now. Our room was alright, the bathroom was small but adequate - there was hardly any water pressure in the shower (some people hate that some people dont mind) and our view was nice although there was alot of scaffolding along the street on the other buildings. The room was quiet and the bed was comfortable. There is a really lovely balcony you can sit out the back and i would recommend doing that, its very relaxing. The breakfast was excellent as everyone else has mentioned, fresh cooked all you can eat breakfast, endless toast, tea, coffee, bacon and eggs and alot more. There is a computer at reception with free internet on it and the building itself was really pretty I thought. It was a handy area, close to buses and trains and supermarkets and shops, we wernt sure about the restaurants in the area but you can always just catch a bus and a train and go somewhere really nice. We will definately be staying here next time we go to London, and i would definately recommend this place to anyone who needs a cheap, nice place to stay thats quiet and really inviting.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great Breakfast and Comfy Beds	The Parkwood serves a delicious breakfast and a pretty comfy bed. Maybe it was just that I had gotten 3 hours of sleep the night before, but it felt pretty amazing to me. Located really close to the tube stop, and in an area with restaurants/pubs close, but not next door so it's silent at night (well maybe not silent, but very very very very quiet). Safe area too.	
Oct 17 2009 	Very delicious full english breakfast!	Locatios is quite and near to tube. The full english breakfast is delicious!	
Sep 23 2009 	Great location and warm staff	Stayed in family suite with ensuite shower. There is no elevator but our children ages 3 and 6 didn't mind the walk up 3 flights to the room which was clean and has view overlooking residential neighborhood. Breakfast is in a cheery room and very filling. Staff all very friendly and accommodated our late arrival after 10 pm without any problems. Location near Hyde Park and Oxford St with easy access to tube &amp; bus stops is terrific and on a charming residential street that felt safe and quiet despite being near busy Edgware Rd and Marble Arch. We consider it a great value and would stay there again in the future.	
Sep 20 2009 	nice and quiet	me and my boyfriend stayed at Parkwood last week and enjoyed every minute of it. It's one of the best and pleasant small family hotels I have ever enjoyed. The area is quiet though placed in the central part of London right next to Marble Arch station and opposite Hyde Park. The Proms were on Saturday and Sunday and we could hear the music up in our room, but it was nice to listen to, we even went to Hyde Park and listened to it. The English Breakfast is very nice, the Polish waitress ever so kind and helpful. I did have a problem with my back and foot when we were there and couldn't walk long distances for a few days and therefore the location was superb for me as we could catch the bus at the end of the street, even walking from the underground station took about 5 minutes. Excellent location, nice friendly staff, good breakfast, quiet rooms. Good waterpressure in showers, everything worked in the room, we had a problem with the sink in the bathroom and that was fixed the same afternoon. Very good service, small family-run hotel. We will use this in the future.	
Sep 9 2009 	My Vacation	The Parkwood Hotel is in a perfect location for all your needs .You can catch a bus to wherever you wanted to go there is no need to get the tube. I would advise anyone whose staying in London to get themselves an oyster card it can be used on any transport wether bus or underground.There are sightseeing tours that you can go on and you don't have to stay on the bus.you can get off and on anytime on the bus route at your leisure.My stay at the Parkwood Hotel was Brilliant .All the staff are very friendly you get a cooked breakfast every morning and they are willing to help you in anyway they can.I will definately be coming here again.They are in the middle of decorating but don't let that put you off as it will be worth a visit	
Sep 5 2009 	Happy short stay	Friendly staff, room clean and well furnished, excellent breakfast. Dead quiet yet right in the centre of london. What more can you ask for? Would I stay there again? Absolutely yes I would.	
Sep 3 2009 	Neighborhood Feel - Family Run	I stayed for a couple days this summer. Very &quot;Ma and Pop&quot; feel to it. Old carpet, cracks not sealed in walls, paint chipping off walls. It looked like they were attempting to renovate it. There is no elevator so you have to drag your luggage up the stairs - ok if they are light but bad if they are heavy. The hotel is part of a residential block. It is basicaly a converted multi-floor flat. The first floor of rooms facing the street have really large window that opens onto a balcony. Great for hanging laundry and to relax. However, mine did not lock meaning someone from the room next door could climb right through into my room. Luckily I had a bike lock to keep my things inside the clothes cabinet while I was sightseeing. The sink would not drain either. They fixed it but the next day it was just as bad. I arrived around 11 am and they didn't have a room available (check in is 1:30 pm) so I stored my luggage in the lobby/office next to a pile of other luggage. When I came back I got my paper work first but other guests were waiting around to be helped. My first impressions were really bad although the place does grow on you. The plus is the room and bathroom we good size. The bed was confortable too. There was a KFC and McDonalds just down the street. Not sure if I would stay here again thought.	
Aug 31 2009 	Exceptional value	We had a room on the top floor, exactly 80 steps from the lobby (no elevator, but we were made aware of this before booking). It's less than 5 minutes from the Marble Arch, so it's right near a tube station. Our room was clean, but the three of us we were a bit tight. The bathroom was clean. Free wireless access was really convenient.We had a very nice breakfast every morning (cereals, toasts, eggs, beans). Not a junk continental breakfast like most hotels. The waitress was beautiful and always made sure we had had enough.The place was really quiet. We only came across other people during breakfast. There was an outdoor platform where we enjoyed a few beers one night, it was all to ourselves.Unbeatable for the price!!!	
Aug 11 2009 	location service 	Your greatest assets are:location - i could not ask for anything more central than marble arch, next to oxford street. you are 10 min. walk from underground(central line), supermarket, central bus service and hyde parK.service - i visted with my 3 sons aged 17,11,8. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly.english breakfast - &quot;first class&quot; breakfast.my only negatives: i do not like carpet (but this is my criticism of all hotels) , internet access was very slow	
Aug 5 2009 	A great stay good location lovely staff terrific breaky	Traveling alone, I found the Parkwood was a great location (just near Hyde Park and Oxford/ Bond Streets), with lovely staff. The first few days I had a small attic room, which was very small, although very tidy, and required some fitness for the stairs, but I managed to change to a double room and ensuite, which was lovely.The breakfast was great and if you are on a budget, you could manage with a very light lunch and still get through a day of hectic sightseeing. The trains and tourist bus bays were close, and it is even walking distance to Paddington station, although you would need a wheelie bag or very strong arms to make the distance. It is only 3pds in the cab, so worthwhile paying the fee. I traveled around alone with no problems and had access to the internet in the evenings up until c.10pm which was great to keep in contact with the family.Feel it was well worth the money and with a small and friendly staff, its good to know that they will help you if they can with tips and recommended activities. The Three Tuns Pub (close by) became my evening watering hole thanks to the advice of the staff here and I was always comfortable and warm. Well worth looking at with or without family and friends. I'm returning shortly for yet another stay and haven't even bothered rummaging for alternatives.Good luck and hope you have a great holiday. Lucy/	
Jul 23 2009 	Great location	Was in london for a week, booked this hotel.Rooms are ok, but old. Service was great, and breakfast was good.I would stay here again due to the location in London, its just a few steps away from Hyde Park. And when in London, who ever stays in their hotelroom for other than sleep? :)	
Jul 11 2009 	friendly staff lovely hotel and perfect location	I enjoyed my stay at the parkwood hotel as usual...Just cross the street you are in Hyde Park, on the other side Oxford Street for shopping !I like this charming hotel in a very quiet place.I would recommend you this charming hotel.	
Jul 9 2009 	Quaint and Close to Everything	We enjoyed staying at Parkwood Hotel. It's located right across the street from Hyde Park (which, by the way, is an amazing park) and right around the corner from the Marble Arch tube station. My husband and I did a lot of walking while we were in London, so having a hotel being centrally located to everything was great! The hotel itself, is nice and quaint. The rooms are smaller than what we are used to but clean. We were on the 4th floor of the hotel and there is NO elevator so we got a work-out everytime we left or returned to our room. The hotel is actually a B&amp;B and they serve very hearty English breakfasts and they are good. The staff was great and did their best to accommodate us, especially the day of our arrival as we got into London at 7am (local time) and was exhausted. They worked very quickly to get our room ready before check-in so we could get settled in. One tip for future guests - Upon arrival, ask for a map of London from the front office and ask them to circle where the hotel is located on the map. Initially, we did not do this and we were walking aimlessly around trying to find a place to have breakfast and had no clue where to go or even start for that matter. But once we got the map, it made navigating so much easier as the map contains landmarks, etc. Another tip - they do not change towels everyday, so after the 4th day, we requested new towels...you may want to do the same.	
Jun 27 2009 	quiet stay nearby the busy london centre	good rooms,excellent bed, very good breakfast, nice terrace for your own made coffe or thea on a sunny afternoon.No elevator etc.Nice and safe neigborhood jus outside Hyde Park (Marble Arch side).One minute walk to busses or metro for the Centre or Notting Hill Gate/Portobello	
May 25 2009 	Personal and warm service from all personnel a homefeeling.	We appreciate the comfortable room and the good breakfast.Thank you all - Jenny, Anja and Inga for a nice stay.	
May 24 2009	Perfection in London!	Our staying at Parkwood hotel was great. We came here with my Mum for the Playtex Moonwalk. The situation is perfect, less than 100 meters from Hyde Park (start of the walk). We have been warmly welcome, the staff was really nice with us. The rooms and breakfast were lovely.For sure, when I go back to London I will go to Parkwood hotel!One again, thanks a lot to the staff!	
May 19 2009 	Fab value 	The Parkwood Hotel is in a fantastic location - a stone's throw from Hyde Park and 5 mins walk from Oxford Street. There are also some lovely restaurants and bars a few minutes away. The street the hotel is located on is very picturesque and quiet - perfect! Our room was small but completely adequate and very clean. We had a TV, kettle and an ensuite with a very powerful shower and complimentary toiletries. The staff were fab, really polite and helpful, and the breakfast was great - bacon, sausage, eggs, beans, toast, preserves, cereal, hot drinks and fruit juice. All in all, the location of the hotel, the fab breakfast and the cleanliness of the rooms made a fab Valentine's break. Great value - couldn't fault it!	
May 13 2009 	Nice place if you need to be near the well known locations around it	Wont bother you with much details, other reviewers have said it enough but will like to say the staff are quite friendly and helpful. Creaky noises are just because of the age of the building and if possible should be remedied and the bed line should be changed more often. Excellent service otherwiseMost excellent breakfastGood locationGood staffPrice can be a bit steep for a single roomSafe environment	
May 9 2009 	Superb location fantastic breakfast rooms need to be refreshed.	Suberb location for exploring London's amazing Hyde Park, Kensington Gardens, Buckingham Palace, etc. The breakfast is substantial and delicious and the cook is a sweetheart! The rooms are dated, need paint and repair.	
May 9 2009 	Nice hotel but I wouldn't recommend it.	A bit outdated with creaky wooden floors, so we could hear every movement from upstairs guests. Starting at 6.45 am at some occasions.Hotel staff is not very friendly or helpful with the exception of 1 very nice lady. The hotel is near Marble Arch and Oxford Street, a great location. We ate at Cafe Uno most of the time, it's near the restaurant and has delicious Italian food.	
May 8 2009 	Perfect Stay - Value for money!	I stayed the last four days in this hotel which is located in a perfect area. In the city center but in a quiet place!Just 2 minutes walk from Hyde Park. It is clean with huge windows (lightful) and with a delicious english breakfast! The service was fine and the staff really helpful - I would definately visit again this hotel. I didn't have such a good experience in other hotels in London before. It's location is great and is not expensive at all! I absolutely reccomend it!!!	
May 6 2009 	Great Hotel	Excellent location and definitely worth it. Staying in London is all about location and comfort and everything considered, this hotel has it all. We stayed for five days and the location is just fantastic. Shopping places are very much walking distant; with not much time to spare this is very essential. Our children love it inspite of having to walk up the stairs; nice view from the room.	
May 4 2009 	Better value can't be found	We stayed twice at Parkwood in the month of April, had a twin on an upper floor for 1 week and then a double on a lower floor for 1 week. Great staff in all areas - housekeeping and front desk! Fabulous breakfast each morning (compare at 12 GBP each) - eggs , top quality bacon and sausage, toast, juices, other beverages - very consistent and excellent &quot;short order&quot; service. Marble Arch location puts this hotel within a ten minute bus ride of all London attaractions and truly is within walking distance of most - Hyde Park across the street, Buckingham Palace, Harrods, Oxford Street shopping. Extremely clean rooms and well equipped! Free internet access in lobby.	
Apr 23 2009 	Perfect location good value	Our family stayed in the quad room for six nights. It was perfect for us, the additional alcove and twin beds gave us all adequate space. The bathroom was nice and large. The breakfast was cooked to your preference each day. Although the stairs are plenty, we didn't mind climbing back each day to our quiet room. The location is wonderful. It was extremely easy to get around - tube and bus connections were perfect. Staff was friendly and helpful. If you are seeking a budget hotel for a family of four and you don't mind stairs, this is a perfect choice.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great value good location - would go back any time!	As I only needed a place for one night and booked the first B&amp;B that I found online and looked half decent I didn't expect much but Parkwood Hotel turned out to be more than just any B&amp;B.The staff at the front desk were very friendly and helpful and made me feel at home from the first moment. My single room was small but clean and was equipped with a sink, tv, telephone, hair dryer, more than enough storage space and tea making facilities. There's a guest computer at the reception that can be used free of charge as well as free WIFI internet if you intend to bring your own laptop. The only room that was still available when I booked was a single room with the bathroom outside the room, which was only a few steps away. The shared bathroom was very clean and it didn't seem like anyone else was using it.The location of this B&amp;B is also great: Only a few steps from Hyde Park and appx. 4 minutes on foot from Marble Arch and Oxford Street. It's perfect for leisure travelers who intend to spend some quality time in the city and want to be close to all the important sights. The tube station is right by Marble Arch, 4 minutes from Parkwood Hotel. Busses to Luton Airport, Oxford and other destinations depart from Marble Arch as well.I'm glad I discovered this B&amp;B because it will save me a lot of time looking for a place to stay at next time I'm in London.	
Apr 6 2009 	More of a B	Although calling itself a hotel, the Parkwood is far more of a B&amp;B, and to be fair, is priced as such. The only hotel amenity is the reception area, with magazines and internet access. When we arrived I asked for some ice to treat a sprained knee and was told this was not available - try Tesco's at the corner!Our room (#1 on the first floor) was OK for size, but the shower is separate from the toilet/sink and the shower was TINY. If you drop the soap you will have a tough time retrieving it. We had a (false) fire alarm one night and while standing on the sidewalk outside the hotel spoke to some other guests who said they had a lovely large room with an immense bathroom, but it was four floors up (no elevator). Last three mornings no hot water.The full English breakfast is fine but gets a bit repetitive after a week - select from eggs bacon sausage beans tomato toast. Lots of coffee (excellent) and juice and the waitresses (from Poland) were lovely - friendly, helpful, considerate. However, breakfast ends at 9AM, which may be fine for visiting businessmen but is less fine for tourists seeking a bit of a lie-in.WiFi is free, which is handy, and the staff generally are wonderful. Location is excellent for shopping along Oxford Street and only two blocks to the Underground. Don't even dream of coming here by car - there is absolutely no parking.Since our trips to London are primarily to go to the theatre, we will go back to staying closer in to the theatre district next time, despite the higher prices.	
Mar 22 2009 	Lovely staff made us feel very welcome.	This hotel is in a great location near Marble Arch so ideal for shopping in Oxford Street and Mayfair. The staff are super; really friendly and welcoming. Our room was spacious if a little shabby, however, it was clean and the beds very comfortable. Lovely breakfast with great service. Good value. Will stay here again.	
Mar 21 2009 	A gem in the heart of London	A friendly comfortable hotel in the heart of London that will not put your wallet into intensive care. Welcoming, warm, and inviting you will not find better. A little gem.	
Mar 16 2009 	Excellent location; quiet hotel	My partner and I stayed here for one night and it was perfect for what we needed. We arrived early, and were allowed to leave our bags in the office area. Our room was on the 4th floor, no elevator of course. We had a bathroom outside our room, but it was just next door, small, but clean and modern and even had shampoo and soap. Since we were only there one night it worked out fine. We did not have to wait for it ever, and if it had been occupied, one could go down a flight or two to another bathroom. The room was old and shabby, but then we didn't expect any different. There was a nice flat screen TV, coffee maker and a window. The hair dryer looked very old (turning yellow) and had wires hanging out of it, so it didn't look safe. We had a sink in the room, so that was nice for drinking, etc.Breakfast was made to order and better than I had thought we would get. A variety of cereals, eggs, bread, etc. The location was outstanding. Very close to Marble Arch, drugstores, grocery stores, all kinds of restaurants, Hyde Park. We hopped on the Original Tour bus at Marble Arch and saw everything in one day. We even used the bus to get to the Sherlock Holmes pub for dinner and to go to Harrods. It was very worth it.The tube is right there too. I would definetely go back, knowing I wasn't planning on spending time in the room	
Mar 6 2009 	Saved by the location	This is a budget hotel with great location. Centrally located, close to the tube station and next to buses going almost everywhere. The breakfast was quite good and the staff was helpful and kind. Of course there is no lift and at these prices do not expect much. Our room was quite small, but clean, with a lot of drawers and a nice bathroom. What was quite annoying was the fact that you could hear EVERYTHING from the next room and even when the people from the room above were walking you could hear the floor creaking. If you are lucky and your neighbors are quite then OK, otherwise...Would I go again? Not sure, but I would think about it...	
Mar 3 2009 	Great location Friendly staff Great overall!!	I arrived on Feb.18 for a week long stay, this hotel is in a great location, in walking distance to the Marble Arch station and even closer to the bus stop... They offer a proper English breakfast made to order along with cereal, toast, juice, milk and water.. This is a non-smoking hotel but they do have a small patio on the 2nd floor made for smokers .. The rooms are comfortable, I stayed in a single en-suite for the first 4 nights and had to be switched to a double en-suite for the final 3 nights.. that was due to renovations being done .. the move was easy and almost seamless.. both rooms were great! Overall, for being the first time abroad and in London, i couldn't have asked for anything more.. I would definately stay here again!!	
Feb 11 2009 	Location Location Location	I searched for weeks to find a B&amp;B that was nice, centrally located, and cost effective and I found it. I read the reviews from here (as I always do) and took it. I was more glad I did. Now remember- I paid 39.50 per night for 6 nights in a single and that is a bargain. \The hotel is 1 1/2 block from Marble Arch Station. The buses are 1/4 block from the hotel and on in the first two blocks are grocery store with everything you need, ATMs, Starbucks, Weatherspoon Pub, Pharmacy, restaurants, etc. The hotel is at the corner of Edgeware Road nea MArble Arch and there is an Arab feel to Edgeware Road. If you use the Subway to gain entrance to hotel way the #11 section of Subway was closed down and being repaired so you cant use it. I took the Heathrow Xpress to Paddington and a 10 pound ride to the hotel.The hotel is small with 18 rooms. Unfortunately , you cant get in early as most B&amp;Bs are but I left my luggage and Oxford St. shopping was practically outside the door.I got a single room and it was Room #14. Now- this is approximately 70 steps up a winding staircase and can be dangerous with luggage as there is no life. It IS tiring no matter if you are an olympian so you just take your time. The B&amp;B is old and the carpets are warn. Some painting is needed but with that aside the perks outweigh the cosmetics in my opinion. Once I reached Room 14 which was in the heavens-it was small and quaint. The tpoilet,shower was only 5 steps from room so that was a plus. The room was clean and the window opened a bit to allow nice breeze of fresh air. I was also able to put my 2 liter diet coke on the windsill and it kept nice and cold the whole week I was there. My own fridge. There is a safe in the room which you are charged 2 quid a day if you use and it is on the honor system.There were three pillows and two blankets to use. It snowed the day before I came and was cold the whole week. The heater was portable and a nice touch. The bed was small and would probably be uncomfortable for a very tall person but it was fine for me. The sheets were nice and clean. I NEVER USE the top blankts in a hotel wherever I go because I dont think it is clean but it is your choice.There was a bathroom on the 2nd floor which I used to take a bath in. The light switch was broken twice and I had to opt for a shower but I did prefer a bath. The tub was clean and water was hot. The shower was hot as well but I dont like showers.There is an internet for your use for FREE and I had use of it everyday for emails and such. I used it in the AM and in the PM. That was definitely a bargain. The staff was very nice and kind. Any questions you may have had they tried to answer.The breakfast was great. I really enjoyed the english breakfast as it was cooked to my liking and was good. The dining is in the basement and is small but airy and the hostess was cheery. Cereals and toast were included with the English breakfast. I found it quiet up on the 4th floor. It was a trek to the room but I really didnt hear any noise at all. My week stay there was worth it and I would stay again for the price. You get a key to the front door to enter and a jey for your room. If you check out early you may leave your luggage with the staff and there is no charge. There a a cinema around the corner and I loved that extra as I went one evening. If you go to WESTFIELD Shopping in White castle. The 148 bus in the shopping center will drop you off right in front our your B^B street, Much better than coming back via tube.Your tube station is Marble Arch which is on the central line. Very convenient.	
Jan 11 2009 	Very nice - muy agradable	The place was perfect, not luxurious, but clean, helpful staff, nicely situatiated and with a proper breakfast.El sitio era estupendo, no lujoso, pero limpio, el personal nos ayudó, el emplazamiento bueno y el desayuno correcto.	
Dec 1 2008	Fantastic Location	I looked at many hotels, for a reasonably priced place to stay in a handy location. The Parkwood lived up to all my expectations. Don't expect the Ritz, but if you want cleanliness, good, big breakfast, great shower (bit cramped, but with plenty of hot water) and a decent sized double room - this is the place. The location is absolutely ideal - 1 minute across the road to Hyde Park and a 5 minute walk to Oxford Street and buses to anywhere in London. The staff were friendly and helpful and I will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 26 2008 	Nice familiar little hotel in the centre of London	We had a pleasant 4 nights stay in the Parkwood Hotel in London with my husband! The airline has lost my luggage when we have arrived to London! The staff at the hotel was really kind and helpful to get in touch with the airline to be able to get my luggage back ASAP. The location of the hotel is perfect for turist at Marble Arch! We had a nice little ensuite room, which was clean! We would prefer a bit bigger room as a double/twin room but it was not a big problem in London for us! The breakfast was reach and delicious every morning with smiling staff! Next time in London we will choose this hotel again for sure to stay in!	
Nov 9 2008 	Location A+ Value B+	I did quite a bit of research to find a hotel that was reasonable in price for four of us and located close to transportation plus easy in/out access from Heathrow. Parkwood was it. I still feel the value was good and the location was great. I would've liked a little more friendliness from the staff. Some were very nice, others a bit bothered by questions. The rooms are tiny, but so are any others in the price range. We slept well and had an adequate breakfast each day; perhaps that's the best measure of what we hoped for. I'd recommend this for folks looking for value and location.	
Oct 29 2008 	A great Hotel in Central London!	This month my mother and I decided to go to London for a few days. It is so hard to find a cheap and good hotel which is close to Central London but thank god we found the Parkwood Hotel. This hotel is clos to the Hyde Park and just a few minutes away from the Oxfort Street so the location is awesome. There is nothig bad to say. Also the stuff is great. All of them are really friendly and served us a delicious breakfast every day. So when you are looking for a hotel in Central London this is honestly one of the best you will find!	
Oct 26 2008	Fantastic family value	I agree with the most recent reviews that this hotel is excellent value for a budget hotel, particularly the family room. Finding rooms for a family in London is challenging to say the least &amp; The Parkwood prooved to be a great option.When we booked they were offering discounts for stays of 4 nights or more via the Hotel website, but this has since been changed to 5 nights or more.The family room was a good size (for London), &amp; the bathroom was actually bigger than I'd been imagining (but still small by Australian standards). The teens had a little room off the main room (but no door between the two rooms) with its own small flatscreen TV.The beds were a little on the hard side, but to me that is better than soft or lumpy!The family room is 3 flights of stairs up &amp; the stairs get steeper with each floor. (after the long haul flight + walking all over London on our 1st day that last flight nearly finished me off-luckily Hubby took pity &amp; carried my bag for the last bit!!).	
Oct 26 2008	Cosy and cheap	We stayed at this hotel in August 2008 for four nights. It is in a fantastic location, across from hyde park and a nice easy walk to the Marble Arch tube station. The breakfast is fantastic - you can ask for white or wholemeal toast, eggs the way you like them, bacon, sausages, baked beans etc.. The room was very small for us 2, but as we understand it, this was not unusual for a London lodging. The bathroom was poorly put together (a DIY job) but did the trick. We had trouble with receiving reception on our television but could get a few channels. Overall we would stay there again because of the location, breakfast and value for money!	
Oct 18 2008 	One of the BEST budget hotels in London!	I stayed at the Parkwood Hotel for two nights as it enjoys a central London location and was fairly close to the Royal Albert Hall, where I was to attend a show. The Parkwood is a fabulous budget hotel offering good value for money with the added benefit of a hearty breakfast and friendly staff.If you are expecting a modern hotel offering up-to-date facilities, you will be disappointed. For example, there is no lift (clearly stated on website), so be prepared to carry heavy suitcases up flights of stairs. To avoid this inconvenience (especially if elderly or disabled), I would advise that you request a room on the first or second floors. There are no separate recreation rooms in the hotel for guests, but the main reception room includes a comfortable lounge area with sofas and plenty of magazines. The breakfast room is situated on the lower basement floor and is only open in the mornings. I should mention that the Parkwood includes an outside balcony at the rear of the property, with table and chairs. This area is particularly convenient for smokers and an ashtray is provided. If you are expecting splendour and luxury, you will be disappointed. The decor is looking somewhat tired and some of the DIY improvement is quite amateur, especially the sealant applied around shower cubicles and sinks etc. The rooms are not particularly spacious or grand, but they are adequate. The rooms have basic tea and coffee making facilities and a small television for entertainment. Importantly, you will find the Parkwood a clean hotel - a very important factor to consider when you are searching for budget accommodation. You will enjoy the very least any guest should expect - clean, fresh sheets on your bed and no creepy-crawlies (cockroaches) or rodents sharing your room! You are also treated to a splendid breakfast (included in the room price), one of the best I have had from a budget hotel as usually you only get a basic continental breakfast. At the Parkwood, you get a choice of fruit juice, followed by an excellent selection of cereal, tea or coffee, full English breakfast and brown and white toast with assortment of preserves. If you are still hungry you need only ask for more - but I doubt anyone would not be completely satisfied. I have mentioned all the above based upon fair critique, for the benefit of would-be guests. We all have our own ideas of what makes a good or bad hotel and if there are any points you deem as negative; in fairness, they must surely be outweighed by the positive. It is important to remember that the Parkwood is a &quot;budget&quot; hotel and if you are looking for a friendly atmosphere, clean accommodation, a good breakfast, central London location (all at a fair price) - then this hotel wins hands down! The ultimate question is: &quot;Would I stay at the Parkwood Hotel again?&quot; The answer is definitely &quot;YES, I would... and will&quot;.	
Oct 10 2008 	Parkwood Hotel a Charming Experience	The Parkwood Hotel is just a lovely well situated hotel that provides personalized service in an understated manner. It is located on a charming quiet street right off of Connaught Sguare and steps away from Oxford street with its shops, tube stop and bus connections. The hotel rooms are clean and well maintained, the breakfast room is charming and provides a very nice breakfast, and the staff is hospitable and helpful in all ways. I highly recommend the Parkwood and fully intend to stay here on all future visits to London	
Sep 6 2008 	Good on a budget	this hotel is in a great location. Very close to Marble Arch, Hyde Park and Oxford st - shopping centre, pubs etc. If you are on a budget and are only looking for a bed to sleep in after a days sightseeing this establishment is recommended. It's old , small but clean and the staff were friendly. We were running late due to an accident on the motorway and they stayed till we got there which was after working hours. The breakfast was very good and staff also friendly and helpful. the location , though central was very quiet, close to the train station and On/off bus. Great value for money. Would reccomend.	
Sep 6 2008	Great location	We stayed here twice in 2008, the hotel is right beside Oxford Street &amp; Hyde Park. It is very comfortable with nice rooms and the staff are very friendly and helpful. This hotel is like a home from home. Great value for money.	
Aug 18 2008 	a great budget hotel!	we stayed in the parkwood hotel for 6 nights in august and found it to be a good, basic and comfortable hotel and very good value for money, especially for people who are on a budget.the staff were very friendly and the breakfast that we had each morning was lovely and it wasnt too much bother if we wanted more to eat either as they were more than happy to oblige!a good central location near to hyde park and for the tube station as well.not far from the busy shopping area of oxford street too!hotel is located in a quiet side street so we had a very peaceful stay and would probably stay there again!	
Aug 7 2008 	A great small hotel	What a pleasure to find a small hotel at a reasonable price and in a great location in London! We enjoyed our three nights here and definitely recommend this hotel. The staff were friendly and helpful and the &quot;ambiance&quot; made us feel at home right away. The rooms and beds were very comfortable and clean. The breakfast room was bright and we were offered a full English breakfast each morning which set us up for the day! The hotel is tucked away in a pleasant street just across from Hyde park and very close to busy Oxford Street, but we found the hotel quiet and a good place to return to after a day of exploring London!	
Jul 24 2008 	Handy location worth the $	We stayed here after the Gershwin in NY for 5 nights. Our room was on the ground floor at the back, so it was quiet and had access to outside sitting area.The room was small but fine. Sep toilet, and sep shower which was tiny but worked fine.Location, price and the breakfast are the best things about this hotel. The staff are pleasant and friendly and helpfull with directions etc.I would stay there again. Its handy to everything, with Marble Arch tube less than 5 minutes walk. Hyde Park across the road.Works for me!	
Jul 23 2008	Great B	It has a good location, at the top end of Oxford St, close to the Marble Arch tuibe station and buses to many locations. About 100m down the road you will find Marks &amp; Spencer, Primark &amp; Selfridges.We had a double &amp; single bed. Our room on the ground floor was small but it opened to a small courtyard which overlook the neighbours. It was good in that we would wash our small items and hang it out to dry in the sun.The toilet and shower were in separate locations but in the same room. They were both small and the shower was even smaller. You could not stretch your arms in the shower. If you bend to pick up your soap, your bottom would hit the side wall!There was a small flat screen TV, adequate tea &amp; coffee facilities. There was an in-room safe but there was a daily charge to use it. You could not put items in the wardrobe as the safe took up an akward position.The nicest thing was the breakfast. The breakfast room in the basement was very cute. It had checker table cloths and old prints on the world. You help yourself to the cereal (about 6 different types), juices (3 types) and tea/coffee. You selected what you wanted for the hot breakfast and could have variations. The waitress was very polite and helpful.As the room are really small (&amp; it was difficult to keep tidy)it was helpful for visitors to wait in the reception lounge. There was a computer with free internet in the reception. The receptionist was also helpful. She collected all our messages and slipped it underneath our door.If you like Middle Eastern food, Edgeware Rd (I think) had heaps of restaurants and people sitting outside smoking water pipes. Otherwise cross the road on Hyde Park side and take a bus to Notting Hill. Lots of restaurant. I even found a Nyonya Restaurant (a hybrid Malay/Chinese food originated from Malaysia). Or take a bus down to Oxford Circus, and then to Chinatown and the theatres. You will be spoilt for choices. The location of this hotel is splendid. Only a bus or train ride to almost anywhere. I would recommend this place if you are not too claustrophobic. The rooms look a bit worn but if you are on a budget, this would be a good choice.	
Jul 21 2008 	Parkwood Hotel - Incredible Stay!	Parkwood Hotel, #4 Stanhope Place, LondonMy family and I stopped in London for a quick three day visit. The Parkwood Hotel was excellent. Brilliant breakfasts to start the day (true English breakfasts with eggs, beans, bacon and fried tomatoes). The rooms were very clean and well taken care of. We were steps away from Hyde Park which was excellent for the kids. We were able to kick the &quot;foootie&quot; around and find the paddle boats for all sorts of fun. In the other direction was Oxford Street with enough high class shops to keep the shoppers very happy. Be sure to search out St. Christopher's Street, off of Oxford Street opposite the Bond Street Tube station, as it was a gem. You sneak through a tiny alley which opens up to fantastic shops and the best sweet store (Mrs. Kibble's Sweet Store) where they sell Everlasting gob stoppers. Stanhope street is very quite and once in the Hotel you wouldn't know you were so close to all the hustle and bustle of the city. The Parkwood is also about a block away from the Marble Arch tube station making getting around the city so much easier. The Parkwood Hotel made our stay so much more enjoyable.	
Jul 20 2008 	Nice B	Was really easy to find the B&amp;B especially because I had never been to London before. Great Location, could not believe it, opposite Hyde Park, around the corner from Marble Arch and a 5 minute walk to Oxford Street and the street it was in was very classy and up market. Parkwood Hotel (although it is a bed and breakfast) was nice, the staff were very friendly and helpful, our room was ok, a little dated but as it was only going to be somewhere to sleep at night it wasnt a problem, the bathroom was clean, with power shower which was nice in the mornings and we also had frreeview on the television. The breakfast was nice, with the usual on offer.There is no lift so either pack light or ensure to bring your muscles to carry your luggage as it is over 3 floors, we were on the ground floor so only had to go down one set of stairs which was not too bad and their was only one room down their for guests and the owners so it was fairly quite.Nice for a short weekend stay on a budget.	
Jul 15 2008 	Good if you are on a budget	My husband and I were on a budget so we selected the Parkwood based on favorable reviews. For what it was, it was a good choice for us. Great location, close to the tube (Marble Arch) and Hyde Park. It was located on a little side street so noise was not an issue.Had we not been on a budget, we probably would not have stayed here. The room was small and a bit worn, but they were clean. The breakfast didn't appeal to us so I can't comment on the quality. There is no lift so if you have any sort of disability, I would not choose this hotel.I gave this 4 stars because it fit our needs which was budget and good location.	
Jul 3 2008 	Room 6	I stayed in room 6 and after reading all the reviews i must have just been unlucky. You enter your room, part of which is under the stairs and your wardrobe is on your left but the room itself is up another small flight of stairs(the light switch is at the bottom). The room was very clean and tidy (although the towels were not always changed) as was the shared bathroom/toilet downstairs. The 'room' is tiny, with my head on the pillow my feet were touching the other wall, the suitcase had to sit by the sink as i could not get it in the wardrobe because of the safe and it would not fit under the bed. A pane of glass was missing from the front door at one point so anyone could have walked in and maybe taken the guests luggage in the reception because no-one was around.	
Jun 25 2008	Good location	It seems that this hotel is quite popular among tourist since it is always fully booked and I managed to stay here for 1 night before leaving fot St Albans the next day. The hotel is located at Marble Arch and is walking distance to the Marble Arch tube station. The room although a bit small but very well kept. Please note that there is no lift in this hotel. It has free wi fi and you can even use the computer at the reception. Breakfast room is clean and nicely decorated. The part i like about the breakfast is you can choose among the various type of cereals in the small box set which you always see at the supermarket.	
Jun 18 2008 	Location location and free wifi	I give this place an above average because although the rooms were average for this sort of less expensive London accommodation (i.e. a little on the small size and bathrooms small), it had a few big pluses in its favour.1) Location: it's a short stroll from Hyde Park corner, the Marble Arch tube stop and you can enjoy a great stroll from the hotel to Buckingham palace taking in many of the big ticket sights along the way. The big red hop on and off, London tour buses also all start from around the corner if you're into that sort of thing.2) Great breakfasts included in the price. Continental and cooked. Still hungry? Have some more bacon and eggs cooked to order. Every morning we were greeted with a bright smile by the kitchen staff, and by the second day, they had our choice of a pot of tea ready without asking.3) Free *good* wi-fi in the rooms. Essential for road warriors like us. The network is locked but just ask reception for the current key to gain access.On top of that there's also a small balcony for the tobacco addicted to take a drag on (not us). Note that some rooms are up several flights of stairs, no lifts!	
Jun 11 2008 	Just what I wanted	The Parkwood is an excellent choice for people who don't need a 5-star hotel experience, but still expect a clean, safe hotel in London.Location -- just off the northwest corner of Hyde Park, easy to get to, and on a very nice, quiet side street.Cleanliness -- No issues. Probably a 4 out of 5 on this one.Friendliness -- I said a grand total of about 15 words to the staff in my 3 days here...and most of those were to the nice cook downstairs as I was getting my delicious breakfast. They left me alone otherwise (which is just how I like it).Rooms are small, but fine for one person (had to use the bed as a desk for my laptop). No elevator/lift, which was fine for me, as I was just one floor up. Breakfasts are good (7:30 to 9), wi-fi is excellent, and value ($150/night) was as good as you'll find.Feels more like a bed and breakfast than a hotel (I got home late each night, used my key to get in the front door). Kind of liked that element.Will definitely stay here next time out.	
Jun 10 2008 	A hidden gem!	What a great place! I had a room at the back of the building on the top floor, up a LOT of stairs, so not great for someone with lots of luggage or who cannot do stairs, as there is no elevator. The room was spotlessly clean, and amazingly quiet - even with the window open it was calm and peaceful, incredible for the center of the city. The room had a wash basin, tea and coffee making, satellite TV, a phone, a fan, a safe (£2 a day to use it)and a trouser press (does anyone ever use a trouser press?), and was a remarkably good sized room for central London. I was greeted on arrival by a friendly receptionist, who also checked me out when I left 2 days later. The bathroom was shared between three rooms, and was across the hall from my room - I don't really like sharing a bathroom, but I did not find it to be a problem at all in this case.Breakfast was served daily, with self service cereal, juices, coffee and tea, and hot food (bacon, sausage, eggs, tomatoes, beans, toast) served by young and friendly waitresses.Overall, great value for money in central London, a great location, and I will certainly stay here again.	
May 19 2008 	Can't wait to return!	I couldn't say enough wonderful things about this little hotel near Hyde Park!The location is perfect - you walk down the street and you're in Hyde Park, turn left and you're next to the Marble Arch! Thankfully, even though it's near Oxford street, the noise levels are very low and we were able to get full night sleeps every night (I point this out, because it became an issue while travelling in Europe afterwards!).The owner is lovely, very friendly and helpful, as were the receptionists.The rooms were great - very cosy and had all the facilities, tea/coffee, TV, heater, fan, etc.On top of all this it was wonderful to wake up every morning to a hearty breakfast and fresh cup of tea or coffee!!!I can't wait to return in the near future :-)	
May 16 2008 	lovin london	Found this hotel on trip advisor and chose it because of price and location, both excellant! The Parkwood Hotel is just off Hyde Park, Marble Arch end. Despite its proximity to the city it was very quiet, set in a lovely georgian terrace house. My husband and I, and our two teenage daughters, plus my husbands parents stayed there for four days in april. The hotel was close to Marble Arch station, restaurants, probably the most convenient spot I could have chosen, not having been to london before. A full English breakfast was included in the price.Our stay there was charming. Everything was accessible, particularly some great little pubs, thoroughly recommend it!	
Apr 23 2008 	very nice stay	I and my friend spent in this hotel a wonderfull spring vacation in # 09 in 9.-12.4.08! I would like to thank to all your staff, which was very friendly and helpfull. Hotel has excellent location near the city centre and just few steps from Hyde Park Corner. Room is little bit small, but as I was in London before, It was not surprise for me. Room was nice and clean. What we really enjoyed were very good English breakfasts, served in the basement floor in the red-painted breakfast room. The hotel has a charming atmosphere. When we are in London we will stay at this hotel again !	
Apr 20 2008 	Excellent location excellent service	The location, the price, the cleanliness and the service were all excellent. I appreciated having the computer available in the reception area to email my family and friends. Sarah at the front desk was extra helpful in booking a tour and transportation for me. The building was old, but quaint. When I had difficulty with the shower head in #7, the maintenance man came immediately and replaced it. I could not have had a better stay.	
Mar 19 2008 	Terrific stay at a great price	My family with twin teenagers stayed at the Parkwood for 11 nights in mid-March. Finding a hotel room to accomodate four people at any price is difficult in London, and we were glad to learn about the Parkwood with its great location and reasonable prices. The fact that the rate included VAT tax and a large breakfast makes this a great value for Americans who are suffering from a weak dollar. Our room came to $200 per night, and since we were staying so long, we did not want to go broke on a room we would hardly be spending any time in since we were out touring all day long and at the theater at night.The personal atmosphere of the Parkwood was evident immediately before even arriving. My request for booking was answered within hours. All e-mails with my questions were responded to in a timely manner. My request for an early check-in was honored. Gail, the general manager, was so warm, friendly, and welcoming. She could not have been more helpful with any request we had. When I asked if she had change at the front desk, and she did not, she offered to lend me a few pounds. Where do you find that kind of service? Certainly not in a cold impersonal chain hotel. We felt if we had any problems or concerns, Gail would help us out. What a comfort when visiting a different country on a different continent than your own.Our family room was quite adequate and roomy for our stay. The main room had a double bed with lots of storage and shelf space. A small attached area had two single beds with a chair and dresser for our daughters to use. Both rooms had new flat panel t.v.s which had great reception and lots of channels, including radio stations. It was nice that we could have some privacy and my kids could watch different shows from me. The beds were very comfy, with plenty of pillows and warm blankets. The bathroom was roomy by London standards with good water pressure and lots of hot water in the shower for my daughters longs showers. The decor was just fine. No, it was not marble with all the latest plumbing fixtures, but this is not the Ritz! (or Ritz prices). There was daily housekeeping, and everything was very clean.The location is terrific, on a nice safe, quiet street across from Hyde Park, up the street from the ex-Prime Minister! We were amazed at all the high dollar cars on the street - Bentleys, Rolls Royces and a mazeratti or two. Certainly a high priced area. It would cost much more at another hotel in this area. A stone's throw away is Park Lane, where there are some of the priciest hotels and restaurants in the city. There are many buses that stop a street over on Edgeware Rd. that will go past the gate for Kensington Palace and on to near Harrods. Great sight-seeing on a city bus. If you purchase a three or seven day travel card for the underground, your children up to 16 years can take the tube for a pound a day, and go on the bus for free. There is a great restaurant a couple of streets over called Prezzo. Delicious Italian food, nice atmosphere at a reasonable price. We ate there 3 times. Stay away from Noura on Jermyn street. Frosty service, tiny portions, &amp; overpriced.A taxi ride from Victoria to the hotel was nine pounds. If going back to the station, don't call for a taxi by phone, as is will cost more than double. Gail was kind enough to go onto the street for us and hail us a cab! (Talk about service). There is a two pound per day charge for the safe, but we didn't feel the need to use it as the hotel seems quite secure. Overall, a wonderful stay at a good value. Yes, the carpet and wallpaper in the hallway are old, but I would rather be able to stay in what is now one of the most expensive cities in the world in an upscale location for a reasonable price, than have to pay more money for glitz. As others mentioned, there is no lift, but the stairs helped me burn off the huge breakfast (I had to ask for a smaller portion each day, because I did not want to waste food). If you take the tube, you'll be doing plenty of stair climbing there as well so the Parkwood will get you in good shape for that! What the Parkwood lacks in flash, it makes up in kind, personal service. This place will leave you with a good feeling, wanting to return. Cheers!	
Mar 12 2008	Parkwood Hotel...what else?	Really nice hotel...the breakfast was good and the staff was really friendly.Just few meters from Marble Arch tube station, in front of Hyde Park.Good rates on top of it all if compared with other hotels situated far away from City centre.Really recommandable!	
Mar 9 2008	Would Recommend...	Would highly recommend this hotel. It is very well situated near Hyde Park, easy tube access. Was reasonable for London rates, beds very comfortable, breakfast excellent and staff efficient and friendly... what more could you ask.	
Jan 23 2008 	Decent place for the money	Our Background: My husband and I have travelled extensively in different comfort levels (from 5 star to 1 star), methods, etc. and currently live in NYC. I also lived in London for 6 months. Why does this matter? I just think it helps to give a bit of perspective.Overall, I'd say your enjoyment of the Parkwood Hotel depends on what you're looking for. My husband and I just wanted a clean, inexpensive place to sleep - nothing fancy. With that in mind, we enjoyed our stay. If you're looking for something with frills, etc you might be disappointed.The hotel common areas: Overall the hotel was a standard European 3 star - clean, small, and lived-in. Everything was in decent repair, and there was a small roof deck off the back. The breakfast room was in the basement and they served your typical English breakfast - eggs (scrambled, fried, or poached), baked beans, tomato, toast, sausage, and bacon (similar to Canadian bacon). They also had a variety of cereals, coffee, tea, and juice - which you could help yourself to. If you wanted any more of anything, you simply need to ask. Internet is in the lobby area, and it was rare to see anyone using it.The room: We stayed in room #9, which had a queen/double bed and en suite bathroom facing the street, third floor. Our room was small, but clean and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was recently redone - and the only thing I can point out there is that if you like or need a large shower, you might have a problem. The shower was small, but the spray was set to the wall and adjustable (not handheld, as is common). Another thing to note is that the bathroom door is pocket style - meaning it slides over the opening - so if you're not traveling as a couple, it might be slightly awkward. The room was warm in temperature, and the window could be opened. Street noise wasn't really an issue. It was a nice room and the walk up the stairs was certainly manageable!The location: Likely couldn't be beat for the price. The Underground is about two short blocks away, and there about 20 different bus stops in the area. If you want to get the most out of your stay in London, I urge you to use the bus system - it is so convenient from the hotel and very efficient. It'll give you a better sense of the city then the tube will. The neighborhood the hotel is in is quiet, and if you walk up Stanhope Place, you'll see small shops and nice restaurants. If you walk to Edgeware Road, there are still more pubs and restaurants. Plus the Sainsbury Local - which is perfect for incidentals and snacks. The cash machine also does not levy a charge for use. Oxford High Street begins at the Underground stop, and there is great shopping to be had there.I took several pictures of our room, the hotel, and other features to give everyone a sense of what they will be seeing at the Parkwood. Please feel free to email me with any questions.	
Jan 15 2008 	Great location	We are a family of 4 (2 teenagers) and stayed at the Parkwood hotel for 4 nights in December. It is very centrally located just around the corner from Hyde Park and a great place to base yourself in London.We arrived very early one morning and had a little bit of trouble getting in. (Even though they had arranged a car to pick us up from Heathrow) The reception does not open until 7.00. So a word of warning.... confirm your arrival time.Our room was on the fourth floor and there is no lift. The stairs are quite steep. We found our room to be very clean and comfortable but the decor was a little dated. The bedroom was a good size and the boys and a second room with 2 single beds. The bathroom was large and there was plenty of hot water.Two very positive notes about this hotel. 1. A great cooked breakfast is provided and if you want more to eat jsu ask. 2. Free internet access.If you are looking for a clean, comfortable hotel at a great price ( 99 pounds for a family), this is the hotel for you.	
Dec 26 2007 	Not a bad place to stay	This is a nice and clean place to stay in London. The room price was fine and the rooms were a good size for a family of 4. However, it lacked the warm and friendly B&amp;B atmosphere that I look for when staying at a B&amp;B. We were able to leave our luggage in the reception area until we could check in after our early arrival. The surrounding area provides a lot of restaurant and takes out options for those with small children with early nights. We felt quite safe in the surrounding area and it is a short walk from the Marble Arch tube stop. I recommend you take exit 11 from the tube station from Hyde Park. That will bring you closest to the hotel.Breakfast was fine. AS previously stated, it lacked the warm B&amp;B atmosphere that I expect. I specifically stay at B&amp;B's over hotel chains for the atmosphere and this hotel lacked it completely.	
Dec 19 2007 	The good and not so good news	Ok, so the good news first then. Breakfast was GREAT. Heaps of everything, wonderful for hungry children who have a busy day ahead, and the little breakfast room was tres cute. Another positive was the location - for this price I doubt it could be beaten and I have to say, waking up every morning to a view of Hyde Park and a pretty London street from our little balcony was an experience I will never forget. The Parkwood is close to everything - Marble Arch, Hyde Park, Oxford Street, a cash machine (just beside Sainsbury's and opposite Marble Arch) - you name it &amp; you could walk there if you're fit. The Big Red London Bus tour company sell tickets and leave from Marble Arch, so if you want to do one of those , which I highly recommend especially for children, it's easy to find. Our room was clean enough and the beds were comfortable, and I really liked the free internet access in the lobby. It was a decent sized room as well. Basic info - no lift, but tea, coffee, tv, phone and alarm clock in the rooms. On the down side: the room we had looked absolutely NOTHING like the picture, so be warned. It could be a somewhat shabby motel anywhere in the world. The bathroom door didn't close properly, the wash basin was in the main room as opposed to the bathroom and it had an absolutely disgusting smell coming from the drain. There were old frayed wires curling all over the balcony (unsightly and dangerous springs to mind) the window out to the balcony doesn't open all the way, which meant I almost knocked myself out smashing into it several times and the room was heated to about 400 degrees. It was really REALLY hot in there, like hard-to-breathe kind of hot. The manager also lost part of my booking and told me that we had already spent as much time as we had booked for, while I was on a bus to Stonehenge with my two young children, which was kind of scary and panicky. However in her defence, she was really apologetic about this once it was all sorted out, and these things do happen in the hotel industry, so no harm done there. (She also turned the heating down for us when I asked, which was kind and meant that we had a good nights sleep before we left). All in all, The Parkwood was ok - I would probably stay there again just for the location, especially if I was on a budget.	
Dec 7 2007 	Great location Good Services	We stayed at the Parkwood Hotel for fours nights in November. It was a good decision that we chose to stay in this hotel. Location is great and services are good. The hotel is in a very safe area and only few minutes walk to the tube and London City. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms and bathroom were very clean and comfortable. Breakfast was excellent and tasty. Internet access was provided free of charge! We would recommend this hotel to everyone because of perfect location, condition of hotel, quality of service and very good price.	
Dec 3 2007	Good Clean Centrally Located Accommodations	Let me be the first poster to say that contrary what a previous poster had stated, there are NO plastic sheets on the beds at this hotel. I had a single room which was small, but clean and comfortable. The breakfast was outstanding. The location is quite good and very central, only a short walk to the Marble Arch tube station and Hyde Park. It is on a quiet street. The complimentary internet was very much appreciated as it saved me money not having to go to an internet cafe.My room was not ensuite, but I found the bathroom to be immaculately clean and at no time was there anyone in it when I needed it.The staff was friendly and helpful. I would stay here again.	
Oct 28 2007 	Great Location basic bed 	The Parkwood is in a great location at Marble Arch, easy walking distance to many London attractions and also close to M A underground station and Hop on, Hop off bus stop is nearby, also a nice walk in the upmarket streeets of Mayfair closeby. The hotel is just off Hyde Park, walk to Oxford Street shopping, supermarket and nice little restaurants. (If you like Lebanese try Massis - reasonable prices - very good food)We had a basic, reasonably spacious (by London stanards) double room with small cubicle shower, the main room opening onto an ordinary courtyard.(handy for drying clothes in good weather) There was a separate toilet and basin off entry and also a storage area for our suitcase. The room was very clean and if you are out and about most of the time for a week like us enjoying shows and the London sites it is adequate for your needs at a value price of 79 pound per night for the week. The English breakfast each morning is basic but good in a quite nice little breakfast room .(no yoghurt or fresh fruit) Ida the lady who manages the hotel is friendly and helpful. Note: My husband would have preferred the room to have been a little more upmarket.(better bedding, bedcover, nicer curtains etc) so we will probably stay in a little better accommodation next time we visit however in the same location we will probably have to pay at least another 50 pounds per night extra. The hotel is definately value for money. This was our first time to London and we had a great time. If you want to see a really good, fun west end show we recommend &quot;We will rock you&quot; the musical with all the Queen hit songs. Fabbo	
Oct 28 2007 	Highly recommended	I highly recommend this hotel - great location in a quiet street just off Hyde Park - courteous, helpful and friendly staff - very good breakfast - clean rooms with plenty space - nice terrace - and good price. A great find.	
Oct 14 2007 	Unless you need plastic sheets AVOID!	We stayed one night at the Parkwood and that was one too many. The hotel is shabby, run down and in desperate need of some investment. The plastic sheets were the final nail.....Conversely customer service and the breakfast were good. Not to be recommended and I won't be going back.	
Oct 12 2007 	Pleased with Parkwood	I spent a few days at the Parkwood Hotel this September and my experience was very pleasant. I travel solo and I travel light. What I want from a hotel is a soft bed and a firm reservation. I got both from the Parkwood along with a smiling, helpful staff, a great location, a terrific English breakfast each morning, and all at a fair price. This establishment and its staff gave me everything I wanted and more. On returning from a visit to the continent I was upgraded at no charge when the placed filled up. One very helpful act was just making the reservation booking process so simple. My query Email was quickly returned and a short two minute phone call confirmed the reservation. Easy. There were no surprise when I arrived and none when I departed. One drawback for some may be the lack of an elevator. The building was most likely built as a private home and there are some stairs. Though it is a hotel it has the personal quality of a B&amp;B. I have no problem returning to the Parkwood on my next visit. It'll be the easiest part of planning my trip.G. GriffithNew York, USA	
Oct 8 2007 	parkwood hotel	I stayed in Parkwood in September for few days. This stay was very nice because the hotel is in the center of London, next to Hyde Park. But the most impotrant thing for me was the staff- very friendly and kind. I was on budged and the breakfast was included in price very good and tasty. I'm going to return in December with my family.	
Sep 20 2007 	Put Off at the Parkwood	The best I can say is that this B&amp;B is clean and reasonably priced. That's about it. Desperately needs renovating - starting with a coat of paint. My two major complaints are the surly staff who gave us the impression they couldn't care less if we enjoyed our stay or would ever come back; and the 'full English breakfasts'. I may never eat eggs again.	
Sep 3 2007 	Would definitely stay here again	We stayed at the Parkwood for three nights before heading to a family wedding in Essex. This isn't a luxury hotel, but the service was friendly, the rooms were clean and the hot breakfasts were fantastic. The location was perfect--just a few minutes walk to Hyde Park, Marble Arch subway station, plenty of good restaurants and lots of shopping. And the price was much cheaper than some of the other &quot;budget&quot; hotels we investigated while booking our trip. We definitely plan to stay here on our next trip to London.	
Aug 18 2007	Great little B	My son and I stayed at the Parkwood for 4 nights in June.I chose it after studying many tripadvisor reviews online of many London Hotels and found these reviews accurate.We were very happy with our choice and what you get for the price in Central London is excellent value.Sure, it's not the most modern hotel, but offers everything a traveller could want who is in London to see the sights, not laze in the lap of luxury in your room all day.Luckily I'm fit and strong (!!) as I had to lug my son's and my luggage up 3 flights of steep and narrow stairs. This was really the only negative of our stay - the room was clean and comfortable and spacious enough for the 2 of us.Breakfasts were excellent - my son couldn't believe his eyes each morning and didn't need lunch most days!!. A big plus was the free internet which my 10 year old and I used each night to keep in touch with our family back home in Australia.The staff were all lovely and friendly.The location was hard to beat - close to Oxford St shopping, Marble Arch tube and Hyde park - all minutes away. I felt very safe, even at night, returning home from a concert at Wembley Stadium after midnight.I would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it.	
Aug 14 2007 	More than a Hotel Rather Like Staying in a Friend's Home in the Heart of London	8/10/07I am now back in the United States having returned this past Wednesday and wish to take the time to thank you so much for all your kindness and consideration when I and my family stayed at your most pleasant establishment this past July.I was there for over one week... staying the first three days with my younger daughter in a wonderful, cozy room located in the basement right next to the lovely breakfast room and kitchen. It was very convenient and I truly felt like I was at home... being able to leave cold drinks in the refrigerator, etc. As I had arrived not feeling well, Gayle, the manager could not have been more solitious about my health and concerned that everything was alright with me. Actually, everyone could not have been more pleasant or more helpful.... and the rooms and breakfast were lovely.Later, when my other daughter and son in law arrived, we moved to the first floor into a front room with a wonderful window, right on the road, which we could open and see Hyde Park . We were all very happy in our room... and I appreciated the fact that since the family room had already been booked, the staff had no problem putting a rollaway bed in this 3 person room to accomodate the needs of my family. I think that rather sums up a great deal... the staff (more like family members, really) were most accomodating and helpful. It felt like we were staying in a family home... not a cold impersonal hotel. I would recommend Parkwood to one and all!!! Thank you again, I wish you all well, and should I have a reason to stay in London again you can rest assured I will be using the Parkwood.	
Aug 11 2007	Very pleasant staff	Had a lovely 2 nights stay. All the staff were very welcoming and helpful especially the male receptionist who looked up and printed directions for us. Breakfast was good and location was excellent. Would have preferred room to be slightly more updated but was comfortable and clean.Were able to leave luggage and shopping in reception all day after we had checked out. Overall the staff were very pleasant and we would defiiately come back to stay again.	
Aug 4 2007 	Passable	I booked a quad room July/2007 after reading reviews on Trip Advisor so in turn I would like to give people a few insights. The Parkwood has a great location and the staff were terrific. Breakfast was great and the place was clean. Near the Mcdonald's on Oxford street [ 2 min walk.] is a Sainsbury [ Chain grocery ] which provides chilled drinks and ready made foodstuffs ideal for family picnics which we had on the small terrace of the hotel.This is a huge money saver as London prices will bowl you over if you have a family to feed. The down side of this hotel is that it is dated as in tiny rooms at least the one we had was and most important unless you are in good shape do not and I repeat do not accept a room above the 2nd floor. There is no elevator and the climb is unbelievable especially with luggage. Unless you are in good shape do not stay in the high up rooms it takes away from the pleasure of being in London.	
Jul 18 2007 	Great Place to Stay in Centre of London	My fiancé and I stayed at the Parkwood hotel for 2 nights, 11 and 12 July. We loved it. The location cannot get much better if you want to be in the centre of London. The people working there are friendly and relaxed. The room is fine, breakfast is fantastic if not a little early for us. Great value for money. Extra bonus is the free internet which was always available the couple of times I wanted to surf the net, and the balcony where we sat out one night and had a drink which we bought at the nearby supermarket (which is open past midnight). You get a key so you can get in whenever you like as the reception is not open all night. We definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jul 15 2007 	Lovely Breakfast	The Bed and Breakfast was the high point of our trip. I highly recommend the full English Breakfast. The hotel is centrally located and provides easy access to the Metro.	
Jul 14 2007	Location Location Location	This friendly B&amp;B made London affordable for me and you couldn't find a more convenient location. You don't have to walk far to get a bus to just about anywhere in London and it's great to be so close to Hyde Park if you want a break from the hectic pace of the city. Parkwood is in a nice area that feels safe. At night I felt safe enough to get a bus back from the theatre on my own.I started in a single room with shared facilities on the top floor. I was prepared for stairs but soon found that I wasn't as fit as I thought. Still, I'm sure the exercise did me good especially since I found the smell of delicious bacon, sausages and eggs hard to resist each morning. When I was joined by family members, we experienced the family room and a triple room each with private facilities. We were happy with the rooms and slept well in all of them. It is great to be able to boil a jug for a cup of tea in your room and it's good there was a safe. I didn't mind the extra charge for using the safe because with this system you get a choice of whether you want to use it or not. We found the staff to be hardworking and helpful. When we went on a short trip for two nights, we were able to leave our large suitcases until we returned. If we are ever lucky enough to be able to visit London agin, we would be delighted to stay at Parkwood.	
Jul 8 2007	Great Little B	First off I must mention that Parkwood is a bed and breakfast and not a hotel. Therefore, as mentioned in previous reviews, it is customary that 1.) the front desk will not always be accessible and 2.) breakfast will be served early. Having stayed in numerous B&amp;B's in the U.S. these aspects were not surprising. The Parkwood was inexpensive, offered free breakfast, is clean, safe and in a great location, right near the Marble Arch station and Hyde Park. My only complaint was the 4th floor walk-up, but this is Europe and I aware of it before I arrived. I would highly recommend this establishment for anyone traveling to London who wants a quiet, nice place to stay that won't break the bank.	
Jul 2 2007 	Great Hotel Thanks!	Stayed four nights in June, selecting the Parkwood Hotel due to favorable reviews and location. Really enjoyed our stay there. The staff was very accomodating and helpful. The breakfast was delicious and plentiful; the young lady serving the tables works very hard to please the guests. The rooms were nice and the private bathrooms were spacious and obviously recently remodeled (at least they appeared to be modern and in new condition). The location is great. Its on quiet street right across from Hyde Park. Its only a one minute walk to a bus stop with a route that goes to Victoria Station, making it easy to catch a train to Gatwick. Just a little further walk (5 minutes) is the Marble Arch metro and other major bus stops. Also within a very short walk (on the way towards the metro station) is a grocery store where we were able to purchase fruit and munchies for the day. In that same area is a laundrymat should you need one. Hopefully, we can visit London again, and will certainly stay at the Parkwood. The Carnahans.	
Jul 2 2007 	Not impressed!	I booked this hotel for my managers as they are staying in London for an evening event not far from this hotel in July. I was told that I could not give the hotel credit cards details over the phone and had to send them a fax with the credit card details and a signature from the person whose credit card I was using. This person has now been charged for staying at the hotel even though they are not staying there for another two weeks! Normally you use a credit card as security against a room and get charged when you leave.Also I have been told that if I wish to cancel a room it has to be at least TWO days before otherwise we get charged for the room, oh, and the hotel reception desk, closes at 10pm in the evening! I will not be using this hotel again, too much hassle and that is before my managers have stayed there!!	
Jun 17 2007	Great Hotel that fit my budget and clean!!!	What a great place to stay. The staff and manager were wonderfull. They answered all of our questions when we had to inquire about restaurants, attractions, directions etc..The free internet was great as well. We loved the area as we felt safe and clean, the hotel is also a 1 min walk to Hyde Park. We were very close to great shopping and outdoor patio restaurants. The breakfast included with the room was fantastic. This place fit our budget and let us really enjoy London. I will return someday and will most likely stay at the Parkwood Hotel again. Thank you for a great stay.	
Jun 11 2007 	Loved it!!!	What a great hotel!! I used Trip Advisor for reviews of the Parkwood and I wasn't disappointed. 'We stayed there one month ago and I can wholeheartedly say that this hotel is a gem in London. Let's start at the beginning of the trip so you can see just how great this place is. First of all, there's someone at the desk all the time. We had an extremely easy check-in, and given 2 room keys (one for us and one for our sons) and also a front door key. We arrived early and were given the rooms that we were expecting on the main floor. We had the only two rooms on that floor and we didn't hear any noise coming from the reception room next door or from the dining area downstairs. This hotel is extremely quiet. We felt so comfortable and safe here. Breakfast is a real treat!! A full English breakfast cooked to order and the portions are huge. We didn't eat again until late at night. They would have even held our breakfast for us if we wanted to sleep in. The owners and their staff are so friendly. The rooms are really sweet. I felt like we were sleeping in a friend's house. The bathrooms have got great water pressure, really good in-room coffee and tea service, the beds are really, really comfortable and after all that wandering about London we didn't take long to fall asleep. The computer in the front lounge is open to everybody and it's free. Everyone respected the 15 minute rule if someone was waiting to use the computer, but if there was noone waiting you could use it all you wanted. The staff is great at helping you out with anything you need. The first night there was a problem with the t.v. and within 5 minutes it was being serviced. A great location right at Marble Arch, a really precious area of town and within 5 minutes of a bus stop to take a bus back to Stansted Airport. I would definitely stay here again. My philosophy is that once we've found a place that can exceed our expectations, why go anywhere else? A real gem, a real great value considering London's room rates. Try it, you'll like it.	
May 27 2007 	attitude problems	The rooms were ok,not great, but the big problems were:1.Our room was on the fourth floor, no elevator. When we wanted to check out we asked for someone to carry our suitcases down the stairs, which were very steep, the answer was- the porter does not work on weekends, so there is nothing they can do. is that service?2.When we checked out we were very surprised to see a 2 pound charge for each day we used the safe in our room. this has never happened to us in any hotel worldwide. When trying to talk with the girl at the desk she said there's nothing she can do. Her attitude was not the one you would expect in a hotel you spend a lot of money to stay at. We asked to speak with the manager and she said that is not possible, the manager will be back in two days... There was noone to talk with.We will not go back to this hotel.	
Apr 30 2007	Doudtful	We used Tripadvisor to choose this hotel near Marble Arch and were impressed by previous reviews - but, has ownership changed because we did not recognise all the positive details or the AA three star rating since we got a room in the basement.Location - good. Breakfast - good - but it always felt a bit early to be chased from the breakfast room by the laying of tables and the covering with cloths before 9 a.m. We spent the entire week trying to convince the reception that is was usual for each guest to have one hand towel and one bath towel. Rooms run down and do not compare to the pictures and reviews that we read.We = my daughter and granddaughter, my wife and myself will not be staying there againBryan Manktelow, Sweden	
Apr 15 2007 	Loved the Parkwood Hotel and London	My two daughters and I stayed at the Parkwood Hotel for five nights, we were welcomed warmly by the manager, we were in a very safe area and quaint. The room was large enough for us , we were out most of the day and found the location perfect for easy acess to the tube and London City. The room was very clean, which was paramount for us, and the bathroom as well. We found all rooms in Europe to be small and bathrooms also, these are old buildings this is not a four star hotel but a great reasonable alternative. Down the street was a grocer, pharmacy and laundry mat. Breakfast was traditional English with good coffee, service pleasant. They also have internet access which was very nice to have. We would stay here again, enjoy and feel comfortable with this selection. We stayed in room number four with a very large window which we kept open most of the time.	
Mar 10 2007 	How Nice!	I stayed here for 5 nights from January 4th 2007. This is the best cheaper end of the market hotel I've stayed in since I stopped living in the UK, and thank god as I've stayed in a few awful places. Yes, it has no lift, the alarm clock/radio in the room didn't work, the TV remote wasn't working properly and the decoration could be better but none of these really bothered me that much enough that I wouldn't want to stay here again. I'm really glad I stayed here and with the always happy/smiling ladies serving you the morning breakfast etc. it added a lovely atmosphere, which unfortunately I couldn't add to not being a very good morning person... :-|An old converted building that was probably built for wealthy families in mind who could afford live in cleaners/cooks/servants etc. now being used as a hotel, though some might like to call it a 'Bed &amp; Breakfast' but whatever, it's now a favorite of mine... for the time being at least.	
Mar 4 2007	First rate service cool accomodations...	I took at trip to London with my mom and stayed at Parkwood Hotel. It was an excellent experience.As an American travelling to England with my mom, I was hoping the experience would be as smooth as possible... Indeed, staying at the Parkwood Hotel was a very smooth experience. I will divide the review in three categories as shown:CUSTOMER SERVICE:Prior to my arrival, I emailed the Hotel Staff with two questions on seperate occasions. My emails were answered almost immediately, in fact, one was answered in minutes. The website answered all of our other questions.We arrived very early, and the hotel staff greeted us and allowed us to leave our luggage in their office until check-in time.Since this is the first time I stayed at a bed and breakfast, I really was impressed how much this was like a &quot;home away from home.&quot; For example, if you need to use a microwave, you simply go to the kitchen and do so. If you want more tea, you can go take it from the kitchen. While the staff seemed more than happy to do everything asked, it is nice to have the ability to get things on our own. There is a Full English breakfast served daily at the Parkwood. It consisted of beans, tomatoes, sausage, bacon, eggs (any way you like), and toast, coffee, tea, cerial, and a varity of juices. The staff kept offering us food until we indicated that we were full. I must say that after a random sampling of restaurants up and down Edgeware Rd., the Full English Breakfast at the Parkwood was among the best food we enjoyed in England.Upon leaving the hotel, we actually forgot to turn in our room keys. We called the hotel and they were quite understanding and simply asked us to mail them back at our convenience (as they would change the keys until then). LOCATION:The hotel is about 2 blocks form the Marble Arch Underground station. There are bus stops within 1 block. Much shopping can be done nearby as the hotel is near Edgeware Road and Oxford Street. Very useful to us was the Sainsbury's Local on the corner of Edgeware Rd and Oxford Street (This location has a FREE ATM (no surcharge from the owner) on the outside of the building). We used this ATM exclusively to obtain Pounds - which we found to be a very cheap way to convert dollars to pounds. The second most useful place just down the Oxford Street is Boots, a full service pharmacy and drugstore... There is also a Carphone Warehouse near the corner of Edgeware Rd and Oxford St.). The Parkwood Hotel is located just outside the zone in Central London where the Congestion Fee is in effect, though parking might be difficult near the hotel (we did not use a car in London). Just down the street from the Hotel is the northeast corner of Hyde Park.THE PROPERTY:The Hotel is a converted house that has all the outward appearance of the one seen on BBC Drama &quot;Upstairs, Downstairs&quot;. The exterior is clean and appears to be well maintained.Inside, it is filled with old-world charm and is well maintained for it's age. You must keep in mind that you are staying in a very old converted residence, not some specially designed luxury hotel. The rooms are smallish (most with their own bathrooms). Our room, number 12, had a telephone (which one paid for each use), safe (costing 2 GBP per day on the honour system), trouser press, electric kettle, television, alarm clock, and two beds. There was one window which functioned well and opened onto Stanhope Place.Our bathroom in room 12 had a shower, toilet, and sink. The facilities were clean and in working order.Electricity was available in the room by two switched BS-1363 sockets as well as a plug in the bathroom mirror (which had a 120/240 V switch on it). All were in working order. The halls are decorated with some period paintings and other art. There is no lift, so you must walk up and down the stairs. I really recommend that you have have trouble with stairs, you talk to the hotel staff before arrival so that they can help you make your reservations, they genuinely seem to want to make everyone happy. Our room was up 5 flights of carpeted stairs which got steeper as you ascended. I explored the building and looked around in the kitchen after hours. There were no bugs of any kind seen.I would stay at the Parkwood Hotel on my next visit. It is a true piece of history and a welcoming place for people wanting experience a real English bed and breakfast.	
Feb 21 2007	A Beautiful Stay in Parkwood Hotel	We were very lucky to had the opportunity to stay in this hotel, Parkwood Hotel. The staff were very friendly and nice to us, especialy the receptionist Ida from Lithuania. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. Breakfast was excelent and tasty. We would recomend to stay in this hotel for everyone, because of perfect location and condition of hotel and the very good price...	
Feb 20 2007 	An Absolute Gem of a Hotel	I stayed at the Parkwood hotel for 10 days in February. I wish I could have stayed longer. It was absolutely lovely. I do not know how ANYBODY could have a problem with this hotel! The room was immaculate, the views from either side of the hotel were amazing, the location could not be beat (I figured this out quickly, but was also reminded of this by any taxi driver that dropped me off during my trip), the staff were the friendliest I have encountered. What more can I say about this place? I have traveled Europe extensively and have never been to a hotel like this. The staff bent over backwards to make sure I was happy!!! Truly, I could rave on for hours about The Parkwood. The rooms are on the smaller side, yes (it's a converted townhouse). And the absence of a lift was only a small nuisance(reception offered to have someone bring my bags up for me!). But, if you want to actually experience where you are staying in the world, don't stay in a Holiday Inn!!! This is a European Hotel. It is beautiful. I have recommended it to friends and family and will definitely be coming back. A little tip to those of you who will be taking taxis during your trip, take one of the little maps that are provided at reception, the hotel is tucked away in a residential area, so it can be hard for the drivers to find. (It is about a 2-5 minute walk from the Marble arch tube station and incredibly easy to find on foot, so no worries there, I promise)I can't say enough about The Parkwood. Go stay and see for yourself. It is an absolute GEM.	
Feb 7 2007	friendly value for your pound	stayed 2 weeks and I had to give plenty of warnings to secure the extra days as the hotel fills up quickly. I stayed while on buisness then went to manchester and came back and stayed another 3 nights. The rate was £35 with full English perfectly cooked breakfast and I should know as I have owned 12 food establisments and traveled the world being also in the fashion industry. I stay in hotels up to 10 times per year for the last 37 years. this hotel is a quick walk to Marbel Arch tube very safe area as this is where Tony Blair is thinking of living, and Madona lives 2 blocks away. A lovely Welsh woman and her daughter look after the place and are always extreamly helpful giving it a family feel which spreads through all the staff. I am writing this because I heard that someone changed their mind about staying at the Parkwood and threatend if they couldent get their money back they would right a bad reveiw to this web site, to me this person is just an angry person in general and wants to cheat the system regarding reservations. you will enjoy your stay as I am always in the reception on the computer when people are booking out(free use) enjoy your stay next time I will bring my wifeKeith Ford (living in Asia)	
Feb 6 2007 	Charming and very welcoming	I stayed in this LOVELY small Hotel in London with my Husband for a few days, and was delighted by the great staff, the good food (full English breakfast till you drop) and the location! Its perfectly silent, and still in the mid of this lively metropolitan. The staff was extreemly friendly and welcomming, helped us out with valuable information just about anything!Deffinately want to go back there next time in London! Can only recommend it!	
Jan 12 2007 	Very very disappointing!!	We stayed in this &quot;hotel&quot; for two nights recently.I was treating my four guests to a stay in london. From the moment we stepped inside the building I knew it was a major FLOP! There is no lift, no bar, and no residents lounge. All one can do to relax is sit in the shabby, run-down bedroom. I was very cross as the website is misleading and we did not get value for money. The staff are friendly but this does not compensate for the lack of facilities. It feels like it hasn't had a facelift since the late sixties and is sadly lacking in attention. I would advise anyone thinking of staying here to look around and don't be fooled into thinking its a pretty, attractive, small hotel - it isn't, its a shabby B&amp;B!!	
Nov 17 2006	Lovely warm atmosphere	We stayed at the Parkwood Hotel last June and absolutely loved it. The room was spotless, the staff were very helpful and the breakfast was wonderful. We wanted to stay in central London (Hyde Park is literally around the corner) and we were not disappointed. With such a wide offer of accommodation available, it is not always easy to choose a hotel in London but we were very lucky to find the Parkwood and we would certainly recommend it.	
Nov 9 2006 	Great Location 	I have just spent a few days at the Parkwood hotel and thought it was great. It was so close to everything, Marble Arch, Oxford Street, theatres restaurants, Paddington Station and so getting to Heathrow was easy. The price for being this close to everything I needed was very reasonable indeed. The rooms were clean, well kept and there are numberous types of rooms to choose from - we had a family accomodation where the kids slept in a side room so they had their own privacy but we were able to keep an eye on them still. The staff were very pleasant and professional with it. I have no hesitation in staying there again as it was just what I was looking for.	
Oct 9 2006	don't go there!	I spent last weekend in this 'hotel' and it was one of the worst experiences I have ever made. After having read the reviews of your pages I thought it would be a rather nice hotel and I booked me and my partner into it. What expected us was a shabby run down place! Admittedly they had tried to make it up some time ago but already the wallpaper came down, the grout and the silicon in the bathrooms dissolves, the carpets are torn everywhere, water stains in the ceiling and so on ... all in all it gave a very shabby impression. We spent the first night in a room where it was almost impossible to sleep. The matress was so bad that you could feel every spring. We slept maybe 4 hours that night as it was so uncomfortable. This was even worse as we were in London for a seminar and so where very tired on the Saturday. The safe in the room did not work which left us with a bit of a problem as we had an expensive notebook with us which we wanted to lock there.We had to move to another room for the next night and it got even worse. The curtains were torn and hung down sadly, the toilet worked badly and you could only flush after several attempts and the basin was totally blocked.In order to add something nice... yes the girls who run the hotel are very friendly and polite but this does not help if you get rooms like this!I find this place hugley overpriced. We stayed in the Bayswater area in the past in bed and breakfast accommodations which were 50 to 60 Pounds. Nothing special, also quite shabby places but... why should I pay 39 Pounds more for the Parkwood Hotel if it is as shabby as these places.We will defenitely never go back there and I can only recommend to everyone to avoid this place!	
Aug 24 2006	very very nice hotle	Very nice hotel with very kind staff greeting you as old friends, exellent situated in London,near to Oxford Street and Hyde Park, walkingdistance to a lot of places. Very quiet. Wonderfull breakfast. Nice bathrooms - I can realy recommend this hotel, and we dream of going there angain.	
Aug 16 2006 	Loved it!	Having never been to London, and floundering around for days on the Internet to figure out where to stay, I finally settled on the Parkwood for our destination. I knew the staff was going to be wonderful (and they were) because they were so helpful when I was booking the room several months ago. Every email I sent them, they got back to me in very short order, and gave lots of advise on what we should be doing, transportation, theater, etc.On the taxi ride to the hotel, I was very nervous about what we would encounter - but as soon as we got there, and went inside, I was assured that it was just as nice as the Internet showed. We had just been traveling for 3 weeks in France and Italy, and this hotel/B&amp;B was very nice in comparison to some that we had stayed in. The price was very good compared to almost everything else I could find in and around London. The location is outstanding. Being so close to the tube station was great - we got to be quite the adventerous &quot;tube travelers&quot; duirng our stay. The breakfast was amazing compared to what we had been used to, served by a very gracious staff. They had a computer available for guests for limited Internet access. The rooms were clean and comfortable. Seriously, what more could you ask for? We spent all day and night out and about London, going to the typical tourist locations and going to shows. It was nice to come back late at night to the Parkwood, sleep and get up the next day to start again.The ONLY negative I could even possibly say is they don't have an elevator. Oh well, pack light. We realized that anyway after our first train ride in Europe, that we WAY overpacked for our trip. A mistake we won't make again. Staying in a small, quaint place such as the Parkwood was exactly what I was looking for in our stay. You can stay in a Holiday Inn anytime, anywhere.	
Jun 6 2006 	A wonderful Bed and Breakfast Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the hotel in March. It is the most charming and friendly hotel we have ever stayed in throughout Europe. We have stayed there the past 10 years while on vacations and business 3 to 4 times a year. It is always very clean and the staff is superb. All of them go out of their way to see we are comfortable and our room is up to standard. It always is. We are always greeted with a big hello and offered help with our luggage. They will arrange a taxi or theatre tickets for you and even tell you which bus to take to get to wherever you are going. I have been in the reception area many times and have never seen a staff member be discourteous. We have recommended the hotel to other friends and clients and they find it as charming as we do. The dining room is a cozy elaxing room and a really nice place to sit and plan your day or talk about the day before. The staff in there are very cordial and are always interested in hearing about what the guests have seen and done. And the brealfast is great!We highly recommend the hotel. We would not stay anyplace else. The hotel has a very relaxing atmosphere and since Hyde Park is only across the street we really enjoy going there to walk and admire the park. The hotel is in a wonderful location as the Whitely Mall is only about 5 miles down Bayswater. We call The Parkwood our home away from home.Sincerely,Virginia Northern	
Mar 16 2006	OK but wouldn't stay again	I stayed at this hotel for three days in autumn 2005. It is close to Marble Arch and therefore only a short walk to Oxford Street. The area is quite nice and in direct vicinity of Hyde Park. Breakfast is included in the price, served in a nice room in the basement and was excellent and large.I had booked a room via the internet and was not aware, that it did not include a bathroom. It was on one of the top floors, very small, the furniture was not very nice. Overall it was not inviting. As the hotel was not fully booked I could luckily move to a much nicer room with ensuite bathroom. Of course I had to pay a bit more for that, but was happy not to have to stay in the other room. The bathroom was new, but not quite clean. The shower was a bit mouldy. On the second day I discovered that the sheets on my bed were also not quite clean. These were not changed during my visit either. The room faced Stanhope Place and although this is a street without much traffic you can hear the heavy traffic from the main road, which is close.I stayed in worse places when I was a student on a lower budget, but I don't think I will stay at the Parkwood Hotel again, as it is too expensive for what you get.	
Feb 18 2006	Enjoyed the Parkwood very much.	Best value in Central London. My husband and I stayed at the Parkwood for 8 nights and were very comfortable. We were in a cozy suite on the ground floor with a private balcony and enjoyed it very much. It is an older hotel, and some of the furnishings and linens are a little on the shabby side, but everything was clean and I've never seen better for this price. The complimentary full English breakfast was excellent and made to order. It's quite close to the tube and Oxford Street, but was very quiet and private. I certainly will stay in this hotel again.	
Feb 18 2006	An absolute gem!		
Aug 25 2005	Home away from home		
Aug 15 2005 	my stay at the Parkwood Hotel		
Apr 21 2005	You'll Be Crazy to Stay Here !!!!		
Oct 9 2004	Parkwood Hotel		
Aug 6 2004	Shabby but good value		
Jul 3 2004	This is a B		
Apr 17 2004	Perfect for Us!		
Mar 13 2004	disappointing		
Sep 30 2003	Don't stay here no matter what!		
Oct 25 2009 	Buen Hotel		
Sep 11 2009 	ve lo consiglio!!!		
Aug 18 2009 	Accueil chaleureux et confort		
Jun 7 2009 	Beste Lage - sehr nettes Hotel!		
May 12 2009 	Perfekte Lage - anständige Preise - gemütliche Atmosphäre und ein Lächeln umsonst!		
Mar 15 2009 	Petit hôtel simple propre et bien situé dans londres!		
Oct 7 2008 	TOP Lage:15 Schritte bis Hyde Park15 Min. bis Oxford Street! Einfach+zweckmäßig		
Jun 25 2008	Oma (70) und Kind (7) waren begeistert!		
Nov 27 2006 	Ein wunderbares kleines Hotel		
