	Welcoming Staff!	The reception staff was very welcoming and very helpful even in the late hours of night. The hotel is nice, very well located. The room was basic, a bit small with very basic furniture. The bathroom however is really nice with multiple amenities. Breakfast during the week end is really good, on weekdays however there is a limited choice but you can always ask the staff for hot food.The only negative comment is the hours of opening of the bar. It closes on 11 pm on a Sunday.	
Nov 21 2009 	Great Hotel great location	My Husband and I stayed here last weekend for a weekend in London.We both work for an airline and as such frequently stay in luxury hotels around the world and therefore have very high expectations. We were not disappointed by the Trafalgar.We checked in around 8pm and the guy on reception was very friendly and chatted to us about our room choice. He explained the hotel was full and he was unable to give us a room with a nice view as they were all taken but his attitude was very pleasant.We arrived at our room which was unfortunately a smoking room - we booked late and it was all they had left. Upon exiting the lift we were met with a strong aroma of cigarette smoke - only to be expected for a smoking floor... We were a bit worried but our room did not smell at all. A great relief!The room was very spacious with a flat screen TV and good standard amenities. Good selection of TV channels too. The bathroom was a nice size with bath robes and everything we used was replaced the next day – not always the case in my experience!We were very impressed by the location and room size and also 2 wardrobes – plenty of hangers. The view was the rear of the hotel but there was still a lot of light in the room.The day we checked out I went down to the reception desk and there was a large queue. The porter immediately came up to me and offered to store my suitcase for me for the day – a nice touch. I asked his advice on the best route to Liverpool Street and mentioned what time I was meeting my friend. He checked my bill for me and as I had left a credit card number on check in he said he would get the receptionist to use that and have a copy of the bill waiting for me when I returned to collect my luggage so I didn’t have to wait.– outstanding service! When I returned that evening it was ready for me – and was correct! We very much enjoyed our stay here and would definitely return – maybe to room with a view – the next level up!	
Nov 16 2009 	Good Location but stayed at better hotels for less money	We booked into the Trafalgar and was greeted at reception by very friendly staff,we were checked into a corner room on the fourth floor which was tiny,and the bathroom not big enough for 2 people to stand in.Rang reception and was told that an upgrade was available at a cost, we took the upgrade at an extra £50 per night, the new room was much bigger but the bathroom was just as small,yes i agree there is alot of technology in the rooms if you class a tv,stereo and dvd player technology. Overall the hotel is in a great central location for everything,but i have stayed in better hotels for less money.Definately not a five star hotel,more likely a 3+.	
Nov 11 2009 	Great trendy hotel in the heart of it all	This was a great hotel - I went for my 40th birthday trip (using Hilton points), and had tickets to hit the Patriots Tampa Football game at Wembley - GO PATS!I was so worn out from the previous 5 days in Ireland that I was out of gas by the time I arrived, and literally planned to use this room to sleep and soak my weary feet as I tackled all those things I had made plans to do. I didn't think I would utilize the great service that I'd heard about, but I did end up taking staff help, partially because they kept offering it! The staff was among the best of any place I've ever stayed. We were welcomed with a bottle of wine in our room. And every time I walked in the hotel I felt like they were just dying to do something nice for me! Whether it was to show me the roof bar (which was closed) at both the day and the night, to help me sell an extra pair of Patriots tickets, to make sure I was having a good time, etc. etc I really felt hospitality like I haven't felt at any other hotel. They set up the &quot;front desk&quot; as an open area so there is no barrier between you and the staff, which I think they do on purpose to be more approachable. You are definitely never waiting, and when they address you by name you feel more like a guest at a friend's house as opposed to one of many travellers checking in.I called the front desk a couple times for little things like help opening the french windows, utensils, hair dryer etc and someone was there within minutes with a smile on their face. I hardly ever call the hotel front desk because I hate to bother people, but they were actually making me feel like I was UNDER-utilizing them. The rooms themselves were nice. We stayed on the 2nd floor facing the back and was a little noisy - but it was also Trafalgar Sq so we expected it. We also had the windows open. The bathroom was incredible. So nice and like a spa. I did not use the expensive wi-fi. If you have a laptop go to the coffee/sandwich-shop outside the hotel and to the right - they have free wi-fi. Otherwise use the computer in the business center for 5lbs for 30 minutes. or go to the visitors center on regent st (5 minute walk) for 20 minutes computer use for about 2 pounds!I didn't try the hotel food but it looked good, and the atmosphere was great. I wish I wasnt't so tired so I could have enjoyed it more!Try to hit a musical at one of the local theaters - we saw &quot;We Will Rock You&quot; at the Dominion (one tube stop away). I also got a reflexology and ear candling treatment around the corner at 25 Royal Opera Arcade (Off Pall Mall) at a place called Synerge. Also make sure to make use of the visitors center just to the left when you exit the hotel - get huge discounts on theater and other attractions like Madame Tussaude' s. overall GREAT hotel - I would stay again if I could afford it, but that is a stretch without Hilton points. Make sure to stay long enough to see the main things in walking distance - Buckingham Palace down Pall Mall Rd, Big Ben just down the Strand, the London Eye, the Thames, and Picadilly Circus (the opposite direction of the other places). If you are a history fan see the Ben Franklin house on Craven St, and the Shakespeare Globe Theatre (reconstructed) also nearby. Tower Bridge is also a &quot;don't miss&quot; - i think one or 2 tube stops away. Renting bikes at London Bicycle Tour company helps if you get tired of walking.Only get the London Pass if you plan on being out 12 hours a day doing the things on the Pass. We found it not to be worth it - not enough time to get your money's worth and a lot of things misadvertised on the pass-handbook. Enjoy this hotel as a great base, and a beautiful and welcome place to come back to everyday!	
Nov 2 2009 	Excellent Location	The Trafalgar Hotel was a great location. The staff were very helpful and accomidating.We received a full breakfast every morning. We traveled to Africa and asked the hotel to keep our &quot;Europe luggage&quot; while in Africa. When we returned to London, our luggage had been stored with no charge. The foof top bar was very nice and the room attractive and spacious.	
Oct 29 2009 	Beautiful hotel great location	the rooms here are amazing and huge even for a basic room. I was very surprised. the room is great and the bathroom huge. Loved the huge shower adn the ammenities. the hotel lobby is very trendy and I love how it is set up more like part of the bar. The location could not be better on trafalgar squre close to Charring cross.The only complain I would have is that internet is 15 pounds a day which is really high and any phone calls are very expensive. I would stay here again if I could get a good rate like I did which made up for the other high expenses. Excellent service.	
Oct 25 2009 	Dr John at the Trafalgar	One of the best Hilton properties I have had the pleasure to visit in over 30 years of business travel. Seems to be patterned upon the W model, with minimalist rooms (i.e. very little storage) and high tech electronics. Excellent location, very professional staff. Restaurant on lower level was a great breakfast location. Our room looked out upon Trafalgar Square, a location befitting an HHonors Diamond VIP, in my opinion. Thank you Trafalgar.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great location very nice hotel	You wont find the Hilton name anywhere here as it looks as if they are trying to be very &quot;W&quot;-like. Funky casual lobby bar is loud and I would not suggest a room on the first floor. The rooms however are very nice but stark. They are modern and the bathrooms are large and comfortable. My room had both a large bath and stall shower. Fantastic location. I could walk to everything.	
Oct 19 2009 	Awesome lcoation and hotel	This is a fabulous hotel. Service was exceptional. Location was fabulous. Close to many resturants, sites such asBuckingham Palace and best of all Theater District. The staff was alway willing to provid helpful tips durig th stay. The room was also great. I have found a hotel in London that meets all of my needs.	
Oct 16 2009 	Location is great but I expected more	We arrived rather early but they booked us in early which was great, I didn't feel welcome straight away was rather dissapointed, we are a younger couple but they kind of looked down on us because of it which is a shame. The room was ok, I didnt recieve any complimentary anything, didnt get offered an upgrade being a silver hilton member I thought i mite as it didnt look as though the hotel was that busy. It seems as though the hotel was more interested in being a bar at night than a hotel. The breakfast was poor we ordered off of the A la carte menu and it was just not up to standards, they did refund that but still left my partner feeling sick for a few days. I would probably only stay there again for the location. The restaurant staff were rude and whispered just didn't give you a comfortable feeling.	
Oct 13 2009 	Couldn't fault	Spent two nights, wish we could have stayed longer, everything was perfect.	
Oct 12 2009 	Cool Without Being Cold	This hip Hilton brand hotel is located at Trafalgar Square, a perfect location to explore London's swish areas, experience the theatre scene, or be in the middle of the cool urban vibe of the city. Our room was huge, even by North American standards, with all the mod cons needed in today's world, with generous high-end amenities provided by Temple Spa. The most startlingly thing about this hotel, though, is the incredible staff overseen by a Canadian general manager. This made our stay the most pleasant we had ever experienced in all four corners of the world. We had never felt so welcomed and so at home. The staff accommodated us when our previously-booked hotel experienced a flood while we were enroute to London, and we booked The Trafalgar at Heathrow and were given the rate quoted by the first hotel. In fact, we are so taken with The Trafalgar, that we are currently planning a return trip. London is spectacular, and at the end of a busy day, we simply go home to The Trafalgar.	
Oct 11 2009 	Location Location Location	The Hilton Trafalgar rocks! The location was awesome- everything was walking distance from this hotel and very only a block from the tube. I was there in early Dec and Christmas lights and markets were in full swing, and it was just so easy to hop out of the hotel to go somewhere. One night we hung out at the Trafalgar Square as they had some performers at a &quot;Talking Lion&quot; in the Square. The hotel beds were heavenly (especially after 2+weeks of traveling in Spain and Portugal staying in non-chained hotels). The bathroom was huge. The breakfast at the hotel was awesome, they even had a guy playing the guitar. I sat there for a few hrs as he had a nice voice and reminded me of JAck Johnson. The hotel also has a hip bar, so it was easy to grab a drink with friends at night. I just love this Hilton! It's just too bad that the Hiltons oversees are so much better then the Hiltons in the country!	
Oct 8 2009 	Very Convenient Comfortable Hotel	Attentive staff, very welcoming. Clean rooms, particularly spacious for area. Convenient location - many restaurants within easy walking distance, underground stations, bus stops aplenty.	
Oct 8 2009 	A striking one of the Best trendy HILTON hotels we stayed in...	I guess, we were really lucky that we decided on staying at this Hilton property. Even though, the Trafalgar is part of Hilton family, there is no sign of Hilton you can see on the building. It is located in the heart of London - Trafalgar Square. The reception area is part of a very nice lounge / bar. The lounge serves breakfast in the morning and turns into a place to party at night with a DJ. The hotel has one of very few Rooftop restaurants in the area - with a view of all major London attractions - Trafalgar Square, London Eye, Houses of Parliament, St. Paul Cathedral, etc. The staff is very friendly and will go above and beyond to help you. The rooms and bathrooms were spacious and luxurious. Our teenage kids also loved it. We all enjoyed our stay at this hotel and wished we had few more days to spend there.	
Oct 8 2009 	Trendy modern hotel in a great location	London was a beginning and ending point for our trip. The hotel is very conveniently located. Buckingham palace is a nice stroll away as are Big Ben and Parliment, not to mention Trafalgar square. The tube is very close, walking distance even with luggage. They have a wonderful breakfast spread and the rooftop bar offers wonderful views, especially at night, during the warm season. Other than the fire alarm that went off at 7am and then consiquently having to evacuate the building in our PJ's, it was a wonderful place to stay.	
Oct 6 2009 	Fantastic Location	Partner and I stayed here for three nights at the conclusion of our holiday around France and UK. Of the hotels we stayed at in UK this was by far the best - I just wish the hotels I stay in for work in Australia were this fantastic!The location is central for lots of activities - being right in Trafalgar Square, yet the hotel itself is pleasingly quiet. I had a room facing into a laneway - but I never spend much time in the hotel room, so who cares about the view.The staff were exceedingly helpful and honest. Had a drink at Upper Rockwell on the first evening in London and had intended for dinner at Lower Rockwell. The bar staff recommended dinner in the bar because it is a more relaxed environment.Overall - the rooms are spacious, beds are comfortable, hotel environment is well maintained, and the staff are easy to deal with.	
Oct 1 2009 	Best Hotel in London	My wife and I recently returned from our first trip to London. We are very particualr about hotels and usually lean toward Hiltons because of their service and high standards. The Trafalgar Hotel is a Hilton hotel but it is not marketed as such. The first thing that you will notice upon entering the hotel is the minimalist decor. You enter through a very &quot;hip&quot; bar and at first glance the reception area is not obvious. It is quietly tucked away in a corner with no signage. As you enter your room it is sparkingly clean and crispy decorated. The bathroom is very large by European standards and has a seperate glass enclosed shower and over-sized tub. Our room was on two levels. The first level housed the king-sized bed. Three steps up led to the second level with a television and chaise lounge. The over-sized window looked out to Trafalgar Square. Because of the double-paned window th eroom was absolutely quiet. The service is impeccible. The concierge will take care of your every need from booking trips to making reservations for restuaruants &amp; theatres and confirming transportation bookings. The rooftop bar on the 6th floor offers a commanding view of London. Breathtaking! Walk outside your door and there in front of you is Trafalgar Square, the BEST location in London. This hotel is close to everything: theatres, shopping restaurants, the tube etc. London is fantastic and the Trafalgar Hotel made it that much better! Cheers!	
Sep 30 2009 	Another excellent stay in the heart of London	This has been my 4th stay at The Trafalgar which as the name suggests is at the heart of Trafalgar Square and therefore the heart of London. The hotel continues to have a very professional and friendly feel, it is always nice to receive that &quot;Welcome back&quot; when you check in. We received a complimentary upgarde and our room had the most amazing view of Nelsons column we had been lucky enough to have this room on one other occasion and a better view in London would be hard to find. The rooms are of a modern &quot;business&quot; style and there could certainly be no complaints about the housekeeping, the room and indeed all areas of the hotel are kept spotlessly clean. I would higly recomend this hotel for both business and leisure. It's position within the heart of the city would be hard to beat.	
Sep 29 2009 	Now that's a refreshing change	Stayed with my wife for her birthday and what a fantastic surprise. From the moment we checked in at 9.30 a.m. the team were fantastic and service excellent. Roof terrace for a cool beer and glass of wine, very generous room with a view of Trafalgar Square, and fantastic buffet breakfast the next morning. We'll definitiely return.	
Sep 22 2009 	Don't bother finding another hotel head straight to The Trafalgar Hotel	What a joy after a long trip from Australia to arrive at such a clean, modern, service orientated hotel. Our deluxe room which was very large, minimalist, but extremely tasteful overlooked Trafalgar Square. You are right in the middle of London at this hotel which makes most things accessible by foot.The breakfast is the best in Europe with plenty of friendly staff who remember you and your food/beverage preferences throughout your stay.The only negative was that the roof top garden bar is so popular that unless you get there at the right time, and if there are not any private functions on then you cannot enjoy the most spectacular view of London.Overall this hotel is an absolute gem. Well done Hilton Hotels for this little beauty.	
Sep 20 2009 	Fantastic hotel with an EXCELLENT location	I stayed here for five days in mid-September and had a great time. You cannot ask for a better location. As soon as you step outside, you have London in front of your eyes. Trafalgar Square is where the action is and the &quot;hub&quot; to getting to the major sights. There are a handful of streets that intersect right near the hotel and taking any of them will take you to a major sight. The Charing Cross station entrance is extremely close.I arrived early (around 9am) and was given a room right away so I could catch up on some sleep after a long overnight flight. The concierge, Sam, was extremely helpful and was able to book a tour for me (Windsor, Bath, and Stonehenge - Excellent Tour), answer numerous questions that I had, and helped me book transportation back to Heathrow.The rooms themselves are nice and well appointed; you won't be disappointed with the room and will notice most amenities are present and accounted for. I was offered my choice of a daily paper and the room was cleaned rather quickly when I put out the &quot;Clean My Room&quot; sign.For your convenience there are many coffee shops, an ATM, a Tesco, and a 24 hour store to purchase drinks and sandwiches right near the hotel. There is a bar inside the hotel which was pretty lively when I walked every night. There is also a roof bar, but I didn't go up there.Everyone at this hotel was friendly and the hotel itself in great condition. If you have the budget (I was on a free stay via HHonors Points), I'd strongly recommend staying here. It isn't cheap but the location cannot be beat.Tip: Go to the Tesco and pick up a Cadbury chocolate bar. It tastes a lot different (very tasty; very creamy) compared to chocolate within the United States.	
Sep 18 2009 	Right in the thick of things!	My wife and I spent two nights at the Trafalgar using our points last week. The hotel is a stone's throw away from the Charing Cross station on the Tube. Inside the hotel is a modern lobby with the bar and restaurant all folded right in. We had a room facing Nelson's Column, the Square and the National Gallery. It made for quite the view out of the window. However, with the view came the price: traffic, car horns and the endless police and ambulance sirens throughout the night. Literally, all night. If you are light sleeper, I'd recommend NOT getting a room facing the square.As with most rooms in London, it was somewhat small. However, we just needed a shower and a bed as we were out exploring all day. The bathroom was in need of an update, but again; it served its purpose.The staff was very friendly and helpful. They did get slightly bitter when my wife brought in a sandwich to the bar/lobby area. This was after I bought my 13 pound whiskey. They stated it was against health code or something to that effect. I think they want you to buy the 7pound item off their menu, not the 3 pound sandwich from around the corner. We just packed up our food and drink and went to the room.In all we'd recommend the Hotel. ***Oh, check your email account in the days leading up to your visit. They had sent us a dinner and drink promo, but we didn't learn about it until AFTER our stay!***Cheers!	
Sep 18 2009 	didn't know that there is this much hospitality in London....	Wow, from arrival to departure only kind and informing people to greet you! Have been in many other hotels in London, but if you should/can choose, take this one. (I travel a lot in the far east and am used to the kindness and cooperative people at hotels, have not found that earlier in London, we Europeans are to 'cold') It was a surprise to enter these premises and was overwhelmed with kindness by the staff, from bar-keepers to management. This made my stay a lot better then usual. Next time in London, they can except me back. PS normally I don't write reports, I only read them, but this hotel made me change my mind!	
Sep 5 2009 	Far better than a local thought a London hotel would be!	I stopped here for a night for a change, even though I would normally head home, so I could pretend to be a tourist not a local for once. I had low expectations of a chain hotel off Trafalgar Square, tourist trap, over priced, soulless. Well, what a surprised, it was none of these. I arrived late and the welcome was swift, warm and very professional. The staff were very friendly and the reception layout is very inviting. The hotel is stylish and modern, and you had that grand destination buzz. &lt;The room continued from this great start, being very spacious, huge bed and great bathroom. The bay window with views out to Nelson`s Column was a real treat, even for someone who had seen it so many times. The pillows were not feather, and I fancied some feather ones, so called the reception and a full set of feather ones arrived in 10 minutes. After a night out with a few drinks, the prompt answer by the night staff at the door was welcome. The sleep was excellent, as despite being in the centre of the city, the sound proofing was great and the room very quiet. The breakfast was great, and had I not had a lunch booking, I might have really pigged out. Only downer was that they didn't bring out the pot of tea promised, but I could have prompted them again and didn't, so can't hold it against them. I got a good price by booking in advance, and had worried I would get poor quality due to the lower price (for London!), but I feel that I got one of the best stays possible, and at the price, exceptional value. I sometimes worry these reviews are not genuine, or from people who might not know what the local quality could be. Take it from someone who lives in London, this I would recommend to anyone.	
Sep 1 2009 	First Class - Best Hotel in Town	As a seasoned business traveller I have experienced hotels all over the world and The Trafalgar has to rank as one of my favourite hotels anywhere! I recently stayed here for a special birthday and the staff were wonderful, the room was amazing with great views to nelson's column and the breakfast complete with live music was stunning. I recommend this hotel very highly.	
Aug 31 2009 	Quality trendy hotel	We enjoyed our stay in this very well located hotel and would comment on the excellent soundproofing (considering it's location) spacious comfortable room and bed, excellent service, and good breakfast experience.It is certainly not a typical Hilton, and is not cheap (but what is in London!) but we liked the atmosphere and the ease with which we could walk out to sights, restaurants and theatre. A convenient, but expensive public car park is just behind the hotel.Had a minor plumbing problem in the bathroom which was quickly sorted, and walk-in shower floods the bathroom (triumph of design over practicality) which resulted in some signs of wear, but these were not dealbreakers.Nice linens - but do think that duvet should be a quality natural one in this standard of hotel.Would stay again, and recommend, except perhaps to traditionalists!	
Aug 28 2009 	Great location but room showing wear.	I picked this hotel for the location, which was great for the covent garden restaurants and theatre we were going to. Slight confusion finding it, as no Hilton signs but apparently this is part of a re-branding for this hotel. Also bit bemused by checkin desk, which looks more like a restaurant checkin but quickly given our room, which was ready early as requested. The room (410) didn't quite fit with the rest of the hotel, which is smart and modern. The public areas are well maintained but the room wasn't wearing well and just didn't live up to the rest of the hotel. The bathroom was suffering in the obvious places like grouting peeling away, or going black, as well as a loose control in the shower. Floor tiles also looked a bit shabby, just a bit disappointing for the price. The bed also felt saggy and worn, which I've not found at other Hiltons. Whole room just looked tired and in need of either some very deep cleaning or replacement. Ate lunch on the roof terrace, which was good, although a shame it was closed for a private event in the evening as this had particularly appealed when booking. Staff mentioned it is often closed in the evening for private functions. I was a bit surprised at the lack of information in the room. Although there is a room service menu, there is nothing giving breakfast hours, checkout time etc or any local information. There is a well stocked mini bar but it wins most expensive I've ever seen (more than the Savoy, or the Manhattan Hilton...)It's in a useful spot, but the room just wasn't worth the price. I picked the hotel because it was a Hilton (member of Hilton HHonors), looked modern (thought rooms would be too) and because of the location. Lots of hotels in the area, wouldn't be tempted back unless improvements were made.	
Aug 17 2009	Hilton Trafalgar Square London	Excellent overall experience. Staff was friendly and accommodating. Breakfast was included in our package and was a steal considering London prices. A big breakfast gets you through a lot of sightseeing. Lounge had a definite hipness. Highly recommended.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great location yes but not worth the money we spent.	The hotel is lovely--very modern design with large rooms and bathrooms. The location is wonderful too--right on Trafalgar Square. However, the wi-fi was prohibitively expensive; and breakfast was average with few choices. I expect more from a Hilton hotel--especially since the Hiltons are famous for their breakfast spreads-- and one that charges so much per room. I had asked for a twin room but received a double after being told no twins were available. Was a fine hotel for one night, but would not stay here for longer than that.	
Jul 27 2009 	Service as great as the location!	I have stayed at this hotel probably 5 times in the last year, am a frequent visitor from the US.In short it is an awesome hotel. Got the best combination of location, style and service of any hotel i know of in London.As a Diamond member with Hilton I am frequently upgraded which is always appreciated and to rooms that are very spacious and cool. The showers are also great, an important and rare feature in London.Having been here several times I can say the service is consistently excellent, friendly, efficient and quick to fix things if there is a problem. Highly recommended.	
Jul 25 2009	Great Location Good Hotel	I visited this hotel in December of 2007 on a trip for my mother's 60th birthday. The hotel was kind enough to let us use a room when we got there very early to shower and nap. The hotel is right off Trafalgar Square and is maybe 1/4 mile (.4 km) from Charing Cross rail station and the Embankment tube stop -- meaning that everywhere in London is very accessible. It is also about 1 km/.6 mile from Piccadilly Circus.The accommodations were very good as well. We had very large rooms with plenty of space. The staff were also excellent -- very accommodating and quick to help to make our stay excellent. The downside to all this is price -- it's not a cheap hotel, so don't expect one.	
Jul 20 2009 	Fantastic Experience at Trafalgar Hilton!	We stayed for a full two weeks at the Trafalgar Hilton in June and July, 2009. We have travelled extensively in Europe over the last 20 years and can honestly say that this was the best hotel experience we've had thus far! First of all, the location cannot be beat. It is just off Trafalgar Square, many restaurants, the West End for theaters, and just 2 blocks from the Thames River and all of its activities. It was so easy, on a hot day, to walk down to the river and take a ferry to see the sights and cool off. All of Westminster and Picadilly are within walking distance, as was Buckingham Palace. The subway was just across the street; and buses were just outside the hotel. In addition, the hotel staff--both day and night--were extremely attentive and accommodating to alll of our needs. We were able to communicate with them via email prior to our arrival, so that most of our sightseeing was already booked before we even got to London. It is possible to pay for internet hookup in your room, so we were able to keep in contact w/ our business colleagues while gone. We highly recommend this hotel! It is like a home away from home--everything you need is right there in your room. The hotel has a restaurant, a rooftop bar, and nearby food stores for your snacks. We have vowed to always stay at the Trafalgar Hilton in London!	
Jul 14 2009 	excellent hotel in excellent location	Everything in London is near to this hotel. But the most important thing about is its staff. Really very helpfull, professional, kind and smiling. Got very good room, very big with nice bathroom; CD player was really a top for us - we went to see Priscilla musical and then during three days listened original CD non-stop (when in hotel).Very good breakfast. Perfect choice in London.	
Jul 14 2009 	Perfect location no rooftop bar access..	If you want to be in the middle of everything, this is your hotel. The location is the tops. The staff are very accommodating, friendly and helpful. The room size was average though very clean. We had no view to our dismay. Twin beds were comfortable..though for the price we paid you'd think they would have better duvets. No down duvets, only cotton - cheap..cheap...cheap... We did ask, but noone got back to us. Large t.v. and I believe I saw a hairdryer. Lots of sockets. With two girls...one needs lots of sockets.The bathroom is large with robes and slippers. The shower/tub was a bit awkward getting into as it is high and while there are handles on the opposite side of the tub, they need to put some at the end of the tub to help yourself out safely. Wasn't a fan of the complimentary lotions and gels. Too masculine smelling. One of the reasons we booked this hotel was their rooftop bar. We wanted to unwind before going out with a couple of drinks and for the three days we were there, we were not allowed access because of private parties. We were extremely disappointed. We did manage to get to see what it looked like a half hour before leaving as the manager took us up top for a look see. Too bad we could not utilize it though. The views are amazing from topside. However, the hotel did send us a bottle of wine to help with our disappointment. Everywhere we went we had free WiFi - except this hotel. Which is 15 pounds for 24 hours or 75 pounds for the week. That is astronomical. I've never paid more than $30 for a week somewhere. But, it is London. London is not cheap - but that is a bit overboard in my opinion. However, McDonalds was literally 2 minutes walk right down the street. Free WiFi there and it only cost me a drink. They really should rethink at the very least the cost of it. It should be free - but 15 pounds for a week sounds more reasonable. The breakfast was very good. Had loads of everything..early on...around 10 a.m. it started to get skimpy. Lots of juices, muffins, pastries, meats, cheeses, cereals, full English breakfast, American Breakfast, pankcakes...fruit. Service was wonderful. One gentleman even helped my sister with a concoction to help with her tummy troubles. Very thoughtful.Downstairs lounge was happening at night. Loud...LOUD music. Lots of people - more business than relaxed.. If you stay, ask for an upper floor. I think we stopped at the 3rd floor and could still hear the music. We were on the 6th floor and heard nothing. Oh and only one elevator was working for the whole three days...that was inconvenient. You ended up waiting quite a bit sometimes. I don't know about you, but after walking around London all day, the last thing I want to do is take the stairs. I would stay again, however, only if I got a better price. I gave it 4 points mainly because of the staff and the amazing location.	
Jun 30 2009 	great location friendly staff but view askew	Very nice accommodating staff. Went for the bargain room, saw it was small (no problem) and it came with an unobstructed view of an office building. They kindly changed our room and we then had an upper half window with a view of the Eye as long as you stood in a set position with head back and slightly tilted just so. Be sure to check location of room in hotel before booking.	
Jun 22 2009 	Very hospitable staff wonderful rooms and amenities fabulous location!	First tip for fellow Americans, we as well as our driver were looking for the Trafalgar Hilton...there are no indications the hotel is a Hilton so look for the Trafalgar Hotel on Spring Garden and it is on the corner facing the square. Wonderful location, truly helpful and hospitable staff. Rooms were spacious for Europe and fit a roll away for our child comfortably. We had two rooms with two adults and one child in each. (You may need to speak directly to the hotel for this arrangement) Very delicious and convenient breakfast downstairs, included if you are a gold member or can pay for this separately) Loved our stay and will return when in the area.	
Jun 17 2009 	EXCELLENT STAY	What a great hotel. The location, the staff, the ambiance. You would be hard pressed to find a better hotel in London's west end. It's a Hilton hotel, but you would never know it, other than the high Hilton standards. The roof top bar is the place to be and be seen on a warm sunny afternoon.	
Jun 13 2009 	Great hotel! Good location	I stayed at this hotel after being moved from a very poor hotel the night before. Check in was very friendly and my room was very spacious and clean. Unfortunately it was a bit close to the entrance to the roof garden so a bit noisy but this wasn't too much of a problemIt took me a while to reach room service but once I did my order arrived fairly quickly and the food was good.Breakfast is a very strange set up with a harpist in the corner and low level lighting that makes it feel a bit &quot;cocktail hour&quot;! That said breakfast is very good with a wide selection of food.all in all a good stay. Would stay here again if room rate was competitive however generally the hotel is expensive.	
Jun 11 2009 	Big difference between night and day staff	The hotel is nice enough, but as another reviewer put it, it has no soul. The daytime staff is helpful and nice, however, once they leave all service ends. The night staff makes it very clear that they do not like tourists and want you in your room and out of their hair by 10:30. The rooftop bar seemed to be a marketing ploy only. While the view is beautiful, the area is tiny, it's often closed, it closes early (last call at 10PM??) and the staff is rude. The lounge in the lobby is advertised as being available to residents of the hotel 24/7, however that also seems to be a marketing ploy. The night staff makes up their own rules regarding what they will serve - rules that changed nightly. At 10:30PM we had a bottle of wine from dinner that we wanted to quietly finish in the lounge. However, they brightened the lights, turned off the music, repeatedly bumped our chairs with a vacuum, sprayed cleaner on our table all around our drinks, the wait staff disappeared and the bald bouncer was rude to the point of hostile. He glared at us with his best &quot;kill-face&quot; trying to intimidate us out of his lounge...this was all at 10:30PM. When we refused to leave, the cleaning staff gave up and went to sleep next to us. They actually slept next to us. Hotel Manager, if you happen to read this, stop by your hotel one night after 10:30 and see for yourself. On the positive side, the location is great and the room was clean (although our shower leaked from the bottom and covered the floor with water).Another thing...the internet should be free in a hotel of this calibre. C'mon. It's free in every cafe down the street. Evolve with the times and offer free internet - it's not 1998 anymore.	
Jun 10 2009	What a Hospitality	I spend only three days of that hotel. But it seems like three minutes. I stayed lots of hotel around the world. But in my view The Trafalgar hotel is the best to stay with family and friends. Hotel is not big in size but service is briliant. Thier staff gave me the best service. If I have a opportunity, I will stay there again and again. I never forget their hospitality. Wish them best of Luck. Anisuzzaman Khan	
Jun 9 2009 	Bland insipid and utterly soulless	After a month in Europe and staying at seven different hotels, this place was by far the very worst experience at a hotel during our trip. Expect to haul your own luggage up the steps to the reception desk as there was no porter in sight when we checked in. The reception desk is a very informal affair and consists of a few computers back to back on a desk. It looks like an internet café and is very unwelcoming. Guests have to stand in the way of other guests and staff when checking in and have to move luggage around in order to accommodate passers-by. This small reception looks over a restaurant of concrete columns and dark colours, which is cold and barren.The gentleman who checked us in was disinterested and sullen. The lighting in the elevators is so poor that you should take along a torch to check which number button to press. The rooms are featureless and bland with not one single picture or exciting visual cue to be seen. The bathroom amenities are very middle of the road and not as exciting and of good quality that we expected. The shower temperature does not get hot enough which is bad for soaking out the London chill. There was no pen in the room and the view over a drab London office block was hideous. We decided to venture up to the much touted roof bar. At the top of the elevator was a rude bouncer who demanded: “Where’s your tickets?” To which we replied that we hadn’t any. He then said “You MUST have tickets!”I then said we were guests of the hotel and showed our key card. He then said “OK in that case you can go up”The terrace is tiny, freezing and ridiculously overpriced. The view is great but the pretentious and pompous London office workers who had colonized the roof made us leave very quickly. Having stayed at another Hilton recently and not enjoying the ghastly food we decided to leave their overpriced offerings and ventured into the city for meals.We really did not enjoy our stay and it was a pleasure to leave. However when asked on check out if we had enjoyed our stay, I said no and couldn’t wait to leave. The receptionist immediately puffed up and insisted she call someone who we could talk to regarding our experience. When I said no I rather would like to leave as soon as possible she just processed our payment. As we sat and waited for our taxi to the airport the reservations manager came over to chat. This annoyed us as it obviously means that the receptionist did not respect our wishes and asked the manager to come over to us, regardless of our wishes. She addressed me by the wrong name and took on a defensive and confronting attitude as I kept telling her I was not interested in chatting. She was a rather persistent individual and eventually got the message, but was not happy. I get the feeling that she had wanted to find out the problems in order to do damage control and PR for the hotel instead of addressing our experience.Although the location is amazing right on Trafalgar Square in the centre of London, we feel that there are other options nearby which offer a better guest experience. Having stayed there three nights and having seen the staff and bland operation we would not be surprised by a smarmy and twee response from management – its what you can expect from this uninspiring and over-priced edifice.	
Jun 2 2009 	WONDERFUL LOCATION!	My husband and i recently stayed at the Trafalgar (a Hilton hotel) in London. It sits on one corner of the square. This was our first trip to London and previous reviews were right on. The location cannot be beat. From that location, almost everything you want to see is within walking distance including buses, underground, Big Ben, Parliament, Buckingham Palace, Kensington Gardens, museums and plenty of restaurants. The beds are not the best, but the convenience is worth it. You walk into a bar, the desk off to the left, but they are right there to greet you and help with luggage. At the end of each night after shows, dining, sightseeing, it is extremely pleasant to sit in the lobby of the hotel for a nice drink, great appetizers (and desserts) and pleasant music. You really wanted to dance, but this is not a dance place. We did spend one evening on the rooftop bar which is lovely with a great view. The conceirge service of this hotel was wonderful. Scored us great show tickets, pointed us (physically) in the right direction (many times) and were very pleasant to deal with. While the food reviews were not great for London, our conceirge directed us to Gaucho's Steakhouse (about 5 or 6 blocks, walking distance) which was wonderful - a unique experience, very dark inside, mostly candlelight, but very romantic with great steaks and a great wine selection. The Trafalgar's own restaurant was very good as well. We also dined right next door at Albinnach (i think that's correct) and found it a very pleasant dining experience with great food. This is a place to try fish &amp; chips-much better than the little cafe we found. Mondays food is at 50% discount (at least while we were there.) I will definitely stay at this hotel again when visiting London.	
May 22 2009 	What a treat	Arriving in London late at night, this hotel was a real treat. The room was spacious and the bed fantastic. New magazines available in the room were a treat to bring to the bath tub, and wonderful amenities made the experience even more relaxing...wonderful!Breakfast was included in the rate and the services and selection were impeccable – I will definitively go back!	
May 21 2009 	Fun Hotel with a wonderful staff	The hotel was great very modern and fun, but what really made our stay memorable was the fantastic staff. The manager Rasheida and her staff all made our stay so much more fun and relaxing. We were traveling with 2 young children 1 and 3 and the staff went out of their way to bring the kids treats, recommend sights our 3 year old would like, and even brought us up breakfast one morning when the kids slept in late. My 3 year old made friend with all of the staff and loved coming back to the hotel every night to tell his &quot;friends&quot; about his daily adventures. Every night the staff sent up something for the kids, cookies, chocolates, milk ... they loved it! The location of the hotel was fantastic we could walk most places which was great since we had a double stroller. The bus stop is right outside of the hotel and the subway is a few blocks away. Its only a few minutes walk to the picadilly circus and there are lots of restaurants and shopping around. The rooms were huge (like an american hotel). You can't go wrong with this hotel.	
May 21 2009 	Definetely not a 4 star hotel!	We recently stayed for 5 nights at the Trafalgar London. The rooms were comfortable, clean and large. Our complains are about the service and excess charges for internet, which costs 15 Pounds a Day (every other 4 star hotel we stayed in when we visited through Europe had free internet. We also have to ask numerous time for the conceige or housekeeping staff to do certain things, basic requests. The rooms were comfortable, clean and large. The housekeeping and mini bar staff knocked on our door about 4 times a day which has never happen in any hotel I have stayed at. We stayed in the Hilton Florence and it is a very nice hotel.	
May 18 2009 	Lovely hotel in fab location	Based on location you won't find many better hotels in London. The hotel is boutique chic and modern. The staff are friendly and very informative.The rooms are large and the bathroom have both a shower and bathtub.We got a delux room with a view onto Trafalgar square for only £140 a night. I would of not paid more than this. However it was perfect for a special occasion.	
May 16 2009 	The location seals the deal!	The Trafalgar does not get much better as far as location goes. Right in the heart of London, you are never more than a 10 minute walk or tube ride away from all of London's amazing sights. The hotel itself is chic, modern, and quite posh. With a lobby that serves as a coktail bar and a rooftop lounge overooking Trafalagar Square, this is a great place to come back to after a long day of sightseeing. The breakfast was fabulous with a la carte items or a contintental breakfast option. The waitress remembered our breakfast choices from the first day and always brought us our coffee and tea exactly how we wanted it withoout needing to ask. At night they place a small box of chocolates on your pillow and as a welcome gift we received a tray of muffins, fruit, and wine. Both of our rooms were upgraded and were fairly large for European standards. The bathroom was the only drawback as the shower was quite small and tended to leave the floor soaked in water. As I was travelling with the family I work for (I nanny for their 15 month old), we had side by side rooms. We were both given baby cots (not cribs, which I think he found a little uncomfortable). Getting used to the time change was hard on him and he woke up crying a lot through the night. When in his parents room it could definitely be heard through the walls and would wake me up. Just FYI if you are a light sleeper, the insulation is not fabulous.Despite the bathroom and thin walls, everything else was perfect... oh well I guess I forgot to mention that you have to pay 15 pounds per day for Internet use, no free wifi either. So that wasn't the greatest. But, we were overall very happy with our stay and would not hesitate to stay here again.	
May 6 2009 	A wonderful experience	We chose The Trafalgar for a special family re-union, and we were so pleased with our choice. Although we'd booked 2 deluxe rooms we were definitely upgraded to a higher level because both rooms were amazing. There were so many nice touches thrown in for us that we weren't expecting. A big thanks to Rashida and her team for those. In addition to the usual things mentioned in other reviews we also loved the live music at breakfast.	
Apr 29 2009 	Great location for marathon lovely hotel	My husband ran the London Marathon and we picked the Trafalgar mainly due to its location- it was 10mins walk to the finish line. Location is so convenient - 15mins to Covent Garden, 15mins to Leicester Square. Tube was 2mins walk from hotel. Staff were very friendly and accomodating. The hotel was very boutiquey and was very classy. We paid approx £150 per night B&amp;B which is a very good rate for this quality hotel in its location. Bar is lovely, we went up to the roof top terrace but it was very crowded so didn't stay. It looked lovely albeit very small. Rooms are nice and spacious especially for LondonNegatives- check in was a bit messy. It was busy when we arrived and we were maneuvering around various people and staff to get to the check in desk. Its an odd set up which if it wasn't busy may have worked...Last time we went to London we stayed at the Waldorf Hilton and I personally think this hotel is better. I would definitely stay again and wouldn't hesitate to recommend to others.	
Apr 25 2009 	Fantastic location minimalist and cool hotel without feeling pretentious or intimidating	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for one night when in London for an event. We had been trawelling websites trying to find a deal until the day before he remembered he had reward points. We're not Diamond members so our room was a standard, with slippers! It was a good sized room, comfortable bed, looked very clean, nice bathroom, huge big soft towels. No view, we looked out over the British Council offices but, considering it was St George's Day with people celebrating in Trafalgar Square, inside the hotel was very quiet. I arrived at the hotel with a girlfriend, my husband was already in London on business. There is no formal reception area, just a high table with computers on, so the space flows into the Rockwell bar. It all looks great and we would definitely use it as a place to meet people next time we were in town. Had I known about the Roof Garden we would have gone up there, as this was a beautiful sunny day - London at it's best and the views must be great as the hotel is in a fantastic location, just off the Mall and Trafalgar Square. My husband was having lunch, so we sat with him to have a drink. And this would be where my only complaints would be made. It wasn't busy but it took the concierge to notice we were trying to order and not the 2 staff working. It also took ages for them to make and deliver the drinks (2 Bloody Mary's - not complicated). And then another age to get the bill. The waitress was very nice, and apologised for the the wait but as we were paying a group of guys came in and said 'excuse me' to the waitress who didn't even look at them but told them 'one minute'. She may thought she was being attentive to us but they wandered off. That service didn't impress me. Our room was ready by 2.30pm. Location wise I don't think you could ask for more. My girlfriend and I walked up to Regent Street and Oxford Street. In the evening it was a short walk to Embankment to travel to the event. Charing Cross station is even closer. Friday morning my husband and I walked through St James Park down to Victoria Station. My husband would prefer to stay in this hotel next time he is on business. Perfect place if you're in London for sightseeing, shopping or business.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great location and friendly staff	My wife and I stayed here for 7 nights using Hilton honors points. As a Diamond member, we were upgraded to a deluxe king room overlooking the square. The room was very large for London standards with a huge bathroom. We were also provided free breakfast each morning. At check-in, we were offered a free copy of one of 3 papers of our choice to be delivered to our door each morning; we went with the USA today.The conceirge nailed our Mexican restaurant request with a great place called Wahaca in Covent Garden just a short walk from the hotel.Only disappointmentswas that the roof top bar was not open until the following weekend and internet was 15gbp per day. We just used the business center a few times 3gbp for 15 minutes.	
Apr 18 2009 	At the Trafalgar	Great location overlooking the Trafalgar square. Great if you want to get out for a bit after work...	
Apr 13 2009 	Location and very quiet!	Our first trip to London. We stayed for 2 nights in March 2009 (the weekend before the G20 Summit). We used Hilton Points so cannot comment on price, but with the great location I would expect to pay a little more. We took the subway from Paddington Station to the Charing Cross Station and popped up on the same block as The Trafalgar! It is located right on the round-a-bout at Trafalgar Square. Yes, the reception area is unique (very chic!), but that is what I love about visiting new places. Check in was quick &amp; efficient.We probably had the standard room. The room itself was new, modern, and clean. Again, very chic. It was an average-size room (by U.S. standards) facing some business offices. Not much of a view, but since we were staying for free using point it didn't bother us. The bed was comfortable. But watch that wood frame! I came home with bruised legs. Room features included: Flat-screen TV, reading lights attached to headboard, hot pot, lounge chair, desk, comfy robes, 2 wardrobes for clothes, hairdryer. The most amazing part of the room was the QUIET! With so much traffic and commotion outside and such a lively reception/lounge area, it is absolutely amazing that you can go up to your room and not hear a THING! We did not utilitze any of the restaurant, gym, or other services at the hotel so I cannot comment on those.There were many food options within easy walking distance (pubs, restaurants, convenience stores, McDonalds, Starbucks). Also some small souvenir shops nearby. We walked to Buckingham Palace, Harrods, and Hyde Park (a nice hike for healthy people who like to walk, but you could also take the subway or taxi). 1-2 blocks in one direction is Westminster Abbey &amp; Big Ben. 1-2 blocks in another direction is the theater district and LOTS of little restaurants. Another block and there is a nice outdoor shopping plaza that was really hopping at 10:00 at night. Beware, there are signs that say that thiefs operate in that area. We didn't have any problems or see anything so you are probably fine if you are just smart and keep your valuables close. We also saw some casinos nearby.I would highly recommend this hotel for tourists for the location.	
Apr 9 2009	MINIMAL CHIC	I live in Italy and I stayed in this hotel with my mother three nights for a short holiday in London around Palm Sunday. I booked through Hilton's website with a very special rate, for a double deluxe room, with view on Trafalgar Square. The hotel is really surprising. I would define it &quot;minimal chic&quot;. Location is excellent: right in the center of London! When you arrive, you don't find the usual desk... It's a surprise, you could think it's an internet point with 4 pcs... But probably it's a way to give a &quot;mark&quot;, a symbol of the hotel's style. The Trafalgar is part of Hilton chain, but you don't see the classical Hilton's trademarks and brands. Only a little &quot;H&quot;... The rooms are very well equipped. Our room was fantastic, even in its 'minimal' style, with big tv screen, dvd, cd, coffee facilities, bathrobes, and so on... The room is really big e spacious: in other hotels in London, I found rooms like &quot;small boxes&quot;. This one was quite a studio apartment. Bathroom was big and clean. Breakfast was really rich, with buffet on saturday and sunday (with guitar music), and &quot;à la carte&quot; on the other day of our stay. Staff is friendly and helpful. I was really satisfied by this hotel. I recommend to all Tripadvisor travelers. I can give only a suggestion to the management: provide more room and more sitting area in the lobby. The two &quot;pouffs&quot; in front of the &quot;reception&quot; are so... minimal. But it's only a little spot. The Trafalgar, in my opinion, is one of the best hotles in London. If you find a good offer, don't exitate to book a room. Excuse me for my &quot;scholastic&quot; english. See you soon again. Stefano	
Apr 5 2009 	A real GEM could not fault!	Just got back from staying at this fantastic hotel to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary. I booked a Double Deluxe room via Expedia and on checking with the hotel about leaving luggage prior to booking in by email. I was informed that the booking was for a Deluxe room only. Panic! However Rashida finished the email by saying that they would upgrade. Phewwww! In the email she said that the room they had reserved was slightly smaller than the normal Deluxe Plus, did I notice, no, especially because the room (203) looked directly onto Trafalgar Square, what a view. The room had everything, CD player, DVD player, flat screen TV and more.The bathroom was great even though I was expecting to have a walk in shower. The staff were incredible and really helpful (many thanks for the extra, it was most unexpected and appreciated)The bed was so comfortable and massive. Breakfast was amazing, even down to the guitar playing singer, which was a first. Will we stay here and recommend this hotel, without a doubt we would for the following reasons:Location - So central with fantastic views.Food- only had breakfast but this was really well presented and a great choice.Room 203 - amazing view, great facilties, comfortable.Staff- really couldn't do enough special thanks Rashida.Cost- didnt come into the equation due to the above.Many thanks for remarkable stay and one we will both remember.	
Apr 1 2009 	Fabulous Beds 	So, you can tell from the headline that those are 2 of my biggest things I look for when travelling. The last -- nice linens, was also included.I travel quite a bit so I had some points to burn at any Hilton property. I chose this one b/c I noticed that the manager reads the reviews and every replies back to them. I thought that was quite smart, and it also means s/he is in touch w/ what the guests really think.The room is very modern, but the building itself is old. When you walk in, it kind of feels like a W hotel, if you've ever been at one of those. At night, it turns into a nightclub, which my friends did not like, as they check you at the door and you have to show your key. You then walk thru all the people dressed up and having cocktails, which my friends hated. I didn't mind so much.The windows are double glazed and you cannot hear ANYTHING from the street. It is fabulous. There were G20 demonstrations going on and you couldn't hear it at all -- that's how good the soundproofing is. After 2 sleepless nights at Arran House, this hotel was heaven.Also, the staff was very accomodating, I received a welcome email 2 days prior to my arrival and confirmed that I needed early check in, which I got (10 am!!!). They also extended my check out graciously -- a very nice Asian girl at the front desk who had perfect manners and was very courteous.Note - the hairdryer is in the drawer of the desk in the room, not located in the bathroom. I couldn't find it til the next day. Also, I was running late for my airplane and was flying towards the hotel front door and was stopped by their security and asked to show my key. This was annoying since I was running late, however, in retrospect, I think it's good to have that type of security. Although they might want to practice how they ask for it in a bit softer way...The other annoyance was that you had to pay 3 pounds/15 min of internet. Are we at the Hilton for real? Free internet is pretty standard in some countries, but I guess the city of London is not one of them. I think they should provide this service for free to their guests -- most of them are just briefly checking email anyway.I would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 27 2009 	A very pleasant experience	The Trafalgar is a special place. The fact that at the time this review is being composed the hotel was ranked numerically in the 80's from over 1100 London hotels speaks for itself. But more specifically, as to my wife's and my trip for 6 evenings in March: As noted in many other reviews, this hotel has a FANTASTIC location on a corner of Trafalgar square, so it makes for an easy walk to many theaters, museums, gallerys, Leister Square, Picadilly Circus, etc., etc. Yes, the reception area may be a bit small but the staff is exceptional with their attempts to please. Every request was met with quick, efficient and friendly response. The rooms, some with a paratial view of Trafalgar Square, are spic and span clean--so important to the traveller, especially our wives.! This hotel does not pretend to be the Ritz so don't expect it to be so. Nothing fancy, but quite comfortable. The hotel actually has an evening lounge on certain evenings with a d.j. spinning tunes and it caters to a lively ( not yelling nor loud intensity) and pleasant crowd. You can actually relax and enjoy yourself here after theater if you wish to do so. Returning from theater in the evening we would often find snacks laid out in the reception area for guests of the hotel. You can sense a concerted effort by management to please the patron and, to my eyes, the property is successful. No phony snobishness exists in this place! I'm trying to find something negative to say about the place, but just cannot seem to find any faults. In summer there actually is a rooftop location with views of the city, tables and chairs with larage umbrellas along with the service of drinks. Find a good rate from Hilton and go.	
Mar 16 2009 	Great location ok service and pricey	I stayed at the Trafalgar Hilton for two weeks on a business trip in London. Overall ok experience, but a could-do-better service and high prices compared to other options in the region.Room are ok, but the ones I stayed in have very small windows which do not open, so that the 'partial views to Trafalgar' cannot be seen :( Beds are ok, but usually Hilton has a higher comfort standard.Reception is very badly located / organized, and it can be somewhat messy when more than 3 people are doing check-in / check-out.HHonors diamond status is hardly recognized (no welcome amenity, no welcome letter, ...), unless you really insist hardly on them.Fitness is small but equipment is very modern.Location is definitely the best part of this hotel: right on Trafalgar sq, within walking distance of most business companies, palace, big ben, theaters, etc.I would stay here again only if on corporate expense or if great deal found.	
Mar 16 2009 	Excellent staff lovely rooms perfect location!	My husband and I often come to London at least once a year and have stayed in many good central London hotels. This trip, to celebrate our 25th Wedding Anniversary, was our first stay at The Trafalgar and we LOVED it here!! There is something special about this hotel that I have rarely found in other similar London hotels. This was mainly down to the lovely staff (especially on reception).We arrived mid afternoon on the Friday and we had booked a standard room through Tesco clubcard deals. The staff at reception congratulated us on our wedding anniversary and were efficient and pleasant at check-in. We went to our room on the 6th floor and found the room to be lovely and spacious and with lots of 'extras' that you don't usually get in a standard room in similar hotels. Dimmer switches on the lights,separate ajustable reading lights, large flatscreen TV, CD and DVD players, bathrobes/slippers and a large ajustable mirror with light in the spacious and modern bathroom were some of the features not usually found in a standard room.However, we were not overly impressed with the view ( a courtyard full of office blocks)My husband popped down to reception and said we thought the room was lovely but we were very disappointed with the view and asked , as it was our anniversary, if they had a room with a nicer view. The man on reception (Alexander I think) was extremely appologetic. He said that he had wanted to upgrade us when we checked in, but unfortunately there were no available rooms, facing the front of the hotel, at that time.After about 30 mins we had a call from reception (lisa??) and she told us that she was extremely sorry about the view and that she would like to offer us an upgraded room the next day. ( we were staying for 2 nights with a late check-out booked for the Sunday)This cheered us up, as at no time had we asked for an 'upgrade' so it was lovely to be offered one.As we were getting ready to go out for the evening there was a knock on our door and a staff member brought up a complimentary bottle of champagne on ice and a delicious treat which consisted of 2 glasses of fresh fruit with a chocolate and caramel drizzle and some scrumptious handmade chocolates!The next morning reception said that if we packed up our bags, they would move them to our new room while we were out.When we got back we were given keys to our new room which was an upgraded room (even more spacious with bath and walk-in shower and with a much better view!)Every time we walked in and out of the hotel we were warmly greeted by reception staff which again, was a nice touch.Breakfast was excellent. There was a wide variety of continental buffet items with smoked salmon, many cheeses and meats and freshly baked bread plus fresh fruit. Also there was the usual delicious hot breakfast fayre. My only slight disappointment was that there wasn't any muesli in the cereal section, despite there being masses of choice of nuts, seeds and dried fruit which you would normally add to muesli.All in all we won't be trying out any other London hotels as we have now found a perfect one to stay at. All the staff were extremely friendly and helpful, the rooms were delightful and the location couldn't be beaten! The nearest tube station was less than a minute from the hotel entrance and most of the Westend destinations (eg Leicester Sq., Piccadilly Circus, major theatres, Covent Garden etc. were within a ten to fifteen minute walk. The National Gallery was practically next door!!I have just two small grumbles, and that is that the rooftop bar was closed until Easter. I had brought my binoculars with me and we had been looking forward to spending time on the rooftop observing some of London's sights. Also I would have liked to have had an information folder in the room (with general hotel info, restaurant opening times, things to do in London, useful phone numbers etc. etc.)That said, we will definitely be returning to The Trafalgar and would thoroughly recommend it!!	
Mar 3 2009 	Good but not great	I'm not sure if this was a one off as The Trafalgar gets good write ups on Trip Advisor. But my experience on my first stay left was a bit of a let down. The location was good for my business meeting, and the hotel is well presented. However, on arriving I wasn't greeted as a diamond member, or &quot;welcomed back&quot; or anything like that, which is a bit cheesy but is supposed to be part of the script that recognises Hilton's frequent guest loyalty. Towards the end of the check in procedure the front desk clerk told me I had been upgraded, which would have been nice, I'm always grateful for this and know it's space available - except I had booked a double deluxe room and been upgraded to a.......twin deluxe! When I disagreed that this was an upgrade the clerk disputed my original reservation had been for a deluxe double. The room I ended up in was fine although on a low floor and a view of the Texan embassy so not sure if I was upgraded after all. When I asked about a diamond amenity (as the hotel has no executive lounge) I was told this was bottles of water and breakfast - but my room rate already included breakfast. I have either had drinks vouchers or a bottle of wine in the room in other properties, and other posters indicate being provided with wine/fruit. After some discussion, they agreed to send some wine to my room (which didn't turn up). However, at dinner they did comp me a glass of wine, and a few very nice chocolates turned up a bit later as part of the turndown service. It felt like I had to push for any of the published HHonors diamond benefits, unlike the experience of other posters on here - and I don't do DYKWIA - this should have just happened automatically.The Upper Rockwell Bar was closed for a function which meant no cocktails, and no view out of the window either - which had been my plan for a bit of relaxation.The only time I as recognised as a diamond was at breakfast the following day - no al a carte menu handed to me (they don't appear to do &quot;hot buffet&quot; during the week) - when I queried I was told I could only have a continental breakfast as I was getting it free! You may remember from above I was on a B&amp;B rate. So, all in all, not great for me. High expectations ? Yes , little touches are important to me which is why I have built up my loyalty with Hilton. Plus points, nice toiletries and a good bathroom, and two very pleasant and helpful staff (but out of seven I encountered - the remainder taking professionalism to the aloof end of the spectrum) - but not anywhere near the service standards I've had at the Tower Bridge and Canary Wharf in the last two weeks. Very disappointed - and I have only posted this here 12 days after sending this feedback to the hotel - with no response - seems to be a better chance of a reply posting here! Would recommend for a city break due to its excellent location (but pricey) but there are better hotels for business travellers.	
Mar 2 2009 	Excellent for little money	Usually when you think about London hotels you think about really expensive rates.I got through Hilton an extremely good rate room for 90€ breakfast included.The hotel is conveniently located just off Regent Street. It is a very trendy hotel.Rooms are very clean and big for London standards.Great is the breakfast, with fresh juices and just baked bread; while breakfast is served there is a singer singing ols music with his unplugged guitar.The hotel is a steal and i definitely recomend it especially for its strategical location just in the heart of the shopping area.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great location for very modern hotel	Stayed for a week+ at this Hilton for a business trip and left with a generally good impression. I'll quickly go over highs/lows...Positives:Room-was 'upgraded' due to length of stay and found room to be very clean, and comfortable. A nice view of Trafalgar Square RIGHT outside the window. Bed was decent although I'd prefer better pillows. The internet worked fine. Bathroom was modern, but prefer more functionality. Robes were nice to have.Location-I don't mind walking but found the location very close not only to all the sights, but to the nightlife/restaurants.Gym-good equipment, and never was busy. would`ve been nice to have a pool or at least a hottubLounge-quite funky and busy some nights, although see staff belowNegatives:Minbar-not that cold, and took 5 days to get a restock, although I never called frontdesk as was in meetings for most of the trip, and didn't have wherewithal to call. learned to drink the tapwaterStaff-never found anyone overly friendly whether at front-desk or bar (attitude), although girl at front desk was good on checkout.All in all, I would return.	
Feb 25 2009 	Good Value Hotel just little niggles	My Girlfriend and I booked this hotel as I bought tickets to Wicked for her birthday, and picked there because Trafalgar Square is central to everything, Initial impressions were good, hotel was easy to find, not sure about the bright pink flower pots outside, but made it easy to see i guess. The reception was strange since we weren't sure if it was reception or a internet point, it was just 4 computers on a square desk, took a member of staff to ask if he could help before we realised that was reception. The staff however were very polite and very helpful.The rooms were a good size, with large TFT screens and a double size walk in shower, the shower head wasn't great but hey, it gets alot of use! The room was quite bare and could have done with a picture on the wall, but appart from that happy with the room.At 9:30 on sunday morning the fire alarm went off, which made my girlfriend jump about 4 feet off the bed which was quite funny. But I was a bit worried about their fire alarm procedure, there were no staff outside advising were to go and what to do, or check that everyone was out, This was proved when we were going back in and we were passed by people who had obviously ignored the alarm, and were going to the reception to check out! this was a bit worrying! This should be resolved but is a one off thing, smell of burn't toast in reception kinda explained the alarm!The breakfast was excellent, plenty of choice between fruit, continental, or buffet style english breakfast, all good quality food. Tea, coffee and fruit juice was also available with decent sized glases not the silly small things you normally get. Breakfast was included in the price (£120 per room per night)Overall i was pleased with the hotel, yeah there were few little niggles, but nothing that would stop me from staying there again!	
Feb 19 2009 	The best in twenty-nine years.	The title says it.I have been staying in hotels on business since 1980..all over the world. London is where I call my home but the hotel experience has always been somewhat disappointing. Small rooms in a noisy environment, second class service being the norm.I arrived at the Trafalgar last week. I had booked through Amex Hilton Honors and was surprised, as the taxi pulled up, not to see any Hilton signage. To be honest, I thought we were in the wrong place. The polite young doorman answered my query with a smile..&quot;we're unbranded&quot; he said. Inside, reception was an open-plan area and a delightfuly pleasant receptionist took my details. Again I mentioned my surprise at the lack of branding. She smiled and just said &quot;It's the way we are, enjoy your stay - let me know if you need anything&quot;. My room was at the back of the hotel due to an error by Amex but was amazingly large and airy by normal London standards. Five minutes later, there was a knock at the door and a friendly waiter delivered a complimentary bottle of wine and some fruit. That evening, I was in London on business and was dining out down the road at the IoD. I also had to leave early the following morning so was not able to sample the restaurant but it certainly looked good as I walked past.Just walking out the front door and being in one of the most famous areas of London is amazing in itself but to be amongst genuinely friendly and attentive staff is a real bonus.I am so impressed with this hotel that I am taking my family there for a weekend break with the hotel being the major part of the treat. Believe me, this time we will sample the restaurant and everything else that is on offer. A lovely touch is that already the management have emailed to say they are waiting to welcome me back.I have no idea why this is not branded Hilton and to be honest, I don't care. If this hotel offered apartments, it would pay a Kings ransom for it to be our London home.Well done to the management and staff. Whatever happens, don't let anyone change what you are doing...it's perfect!	
Feb 8 2009 	Amazing hotel in a great location	I always try to stay at the Trafalgar whenever I travel to London. I fell in love with the hotel when I first stayed there three years ago. I think the biggest asset of this property is amazing staff - evryone is welcoming and accomodating and willing to make your stay enjoyable. At checkin, at the bar, at the restaurant - they make you feel welcome everywhere. I usually book Deluxe Plus rooms which have views of the Trafalgar Square (really nice!), and the rooms are spacious, always clean and comfortable. I am a HHonors Diamond member, and upon arrival I always find a personal welcome letter and a bottle of wine with fruits and drink coupons in the room... Hhonors perks are very generous at this property compared to other London Hilton hotels (however, HHonors members should note that there is no lounge). My only minor complaint is that I only was upgraded once, and other Hilton hotels usually upgrade me. The bar and the restaurant are great (best cocktails!). It is nice that some of the staff remember me and always give me a personal welcome. The roof restaurant is not to be missed when opened. Breakfast selection is good (and so is service). Location is great. Everything is right there and all sights are within walking distance. Look no further if you need a nice hotel with great location!	
Feb 7 2009 	Great Location and Value - Best overall in London	Stayed at The Trafalgar for 5 nights on a business trip to London. This is the fourth time I have stayed at the hotel. The rooms are spacious and recently renovated. The property overlooks Trafalgar Square which has somethinig going on all the time. The weekend I was there a day long series of rock concerts were in the square. The hotel has a great full English breakfast in the lower level with a musician playing soft music throughout the breakfast. They offer both buffet and kitchen made breakfast dishes - all highest quality. The hotel is the best location in London - walking distance to all of the theaters, Picadilly Circus, Soho, Regent Street shopping and a tube stop 50 yards from the entrance if one chooses not to walk. The concierge is very knowledgeable and helpful for theater and restaurant information. The staff is trained to be most friendly and helpful; saying hello every time you pass through the lobby. The main level operates as a bar which is quite crowded on Friday and Saturday nites which is a bit unusual, but fun. Good appetizer menu and great drink selection. Overall a great value and the best location in London. Not what one would think of for a Hilton as the building is hundreds of years old with character, but fully redone inside with a contemporary look. I highly recommend this hotel for either business or family travel - one trip was with the family in connecting rooms and by kids and wife loved the hotel.	
Feb 5 2009 	Fantastic except for one point	The hotel is in an excellent location, very easy to get around London. 2 minutes walk to Charring Cross tube station &amp; 5 minutes to Embankment.The rooms are modern and large with good amenities (iron &amp; ironing board, tea &amp; coffee, mini bar, safe, decent hair dryer etc) - only downside was that they were very hot. The staff were friendly &amp; helpful.My only complaint &amp; something I wanted to make others aware of is that as with many hotels, when you check in they take £100 from your card as a guarentee on any room extras/mini bar etc (I would imagine this is per night). Whilst I completely understand why this is done, what annoyed me was that despite not spending anything in the hotel, the £100 has still not been refunded to me (now 4 days after checking out!). Could have been even more annoying if at the end of the month and this was all the money I had left! Just be aware of this.On the whole though, we loved this hotel and will definitely return.	
Feb 3 2009 	Fantastic weekend	The Trafalgar was an excellent hotel. The location was brilliant, staff really friendly and helpful. Would definately stay again.	
Jan 27 2009 	The Trafalgar was Great!	My family and I went to London for Christmas and we stayed at the Trafalgar. It was definitely a great choice since it is in the centre of all London activity! The location is perfect since it's a walking distance from all the prominent sights.The service was really good, very helpful- the bar and restaurant staff especially were really friendly. The rooms were clean, modern and spacious.	
Jan 26 2009 	Lovely hotel excellent location!	Really nice hotel,with an excellent location. Our room was really spacious. With nice little touches like better than normal toiletries, bath robes, slippers. The staff at reception were very friendly.Overall an excellent, modern hotel.	
Jan 22 2009 	Very nice!	I booked this hotel as a treat to myself for my birthday so i didn't have the hassle of night bus travel after a night out in Leicester Square with friends. I got a great deal on lastminute.com, a room with kingsize bed for £98. The room was great, quite a bit more spacious than i was expecting, with a fab flat screen TV, cd stereo system and dvd player, all of which i took advantage of! The bed was amazingly comfortable and all the little amenities in the bathroom were great. The only negative i can think of is the tap in the bath was a bit loose, and you couldn't take anything out of the minibar to put your own stuff in as it would charge you. Apart from those minor things, i loved this hotel and would definately stay again if i could get a cheap rate.I can't comment on the public areas like the bar or restuarant as i didn't use them.	
Jan 19 2009 	outstanding	We always go to London for our Wedding anniversary, and look for a comtempory style hotel, consequently would not usually book into a Hilton for this occasion. The Trafalgar is not like a Hilton in the way it looks and is not branded Hilton-which was the attraction to us. The Hotel is in just the best position and easy enough to find with secure public parking right behind. We were able to unload our bags in the side street outside and were met by a member of staff who took our luggage while we checked in. We were early but this was not a problem, a call to house keeping found the room to be ready, I parked the car while my wife was helped to the room with the bags. The studio room was exactly what we wanted comtempory furnished and minimal with a separate lounge area with huge flat screen T.V, DVD, bose sound system, sofa, dining table and even a second W.C. The bathroom was big, clean and modern. The bedroom was a good size and had everything you could need. The bed was comfortable and from the lounge we had a view of the London Eye and big Ben and from the bedroom Trafalgar square. We had Cocktails in the bar after seeing a show and a buffet Breakfast accompany by live acoustic guitar- just perfect! We have stayed in most of the top Hip hotels in London but have never returned to the same one twice for our anniversary. However we will definitely return to the Trafalgar it has the right Mix of everything for us, central position comtempory modern- but, probably because it is a Hilton, the right mix of people- a few young and vital types combined with more mature residents ensured a fantastic mix that we felt totally comfortable with. Well done The Trafalgar.	
Jan 16 2009 	Great start for our trip	My fiance made our reservation through Hilton Hotels website. He arrived a couple days before me and checking in was super easy and everyone was very polite and helpful with maps and information. He used the room service and it had a decent selection and arrived quickly and was great.I had spoken to Rashida previously and had a gift waiting for him (cordinated through several e-mails which were very prompt and friendly) which she gave as promised, greeting him herself. I arrived a couple days later with all the luggage which was promptly brought up after being greeted at the entrance.We had a view overlooking the square which was gorgeous. It was very centrally located and we had a great time wandering during our time there, subway access right across the street.Staff was always very friendly and curteous withoout being intrusive.Accomodations weren't extravagant, but the room and bathroom were large with plenty of room and very comfortable.We hope to go back and visit again.	
Jan 15 2009 	Service weak tries hard good location	I used Hilton Honors points which I think is the only way for an American to stay in London as the pound remains ridiculous at an exchange rate and using hotel points is highway robbery. Anyone who uses their hotel points in the US is surely wasting them.The service staff was completely disinterested here, the bellmen just standing by the door and watching as we opened it to go inside. The front desk staff was also relatively unaccommodating. I have not stayed at other London hotels recently but my gut tells me that the comment from another reviewer regarding the fact that there are better options elsewhere rings true to me.The room was also unusual with no view, bi-level with no good view of the television from the bed and the most awkward layout of furniture I have ever seen. The place attempts to be modern in that backwards and awkward English style.We wanted to have English Tea somewhere and the concierge was completely unhelpful in finding a place or in offering assistance in securing a place and told us another Hilton in town offered it. What he neglected to say and should have known is that the place booked up days in advance and so we made a special trip to no avail. I complained to management to which I never got a response and ended up not being able to have tea as it seems that there are no more English living in London and her hospitality has long since disappeared with her colonies.	
Jan 6 2009 	Give it a miss! Not bad but plenty better around!	The hotel is in a great location, but the general facilities are not great.The room was ok, it was small but fairly comfy. It was clean and there was a good bathroom.The internet was charged and was expensive, so i didnt use this.The front desk were not good and I received my &quot;peliminary&quot; bill before checkout which contained charges for the minibar which we hadnt used. I called the front desk and queried this and they said the bill would be amended and my card would not be charged.It was charged £68! I called and asked them why they did this, and they never called me back. I called again and the guy said he would check the minibar listing and then refund my card. This has yet to happen.Overall it's not good for the money it costs. Go stay somewhere else as although the location is good, it's just not worth the money.	
Jan 2 2009 	Great stay great staff perfect location	Perfect in everyway. Room was great, staff was friendly and helpful and the breakfast is awesome. We would stay again in a heartbeat.	
Dec 5 2008 	London the way it's meant to be experienced	I've stayed at the Trafalgar 4 times over the past few years. I'm always thrilled with the location right in the Trafalgar Square which is makes it walking distance to the sights, theatre and nighlife in the West End and steps away from the tube. For those familiar with the W Hotel chain, this property offers the same combination of style, smartly dressed guests and generally flashy/yuppy environment. The rooms and appointments are very good by London standards. Rooms are comfortable and somewhat spartan all the while being very comfortable. A definite must-see is the rooftop terrace. If you're fortunate enough to be in London during the warmer months, it's a wonderful vantage point to take in the city.The breakfast offered on the lower level is excellent and commensurately priced. It is a recommended stop at least once if you decide to forgo a sloppy English breakfast in favour of something a bit more North American.	
Dec 3 2008 	Great Stay	My wife, daughter and myself stayed at the Trafalgar over Thanksgiving week. While people have complained about being able to find the hotel - it is right on the square, across the street from Canada House. Look for the clock over the doorway and you are there. Why others could not find the reception area, I don;t know, as the lobby is realtively small and there is someone at the corner door to direct to the left and the funky reception.We arrived from our overnight flight at 9:00am - the room was not ready - but they checked us in and upgraded us to larger room with a king bed. They took care of our luggage while we went off on a quick tour. Upon our return at 12:30 we were given our room keys and shown to our room. All the luggage had already been brought up - which was great.The room for London was very spacious. Minimalist - no pictures on the wall - big deal. Very clean and well stocked with towels etc. The bed - could be better but not horrible - the roll away bed for my daughter was more than adequate.Being Hilton Diamond, they gave all three of us breakfast each morning in the lower level. The english breakfast is more than adequate with excellent variety of breads, chees, smoked fish, fresh fruit and on and on.the location as can be imagined was excellent. Easy walks to many of the sights and a block from the Underground. We took the Underground to the hotel. You do need to make a change from the Piccadily to either the Bakerloo or Northern Line. I recommend the Bakerloo transfer at Piccadily as you will deal with fewer steps with your luggage. I wouldn;t take the fast express train from the airport - which is expensive and takes you to Paddington - which frankly is a pain in the butt to get to Trafalgar - so you might as well save money and take the underground.Other recommendations - purchase the London Pass - a good value if you are going to atl east 6 sites and with it but the Travel Pass. I know we got our moenys worth for the three day passes - one less money thing to worry about as well.Bottom line - nice hotel, very nice staff, clean rooms a very good experience!!	
Dec 3 2008 	Birthday treat	Our stay started off quite bad, the journy wasn't great then the rooms that we thought we booked online were not available!Enter Rashida, a very pleasant girl with a big smile. Well Rashida quickly sorted out our rooms (which were great) then arranged for the birthday girls,(my wife and my aunty) to have a lovely bottle of Champagne sent to the room. The weekend went splendidly and we all agreed that when we visit London for another show (my birthday) we will be booking into the Trafalger and hope that we wil be greated by Rashida as we believe that she will indeed lok after us once again.Dean,Shropshire	
Nov 28 2008 	Wicked time in London	Having made a booking for the Hempel hotel in London and then cancelled it based on the reviews here I was looking for a new botique style hotel for my girlfriend and I to stay in for a weekend in London. The Trafalgar Hilton hotel came back from both googling and a search on this site. Having read reviews we went ahead and booked. And I am glad I did. It was one of the better hotel experiences I have had in a while.Now, I will say that this hotel may not suit everybody. But as a 30yr old man taking his girlfriend away for a great weekend it was top notch.Upon arrival we came into the bar downstairs, lively with suits on a Friday evening but there was a nice buzz about the place. We went over to check in and were upgraded immediately to a deluxe room (which was nice). At all times over the weekend the staff (from the desk to room service) were top notch. I cannot fault their friendliness or attention to detail and sense of duty to looking after you as a guest in the hotel. The room was lovely (if a bit minimal for my taste) with plenty of movies etc and well stocked, bathroom was great. Room service was spot on, only slow the one time when I ordered a steak sandwich but I had been called by the kitchen already to let me know that it would be 15min or so before it arrived.BEST BLOODY MARYS you can get as well !! I mean it they have to be tasted to be believed.Breakfast buffet was lovely, again staff downstairs were great.Would stay here again next time I am back in London.	
Nov 27 2008 	Great Location	I'll start with the positive-The location was amazing! We were able to come back to the hotel anytime we wanted and we were able to walk to every sight, road, tube, in just 5-10 minutes. The National Gallery is literally steps away and the double decker bus tour meeting point is just across the street. We had a wonderful stay but we didn't LOVE the hotel. The room and bathroom were very big but the bed was not comfortable at all. The staff was not overly friendly and the drinks were very expensive. We used our points to get this hotel and if we would have paid full price we would have been very disappointed. But since we used our points we were just thrilled to be there and had a great time!	
Nov 14 2008 	Trafalgar - Hilton?	The Trafalgar describes itself as the only 'Unbranded' Hilton.....why is this? It was a really good hotel in a kind of a way - but the only thing 'Hilton' standard was the service. De-Luxe plus room promised view of Trafalgar Square, well if you reached your neck and craned to the side - you got a glimpse. Rooms also are not de-luxe plus.....they're nice, they're big for central London but they're stark and too minimalist. Please do what it takes to brand this hotel in the familiar Hilton fashion and show us some real luxury in those de-luxe plus rooms (see Glasgow Hilton for example). The Location was wonderful, really superb, the staff &amp; service were also wonderful. Restaurant ok but breakfast in the morning was a bit gloomy as it's a basement with no natural light - &amp; lose the live music at breakfast and pipe it in - spend the money on the rooms! I really liked The Trafalgar but I didn't love it - and I usually LOVE Hilton hotels.......	
Nov 5 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	We have just stayed 4 nights at the Trafalgar Hilton and were somewhat wary due to other reviews but as it turned out we liked this hotel.The reception area is easy to find as it is just to the left as you go in.We found the staff to be friendly and helpful even though we were probably their oldest guests.The bar is to one side and as there is separate walkway to the lifts so you don't come into contact with nightclubbers.The room was nice and clean with good quality furniture, I wouldn't class it as minimalist or austere.The bathroom was very well appointed with good quality towels and toiletries.The position of the Hotel is good but get used to walking across multiple traffic lights to get where you want to go.A Tesco Metro is near and handy but a bigger one is available a bit further up the Strand.All in all we would be happy to return to the Trafalgar.	
Oct 29 2008 	Excellent Property	My wife and I stayed here with Hilton reward points and throughlly enjoyed our stay. The room was comfortable and spacious, the service was excellent - hotel staff brought us complimentary fruit and a bottle of wine..each night there was something waiting for us.This hotel is extremely well located and we easily made our way on foot to many london landmarks including Buckingham Palace, Big Ben (British Parliament), and Westminster Abbey. It is also a short walk to the Charing Cross Subway station which gives convienient access to all of London.Would definately stay at this hotel again!	
Oct 18 2008 	Great hotel	Got the hotel quite cheap through lastminute's secret hotels. Pros: Fantastic location, very comfy beds, great views from the rooftop bar and lovely staff.Cons: DVD library hardly has any DVDs! That's all I can think of.	
Oct 13 2008 	Modern Rooms Great Location Miserable Beds	The positives:Great location on Trafalgar Square. Quick walk to Parliament, Eye, SoHo, Piccadilly. The two best art museums in London at your doorstep.Nice sized rooms with ample bathrooms.Plasma TV.Hip and happening bar in the lobby and roof deck in good weather.The negatives:The beds are horrendous. Thin mattresses on spring platforms.Linens are of poor quality. I would wash my car with the towels.No built in closets - instead, dormitory style armoires - so no drawers and 7 hangers per closet.15 pounds per day internetRoom service with &quot;service,&quot; &quot;tray,&quot; and &quot;delivery&quot; fees.If you want a great location and large rooms in a hip hotel, this is a good moderately priced choice. If you are a light sleeper or weigh more than 150 lbs, think twice.	
Oct 3 2008 	Great hotel great location	After a long series of stays at the Hiltons in America my job has taken me off the road for the time being. At my wife's suggestion, we cashed in a sizable portion of my HHonor &amp; Continental points for a dream vacation to London. Our destination, the Trafalgar. We arrived with none of the issues finding the hotel others had. It's right on Trafalgar Square across the street from Canada House. No ProblemoWhen we arriverd, the hotel staff was certainly a cut above the norm. Any question we had was resolved and issues didn't arise because they were cut off before they could even become issues. The rooms were pleasent enough. We were on the 4th floor with a view of Nelson's Column. There was no outside noise to speak of - even when facing the busy square on a weekned. The bathroom was a bit confusing at first - 6 knobs on the tub :) but we figured it out and after that it was delightful.Three staff members deserve special mention:1. Tom Howard - concierge extraordinaire. Part of our trip was planning to see a specific painting by Vermeer. The problem was, this painting is owned by Her Majesty, the Queen and is not always displayed in the same gallery. Google and the web were no help tracking the canvas down. Mr Howard precisely pinned down the location and helped make our trip a success. 2. Danny, on the reception desk. Danny consistently anticipated our needs - from maps and directions to scheduling a taxi for our return to Heathrow. His service was the cut above I've grown to enjoy from the Hilton. 3. Craig, our Breakfast Waiter. There is table service and then there is table service. Craig, after one night, knew our names, meal preferences, drink orders, and even how often we needed our glasses refilled. In my travels, I've yet to find a server so quick to make my wife and myself fell at home. He is truly a credit to the Trafalgar and helped us to start each day on an excellent note. Plenty of deluxe touches from the wonderful bar to the rotting guitarists during our breakfast made our stay a delight. In summary, the Trafalgar, in addition to being perfectly located in the heart of London, provided a level of service above and beyond the norm.	
Sep 23 2008 	Very pleasant stay	The hotel is very conveniently situated; it was wonderful to step outside and be instantly in Trafalgar Square, on a perfect Autumn day at 9am before all the tourists got there. Walkable distance to many other central London locations, too. I found the staff extremely helpful and friendly. The lobby is trendy and stylish, and we liked it.Although the food at the breakfast buffet was top notch, I did not care for the decor of the breakfast room. Dimly-lit, black chairs, and a guitarist! I felt as if I were in the Monty Python cheese shop sketch - wanted to stand up and say 'Stop that bloody bouzouki playing!'. At breakfast, I require a light airy space, newspapers and quiet, and I'm sure I'm not alone in this.The room itself was fine - white bedclothes, many electrical points, upmarket toiletries. Despite the fact that we were in central London, there was no traffic noise, as the windows are apparently triple-glazed. Wardrobes irritatingly located just inside the room door and outside the bathroom, making it impossible for one person to go past whilst the other was looking in the wardrobe. By the way, I think it's very funny when people complain about not being able to see the hotel sign; if you have the address of the hotel, then the words THE TRAFALGAR outside, the revolving doors and people walking in and out with suitcases are kind of a giveaway. Perhaps those who can't find their hotel are not yet ready for the rigours of international travel!	
Sep 10 2008 	GREAT LOCATION - Good value for london	This is a Hilton hotel and the room was typical Hilton standard. Hotel does not give Hilton Honours credits; otherwise good value for a hotel in London .The location is really great, walking distance to many, many central London sights. We stayed three nights. We took a package including dinner on first night and daily breakfast included at GBP 138/night including taxes. The roof bar is worth a visit, but note that drinks are expensive. Avoid rooms 610 to 612 as they are close to the entrance to the Roof Bar and are noisy because of people going to the toilets. The Lobby is also a very, very noisy bar so avoid rooms on the lower three floors.	
Sep 6 2008 	Location Location Location	Excellent hotel in all aspects especially the location. The hotel is within wlaking distance of much of the major attractions in London. The few attractions that are further away can easilt be reached by the tube or buses that are right outside the entrance of the hotel. Room had a nice view of Trafalgar Square also.	
Aug 25 2008 	Perfect location friendly staff very chic	I was very curious about this hotel after reading several very divergent reviews. Here's the real scoop as I see it. The hotel is perfectly located, central to most everything. The hotel is not your typical Hilton (I'm a Gold member), much more like a boutique type hotel. I found it quite refreshing. The lobby really isn't a typical lobby as many have said. It's a large lounge with nice jazz and a cool vibe most of the time except perhaps early. If you come in one door, you will walk directly into the check-in desk, not a counter but a desk. Some seem bothered by this but it didn't seem odd to me at all. If you come in the other door, you will meet the concierge you will direct you to the other side where the check in desk is located. As I said, not typical but perfectly fine.The rooms are very nice, minimalistic, cool, and ours had a beautiul tile and marble bathroomn that was wonderful. No complaints whatsover. Skip the minimbar though as you will go broke with $8 cokes. We found the staff very courteous and nice. The bartenders were great, the manager a true pleasure. Check out the rooftop bar as it is a great place to have a drink.Finally, let me say that Michael Phelps was staying at the hotel at the same time we were, having just arrived from Beijing for the Olympic handover to London. If that isn't the best endoresement for this particular hotel, I don't know what is. Enjoy!	
Aug 25 2008 	The winning formula for a great weekend!	What can I say about our stay at The Trafalgar Hilton, apart from we had an absolutely amazing romantic weekend there. The hotel offers a fabulous location and convenience to all of Londons attractions. The staff were extremely polite and helpful anytime we asked for assistance with directions, calling taxis and contacting restuarants. We found the whole Trafalgar setup very chic, stylish and boutique in presentation but not at all pretentious.The trafalgar is part for the Hilton hotel group, but I am very glad it doesnt fall in line with other big brand Hilton hotels my partner &amp; I have stayed in, as personally i think they can sometimes focus too much on the big brand name and therefore lack character and atmosphere, something my girlfriend and I personally think the Trafalgar has, due to it being different from the norm.I can see where alot of people maybe 'concerned' due to the lack off exterior Hilton signs etc. However the building does display a sign saying &quot;The Trafalagar&quot; above the main front door which will lead you straight to the conceirge desk, from there the check-in reception is 10m away (just to the left of the bar).The rooms at the Trafalgar were always spotlessly clean and well maintained, everything changed daily as far as we could tell. We found the rooms extremely comfortable and had a very modern and contemporary feel to them inline with the rest of the decor of the hotel, what you see in the hotel pictures is actually what you get. Other nice little touches were the creams and lotions left on your pillow at night, you bed being turned down for you etc.The Trafalgar bar, The Rockwell, is very nice and seems to have an endless selection off drinks to choose from, try the Vanilla Mojito. In the evenings as other reviewers have commented, the bar itself becomes very lively, which attracts a young professional crowd and has a DJ playing, more so on a Friday and Saturday nights, but it doesnt transform into a bustling nightclub, its more a pre going out bar if anything.All in all we would definitely go back and stay at the Trafalgar as it made our romantic getaway even better! Thanks to Hotel and all the staff, job well done.	
Aug 14 2008 	Disappointed HH Diamond member	On holiday with my family we stayed 3 nights at the Trafalgar Hilton. The Hotel would be better served if it changed its name to a &quot;W&quot; hotel. It is a minimalist boutique hotel with sparse if any decor in the rooms with little semblance to a Hilton hotel; cold and sterile is the best description. I had reserved 2 rooms, the twin beds in one room would be better described as “cots” as they were extremely small. As a HHonors Diamond member I should have been given complimentary room upgrades with free continental breakfast. The later was not offered and I had to negotiate the breakfast option at the forfeit of the room upgrade. The hotel finally obliged to offer us both amenities of room upgrades and breakfast. In all my years as a Diamond member this situation was ridiculous. Another gimmick I found interesting was that the hotel added gratuity to the beverage and restaurant bills after the fact without informing you of such action. Not sure of the appropriate tipping standard in the UK, I added a tip to my bills. Upon check out I realized servers received a double tip. Candidly, the hotel is ideally situated but that is about it. As a point of reference our next stop was the Arc de Triomphe Paris Hilton………..that was an outstanding hotel and the manager of the Trafalgar Hilton should pay them a visit.	
Aug 10 2008 	Great Location	We booked 4 rooms at the Trafalgar Hilton for a one night stay prior to a cruise. It was a little difficult to find , then we realized after circling the block that it was on the corner with just a discreet sign saying The Trafalgar, no big Hilton sign. You walk into the lobby &amp; there is a bar &amp; a small desk to check in although it took me a minute to realize it was indeed the check in desk. The staff was very helpful &amp; check in was a breeze. The rooms were well appointed, beds comfortable, very nice bathrooms. The decor is very modern, contemporary. I found that I enjoyed it as it was such a change from my own home &amp; hotels I usually stay in. So, I didn't find it &quot;souless&quot; but if you're not fond of that type of decor you may not want to stay longer. The best part of this hotel was the LOCATION. We walked to the theatre to see Jersey Boys. I would stay here again simply for the location &amp; access.	
Aug 10 2008 	Trendy and different with best location	We had a good stay at this trendy hotel. It's not a standard Hilton and just therefore it was different and sensational. We had a standard Plus room, wich was very spacious and had a calm view and location to a nearby office building. The room was well equipped with both DVD, CD-player, flatscreen, coffee/tea making facilities, bathroom and slippers, and had Temple Spa as bathroom amenities. The bar was very nice with a DJ and serving signature cocktails, as well as the restaurant in the basement served good food to ok prices. Breakfast was ok but nothing special- here they could use a little bit more innovation and focus of improvement. The breakfast at The Waldorf Hilton is much better. It's not luxury but a good trendy first class choice. The location is convient and best at Trafalgar Square, just foot steps from China Town, Big Ben, Downing Street, Bond Street, Buckingham Palace - you name it. Unfortunately the service limping overall, its seems that the staff are not well trained in their service skills. We ordered ice from room service we didn't recivied, the breakfast waitress missed to serve us both coffee and orange juice as well as some of the front desk staff are insignificant.	
Jul 30 2008 	Largest room in London	Moved here after spending first couple of days at the awful Sheraton Park Lane. Talk about going from the outhouse to the Penthouse. Whereas the Park Lane punished you for booking on priceline by giving you a dreadful, shabby room, the Trafalgar gave me a beautiful and enormous room-the largest I've ever had in London. You have to be okay with contemporary decor, but what I've found in London is that contemporary decor usually means a room that's been redone since the Tories were last in power.Unlike other reviewers I found the service to be just fine. Yes, it is of the modern, W Hotel variety, and there is not a typical front desk. Maybe I just arrived at the right time, but the staff couldn't have been lovelier. Meanwhile the location is PERFECT. Trafalgar is outside your door, everything is literally minutes away.	
Jul 28 2008 	Modern...	When you enter the hotel lobby you will get confused. At least I was. Is this really the hotel? It more looks like a bar. Especially if you arrive in the evening the sound level is really high and there is no visible reception desk. Anyway there is a reception and the staff is very friendly. The hotelroom is more like an ordinary hotelroom, but modern. However it is spacious, but very few furnitures. I would have liked two armchairs in a doubleroom, especially when the room is so large.The breakfast is OK, but not anything special.The location is of course more than perfect, but overall the hotell is soulless.In my view it is not worth the money to stay here. There are loads with more exiting hotels in London.	
Jul 23 2008 	Will not be staying here again	My husband is a Hilton honours member and picked this hotel to stay in for a family trip to London. As other people have commented the hotel has poor signage and if not for the taxi driver would have been hard to find. The rooms are very minimalistic and plain, it looked like someone had forgotten to put any art on the wall. It is useful to be aware that the rooms at the back of the hotel back onto an office block which was so close you could see the computer screen savers. This makes the rooms quite dark. The main problems that we had with the hotel were :-- the maid came into my sons' room at 11.00pm to do the turn down service. They were quite frightened by this as they had already gone to bed.On another evening they did the turn down service before 5pm.-one night we found that housekeeping had run out of duvet covers and decided to put the duvet between 2 sheets which just moved as soon as you got into bed .-in breakfast on the last day some of the bread products had run out and I was told that they would try to replace them but had I come earlier it had looked lovely. There was also an issue with teapot lids, they had run out. On the positive side the hotel is in an ideal location but overall have stayed in better Hilton hotels which are less pretentious and more welcoming.	
Jul 19 2008 	Great Service @ The Trafalgar	Our stay at the Trafalgar Hilton was wonderful. We spent 3 nights here and it was a perfect location for a short stay with the art museums and great shopping and dining just steps away, as well as Covent Garden, theatres, great night life. Our room overlooked the Canadian Embassy and the street view was a source of entertainment as we people watched late one night. The room was upgraded because my husband is a Hilton Diamond member but it surpassed even our expectations. Huge bathroom with a glassed in shower that was spectacular—loved the bathroom! Our room was also huge with steps up to a sitting area. Everything was just so and decorated in a trendy modern style that was appealing. Plenty of closets and drawers—flat screen TV for those who can’t do without. Comfortable bed—great for late night reading, gift basket with wine, newspaper daily and other goodies. The staff was something to rave about from the very second we stepped into the lobby which is also a very lively bar. They were attentive and great with directions, dinner suggestions—you name it and they made certain everything was just so. The bar (it’s a Bourbon Bar) is huge and is well attended nightly by everyone from well dressed office workers to tourists to girl’s night out attendees. Fun place to have a drink before dinner or after. We had room service one night and it was served with elegance on a white cloth covered cart. The food, which came promptly, was hot and delicious—my prawns were perfect. Breakfast was downstairs in a beautifully appointed room and the food was delicious—service again was excellent. They also handled a mishap with my husband who realized once we were on the train to Edinburgh that he had left some clothing in the closet. He called the hotel and told them we’d be back in London a week later. They held his clothes and had them delivered to the hotel where we were staying on our return.	
Jul 15 2008 	It Was Okay ......	We stayed here for two nights after a European cruise. This hotel is centrally located and is accesible to all public means of transportation. We had to make sure it was actually a Hilton Hotel before we let the taxi go since you will not see any Hilton name outside. The set up of the lobby and the front desk is a bit different than the usual lobby hotels. The agents are all standing around a rectangular table while you are being checked in and standing awkwardly behind them. We are still trying to figure out the logic behind that set up. The decor in the whole hotel is very retro and towards the &quot;boutique&quot; type of design - green and blue elevators and just &quot;fancy&quot; art work all over. The room/bathroom was clean and service was okay. Food was a bit expensive for what you get, but this is London! For the location, we would stay here again.	
Jul 14 2008 	It Grew On Me	I stayed at the hotel for 2 nights after a business trip. I arrived Friday night about 9:30 PM after a delayed flight and a very long week. I was exhausted. At first I thought the cab had dropped me the wrong place as it looked like a bar and the music was so loud I could not hear people speak well. There was no one at the door, and no one to help bring bags to my room. As described the check-in desk was in the same room with the bar and loud music. There was also a concierge desk but the person there could not book anything and I could not hear them because of the music. I was dreading that I had made a bad mistake in booking the hotel. But, the 6th floor room was totally quiet and quite comfortable. The room service menu and service was great. When I came down the next morning breakfast was a wonderful selection and there was a folk guitarist. The next day there was a classical guitarist. Ther concierge was quite helpful the next day and also booked a car to the airport. There was someone to help me with the bags as well. The hotel had a rooftop bar as well that was a great touch. It looks out over Trafalgar square. But, on check-out there was a person in front of me who was taking a long time. No one came to help me. I saw the cab they had arranged outside and went out to make sure it was mine. When I came back in a third person had come in and someone had immediately come over to help him. I simply left my keys as I had a flight to catch. So, the experience was a mix. It is a boutique hotel and I don't think that those booking there due to the name of Hilton are expecting this. The staff tries to be helpful, but is somewhat disorganized. If I was in London again to see the sites around Trafalgar Square I would stay there.	
Jul 10 2008 	Location Location Location	We recently stayed 2 nights at the Trafalgar. When we got in, they told us our room wasn't ready and were really apologetic about the whole thing. It was about 1pm so I wasn't too surprised. When we got back, we found out that they upgraded us to a suite. The room was palatial for UK standards - a bedroom, a den, 2 bathrooms and a small room where there were 2 armoires.The rooms were very modern and very hip (in some ways maybe trying a little too hard). Beds were very fluffy and comfortable. The one thing to be aware of, however, is if you don't have breakfast included - it is rather spendy... about $45/person! And nothing spectacular - pretty basic fare. The other odd thing was that there were 2 flat screen TVs in our room both with DVD players but the TVs were set up with the hotel network so you couldn't use them. I called for help, but they weren't really able to do much -- I found that a little odd.Staff was very friendly and always willing to help.	
Jul 6 2008 	We had a wonderful stay!	I shopped for our London hotel using the reviews here at TripAdvisor, so I want to share our experience at the Trafalgar Hilton.Our flight was to land at Gatwick at 7am, which would put us at the hotel at about 10am. I emailed the Trafalgar Hilton requesting an early check in, knowing that they could only provide if available. We arrived at the hotel at about 9:30am in the pouring rain. The staff whisked us from the taxi into the hotel. They already knew who we were, they were expecting us. Our room was ready within minutes of our arrival.Everyone was friendly and helpful. The concierge offered excellent tour and dining suggestions. We had the breakfast buffet every morning. I would have considered the breakfast buffet pricy if it was not already included in our room rate, but it was plentiful and tasty. There was even live music (jazz guitarist or coffee-house-style guitar) with breakfast! If you choose to not take the breakfast buffet, there is a Pret a Manger less than 1 block away.Our room was quiet and comfortable. We like a more-firm bed, so we found the bed to be very comfortable. Our stay did not include a Saturday Night, but on Friday the Lobby Bar did get hopping. We never heard any of the music in our room; our room was as quiet that night as any other night. You can't beat the location! Many of London's tourist attractions are walking distance from the Trafalgar Hilton. We were in London to be tourists, so location was important to me.We had a wonderful stay at the Trafalgar Hilton.	
Jul 2 2008 	Trafalgar disappointment	I recently stayed at the Trafalgar Hilton on business.My driver had some difficulty finding this hotel, because the building only has a &quot;The Trafalgar&quot; sign on the outside.One enters from a small side street across from Trafalgar Square.Tthe majority of the first floor is occupied by a large bar.Check in is a little clumsy; a couple of desks in the corner of the room. I am a Hilton Honors member with an established profile as a non smoker. I had asked for a room on one of the top floors because I had been warned that the bar can get noisy and the noise can carry. I was given a room on a top floor, but it was a smoking room. I promptly asked for a different room and was told the only availability was on the first floor. I reluctantly accepted. My room was above the bar, and on the main street side. The noise at night was loud enough to wake you.In general I found the staff to be polite but cool. The uniform is black and the greeting at the door when entering the hotel was cold.I was disappointed with the hotel. The bar, a boubon bar, even by London standards is expensive ($15e for a shot of good bourbon).The location is good, but I found the general charm, and courtesy of the staff to be lacking. I would suggest investigating some other choices.	
Jun 12 2008 	Absolutley lovely	Stayed here last saturday night, booked it the night before on lastmin.com, got double room for £80, a bargain. Hotel is in the best place in London, right on trafalgar square. The check in was smooth and staff very polite. My room was on the fifth floor with a side view of the square. Excellent room with all mod cons, dvd player, hi fi and flat screen tv, even an iron and ironing board. Went out for the evening but I had a drink on the roof terrace bar over looking trafalgar square. Its fab you must go up there, drinks a little pricey but still worth it. I left my bag the next day so I could visit the sights of the capital and the staff were again very helpful. I would highly recommend this hotel and would love to stay again sometime.	
Jun 12 2008 	The Trafalgar London is outstanding	It was our first trip to London and we weren't sure what to expect in a continental hotel. The Trafalgar London (a Hilton property) is outstanding--very modern and clean, a top notch staff, and a cozy roof-top bar with great views. The hotel is located in Trafalgar Square and is thus within easy walking distance to most of the major London tourist sites. We walked everywhere and the Trafalgar's location allowed us to do that and avoid expensive transit costs. The nearby &quot;Original Tour&quot; buses were great too--check them out. You can ride all day with on/off privileges for one price. Definitely consider the Trafalgar London if you are heading for London.	
Jun 3 2008 	Very Pleased with the Trafalgar	From our early check-in to our late check-out, we were very pleased with the Trafalgar.We stayed for three nights and were pleasantly surprised by the spaciousness of the rooms and the helpful staff. They helped us get tickets to some of the major attractions, such as the London Eye and were very pleasant as we came and went.With such a central location, we were able to walk to many of the things we wanted to see.We would certainly stay again.	
May 25 2008 	Not for families or business travelers	Stayed for a few nights on business and am mixed about it. The hotel is in an amazing location, literally right across from Trafalgar Square, so things could not have been closer. But, the rooms are straight out of Ikea - cheap wardrobes instead of closets and the mattress on the bed was an absolute shocker. It was the worst sleep I've ever had. The staff were ok, but definitely not warm or friendly. The lobby is also not your typical Hilton, its more like a night club that happens to have rooms upstairs. I think if you're 20 years old with lower expectations, then you'll love it.	
May 11 2008 	Jewell in the Hilton Crown 10/10	Just spent 4 nights here in a double delux club room, been before and enjoyed our stay but this trip only strengthened our love of this hotel.The location is amazing, the style modern yet retaining a personal polite approach, if anything this is one place that correctly reflects the majesty of London in a modern age.Every staff member was polite and very helpfull, the atmoshere is buzzing, the rooms spotless and roomy.Loved our stay so much have immediatley booked another stay for next month. Well done Trafalger Hilton. And thanks for thecity view room	
Apr 22 2008	We would stay there again and again!	My husband and I left the kids with the grandparents and went for a whirlwind trip (4 days) to London - my first time. From the moment we arrived at the Trafalgar to our departure we experienced impecable service. The rooms, as advertised, were minimalist in design, but highly functional and clean. The concierge was ever present and helped us with directions and tickets to all the tourist stuff I dragged my husband to! By the way, if you want an authentic London theatre experience, go to Agatha Christie's &quot;The Mousetrap&quot; at the St. Martin's Theatre. It is the longest running play in London - and within 10 minutes of the hotel. There were always several staff members waiting to hold doors, answer questions, and to just ask how our day was going. The lounge/bar area was funky and cool. The hotel is very centrally located and just a short walk to the local underground access. I can't recommend this hotel enough.	
Apr 16 2008 	a pleasant surprise	Realy enjoyed our three day stay at the Trafalgar. Great location. Spacious, minimalist rooms. Stayed with our family (five in total) including two late teens. Went to see Hairspray which is a fantastic show and highly recommended. Parking was as usual expensive but right next to the hotel although they no longer have a special deal so you pay full price. Check in was efficient although a little slow. There is a gym although it only has one running machine - get there early or late! I like the Hilton policy of charging half price for a second room if it is for children this really helps in expensive cities like London. All in all pleasantly surprised by this Hilton. As an Honours member i have stayed in a number around the country. Only gripe, breakfast service is extremely hit and miss. We walked out on our last morning after waiting for 15 minutes with absolutely no service whatsoever!!! They were busy, however, hardly any staff on duty. Would we return - maybe, if we could be guaranteed breakfast!	
Apr 5 2008	Great location lousy service	Stayed here last week on a reward stay. Very nice hotel and outstanding location. Probably not a place to bring kids, etc. Place looks like a &quot;W&quot; or an Ian Schrager hotel, etc. Definitely different for Hilton. Lobby is very cool and the restaurant in the basement is cool as well. They have a guy playing live music everyday for breakfast. The location is absolutely fantastic. We found ourselves stopping by the hotel twice a day or so just to freshen up, etc. while touring the city. We got &quot;upgraded&quot; I guess to one of these rooms pictured. It looks right onto Trafalgar Square. Room needed some minor updating. Probably been 5-8 years since it had a refresh. Lobby is better maintained. Bring an Ipod cord for the stereo. There is not one in the room. Nice big, flatscreen tv in the room. Breakfast buffet is great.negatives--Internet is 15 pounds per day- ridiculous. -Service is not just below average, but bad. Hotel management should read this website and make some changes. Several people commented about this. Called the Front Desk several times. One day, they did not even pick up, I had to go down there. Ordered room service three times, twice the guy who brought it forgot to bring a bill, so we weren't charged for it. I figured this made up for the internet charges! Front desk staff is bad, borderline obnoxious.Anyways, location and motif make up for lousy service.	
Apr 1 2008 	Excellent Choice	An excellent, modern choice in London. The room was spacious, clean, and very modern, complete with a view of Trafalgar Square. The bathroom was large, and comfortable, and we quite enjoyed the robes and slippers. I was surprised to find such a chic hotel with a boutique-feel under the Hilton brand! We almost missed the hotel, due to the (thankfully!) non-descript branding on the exterior. The location is also superb, close enough to the activity without being on top of the crowds. We stayed for five nights and would not hesitate to return. Fabulous experience. Make sure to visit the hotel bar, too. Nice wine list and a great atmosphere...wonderful place to grab a drink after a day of walking about. We truly felt like guests of the property.	
Mar 25 2008 	Fantastic	I was lucky enough to be put up for the night here on a business trip - and loved it!Gorgeous decor, decent-sized rooms and lovely Arran Aromatics toiletries in huge sizes.Breakfast was great - really delicious food and live music. Pretty impressive.The staff were very friendly and incredibly helpful.I'd definitely stay here again - even if I was the one footing the bill!	
Mar 24 2008 	Excellent hotel	Just back from staying here for easter sunday.Location is exactly what you want in london, trafalgar square, right in the centre, perfect for leceister square, covent garden, buckingham palace e.t.c. We arrived early for checkin 2pm (checkin is 3pm). Checkin was quick. Staff were very friendly. Our room was a standard double we got an amazing rate on lastminute.com half the normal rate. I thought we might end up in a half the normal type of room, but the room was nice and modern.The room was recently renovated and was modern and clean. I loved the huge flat screen lcd tv. Modern large bathroom and extremely comfy bed.We both had an excellent nights rest. Room also had DVD player and sony music station as well as alarm clock.Tea and coffee facilities including hot chocolate.We were so tired on the morning of checkout we asked for a late checkout called the reception and it was added no charge. I like it when hotels are a bit more leniant towards late checkouts and are not money grabbing like other hotels we have stayed in.All in all a nice modern hotel with nice big rooms and in my experience friendly staff. Even better if you get a great rate like the one we got.	
Feb 24 2008 	Different	Not the usual hilton welome, random people at computers in the bar!!! Struggling along with other guests to find reception, we were directed to these random people, who didn't seem to give a dam about anyone or anything. There was no politness, they seemed on aotomatic pilot, just dishing out rooms quickly.On opening our room door though was a delight! Oversized throughout with deluxe facilities. But, the bins were not a pretty sight, the thought of going back down to the bar to inform them of our situation was not a option. It's very public knowledge to everyone arround what your room number is, AND what your business is.The hotel is central for everywhere, extremely clean and modern.When checking out, we had £12 added to our bill, when asked what this was, we were told that every time we open the mini bar door you get charged, even to keep your water in there!They need to sort this unfrindly attitude out, we have stayed at quite a lot of hilton hotels, never experienced anything like this!	
Feb 22 2008 	Convenient and Cool	What a fantastic hotel - to be so convenient to everything for the tourist. We were able to walk everywhere or else just hop on the tube about 50 metres away.And, of course, having Trafalgar Square at your feet. We upgraded and get a view of the Square - and the deluxe room was bigger as well.The bathroom was excellent with a seperate shower and lovely Arran products - in large bottles.We met friends there for dinner and had a very good meal. It was nice that the Londoners didn't know about this hotel, but both liked it and said they would use the bar again as a great meeting place. They couldn't believe it was a Hilton!The breakfast was terrific with wonderful service - and the live guitarist was just lovely.We also had breakfast in the room and, again, had great service.Another reviewer complained about the tables in the restaurant being too low. Yes, they are low, but so are the chairs so the ratio was perfect.I understand the problem with no Bacardi at the bar, but I was happy enough to drink wine. It specialises in Bourbons.Also, I wouldn't bring elderly people here as they might not enjoy the music in the bar.And the best way to enter the hotel is not the door on Trafalgar Square but further down the side on Spring Gardens. That way you wll land exactly in front of the reception, which is a bit deceiving with it's bank of computer screens.The concierge usually sits inside the Trafalgar Square door.Otherwise, it was perfect. I never had such an easy and relaxed trip to London.I would love to try it again in the summer when their Rooftop Terrace is open!	
Feb 16 2008 	An unusual Hilton	We stayed for a 2 day short break in February. The style of this hotel is different to any other Hilton I've stayed in. Upmarket, hip and chic - overall a good change from the usual.Price i paid (£150 per night for two persons with breakfast and VAT) was sensible for the quality and considering the location in central London. Service in the bar and breakfast restaurant was excellent. The room was large clean and comfortable with a modern minimalistic design. On arrival check in was smooth and polite but i can understand comments from other guests about difficulties particularly if it had been busy on arrival. All in all a good stay and will consider returning.	
Jan 10 2008 	Absoloutely divine	We booked this hotel under a bit of mystery with laterooms.com - it claimed to have such a great deal that the hotel couldn't put it's name to it....and it was a great deal! My partner and I stayed here for our last night in London and the location was brilliant - Trafalgar Square just out the front door. We caught the tube nearly to the front door. The staff were lovely, doors were opened on our arrival and each departure and we were always greeted with a smile and friendly hello. Check in and Check out were very efficient. The room was very spacious and the bed was extremely comfortable. I loved the minimal furnishings and the sleek, sophisticated look of the hotel. We ate breakfast at a Pret a Manger a few doors down so unfortunately did not have the chance to sample the food at the hotel. Our stay was pretty perfect and would highly recommend this hotel for a romantic getaway. The bathroom was very spacious and the shower had brilliant water pressure. The toiletries were a little different to the norm and were very luxurious. Thanks so much for a memorable stay!	
Dec 18 2007 	Great Views	Stayed at the Trafalgar in November for 2 nights as a treat for my partner as it was his birthday. We arrived too early to check in but were told that our room would be made available within 1 hour (which to our surprise it was). We stayed in a deluxe room which was nice with great views of Trafalgar Square, the hotel is a great location and all the great landmarks of London are within easy reach.The lobby came alive in the evening with a funky DJ. We had dinner reservations elsewhere but breakfast was a delight and the live music was the finishing tough to a fantastic trip to London.Overall great hotel with courteous staff.	
Dec 13 2007	Decent hotel -- some service issues...	This hotel is extremely well located. The rooms are of a good size and stylish. The in-room TV and movie system is up to date and the mini bar has a good selection. But for the price I paid (300 GBP per night), you might be able to get a better deal if you go elsewhere.Here are my nitpicks and small complaints:1. The hotel tacked on a 1 GBP per night 'voluntary donation' on my bill. It was for a charity, apparently. This angered me -- my relationship with Hilton should not extend to them making charitable donations on my behalf -- particularly on an opt-out basis. This is completely unprofessional. I spoke to the manager about this and she was defensive and -- in my opinion -- did not 'get it'. How would she like going to a restaurant and having her bill inflated for a charitable donation that she can opt-out of?2. I asked for slippers for my room several times. On the 4th request (no joke), someone finally brought them up -- and only one pair not the two pair I requested. (there are normally two pairs of slippers - I have stayed at this hotel before). There must be some sort of disconnect between a guest request and actual action.3. The internet is too slow and too expensive (15 GBP for 24 hours). It is a rip-off. If you are there to do business, be sure to ask the hotel what their broadband service costs and what the speed is. It seemed as slow as dial-up to me.4. The hotel has a great bar and I was planning on having friends join me there for pre-Christmas drinks, but it was completely closed for a private party and I was only given a few hours warning to go elsewhere. If such an important (and advertised) hotel amenity is completely unavailable to the guest, the hotel should make amends and reduce the room price. Otherwise, it is tantamount to false advertising to say 'come enjoy our fine bar' then have the guest arrive and find it is unavailable.I'll probably find another place to stay next time I am in London... the 'voluntary donation' issue - in my opinion - really reflects a lack of understanding of the typical business traveler.	
Oct 28 2007	Very strange hotel	Firstly this hotel is incredibly hard to find; the name Hilton does not appear anywhere on or in the hotel, in fact, the hotel is situated above a bar! Checking in with a DJ playing behind the reception desk was just odd - this is definitely not a hotel for families or anyone expecting any kind of service. We tried to book a table at the restaurant at 8.30pm on Friday night and was told that it had already closed. The hotel also advertises that it has a 24 hour bar but it was closed at 1pm on Saturday night, when we returned for a drink with some friends; a member of staff said we could get a drink if we wanted to, but it just didn't feel right with chairs put up on table and floor being swept. The breakfast room is more like a late night drinking lounge, the carpet and furniture are all black and the staff are all dressed in black. The tables and chairs are REALLY low, we sat at a round table with little armchairs that didn't allow you to pull up to the table properly, the set up is totally unsuitable for eating a meal, so the next morning we decided to order breakfast to be brought to our room. AFTER giving a member of staff our order we were told that it would take at least an hour and a half to be delivered!!! In the end we went downstairs, collected our own breakfast and brought it up to our room. We had booked a deluxe room with two double beds, but got a basic room with two singles, so they gave us a little camp bed! (There were 3 of us) We tipped the guy £10 as he went to a lot of trouble to try and compensate, but watch out, you get charged tips, we were billed £5.80 tips for in room dining which we didn't have, and £46.50 for an extra continental breakfast which should have been £15. By the way, I am a London party girl who still enjoys nights out in the west end, so I am not against nightclubs and nightlife.In summary all you are paying for is location, location!	
Oct 27 2007 	A step apart from a usual Hilton - almost	The Trafalgar is clearly not your everyday Hilton - it's branding and style is clearly it's own, more of an upmarket Malmaisson rather than a Hilton, the Hilton logo is not to be seen - the only evidence of the Hilton is the high mini bar prices - but there are plenty of bars minutes away.Position is excellent, right on the corner of Trafalgar square, though the taxi driver did struggle to find it - the signage is quite small.Reception is decidedly odd - staff very welcoming - but it's unclear where the reception is and the desk is more internet cafe than hotel reception - fine whilst quiet but confusing when busy.Room was striking - quite minimalist but all you need - the seating area was up a few steps - which I did fall down once - but that was carelessness. Fantastic bathroom, big walk in shower and bath - spacious and large bottles of fab toiletries. The rooftop bar was interesting - great views over the nearby area - a bit fresh / cool - but plenty of blankets, through probably a place you go for one drink rather than make a night of it.Didn't try the food - there are plenty of restaurants and bars near, and a Pret opposite for a great and cheap breakfast buttie.Overall - very impressed - but we did have a good room overlooking the front. I'm not sure I'd have been so keen on a back room. Hence if you are to stay here - pay a bit extra and make it worthwhile.,	
Oct 11 2007 	Great location and nice hotel	Great hotel location, nice clean rooms, front desk staff was lacking in their customer service skills, but overall a great , modern hotel. Rooftop bar has great views.	
Sep 27 2007 	Awful Hotel - Do Not Stay Here	I stayed in this hotel for one night with a friend .. We were lookingfor a relaxing night in the hotel but from the monent we entered the hotel there were so many problems.. We had to wait in a awarkd que tocheck in.. When we finally got to speak to someone we had to wait over a hour for our room to be ready even low it was 4oclock and check in time is 3... The service was terrible. the staff are very pretenious and look down there nose at you .. No one was willing to help us.. The room in itself is nice and furnished well but again there are no special views.. The roof top garden was not open so another bit let down.. The food itself was ok but over priced you are charge a tray charge and then another service charge which i think is awfull asumin of the hotel .. All in all not a very relaxin stay .. the hotel is clearly tryin to be young hip and trendy and clearly if you are not this then they are not interested in you .. There are so many other decent hotels in london please dont waste your time with this one.. You will be disappointed	
Sep 22 2007	Very good very modern hotel	This hotel has an excellent location. Although in the heart of one of the busiest cities in Europe, the hotel has excellent sound proofing. On entering the hotel one seems to misss the existence of the traditional reception area. Do not worry it is there!. This hotel has an ultra modern decor in black and white and dim but good lighting. The lobby and reception area take the form of a nightclub with music being played as early as 6 p.m. Although a restaurant is available on ground and basement level, in the evening one cannot enjoy a quiet meal as the music tends to be a bit loud. The room was spacious (upgraded VIP Gold Honours) clean and always stocked with all neccessities. The staff was always very helpful and courteous. Taxi stand is available, close to the Haymarket, short walking distance (suggested as traffic in London is terrible) from shopping areas. This was an experience in a new concept of hotels. Positive would recomend it.	
Sep 17 2007 	The Real Hotel Babylon!!!	The best hotel I have ever stayed in! The hotel has a cool and funky feel through out and has obviously had some money spent recently as is modern, contempary unlike many dated hotels near by.Staff were very friendly and generally helpful. We stayed on the 4th floor which provided views accross Trafalgar Square. The room its self was lovely with an oversized bed, flat screen TV, DVD player, and music system. The en-suite was modern and clean.Breakfast was fantastic - everything you could want - even offered champaign with my cooked breakfast! There was also live music too! Overall above expectations	
Sep 16 2007 	Do Not Stay Here -- Hilton Rip-Off	OVERPRICED HILTON TRYING TO BE A BOUTIQUE HOTEL - DO NOT STAY HERE......The staff looked down on us from the minute we arrived, despite the fact we had paid over £300.The standard room we got was the disabled and they had no other rooms available. The average round of drinks was £30 and the restaurant downstairs was sterile and a packed bar and DJ upstairs was your music.The wonderful views you are promised, you basically can't get into the rooftop bar (even as a guest) as it's full of other pretencious people queing to get in all night.Rooms service charge is delivery plus added service charge.	
Sep 6 2007	Excellent London Hotel	We found this hotel through Hotwire.com (or should I say they found us) for an excellent rate of $199/night. When we got here, my wife and I weren't expecting much, but we have been very pleasantly surprised. It's very trendy looking (sort of a W look/feel), but we've enjoyed it: *Excellent Location: Right in the middle of Trafalgar Square, the hotel is close to almost everything, and is walking distance to many London attractions (Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Leicester Square, Piccadilly, National Gallery, British Museum, among many others)*The room: The room is spacious and the king sized bed is big and comfortable. Plasma TV, internet access available. *Food: Very good. The Trafalgar has a bar/restaurant that offers good food, wine, and cocktails. *Service: excellent*Rate: very reasonable through hotwire. Compared to everything else in London (pricey!) this has to be the best deal on the trip.	
Sep 3 2007	Hip and trendy but service is tempermental	Myself and another female friend stayed for 2 nights at this hotel at the weekend. It started off great but went down hill on our second day. Overall we enjoed our stay but their were a few problems that you wouldn't expect from a 4 star hiltonPro'sWe got an upgrade to a executive room as Im a hilton gold member (but this is standard hilton policy)the room was really nice Room had a cd player, DVD and flat screen TV robes slippers etc and really nice toiletries as mentioned in previous reviewsTheir was a welcome bottle of wine and fruit when we returned to our room and chocolates on the turn down service (1st night)Concerige was quite helpfulBar and rooftop garden were hip and trendy and as we are in our 20's was funGood locationCon'sWhen we returned from shopping at 3pm our room wasn't cleanedTheir wasn't enough towels for the 2 of us and 2 phonecalls later they brought them up.When we came back from dinner at 10pm our room still hadn't been cleaned (I had rang 3 times)Bar\restuarant add a service charge of between 1.50- and 3.00 pounds on EVERYTHING and the drinks are v expensive without this.This hotel in my opinion is not suitable for older guests the bar gets crowded and their is a DJ playing I don't think this hotel is worth the 190 pounds a night not sure if I would stay here again.	
Aug 21 2007 	Not sure about this one	Well I can't really make up my mind if I like this particular Hilton or not....I went with my niece for just one night for some shopping and sightseeing for her school holiday break.I have stayed at the Hilton Park Lane before and really liked it but there were no rooms available and this Hilton is very central so decided on this one because we were going to a show in Piccadilly and all the sights were within walking distance that we had on our 'to do list'.Firstly there is no signage on the outside of the hotel that denotes a Hilton. (I have since read this is because this hotel does not meet all the Hilton standards).On entering there is a small desk which had no one at it and beyond this is the bar so you practically are in the bar as soon as you enter. Just beyond this is a square kind of high desk with all the computers on it and this is where all the reception staff are. It is a bit strange in that it is not your traditional reception with staff behind it and just seemed a bit temporary to me as if they were changing the layout and just had to make do.We arrived at around 10 a.m as we had travelled by train and had a busy itinery so we wanted to leave our bags and then get out. However the very friendly staff were very efficient and allocated our room immediately on floor 3. The room however had been made up as a double and not as twin which I had booked so a quick call to reception remedied this and Rachael one of the receptionists met us on the landing and relocated us to a fourth floor twin room.The twin room was nice,quite spacious with 2 wardrobes,robes and slippers. The view was of some offices but had we booked a deluxe room then we could have had a view of Traflagar Square.The bathroom is contemporary with a bath with a centre plug with shower. A large square wash basin with a shelf over and a surround around the basin which is the only place in which to put your toiletries. It was spacious but not really user friendly because we had to put some of our things on the floor.We freshened up and went out and had great day.On return we both had a drink in the bar before going to the room to shower.Sam the concierge had previously got us tickets for Grease at the Piccadilly (I had phoned him ahead of our trip for this).He was so nice and polite and happy to do this for us. He showed us directly where to head that evening and was most helpful.he said that if we have any further requests on future trips he would be happy to help where he could.Breakfast was served downstairs and these stairs lead down from the bar area and I have since found out that this area doubles as the extra bar area in the evening. It is all furnished in black with very low tables and leather chairs...not quite right for having breakfast I thought.There is a buffet style table in which to help yourself to fruit/yogurt/cereal/toast/pastries and cold meats etc. We were shown to a table and not asked for a room number and a waiter came over with cofee and tea and then we were left to help ourselves. After we had sat down and started to eat another waiter came over with a menu and asked if we would like to order from the hot menu. We had already started on our food by this time and I told him that had I known there was a hot menu I would have chosen it but it was too late by this time so that was very disappointing. In fact I would say the whole breakfast experience was rather disappointing. If I had of chosen the hot menu then I would'nt have been comfortable eating on these low tables.The plus side to this hotel are the welcoming staff...not at all stuffy and so friendly and the wonderful central location. This is particularly good if visiting piccadilly in the evening as no need for transport.The down side for me was the strange reception area and the fact the bar was the lobby and no restaurant. Also when we returned from our evening out it would have been nice to have sat down with a cup of cofee and people watch for a bit in a lobby but as soon as we entered the hotel we were in a very busy noisy bar with a DJ and my 15 yr old niece felt uncomfortable as it had the ambience of a nightclub and not a hotel.We went straight to our room and had a night cap there. So another big downside for me was the lobby ....or lack of it! I am thinking of booking into a London hotel for new years eve mainly to go to the sales on new years day but may decide to go back to the Hilton Park Lane.	
Aug 17 2007 	Strange Hilton Experience	As a Hilton HHonor Diamond member, I booked this hotel at the end of a great 12 day mediteranean criuse experience with my wife. I used points (category 6, but only 24,000 points) to do it. Arriving in London Heathrow, we caught the Heathrow Express train to Paddington Station, then got a taxi to take us to the hotel. (Best and fastest way to get into London from Heathrow - 58 pounds/2 persons/round trip/15 minutes each way). The driver did not know the hotel, but knew where the street was. Arriving at Spring Gardens, there was absolutely no signage of any kind to identify a Hilton!!!!! We circled twice, at which time I got out and started to open doors to the buildings until I opened the one that was marked 2 Trafalgar, and voila! It was the Hilton lobby!!! The lobby/bar area is well below average for an upscale Hilton. Really very cold and unappealling. The room we were upgraded to did overlook Trafalgar Square from the 2nd floor, which was pretty interesting. However, the room was just OK for the 1 night we stayed. There was some street noise, the carpet was worn, fixtures and general look was average, and there was no shelving in the bathroom for personal things. There is a roof top bar area, but it gets so crowded with locals that my wife and I, as hotel guests, could not even enjoy a drink up there! They have a bouncer who restricts access to avoid overcrowding. No complimentary breakfast was offered, and what was available cost 15.50 pounds (~ $31) per person. Full, hot breakfast was almost 20 pounds per person. This was breakfast! Outrageous.Food is available around the local area (although not really until 8:30 or 9 AM) as an alternative. A very vague explanation was offered as to why they are not allowed to have signage outside. They said that since the hotel does not meet all of the Hilton standards, they cannot advertise themselves. Doesn't make sense to me..............Bottom line, for the walking convienience of Trafalgar Square and nearby sights, it might be worth it. For a luxury Hilton, forget it.	
Jul 29 2007 	Unbeatable	Arrived in the afternoon, arrived using the underground to Piccadilly Circus &amp; then about a 7 minute walk to the hotel.Having read previous reports about check in, I wasnt looking forward to it. So it was fantastic to walk straight in &amp; within minutes be in my room.It was spacious to say the least, great bathroom, bedroom, really couldnt find a fault!. The view from the room looked out to other offices but who cares.Great location for seeing the sights, London Eye just a brisk 20 minute walk,Buckingham palace about 10 minutes.Later that night I visited the bar, great staff &amp; had a real top night.My stay couldnt be better, pictures to follow.	
Jul 21 2007 	Still excellent with our third stay here	This was our third stay at this hotel and it's just wonderful. We had a corner room (302) and a wonderful view. This hotel is clean, well maintained, excellent location, excellent staff. I would highly recommend it.	
Jul 9 2007 	The BEST!	Just got back 2 days ago from our stay at the Trafalgar (a Hilton property) in London's famed Trafalgar Square. We absolutely loved this hotel. My husband is a Hilton Honors Gold Member and has stayed at many Hilton properties and he thought this hotel was great. First, the location is fantastic. We were within very close walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Parliament, Westminster Abbey, and many other great sites. During our stay The Tour de France was kicking off in London and the opening ceremony was being held in Trafalgar Square. We could look right out our window and see the events up close! There's also a Tube station less than half a block away so it was easy to get to anything else not within walking distance. The atmosphere of the hotel is very trendy. To get to the reception desk, you have to walk through a hip-looking bar filled with a younger, polished looking crowd. It made the hotel seem desirable from the moment you walk in. Each night a new type of lip balm, cream, or lotion is left on your pillow. Also, the toiletries are all full-size and smell wonderful. And there are robes and slippers set out for your use. The only issue we had (which seemed to be a minor glitch in our stay) was that the breakfast that came free with our stay was not the best. The one morning we went we sat down a full hour and a half before the end of breakfast and there were no eggs the entire time. Despite being told 3 times that eggs were on their way out to the buffet, there were never any to be seen. We ended up saying something about it when we checked out and received a follow-up email the very same day from the manager. All in all, I thought this was a great hotel and I would definitely stay here again the next time we're in London.	
Jun 24 2007 	Great location	Great location, right on Trafalgar square, convenient for tube station at Charing Cross. Our room on 5th floor was very quiet considering we overlooked the square. Just some faint rumbling from buses and traffic. Nice bathroom with bath and separate shower. Big LCD tv and hi-fi. Beds were comfortable. On the downside, the room smelt of cigarette smoke and we couldn't open the window to get fresh air. didn't ask to move as was only one night stay. Staff were helpful, hailed us a taxi and brought towels to us when we came in driping wet from rain storm. Didn't sample the food or bars but very loud music in bar won't be to everyone's tastes.	
May 17 2007 	Loved the stay at Hilton Trafalgar	The stay was wonderful. We were earlier planning to stay at Hilton Metropole and at the last moment decided to stay at The Trafalgar.The stay was just awesome. The best of all was the perfect location for tourists, soft bed, room facing the trafalgar square. My wife is a Hilton Diamond member and we got the room on the 5th floor (topmost floor). The hotel service was awesome.The location was so perfect that we pretty much walked to all tourist locations from this hotel. The hotel is just in front of the Trafalgar square and Art museum, and in the front of Buckingham palace. The place is just less than 1/2 mile from Picadally circus and to great shopping on Oxford and Regents street. The hotel is in the theatere district too with few theaters just more than a minute walk and we did go to watch a show too!.The hotel also had good breakfast which was included in the rate which otherwise would cost 20 GBP per person per day.We did take the bus tour too which included a ride on river Thames to go to area where we couldn't walk.Bottom line is that if you want to enjoy London as a tourist, location is very important and it's the Trafalgar. This is the only place in central London I will be staying again.	
Apr 23 2007 	very disapointed!!	We booked this hotel months in advance and we were really looking forward to it! But our stay was ruined as soon as we walked through the door! Upon entering we were laughed at by 3 hotel staff. The reception was a small desk not so hidden in the corner because of a bar.When we went to check in the receptionist was very rude, our room was not ready despite us turning up on time so they put us in another room. The receptonist then took our paperwork out the back and looked at us as if we shouldn't of been there. We finally got a room but it took about 5 minutes to get in the room because the door was playing up. Then we walked into the room and was suprised because the picture of the room we booked and the room we had been given were two completly different things!! We chatted with hotel staff to find out if we had the correct room and he said that they regarded that room as the one we had booked!Later on that evening, we returned to the hotel around 7pm as we were exhausted from the days travelling and wanted to go and relax but we were confronted by drunks as you have to walk through the bar to get to the lifts! The DJ on both nights were playing extremely loud music and when we got to our room on the 1st floor we could still hear the music. The only good thing we could find good about the hotel is the location which was spot on!!We will defiantly not be staying at any hilton hotel again through our disapointing experience!	
Apr 18 2007 	Loved the Hotel	I loved this hotel. I got an excellent deal from priceline-name your own price- and was completely surprised when I walked in. THE hotel is very modern and the lobby is a little strange in that it is also the club/bar/restaurant. But teh hotel room are so nice and beds are so soft. THE nicest surprise were the little gift (lip balm, calming lotion) that housekeeping would leave on our beds. IT was wonderful, and even room serivce was fast and good. OVerall I would say, that wehn I go back to LOndon I will stay there. THe location was perfect, we walked to SOHO and covent gardens. IT is right in fromt of the spire at trafalgar square. IT was great!I highly recommend this place because it offers a calming place and hip place to hang out at night.	
Apr 17 2007	Shocked at appauling service	A group of three of us were booked into a double and a twin interconnecting room for one nights stay. When we arrived we were greeted by a man standing at a random desk - it was reception, apparently. Just a desk with a computer on it - we could see everything that was on the computer and it was not comfortable at all. The receptionists looked very uncomfortable with it all aswel. The receptionist seemed to have a bit of an attitude problem. He lookeed cocky and felt like he was lookig down upon us - as if he was superior. A very smug, 'up himself' look when handing us the key. We checked in no problem though and were very impressed with the rooms. Full sized toiletries, bathrobes, slippers, cd player, dvd player etc. Very comfortable beds too.When we had dinner in the restuarant which felt more like a corner 'greasy spoon' cafe with about 7 or 8 tables, one of our party ordered the &quot;Hilton Burger&quot;. The waitress raised her eyebrows and said loudly &quot;What? You're having the burger?? For dinner??&quot;. Very, very embarrassing and rude. Why shouldn't we order what ever we like? Why the aggro? When we replied with a simple but stern &quot;Yes!&quot;, she said &quot;Ok&quot; very sarcastically. Food was lovely, really good quality. I could spot a trend here.When we went to the bar, we were interested to see what was on the bar menu. When we asked politely to see it, the barman said &quot;Well, I can only do that if I see your ID&quot; in a very serious tone. I replied &quot;Are you serious? You want my ID to read the bar food menu?&quot; &quot;yes&quot; he replied. I reluctantly gave it to him, then he read it, handed it back and said &quot;haha yeah thats fine&quot;. He was playing games with us, but not in a jokey way. He was genuinely enjoying mocking us.In the bar there was extremely loud DJ music, which was dreadful. We couldn't have a peaceful drink. It was like being in a night club, and with reception being right next to the bar, I felt sorry for people checking in whilst this noise was going on.Upon check out we had a few queries with the bill, and when we politely asked the female receptionist to help us she rolled her eyes and sighed loudly. Again, was it such a difficult request that warranted this reaction? Hardly. Noticably none of the staff had name tags. Was this to save their necks as they are all so rude and cocky?Really ruined our stay.	
Apr 1 2007 	Don't be put off by my rating!	The hotel is in a great central location for London sight seeing or a general weekend out on the town. Trafalgar square is literally 30 seconds away from the hotel's door step so you're within striking distance of pretty much everything you'll want to do in London. I stayed here over the weekend and thought the hotel facilities were good. It is on the expensive side but my standard room was a very good size with a huge bed. You've got a DVD player and a mini hi-fi in the room with complimentary DVD/cd's available via reception, however, most of it was a bit out of date. Bathroom was surprisingly big so no issues whatsoever with accommodation. The hotel has a great bar which was packed out with non-residents. The roof garden bar is meant to be really good, offering nice views of London at night, but didn't get a chance to check it out because it was closed due to the bad weather. Theres also a business section for internet/office use but I didn't need it. All the facilities for a stay of work or pleasure are there. The negative experience I had, and this was really disappointing, was regarding the service. I'm not the most demanding of customers by any means but the thing that really let the hotel down was the constant mistakes being made by the staff. It seemed as if everyone there was a trainee or just lacked experience - the service wasn't professional. Which is a real shame because everything else about the hotel is great. For example, room service would constantly screw up our food orders but when we actually got the food (which was always delivered on time), it was actually quite nice. I did complain about the service at checkout and they marked our breakfast costs as complimentary.Maybe I just caught the hotel on a bad weekend but I'd definitely give it a 2nd chance and wouldn't write it off at this point. Basically, if the service had been acceptable at the very least, I probably would have given it a 4 rating. Fingers crossed for next time!	
Mar 27 2007 	My Hot Tip for a London stay	I travel to London on business every year, and have stayed at the Trafalgar Hilton for the last several years. Previously, I had stayed at the Metropolitan, the Sanderson and St. Martin's Lane, all of which became too pricey for the company. Located on Trafalgar Square, the hotel gives you plenty of London within walking distance, from Parliament and Westminster Abbey to the West End theaters and Covent Garden. We've never dined here, and the bar food is just so-so, but there is a terrific Scottish restaurant just next door, with a cool club down below. But at least the hotel bar tends to fill with actual Londoners on weekend nights, which is more fun. The bartenders do great work. The hotel staff is friendly and accommodating. The rooms look new, and offer a contemporary decor. A deluxe room that I had my last trip was big, with two levels, and a great view of Trafalgar Square. Best of all, it's well worth the price, a very good hotel in a great location in London for a mid-level kind of price.	
Mar 18 2007 	Great Great Hotel	Wow! This hotel is wonderful. The location can't be beat. A tube station about 200 ft. away, great. Walking distance to so many sights and attractions. The staff was so nice. After blowing the electricity in our room the same day we arrived they moved us to another room very quickly. The beds were very comfortable! When we came back to the hotel every night our room was so clean and it just felt good. The hotel provides full size shampoo, body wash, and lotion. A very nice touch. If you have time they provide DVDs to watch. You leave a deposit which you get back. There are bathrobes and slippers which was another nice touch. Our view wasn't the best but I didn't book it for what I would see out my window. We didn't take in the bar/club but everyone seemed to be having a great time (although you couldn't hear them once the elevator doors closed).	
Feb 28 2007 	What a great surprise	Very modern hotel in a great location, right alongside Trafalger Square.The rooms were ultra modern and gave you the feeling of being in a 'top notch' hotel from the moment you walked through the door. I have stayed in many Hiltons around the world and this one is definately up there. It was also spotlessly clean!!Only word of advise is that breakfasts are expensive (c.£20 each) so if you can i would recommend getting a room rate which includes breakfast.	
Feb 28 2007	Good London Option	I've stayed at the Trafalgar Hilton twice. Both stays were nice. Room is larger than one would expect. Staff is friendly and helpful. Bar is nice - quiet in the morning for coffee and wireless access, more happening in the evening but you wouldn't know it once the elevator doors close. Fitness facilities are nice enough, though it's odd that the front desk staff has to let you in. The location is great. Biggest downside is that my shower leaked in both rooms I've stayed in. Nothing major, really more of a hassle. Be sure to request a room in the back, or at least not right on Trafalgar Square. View is super, but the noise kept me up all night during my first stay.	
Feb 20 2007 	Surprisingly good	Well I nearly did not stay here because of some the previous reviews, especially the discussion of poor front desk experience. But either they read Tripadvisor or they have read their own hotel review cards because my experience was great. I stayed a week and the front desk found someone to fix the curtains in my room at 11pm, printed maps for out of central london restaurants and checked me into my flight, all very helpful. Now it's not the most 5* place but it does everything that can be expected for the money and more, the rooms are larger than some at even the best hotels (the ones at the metropolitan are tiny in comparsion) and the bar goes off every night but upstairs all is quiet. A good bet for business and leisure and at a great price for central London	
Feb 3 2007	had a pleasent stay	stayed there from january 31st until february 2nd 2007.i work for Hilton so i got the employee rate which is very low so i didnt expext the best room :-) !i got a room on the first floor , it was spacious ans had everything i needed, it was clean, only the view wasn't that nice - i had an office building on the opposite.I would defenitly stay here again....	
Jan 29 2007 	Employees Inept/Great location	I liked this hotel but the front desk was a little slow! The location is incredible. Outside the front door is a city bus (#(9) that take you to Harrods Department store in 15 minutes. We arrived in London at 9am and were not allowed to check in early, even though I requested an early check-in. At the 3pm check-in time, our room was still not ready...we were told 20 minutes and then another 20 minutes. This was very tiring, having come off an 8 hour flight. We booked the stay at the Hilton.com website and got a room at $350 (american dollars) per night. It included breakfast each morning and a dinner for one night. This saved us a lot of money. The breakfast is about $40 (U.S.) per person and it is excellent..even though the sausage tasted funny. The coffee was great and the bacon and eggs very tasty. The night we had dinner, the location was closed for a private party and we had to get room service - it was delicious...fresh green beans, mashed potatoes, cheese caket, etc. - they did it up just right. But at check-out the next morning, they charged us for everything and had to take it off our bill. A non-smoking room wasn't available, but we did not smell any smoke in our room. The room and bathroom were large. The 2nd floor was very quiet. There was an ironing board and iron in the room, which is a dream in European hotels. A bathroom and slippers were a wonderful touch. And the toilitries were as large as an 8 oz. soda can...the body oil was the best ever! It snowed the day we were there, but the taxi concierge called for us the night before was on time. This is an extremly busy area and buses and people are outside all day and night. Our double pane windows were great because we never heard a thing! Picadilly square was two blocks away so, so convenient. Free newspapers and magazines in the lobby every morning. This hotel caters to the young and hip, with a dj and bar in the lobby.	
Jan 11 2007 	After all a good choice	WE stayed at the Trafalgar 12/27-1/1/07, like others, a little hesitate after read all the bad reviews. But I want to be fair, this is a good hotel, pricy in misc. charges (local calls to cell. 1.5GBP per minutes), pricy in the Bar, but think of the location, you really can't compare the price to some non-central locaiton places.We booked with reward certificate, I wrote them via e-amil requesting a extra bed for my son, they did it and upgrade us to deluxe room on high floor, no free breakfast. Free fruit and bottle water on day of arrival, one bottle of wine on New year Eve, I think they are pretty thoughtful. Nice robe and fluffy slippers, big bottle of shampoo/lotion/conditioner (very good ones), nice shower, big tub, clean and modern, we loved the room. The lobby was kind of strange, ( actually no lobby just check in desk), the bar occuppied the entire space, it's good to hear music each time you come in and out of the hotel. Bar service was good, on NYE everybody was dancing including the waitress, very fun environment. Some call the hotel Hip, not typical Hilton, I think it's just differnt and nothing wrong with it. WE will stay there again!	
Jan 6 2007 	Pleasantly suprised	After reading a few bad reviews I was a bit hesitant about staying at the Trafalgar, but as there was a good price for a last minute booking and as most of my business was in central London, I didn't want the hassle of staying at Paddington or Olympia (my other two usual Hilton stays in London)Booked a delux room, and as a Diamond member was upgraded to a Delux plus. High floor, spacious, free water and fruit.I am a bit narked that whilst they recognise your Hhonors status, they don't reward all of it. Before booking I was told I could receive a room upgrade, OR complimentry breakfast.I was pleased with a quality of the room, modern, no chitz. I thought the bed was particulary comfy (the opposite to some peoples reviews) with nice clean, soft sheets and good blackout curtains. Plenty of lighting options in the room too,The bathroom was very nice, with a separate shower and deep soaking tub, lots of large bottles of toiletries. Infact the toiletries were the largest I've come across in any hotel - if only they could have been Aromapherapy Associates, like in MO's.There was very little noise in the hotel room, from either the street or public areas.I didn't use the bar as my time here was short, not did I have much time with the staff. The time I was speaking to them I found them to be not the friendliest staff ever, but neither appalingly rude either. Maybe just a bit impersonal, nonethless, efficient.As for the location I thought it was great, and desipte some other reviews I found no difficulty in finding the hotel.Good Points:Room Style, Bed, BathroomBad Points:Not all Hhonors benifits recognised, expensive internet	
Jan 5 2007 	Diamond members could do better......	My wife and I just returned from a six night stay at the Trafalgar. We stayed on a reward certificate.As Diamond members we were not offered a room upgrade or free breakfast. I found out about this too late and all other Hiltons in the area were booked. This Hotel is not what I've come to expect from a Hilton Category 6.Positives:-The standard room we were put in was comfortable. -The bed was big and firm. -We liked the big bottles of body wash and shampoo in the bath.-Although we were on the first floor, the music from the bar was not too loud for us like other members on here posted.Negatives-The staff was very friendly to us, but they must have been incompetent (or they just plain didn't care). Examples: 3 times we did not get our wake up call as requested. We asked the front desk for help book theater tickets and they never got back to us. The front desk told us they would book a car service for use the day before our departure......they next day we found out they hadn't.-They spray some sort of fragrance in the hallways and rooms daily to cover up the smell of the carpet. The fragrance was not pleasant.-There are two small closets for hanging clothes, but no drawers.-Room Service was expensive and not that good.-We were charged over $70 for local calls to book our theater tickets and car services.	
Dec 16 2006 	Great hotel but eat out!	My London office is based in this area, so I often stay locally and have tried the Royal Horseguards, Charing Cross Thistle and this hotel. This one is by far the nicest in terms of decor, comfort and spaciousness of the rooms.I liked the packed, noisy bar on the ground floor, especially as you can't hear any of it once in your room. You'd never beleive you're on one of the noisest street corners in the world - the rooms are well soundproofed. As other reviewers have mentioned, it seems a little strange to have reception essentially in the bar, as you can't hear much of what goes on during check-in, but the staff seem to cope.Rooms are large, freshly decorated in a modern style and very comfortable. There is none of the chintzy fusty materials to be found in other hotels. Rooms have a stereo, DVD player and games console in addition to the usual TV and broadband access. Little touches such as large toiletries, fluffy dressing gowns and slippers make it feel homley and welcoming. I will be staying here again.However. The food is inedible, and the room service atrocious and vastly overpriced. Americans in particular may be shocked and even offended at what this place manages to do to their cuisine. Did you know that granola is actually crushed up corn flakes and branflakes with a few raisins lobbed in? I certainly didn't, and was pretty surprised. I won't catalogue the full series of errors they made over the course of a dinner and breakfast delivery, but suffice to say I will never eat here again - there are any number of cheaper and nicer places to eat in or out in easy stumbling distance.	
Dec 11 2006 	Beware the Trafalgar Hilton Techno Trap	Where do I begin with the various examples of horrible service I recently experienced during a 3 night stay at the Trafalgar Hilton?Let's see - was it the 2 twin beds I received as a Hilton Honors Gold member when my preference is a King/Queen (1 big bed). The fix taking until the next day and involving simply pushing the 2 twin beds together. All while being denied a different room due to &quot;over booking&quot;? Or was it the non-functioning internet connection box in the room which took 24 hours to fix and at least 6 calls to the front desk with varying degress of assistance- only to discover my laptop could be plugged directly into the wall and work with no problem? And even when the internet connection began functioning, the next day the problem returned only to be solved by a technician re-booting the internet service for the room/floor? All of the above took multiple calls to the front desk which were received with a vague indifference and even a woman saying &quot;I cannot help you&quot; regarding the internet connection.- the only way to get anything fixed was to speak to a duty manager, which wasn't always effective either - although to be fair on day 2 she did offer a different room if the internet could not be fixed.From the loud, thumping techno music in the bar/lobby of the hotel which causes more or less yelling between guest and receiptionist upon checkin (in the evening) to the &quot;action&quot; button on the phone which rings and rings and rings and rings only to be answered by &quot;frosty&quot; front desk people- to the call to room service which was answered with a &quot;we need to call you back&quot;.This is the WORST hotel service experience I have ever had.Never again.	
Nov 28 2006 	Loved this hotel - will definately return	My husband and I stayed here while celebrating our anniversary in London. I have lived in London as well as stayed in a variety of hotels in London in the past. This hotel far exceeded our expectations. Some of the reviewers on this board really had awful experiences. That is such a shame because we were treated so well (champagne cocktails on arrival while we waited to check in to celebrate our anniversary), the hotel had goreous toiletries - full sized shampoo, shower gel and body lotion, lip balm and resting cream too. There were giant fluffy towels, a gorgeous duvet and plenty of television channels. The overall upkeep of the hotel was great, it is modern and fun. Iwouldn't neccessarily think my parents would love it, they would be more comfortable at a less hip place. We didn't have breakfast there - all London hotels sell overpriced food and drink, instead we walked 15 seconds the the closest Pret a Manger and bought our coffee and breakfast there for a reasonable price. Without a doubt the bar is extremely overpriced, that is expected, but there are plenty of pubs and bars close by that are much more reasonable. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel, especially given the fact that we paid 117 pounds a night! For London this is sensational.When we returned from three days in Paris, we stayed at the Thistle Charing Cross, about 5 minutes away and I can assure we sorely regretted not returning to the Trafalgar - these two hotels are not even remotely in the same category.	
Nov 22 2006 	a great deal and a better location	got a great deal thru &quot;last minute &quot;to stay on a friday night at this superbly located hotel, next to trafalgar square right in the heart of London. I have to agree with a previous reviewer that some, but not all, of the staff have a &quot;holier than thou&quot; attitude, but if you give as good as you get then they just have to put up with it. The room and facilities were both truly 1st class and although I would baulk at paying rack rate and £20 for breakfast?!? I can wholly recommend a stay especially if you can do it on the company card.	
Nov 21 2006 	Great hotel!! I found the service fantastic!	I found the Trafalgar to be an excellent hotel. I used points for the weekend, and business expense for the other two. Some hotels will treat you slightly differently if you are on points - but I found the service to be very, very good. From the concierge helping me book my next trip (even getting show tickets in Paris) to the front desk taking immediate action when I had slight internet issues. The deluxe double room was very good - big and spacious enough to relax comfortably. The bad reviews on here must be people who have ridiculously high standards and can't stand even a whiff of an issue. I would most definitely stay here again - amazing location, great lounge area in the lobby, and good rooms!	
Nov 18 2006 	Unremarkable frontage but fabulous location	We have just returned from a two night break at the Trafaflgar .Room 409 was painted a chocolate brown colour . Sounds dreadful, but actually quite modern!. It was a split level room divided by 3 steps. make sure you wear shoes and not just socks, or you might encounter the same unfortunate fate as my better half, when, deep in converstaion with me, he started on the top step, and by the end of the sentence, was sitting on his butt, on the lower step, with a sore rear end.!(Also beware if going to the bathroom at night, not to walk into the wardrobes, or indeed the Glass shower!)Lots of little extras in the room, such as Lip Balm, honey and something relaxing balm, and mega size bathroom toiletries. The buffet breakfast (not cooked) was more than adequate with plenty of selection, from fresh fruit, yoghurts, smoothies, pastries etc. They even ordered in Gluten free bread for me by day 2!Staff in the restaurant enthusiastic but inept however reception &amp; concierge more professionalBar appeared to be very much the after work 'watering hole' so usual in London.Look for the Clock, opposite Canada House!	
Nov 7 2006 	Has gotten better but still lacking	Had stayed here twice when this place first opened and while it was a pretty nice modern hotel, the service was a disaster.This time I had stayed for a few days for free with my hilton miles and the service was much better but the room was average. Our room was a &quot;double double&quot; and average for London in size.Negatives:- Bed was like sleeping on rocks- The bathtub/shower was awkward in that you have to lean forward on an incline to shower - Bizarre lighting controls- Massive stain on carpet leading to bathroom- Bizarre room service, had to leave message with front desk and then you would receive a call back anywhere between 5-20 minutes later.- 15 pounds for non-wireless internet, thats ridiculous, get an access card and use the internet in the lobbyPositives:- Staff overall was very friendly- Lobby bar seems to finally have a crowd, in past stays it was always empty- rooftop bar is excellent- rooms are pretty quiet- great location	
Oct 23 2006 	Even for Londn horrendous service	The first thing to say about this hotel is that your experience SERIOUSLY depends on the amount you pay. I would not recommend staying in the standard rooms. If you're crazy enough to stay in Trafalgar Sqaure, you can afford somerthing better. Move on. Go even just a little bit away from the centre and you'll get a better deal. But if you insist on this location - which for tourists is admittedly pretty magical - you MUST stay in a higher standard of room.If you do that, then this your experience may well be pretty amazing. The bathroom is particualrly gorgeous, but the bed is also worth talking about, and if you're lucky enough to get a view of Nelson's Column you can legitimately go home and tell people you were in the very centre of London (I live in London but the effect was still appreciated). The quality of these upgraded rooms is undeniable. They are swish, clean and very comfy.However good your room is though, you cannot escape one very obvious thing about this hotel. The customer service is truly, without exaggeration, horrendous. Unusually for London, the staff I encountered were mostly British and now I know why it's not seen as good practice to employ Brits in British hotels. Rudeness is something Brits do very well (I can say this, I am British), and when it's done with a finesse and a flick of the wrist, I'm sure it can be devastating and brilliant. This is all fine in Fawlty Towers style accommodation but when you are paying serious money for a Hilton owned (though - relevantly - not Hilton branded) hotel, I can imagine you would not be amused. The good thing about British rude people though, unlike our fellow Europeans further east, is that you can refuse to accept the rudeness, and you are allowed (if not expected) to give as good as you get. When you do this, Britsh rude people gain a respect for you and start recognising you as an equal. The rudeness I experienced went as far as a manager telling me I shouldn't even be allowed to stay in the room as I was in, as this was an error and other guests were now going to be inconvenienced. This was so brilliant in its unresonableness, that I almost felt like applauding. Instead, I became sarcastic in my thanks for his kindness and the manager and I soon began to understand each other. Again, all hilarious and stuff but not what you expect in a hotel of this price.Finally, a warning for Hilton Honors members: although officially this hotel is part of the scheme (and indeed, I paid for my room with points which was fine), they do not have any VIP privilges. No upgrades. No free breakfasts. They couldn't care less about your tier level. If you show a Hilton Honors card, it's almost like you have a disability that they are embarassed to acknowledge but still want to treat you like all other guests. Now, to HHonors people, a lack of tier benefitis is rather like someone dissing your mother. You may remain quiet when the attack is inflicted, but you never forget it, and you certainly never forgive.	
Oct 21 2006 	Enjoyed the stay but not the price	I stayed at the Trafalgar for 2 nights on business in October 2006.Initial signs were not encouraging. As others have pointed out, it's really not that easy to find. I was on foot and was looking for a Hilton on Spring Gardens. It's neither, really. It's called the &quot;Trafalgar&quot; throughout (no mention of Hilton anywhere) and it faces onto Trafalgar square - it's back is on Spring Gardens.Having found my way in, looked for the recpetion desk and couldn't find it. Again, it's pointed out elsewhere on this site that &quot;reception&quot; is just a set of 4 high tables that the staff stand at while you stand next to them. Except there weren't any in sight when I arrived. Once I'd got the doorman to find one, she was very good and booked me in quickly. I arrived at my room to find it was a smoker with a shower, not a bath. I was just debating whether I could face the hassle of changing, when the receptionist rang to ask if all was OK. I could hardly not ask for a room with a bath and no smoke, so she agreed to find me one. It took 20 or so minutes, but she arrived at my door, took me to the new room and was very helpful. Breakfast was pleasant, but fiercely expensive. If all you want is what's now a traditional English breakfast (cereals and coffee) then £15 is considerably over the top. Add an egg and it hits nearly £20. It wasn't helped by the inability of my waitress to understand English on the 2nd day, leaving me waiting for the eggs I'd ordered but she'd not understood.All that said, I enjoyed the stay. It is a fantastic location - theatreland, lots of restaurants, Covent Garden, etc., etc. all an easy walk. The room was large and pleasant. The bed was comfortable and had non-feather bedding, as I requested. So as an experience, I rate it as above average. Whether it was worth the room rate obtained through my company's booking system (about £215 per night plus 17.5% VAT) is another matter...	
Oct 7 2006 	Great location underwhelmed by the hotel	I spent a night at the hotel whilst staying in London. When I checked in – which was mid afternoon – my room was not ready, so I went to the roof terrace bar, which we were told was wonderful, to wait for the room. The roof terrace was a few seats on the room of the hotel, which had a good view of Trafalgar Square, but was not as wonderful as the staff had made it sound. After twenty minutes of being ignored by the one member of staff, who seemed to be concentrating on serving the guests who he seemed to know, we went back to reception to see if our room was ready. It was not, so we went to the bar for ten minutes, and ordered some snacks, only half of which arrived as the waiter seemed to forget the rest. Fifteen minutes later, and still with no room, the check in staff apologised and offered some complementary coffees whilst we waited. These took twenty minutes to arrive, about the same time as the key to the room.The lifts in the hotel seemed to have strange coloured filters in the lights, which gave them an eerie glow. The room was comfortable and reasonably large considering its central London location when we did get in to it. The bed was large and comfortable, and all that you would expect to have in a quality hotel room was there.The hotel is in a fantastic location, in Trafalgar Square, and seemed to be a trendy and modern property. I would suspect that the hotel would appeal more to those who enjoy a more modern hotel setting, with artistic lighting and furniture, however, it was not for me. I will not be back.	
Oct 3 2006 	Location Isn't everything *sigh*	The family who travel's together may just lose their collect marbles together. Such was our experience staying at The Trafalger Hilton earlier this summer. We picked The Trafalger Hilton because of the location, but found the fading ambience, the hotel staff's lack of organization and skill to be dreary.Our family group consisted of our (aging) parents and our family group. When we tried to check in, the front desk claimed to have lost one of the reservations. (We had double checked our reservations by phone the day before.) Ooops. A three hour wait until this 'problem' could be fixed. We later found out from housekeeping there was no 'lost' reservation, just a customer who wouldn't check out. It would have been better if the front desk had told us the truth straight away. We would have all just crashed in the one suite and cleaned up and rested instead of waiting in the bar/lobby area. FYI : there is not a lobby or real front desk. Just a couple of telephone tables stuck together with computers. Not user friendly.The decor of the rooms was a badly maintained 'modern' - very minamalist and sterile and basically unconfortable. Don't ask about the bed. Shudder. The bathroom, once you could find the light switch, was a bit grubby. Perhaps the housekeeping crew had problems figuring where the switch was as well? (I find having the switch and fixture in the same room to be a great help. Or even directly outside the room, if you are feeling funky...but disguised as part of the entrance lighting panel is downright kinky. Perhaps this is modernism with a twist?)The staff were generally confused and confusing. The range of accents was interesting: not necessarily a bad thing but add a stinky attitude and shake. Breakfast was a nerve wracking experience if you dared to ask for a second cup of coffee. I ended up wearing one.No, I wouldn't stay here again. I wouldn't recommend it. I've tried other places and will keep trying other establishments in London until I don't feel like a sitting duck!Cheers, and good hunting.	
Sep 29 2006 	Hip and stylish	I am a fan of clean minimalist lines and modern simplicity so it follows that I love this hotel. Frontline staff were young and stylish but very warm and helpful. The bed was the most comfortable ever which is why I wasted half a day in London by staying indoors. I found breakfast to be a truly pleasant experience with nice live 'piano' music to start your day. I liked the hotel so the central location was just a bonus.	
Sep 18 2006 	location = great! hotel = nothing special	The location is great – right on Trafalgar Square. However, other than location, I wasn’t very impressed. The rooms and bathrooms are small. From the outside, this hotel is very classic, old architecture. From the inside, it’s very sleek and modern. The lobby has the look and feel of a W Hotel. The rooms are clean but very small. The breakfast was ok, but nothing special. The staff was friendly, but made 2 mistakes – 1. forgot our wake-up call, 2. quoted us the wrong price for a car to the airport. They quoted us half of what it would be. We were shocked when we got down to the lobby and tried to confirm the price. It was ok, but I don’t think I’d stay here again.	
Sep 12 2006 	A Sleek Hotel in a great Location.	We booked through Priceline and were excited to be staying here for $155/nt mid august. On Trafalger square, the location is superb. The staff were pleasant. The room was clean and hip. We enjoyed the sony stereo..but not sure if or neighbours did :) I found the check in desk a bit confusing as it was a square box with workers all around, there was no que so no real sence of order. The lobby was chic , The lighting cool and the martini's memorable..I think. It was a great place for a 2nt stay in busy London. Highly recommend to couples making memories.	
Sep 9 2006 	Location Location Location	Location and that is it. Straff are what come first to them and you are just there.Rooms are ok but we did not like the contemporary feel of room (especially bathroom) or public areas .Will stay at Charing cross thistle in future . Enough said.	
Sep 5 2006	We Loved The Trafalgar...especially the Location!	We stayed at The Trafalgar for three nights in August, 2006. This is not a typical Hilton. As a matter of fact, it is simply called The Trafalgar. As a result, some guests become confused simply because they are looking for a “Hilton”. The property is very high-style and similar to some boutique hotels I’ve stayed at. The lobby area is very cool. There are many newspapers and high quality magazines spread out. A large bar/lounge makes up the majority of the lobby area. In the evening, a DJ plays music and it becomes quite a scene. Breakfast (expensive) is served downstairs. The reception area is made up of four open stations. This does not really work for the guests or the staff. If there is a line, mass confusion ensues.  We liked our upgraded room on the second floor although there were some impractical aspects of its high-style design. We were facing Trafalgar Square, but we did not notice any noise. Our upgraded room had a raised area with a leather chair and ottoman (very comfortable) and a work desk. The two or three steps up to this raised area are low pile slippery carpet and I almost went flying due to their awkward position in the room. The king bed was comfortable and there was a large safe in the closet. The bathroom was modern and clean. Our room was in very good condition.The location can’t be beat. You can walk everywhere or take the tube. There is an excellent casual take-out restaurant called “Pret” just two doors away. We picked up breakfast and lunch there to bring back to our room. High quality sandwiches etc. at reasonable (for London) prices. The hotel is also close to museums, a million restaurants, the half-price ticket booth in Piccadilly, and the many theaters in the area.London is SO expensive! Our cab from the airport was over $100 USD! Some London friends told us to have the hotel arrange for a car and driver on our way back to Heathrow. It was very convenient and considerably less expensive than a taxi. They even put the charge on our hotel bill...easy.  Did we enjoy our stay and the location? Yes! Would we stay at The Trafalgar again? Not sure…there are so many hotels in London that we would probably shop around.	
Aug 19 2006 	GREAT SERVICE - Tired Hotel	We stayed at the Trafalgar Aug 8th &amp; 9th. Our Limo driver couldn't find it because it does not say HILTON on the building, but we eventually figured out where it was. The location obviously can't be beat. The rooms were minimalistic, tired, worn, but very clean. I am a Hilton Honors member and have stayed in Hiltons all over the world. But I'm writing about the service. We had EXCELLENT service at this hotel - the best of the week (we stayed in 6 different hotels). The staff was &quot;bend over backward&quot; helpful, no 'attitudes' detected at all. In fact the concierge emailed me 4-5 times before we arrived answering all of my questions. When we got there I felt as though I already knew them. We unfortunately were there the day the terrorists were arrested in London and were due to fly out to Ireland that day. The staff called me at 8am and alerted me to the situation. They called our airline Ryan Air and stayed on hold for an hour while they tried to find out whether or not our flight was going that day (due the the horrible mess at the airports). They spent another 30 minutes trying to find another way for us to get out of England and over to Ireland via trains, ferry's etc. They were WONDERFUL in making us feel safe and secure and told us they'd hold our room for us if in fact we could not make it out of the country that day due the the mess at the airports. For that reason alone I would stay at the Trafalgar again and again. I applaud their staff - but the management should work harder at renovating those rooms!	
Aug 18 2006 	Great Location Tired Rooms Horrible Staff	As a very frequent guest and a Hilton Hhonours VIP Diamond member, I have stayed in many hotels around the world and think I am well positioned to make a realistic review of this hotel.The hotel is one of the best located hotels in London, being right on Trafalger Square it offers excellent access to the West End, China Town, Soho and Buckingham Palace.The rooms are of a very good size however they are very tired already. The hotel managment has done a very poor job of periodical maintenance and it really does show with dirty walls, worn bathrooms and tired hallways. It really is a shame to see for a wonderful old building.The service at the hotel unfortunately leaves alot to be desired. Unfortunately many hotels in London (normally the cheap ones) have resorted to hiring new (cheap) Eastern European labour. The staff at this hotel had huge chips on their shoulders and seemed to be of the impression that they owned the hotel and were doing YOU a favour by having you stay there. They were very happy to argue and the general attitude was very poor indeed.Would I stay here again? NO.. not until it improves, problem is where else can one stay in London for under £200 per night in a great location?Try the SOHO Hotel, absolutely superb boutique hotel great rooms, fabulous service and funky. Slightly more than the Trafalger but for £20 or £30 extra it is well worth it!	
Aug 14 2006	Needs some upgrades	I have stayed in this hotel each summer for the past 4 years. It is very expensive -- but the location is perfect for the theater and the usual tourist activities. The rooms are getting &quot;tired&quot;; the bathroom floors are stained and some carpets are too. The front desk staff has never been English-first-language. This year (perhaps because we were there right as the Heathrow security problem/Termimal One closure hit), the front desk staff was less helpful than usual. One front desk-staffer could not communicate with my American teenager in English. Everything about this hotel is on the decline except its prices.	
Aug 13 2006 	Fantastic hotel in central London	I travel to London often and this is by far the best hotel (in its class) that I have stayed at. The location is just unbeatable, right on London's Trafalgar Square. All of central London's attractions were no more than a short walk away.The rooms are very large by London standards and we loved the contemporary, modern feel. Highly recommend this boutique Hilton property!	
Aug 12 2006	It's a lot like LA's Standard Hotel	This hotel was fun, and in a super London location, but it reminded me of the Standard Hotel(s) in Los Angeles. They took an old hotel in need of a rennovation and instead of a full overhaul, they added some hip room accessories to make it seem modern. We DID have an excellent bathroom in our room! The lobby is a hipster hangout. Very good service.	
Aug 4 2006	Great Time at the Trafalgar	This is Hilton's &quot;new look&quot; hotel. Think W with better hall/room lighting. The lobby is basically a lounge-W again. There was a DJ every evening and the bar was rather busy most nights. I have no problem with this concept, though I suggest that you do not take a room on floors 1,2 because you may be disturbed by the music. In addition, there is an outdoor bar on the roof with fantastic views of Trafalgar and the surrounding area-so don't take a room on the 6th floor either-the bar is right above you. Room/bathrrom were large and well maintained. The staff was attentive and friendly with the typical slower than an America service. Lastly its a fantastic location!!.	
Aug 4 2006 	Needs a little refreshing	This used to be my favorite hotel to stay at. I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights in July, 2006, and found that the hotel has gotten a bit shabby in appearance and service. The ceiling of the bathroom in our room had paint peeling off the ceiling, and the formerly nice blankets were replaced by weird cheap-looking tan blankets. The service was just OK on this visit. The hotel still has its trendy feel, but it could use a paint job and a reminder to the employees that the guests come first. The location of the hotel can't be beat. The drinks at the bar are about GBP9.50. The beds are moderately comfortable, but not great.	
Jul 29 2006 	Fantastic Stay	My wife, my daughter and I stayed at the Trafalgar for six nights in June. We really loved the hotel. The location is great, right on Trafalgar Square. We needed a rollaway bed for my daughter and the staff was very accomodating about this. The rollaway was even quite comfortable (according to my daughter). The design of the hotel is fun and interesting but as always, when style comes before substance, some things don't work right. The bath tub leaks water on the floor when the shower is used. That is my only complaint. Otherwise the staff is great, the view from the rooftop bar is spectacular, the breakfast in the morning is quite good. We did not have a view, but I guess you cannot have it all. This stay turned out better than I expected and we would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 24 2006	Highly recommended!	The Trafalgar is absolutely amazing. The rooms are large and spacious; and the beds are extra comfortable. Everything in this hotel is perfect. The staff is friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. At breakfast we were always welcomed with a warm smile and the waiters remembered our room number. The location is also incredible and, even though it is located in the busiest area of London, the double windows kept the noise at bay. There is a small rooftop bar, which offers a stupendous view of the London skyline. I would definitely return to it whenever I am in London. It offers an oasis of peace and civility in the hub of a busy city.	
Jul 16 2006	Great Location.	Stayed for just one night, travelled light for a quick night out in London. Hotel is in an excellent location. Walk straight out of the hotel onto Trafalgar Sqaure - very grand. Staff are very polite and helpful. Rooms are clean and service is good. My only negative is that the Schrager designed minimalism can be quite boring, flat and formulaic. Design for design sake. If you are looking for a hotel that is of a good standard, clean then this is perfect. If you are looking for style, decadence and heritage then not this one baby. A grand location demands grand style.	
Jul 14 2006	Trafalgar Hilton.....great!	Having gone through the internet in search of a hotel that was in a good location, reasonably priced and somewhat modern, or at least not frilly, florally and dowdy in London proved quite difficult, until I came across the Trafalgar Hilton. I read the reviews here and decided to stay. 4 of us stayed here and couldn't have been happier with our choice. The hotel is in a great location (about a 2 minute walk to the closest tube station), walking distance to Oxford and Regent Sts, the theatres, Soho and more. The hotel is modern, well decorated, and has a fantastic roof top bar. The room was clean, modern, had everything we needed including a very comfortable bed. The bathroom was large, and included bathrobes, slippers and large bottles of moisturiser, shampoo and great soap. We had our do not disturb sign out during the day (the do not disturb and clean my room signs are actually puzzles that you can play with and then stick on the outside door frame for something a little different) and unlike other hotels we stayed in the staff heeded the sign however left a message at reception stating that if we would like our room cleaned later on they would be happy to clean it then. The fact that the hotel reception area is almost in the bar on the ground level was no issue to us as it seemed to be to other reviewers. The staff were friendly from the time we checked in to the time we left and when we had any requests or queries they were efficient and great to deal with. I would definitely stay at the Trafalgar Hilton again and wouldn't even bother looking for anywhere else.	
Jul 5 2006	What a difference 6 months makes!	We stayed at this hotel in January 06 and had an awful time. Our review of that stay is posted earlier on this site. My husband completed the Hilton Honors online guest satisfaction survey in full detail and we vowed never to stay again. Hilton Honors contacted the Hotel Manager who duly contacted us and offered us a complimentary stay. Very reluctantly we decided to try out the hotel again. I am very happy to report that this hotel has changed immeasurably. It will always be pretentious and &quot;designer&quot; and if that's not for you, its not for you but what it has now realised is that you can be cool and friendly rather than cool and rude. The staff are charming now and have finally understood that great service makes a great hotel. How ever trendy your bar, your furnishings, your design theme its the staff that make or break a hotel. Well done to Christine and the rest of the team at the Trafalgar.	
Jun 25 2006	Out of focus	The Trafalgar hotel is in a super location. It is within walking distance to many attractions in London. The hotel is clean and well kept but it is not guest focused. There is no guest lobby. The entry lounge is often rented out to photographers or fashion show hosts. The guest rooms have small, hard, twin sized beds. There is not enough drawer space in rooms and lighting in the bathroom is extremely poor. The movie channels on the television did not work during our entire visit. I would think most travelers would be disappointed in this hotel given its rates. I am surprised it is operated by Hilton.	
Jun 14 2006 	Best hotel in London	I spend approximately 1/4 of my time in London for work. After trying out several hotels, I have settled on the Trafalgar largely for the reasons others have mentioned: great location, great staff, and great atmosphere. After long hours in the office, it's always good to know that there is always something entertaining going on in Trafalgar Square. I have always found the staff to be professional, friendly, and fun, a combination that seems simple, but the more I travel the more I realize that it's a rare and commendable acheivement. The staff actually seem to have fun and the spirit rubs off.I will second the previous warning about the prices of the drinks in the bar (9.50 pounds for a jack and coke), but keep in mind that the bar is one of the hot spots of London. There are several places nearby that are cheaper and (to my midwestern U.S. mind) much more fun. The sports bar near the Texas Embassy restaraunt is but one example.Overall, I love the place. Granted, the majority of the time I'm there at the company's expense, so the price doesn't affect me as much. But if you're looking for a great and comfortable home-base to see the best of London, I'd recommend it.	
Jun 12 2006	Hilton does Schrager with success!	I'm a big fan of Ian Schrager's beatiful minimalistic hotels but I've never gotten beyond the bar area since I can't afford the outrageous rates they charge. Hilton has done a good job of recreating the Ian Schrager environment which is a drastic departure from the standard Hilton type of hotel. In fact, Hilton branding is no where to be found at The Trafalger, only a the letter &quot;H&quot; reminds you that you are at a Hilton. The ammenities are the same but executed differently than other Hiltons. For that reason, The Trafalger may not be for everyone. Like other posts on here, I stayed at The Trafalger using Hilton Honors points. I was givin a very well equipt room but without much of a view. Unilike other posts here, I realize that using points does not give me the right to a room with a great view at the expense of their paying customers. This is a very expensive hotel and the folks who pay to stay here deserve to have the better views. My favorite ammenity was the extra large bottles of great smelling shampoo, shower gel and hand lotion. I can't believe I went to London and took up a ton of space in my luggage to bring them back home but I think about my stay at The Trafalger every time I use them. From a marketing standpoint, I think it's a brillant idea to give large bottles of stuff so I hope more hotels start doing this. There are also many complimentary magizines in the lobby. Pick up the most recent copy of Time Out London there for the most current listings for things to do. I especially enjoyed the lobby bar in The Trafalger. The lobby bar is very much the after work spot for locals and they had some tasteful entertainment in the early evening. Like everywhere in London, mixed drinks are expensive but the beer is somewhat reasonable. If you chat up the bartender like I did, chances are he'll comp you a drink after you buy a drink or twoStaying at The Trafalger is like staying on the axis that the world spins on. You are in the center of everything. I recommend it to anyone with deep pockets or Hiton Honors points who wants to stay in a unique hotel.	
Jun 1 2006	Great Place Great Location but a little bit pricey	We stayed for four nights at the Trafalgar and enjoyed it thoroughly. The staff were very helpful and courteous. We received the newspaper in the morning and there were free magazines in the lobby. The room was clean, and very quiet. We were on the sixth floor and faced the courtyard in the middle, which didn’t give us a very good view except for the workers in the offices opposite. Only one weird incident when we watched a couple of likely lads sniffing glue and then sleeping facing skywards in Da Vinci pose.We checked Trip Advisor before we left and, because of the warnings about the high prices at the restaurant, we didn’t eat at the hotel, but found a café just round the corner, that served a traditional English for four pounds.The location was superb, right off the tube and close enough that we were able to walk to lots of sites and attractions.We had a drink at the bar, and it was pretty expensive. I can’t remember exactly how much, but we did make a point not to go there again.On the last night we went on a booze up and I got back to the hotel at 3:00 am. I had to find the main entrance and press the buzzer to get let into the hotel. Not a negative as it provides better security for guests, but it was really tricky to figure out in my inebriated state.We had booked our trip through Hotwire-- and had no idea of which hotel we’d get until we finalised the deal. We were very happy with the choice they gave us.	
May 31 2006	Fabulous Trip	This has got to be the best hotel I have ever stayed in. Don't listen to any of the negative reviews above. My husband and I stayed here for two nights to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary. We paid £360 which included 2 nights bed &amp; breakfast and dinner on the first night, which was a very good deal. (I did hear that some people were paying £215 room only excluding vat, which I thought was a little excessive). Everything about the hotel was luxury and exceeded our expectations, the staff were very friendly, food was delicious, room was modern/very clean, I especially liked the roof terrace with stunning views. The hotel gave us a free bottle of wine on arrival in our room and congratulated us on our anniversary, which I thought was a very nice touch.	
May 28 2006	Fabulous	My wife and I recently spent 6 nights at the Trafalgar. Everything was excellent: location, room, service, food.Don't let the negative comments about the noise and the service dissuade you from staying at the Trafalgar. We're in our 50's, not the partying type, and still had a wonderful experience. The hotel was the headquarters for the Gumball Rally 3000 during our stay. The hotel contacted us in advance and offered to move us to the Waldorf, explaining that there would be an all night, noisy party. We declined their offer and did not regret it. The view from the bar on the roof is awesome. A panorama of some of London's best sites.As for the service -- the staff went above and beyond in making our stay pleasant. Several of the staff -- all quite young -- would check with us on our way out, offering suggestions on where to go and what to do. And on our way in they would ask us what we did and how our day was, occasionally riding up the elevator with us to continue the conversation.Expensive, but well worth it.	
Apr 20 2006	Excellent Experience at the Trafalgar Hilton	My wife and I stayed at the Trafalgar Hilton from April 14 to April 20. The experience was excellent. The Trafalgar Hilton exceeded my expectations. Simply put, these are the pros of staying at the Trafalgar...1. LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION: Located right on Trafalgar Square, the Trafalgar Hilton was within walking distance to Trafalgar Square, National Gallery, St Martins-of-the-Fiends, Parliament/Big Ben/Westminster Abbey, Piccadilly Circus, Carnaby Street. There is a London Underground station right the street from the enterence of the Trafalgar Hilton (Charing Cross - Cockspur Street enterence) You are literally in the heart of central London. There are also several restaurants/eateries nearby.2. Friendly and attentive staff: The staff was friendly, professional, helpful and attentive to our needs. Never rude nor aloof. They took care of our needs from helping to carry our baggage and hailing cabs to converting money and handling postage. 24 hour room service is also a plus.3. Attractive hotel/rooms: The hotel is ultramodern and this may not be for everone, but I enjoyed the decor. While a tad minimalist, everything was sleek, clean and cool. The rooms has all the basic amenities one would expect (toiletries, hair dryer, iron/board, internet access, TV/radio/clock, amble lighting, minibar, stationary, bathrobes &amp; slippers). Even the newspaper (The Times) was delivered to my doorstep daily. The rooms are clean and pleasant.The only Con I can say against the Trafalgar that prevents it from getting a perfect score was that the reception/consigere desk was in the midst of a restaurant/club with somewhat loud music. However, I didn't have any problems with it, but some people might.I can wholeheartedly and honestly recommend the Trafalgar Hilton to anyone staying in London who wants to be in the center of the action!-- Esper	
Apr 13 2006	Way cool	This is not your typical Hilton and that is a good thing. The attempt at being young and trendy seemed to work. As fiftyish Americans who had just schlepped their bags all over Europe and weren't feeling the least bit fashionable I was prepared to feel intimated but they could not have been nicer. We were first given a room that was directly over the bar. Fortunately there was some construction noise going on in the afternoon and when I complained they were very nice about moving us up a few floors. If we had stayed in that room it would have been a disaster as the bar got quite loud at night. The staff was attentive and helpful at all times. The breakfast was good, they got us a cab to Victoria Station when we needed to leave, the location was perfect. Definitely recommended.	
Mar 26 2006	Excellent service and perfect location	I too was a little worried after reading past reviews of this hotel - it was a surprise for Mother's Day and wanted everything to go well...and it did, the staff were excellent, service very friendly and attentive, could not fault it at all. The rooms were a great size, especially for London hotels, and the breakfast was a feast. I think things must have changed since some of the earlier reviews as in my opinion this is a great hotel with a superb location and a very friendly and efficient staff, nothing was too much trouble. I would have no doubts about staying here again or reccommending it to others	
Mar 14 2006	Loved the 'whole thing'	I stayed at the Hilton with my friend and younger sister. Well we had the time of our lives!!! It is in a great location and I wouldn't have swapped the weekend for the world. Ok, it doesn't have the best reception, but bare in mind hotels these days try to have the more 'modern' look. The service was great, everyone was helpful. The bar was very LIVELY in the evenings and had a good atmosphere!!Although we were staying in standard rooms, we were very impressed with these. The rooms were clean, smelled great and all in all to a good standard!! We had our bathrobes and slippers waiting for us when we got there. They left complimentary lipbalms/resting creams on your bed with a little card. We chose which newspapers we wanted in the mornings etc. It was really nice...!!! WE stayed there for 2 nights.. Had breakfast at the Hilton!! I have to say I was very impressed with the selection for brekkie.. only quarm would be, the scrambled egg was more like porridge!! but nonetheless, it was a great weekend and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. If you like the whole clubbing/eating out scene, then this hotel is ideal for location!!!	
Feb 27 2006	loved it	My wife and I booked two nights 24th feb untill the 26th the deal included dinner for 2 on the first night and breakfast for 2 on the following 2days.I must say that we were a little apprehensive about staying here after reading the other reviews our fears turned out to be tottaly groundless, from the moment we arrived untill our departure it was first class .We had booked a delux room and with the opition to E-mail prior to our arrival we requested a high floor room with views of Trafalger Square all our requests were met in full.The room was super large,very well fitted with large TV DVD Audio system and Mini Bar,the bathroom was superb large bath walk in shower and large bottles of all the gels and bath creams you could need.we decided to have the included meal in our room and it only cost us £5.00 for this service,and the meal was 1st class as was the young lady that brought it two us .On the Saturday morning we had breakfast in the dinning room and again it was 1st class everything you could want was laid out in a very comfortable fashion.On Sunday we decided to have the included breakfast in our room and what a breakfast fresh fruit, porridge,cooked breakfast fresh jucices and much more ,the whole deal including the extra sevice charge and newspapers cost a mere £379 .My wife and i have spent many weekends in london Friday to Sunday at the Horseguards and the Thistle trafalger and we must say this was the best of the lot ,great postion super room and a very friendly staff who looked after our every request with no fuss I would stay here again and would look forward to it	
Feb 18 2006	Who they trying to impress?	Firstly, this place isn't cheap. On the last two occasions I've stayed, the rate was around £240 / night. Even in London this is expensive.I stay because of the location only. Despite having a home in West London, I get an extra hour in bed if I have a meeting in the West End! and an excuse to have a night out beforehand.The staff can be very helpful, although on occasion treat guests as a distraction to their standing and modelling routine.The rooms are OK, althought the bathrooms are a triumph of style over common sense. Expect a very wet floor.The prices can kill. Room service breakfast (average at best) is over £15. The previous evening's bar tab for two people (a few of brandies and cocktails) was £100. Location is great though. That's the ONLY reason to stay in my view. The Dorchester isn't much more expensive and it feels like a proper hotel.The bar looks cool and trendy - but in rbarreality it's not much more than a noisy, albeit &quot;aspirational&quot; hang-out for local office workers.	
Feb 3 2006	Who is this place for anyway?	I had booked 4 nights here which included 2 free nights using a whopping 80,000 Hilton Honors Points I'd been saving for 10 years. What a waste of these points! I still feel sick about it. The location is fantastic for sightseeing but there are many hotels in this area. The Trafalgar is right on Trafalgar Square, kind of the &quot;Times Square&quot; of London. We were across the street from the Academy of St. Martin of the Fields. We could walk to some of the biggest attractions in London, including Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey and the London Eye. When we first arrived at the hotel, it was difficult to find the entrance since the main entrance looks like the entrance to a bar. The front entrance is unattended. There is no real front desk. There is a table in a darkly lit part of the bar. There was a young ice maiden looking young Russian(?) fashion model type woman working at the &quot;table&quot;. She just stared at me as I approached the desk. (No hello, no &quot;welcome to the Hilton&quot;, no nothing.) I gave her my reservation sheet and politely asked for a room with a view of Trafalgar Square if available. Even though the hotel seemed empty for most of our stay, there was no view room available. She showed me a room on the 2nd floor that she called a view room, even though there was only a view of the building across the street. AND she said we couldn't have it for &quot;free&quot; but would have to pay a supplement of 50 pounds. I declined. The fashion model/desk clerk said that they were putting rooms aside for their New Year's Eve packages so she coudln't offer me anything else. This was December 28. I never saw this event advertised nor was I invited. Why wasn't I invited? Our room had to have been the worst room in the hotel: small, in the back, overlooking a brightly lit 24 hour parking garage and an office building. I pleaded for a better room so she swung the computer screen at me and said &quot;Look, do you see an available room? You're a blue Hilton Honors member. If you were higher I could give you a free upgrade, but you're not.&quot; When I pointed out that I'd been collecting these points for ten years she just ignored me. When I asked if there was a newspaper in the morning she acted exasperated and asked which paper I wanted. When I asked which ones were available she acted really annoyed and let out a breath. Which one did I want? they have many, even American newspapers. Did I mention that we were the only people in the lobby? It wasn't like I was holding up the line. What was the big rush? I took the card key and began to walk to our dismal room. (Jet lag setting in or I would have fought a little harder to stay out of the lowest level room that the desk clerk kept calling the free room) As I left, the fashion model/clerk mentioned that the restaurant was going to be closed while they got ready for their New Year's Eve Party that was to take place in 3 days. I turned to leave for my room when the fashion model/desk clerk acted panicky and said, &quot;Wait, I'll get someone to take your bags.&quot; Since we each had just one suitcase on wheels I didn't see the point and just kept walking like I hadn't heard her. The elevators are so dimly lit I had to squint to find which button to press. One elevator is lit pink, one is blue. Great, what's the point. The hallway of our floor reeked of room deodorizer. In the room, there were 2 large wardrobes instead of closets. They were too large for this small room. the room is very plain--wardrobes, bed with duvets, desk and chair. I think they're going for minimalist/modern. The card that maid service left on my pillow said the Trafalgar is &quot;stimulating, fun, easy, relaxed, straightforward and natural.&quot; The Trafalgar is what is called a &quot;lifestyle&quot; hotel. It's trying to be cool, like the W hotels if you like them. For instance, instead of light switches there are light buttons. Instead of a &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; door hanger, there is a &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; magnet. I couldn't figure out where to put this magnet, since the door was wood. I ended up hanging it loosely from the door knob. Only later did I see the metal strip outside the door jamb, on the wall in the hall. Another &quot;lifestyle&quot; touch is the modern bathroom. There is a huge sink with no counter space. There was a narrow rim around the sink to place toiletry articles. Everything kept falling in the gigantic sink. The shower/bath is another odd touch. The drain is in the center of the tub instead of in the traditional spot at one end of the tub, under the spout. So, when you shower, you're constantly stepping on the plug and closing it and it is difficult to reopen. The shower quickly starts filling with water. The modern tub has a rim around it that collects water that doesn't drain. It was disturbing to see that this rim is filled with black mold. So on one side of the tub the water sits and mold grows; on the other side of the tub the water runs all over the floor since the curtain doesn't close all the way at one end, no matter what you do. The corner behind the toilet was filled with water for most of our stay. The thermostat is also &quot;modern&quot;, it doesn't have temperature settings, it just has a range from +5 to -5. I never figured it out. In the morning I thought I was sick with a fever, but it was just the +5, -5 thermostat set on the wrong setting. There was something wrong with the remote for the television, maybe just a low battery. At 5 am I was woken up by my free newspaper slamming against the door each morning. I checked out after my &quot;free&quot; days were up. If I hadn't, the rate would have been $275 a night. I wasn't sure what kind of person would live this Hilton Trafalgar lifestyle. Sitting in the nearly empty bar drinking $15 martinis and listening to old throbbing loud rave music. Who is this hotel for? Walk past the check in table and there is the staff in their cool black uniforms, staring at you, trying to figure out if you're a guest or a transient? I'm from San Francisco and was part of the whole dot com craziness here. I know how to be cool. This place is just bizarre, the hospitality non-existent, the food, well I never found the restaurant so I don't know but one thing is for sure, this place is definitely not cool.	
Jan 28 2006	Different...	You will either love or hate this hotel. No middle ground. The whole place is very minimalistic. Everywhere in the public areas is black, grey, beige or brown. The only colour to be seen is in the couple of flower arrangements on display. The check in area is just strange. An awkward sideways facing desk that seems to have been added to the bar area as something of an afterthought. Whilst on the subject of the bar, it does seem to get very lively, and very noisy. Our room was on the fourth floor and we could hear the dull thud of the music downstairs, not enough to interupt our sleep, but it must have been very intrusive for those on lower floors. If you want peace and quiet, request a high floor room! The room we had was, as you would expect, very minimalistic. So minimalistic in fact that they found it unncecessary to put handles on the wardrobes! The DVD player and mini hi-fi are a nice touch. The bathroom was perfectly functional but not particularly noteworthy. Just a note about the mini bar. Dont even think about it! £5.00 for a coke is just blatant profiteering even for a central London hotel.Breakfast was taken sitting in a black chair at a black table in a room with dark brown walls, bare concrete columns and minimal lighting. The food was acceptable, but very very expensive.Some will love this hotel because it is very diffferent. Personally, I found it dark, dull, dismal and depressing and I couldnt wait to get out of the place!	
Jan 3 2006 	Worst Hotel experience ever. Beware	I have travelled the globe on business/pleasure largely without incident. I made a reservation at the Trafalgar on a friends recommendation. I arrived at The Trafalgar for a 3 night stay whilst on business in London. After finding the check-in desk (not obvious) the girl looked at me and said &quot;I don't think you will be staying here tonight.&quot; And that was it. I repeatedly asked her what was the problem and showed her my reservation, but all she would say was that I had to wait for the manager.The manager arrived after about 15 minutes. I meanwhile stood with luggage in the bar/reception area. When he finally arrived he agreed that I had a reservation, but said there had been a mistake and I would have to stay at another Hilton a few miles away. They offered to pay my taxi fare. I was transferred to the Waldorf Hilton. What a disgrace. They showed me 4 rooms, all of which were horrible. I left and went to The Metropolitan. I will never ever stay at a Hilton Hotel again. Beware as a confirmed reservation is meaningless.	
Jan 3 2006	Regular's view of the Trafalgar	Hotel: Hard to find -even cops on foot beat couldnt find it! Kudos to the hotel for honoring public space by staying traditional (noncommercial) on the outside. Super minimalistic atmosphere. Newspapers free in lobby daily. The location though is A++...high rent area for sure.Room: Bathroom is modern design, with shower and bathtub. Toiletries are very nice. TV comes with a DVD player, so you can rent videos nearby at an affordable price. TV has adequate channel selection, but could be better considering the price of the hotel. Bedding has high threadcount and mattress is soft. Room is very big for London standards. Walls need to be more insulated, as you can hear your neighbors clearer than desired. I couldnt understand everyword my neighbor said, but knew when he was talking. Double pane windows keep most (but not all) noise from the street. I stayed on the square side and could still sleep. If you stay on a lower floor, the bass from the DJ music will percolate up to your room. Drapes do better than average job keeping light out of the room.Food: expensive to American standards. Breakfast is $$$. Tapas only served in the restaraunt &amp; will set you back $100 per person for dinner (no wine either!). The bar is classy and modern with a DJ playing house music. Only two types of beer offered though. Rooftop lounge is in urgent need of updating, but is a must at least once if you stay here. The minibar is expensive too - go to Tesco just down the street instead.Services: I only used dry cleaning, but they did a quick good job and returned the clothes in a zippered liner. Staff downstairs is nice &amp; helpful, although the hotel has hired Eastern Europeans learning english and does not yet understand what 4-5 star hotels really stand for. A variety of magazines come with your room, but the maid threw my personal magazines out when updating the monthly periodicals!Price: expect to pay 15% more for this hotel versus others. Since you should not rent a car in London, perhaps the money can be used on the room. I have stayed at the hotel numerous times, and the riff-raff is non-existent. If you are elderly/traditional, stay at the Leicester Square hotel instead!	
Dec 16 2005	Showplace Fabulous but Beware	We booked four nights through Hilton Honors points. The room we had was roughly 300GBP a night so getting it FREE was wonderful. The bed, room, bathroom and bath products were superb. Because I am a Hilton Gold member, we were given free continental breakfast everyday (15GBP each) in lieu of a room upgrade because they were full. The breakfast was GREAT but I would have not paid for it.The location - right on Trafalgar Square -- is perfect for being in the center of London!Staff were friendly, especially the fellows at the door. The lobby is not a lobby but a bar. One night there was a private event and it felt awkward passing through the curtained off areas. There is always music and Londoners stopping in. Great for people watching but not your typical lobby atmosphere.Prices for mini-bar, drinks and extras are high so be careful. We walked two blocks to Tesco and purchased beverages, water and snacks for the room.The warning: the walls are very thin with no soundproofing. If we would have had noisy neighbors this review would be totally different. One night, the fellow in the room next door had a meeting with a business associate. Every word came through the walls clearly. I was thrilled when I heard &quot;See you in the morning...&quot; and the meeting was over.The music from the bar does filter up ever so slightly -- we were on the third floor. If you are at all sensitive to noise, ask for a high floor.I think I'll try some of the other Hiltons in London next time. For TRENDY, happening and atmosphere, this is one to try.	
Dec 15 2005	Great Hotel / No Organisation	Great Hotel in a fanatastic location. I still think this a is a great hotel that is not like any other Hilton. I stayed here 2 years ago and it was fantastic. Now it's dissapointing due to its staff. They are providing average to poor service in a fantastic hotel. This is very frustrating. I took a group of 58 people to this hotel so have heard much feedback. Breakfast took forever, I can't write about experience as you would be bored. But the hotel has many staff with no one really in charge and no one taking responsibility. It's a shame!	
Dec 9 2005	brilliant!!!!!	My husband booked a room via the net,within minutes they had mailed us a confirmation!Check-in is at 2pm,we arrived at 9am....they organised a Rush clean of the next available room.During that time we went to Harrods,they phoned us on our mobile at 12pm to let us know that a room was clean and available!Without asking, they had already made up an aditional bed for my 5yr old daughter!The service was incredible!Lovely room and very friendly accomodating staff.Unique,funky lobby!When my bank balance can afford it....We will be back.	
Dec 9 2005	great location	We stayed at the Trafalgar because we were visiting my daughter who is studying in London and the hotel is only two blocks from her classroom building. The location can't be beat.Right on Trafalgar Square, right across from the National Gallery, a short walk to theaters and restaurants. The hotel is a little different and I was worried after reading some of the reviews on this site. We had a great time with no problems. The staff was friendly and greeted us by name beginning the first day. Our rooms were on the first floor and even though the bar was closed two nights for very loud parivate parties with loud music - we didn't hear a thing up in our rooms. One room was free with points and it was nice sized. The other room was a paid standard room with breakfast included and was much bigger. The breakfast, if not included, is ridiculously expensive, so only 2 of us ate each day. They also tend to make only one trip to the table with coffee - never a refill, but very nice polite young staff. Hot breakfast was 40 GBP! We just bought rolls and drinks at Tesco express 2 blocks away, or &quot;Pret&quot; is right next door with coffee and sandwiches and salads. The bus stopped right outside the hotel, but we were able to do lots of walking too. We ate at &quot;Galileo&quot; a few blocks away, reasonably priced Italian, pretty, lovely with delicious food, after a play at the Haymarket, also a few blocks away. We ate at &quot;W'San&quot;, recommended by hotel, the first night, a short walk, good, a little pricey, but nice. We ate at (know I'm misspelling it) &quot;Hakassan&quot;, also recommended by hotel. My family loved it, but I was horrified by the prices and was searching the menu for something to order that was reasonable, and left hungry and with sticker shock. But I guess it's supposed to be a &quot;fun&quot; place. All in all a great choice of hotel for us because of the location. Our only problem was that twice our young adult daughters were hassled by the staff when they attempted to enter the hotel and told there was a cover charge (because of the bar / lobby), and they weren't quick enough to believe that they were guests. But all in all, a really great trip.	
Nov 20 2005 	Good Hotel Great Location	This hotel obviously has a great location, although from the outside just looks like you are going into a bar. It's very contemporary and you really get the London vibe.The standard rooms are very nice with an extremely comfortable bed and pillows. The bathroom was great too and there were a good selection of magazines in the room.Breakfast and room service is very expensive (it's the Hilton after all) but there is live music all the time to compensate. Staff were friendly, but not the most efficient.Overall a nice experience, even nicer as my company was paying. I would not stay here again, not because I didn't like it but because I think it is slightly overpriced and not as good as other Hiltons.	
Sep 16 2005	My favourite hotel in the world!	I just love this place. It's beautiful and the rooms are great (very spacious and light). Whenever I need to stay in London for the night I always get a room here. If you like clean, minimalist, modern design but don't want to fork out too much money then this is the place for you.I've stayed in a variety of rooms (suites, kings, doubles) and they are all of an excellent standard. The beds are very comfortable. The food (Rockwells) is superb (although quite expensive .... I paid £170 for a meal for two once!). Service throughout the hotel is very good.The gym is great. All the machines are new and it is tastefully furnished (like the whole hotel). The bar is very relaxing and I often find myself using it even when not staying here. As for the location what more can I say. Slap bang in the middle of West End London. I really wonder why so many people bother with all the other rubbish London hotels. They even have a car park out the back where you can get a reduced rate of about £30 per day.	
Sep 7 2005	Bizarre entrancebut great place to stay	The lobby is a large frequently noisy bar with a desk in one corner which is the entire check-in and service area--really weird...HOWEVER..the ultra modern rooms in this older hotel shell are great.You look out on Trafalgar Square-a superb location-through absolutely noise proofed TRIPLE glazed windows. The breakfasts and food in general are excellent, but the best feature of the hotel is the staff--probably the most helpful, friendliest,and best trained young people we've seen at a hotel except possibly the Broadmoor in Colorado Springs. A boutique gem in the Hilton crown.	
Sep 1 2005 	Not good	Me and my friend arrived here at the end of September, having booked two rooms for one night, through priceline. On arrival, the doorman took our luggage for us and showed us the reception desk. So far so good. On approaching the reception desk, I was rather somewhat confused. It seems to be badly layed out, and the receptionist seemed to be wearing her every day wear, rather than a uniform. We were then told that only one room had been booked. I thought this was a simple misunderstanding and told her that two rooms had been booked. The reply was, &quot;well, what do you expect me to do?&quot;.I was livid, we spent a futher twenty minutes arguing with the receptionist. She seemed insistent, that there was only one room available, and eventually we accpeted a twin room on the third floor. The room itself was nice. It was large and had nice beds and a modern decor. And that is as far as it goes on the positive note. Both the room service and restaurant menu were by far the worst in any Hilton I have stayed in. There is no swimming pool. There is no business centre. The hotel lobby is a mini nightclub. The breakfast was worse than that in a bed and breakfast, yet very overpriced. No memeber of staff seemed to be wearing a name badge. No comment cards in the room. Housekeeping who decide to walk in at 7.30am without knocking, or even noticing the do not disturb sign, which is shaped like a jigsaw puzzle; so no wonder they pay no attention to the signs. The list is endless, and in conclusion: do not stay here.	
Aug 28 2005	Tres Chic Trafalgar	The Trafalgar (there is no Hilton on the sign outside), was a very chic, clean-lined contemporary hotel. Was such a treat being the last night of our stay in Europe. Very cool bathroom too. There is a cool zen-like bar on the first floor (I mean ground level - their 1st floor is really 2nd floor for Americans). Only recommendation - do stay anywhere close to the first floor. There is a live band (a loud live band) that plays at night. We were on the 3rd floor and did not here a thing.	
Aug 26 2005	Great hotel in a fabulous location	We spent 3 nights at the Trafalgar Hotel and thought it to be a truly great experience. The rooms are fairly spacious, clean and well-appointed. We booked a room with a view of Trafalgar Square and National Museum that had a wonderful view, which was especially effective at night with the lights and fountains. Big props to the staff. We were traveling with my sister-in-law and 6-year old niece, the latter getting sick in the middle of the night (unfortunately in the BED!!). The late night staff promptly came up and changed the sheets and were quite helpful. The breakfast room had lovely meals and a nice selection. The hotel is within walking distance to some of the most important sites of London, including Buckingham Palace, Westminster, Big Ben, etc. Good restaurants are nearby as well.While this hotel is quite hip, it is very welcoming and fun (they play great music in the lobby bar!). We were traveling with 2 children (ages 3 and 6) and they were incredibly accomodating and helpful. You never felt out of place, despite the fact I was lugging a stroller and a toddler. We will definitely be back for a future visit whether it is with kids or without.	
Aug 3 2005	Excellent location very good hotel	Stayed at the Trafalgar one night, having had a bargain rate courtesy of Priceline. Unfortunately, the hotel was undergoing a major refurb on the ground floor, which probably accounted for the keen price.It has one of the best locations in London. Although part of the Hilton group, it has no Hilton livery, but instead is a rather hip, cool, hotel. Excellent, friendly staff gave a warm welcome on arrival.My standard room was nicely furnished in a minimalist style, and was very quiet, having a rear outlook over the British Council office building. The only gripe was the absence of a trouser press (all decent hotel bedrooms should have one), but there was an iron and ironing board. The bathroom was well equipped, with quality toiletries.The restaurant was closed due to the refurb. Breakfast was served in a room on the first floor, with great views over Trafalgar Square (one of the iconic sights of the world). A slight complaint was that the food was not as hot as it might have been.I'm not sure that this hotel will really merit five stars, even after the renovation is complete. It certainly deserves a four star plus rating, however. I would nevertheless recommend it highly, particularly to tourists who wish to be close to the major sights of this world class city.	
Jun 19 2005	Great hotel great service	We stayed at the Hilton Trafalgar in London in June, 2005 using Hilton Honors points. We got free upgrades and the service was wonderful. The front desk clerk Victoria is especially great. I recommend the hotel. It is quiet, there was no noise from the bar or street. (they have double pane windows). The continental breakfast was great and the service and staff are great. In London I would always choose this hotel.	
May 23 2005	Great Location Very Good Hotel	My wife and I spent 6 nights at this Hilton hotel and enjoyed both the city and the Hotel. However, this hotel is a lot different from other Luxury Hilton hotels that my wife and I have stayed at. It is more &quot;hip&quot; in the sense that they do have a mini night club in the lobby area with somewhat loud music playing. The elevators have red and blue light bulbs which is a little odd the first time you check in. We stayed on the 4th room and were pleased with the size of the room. There was plenty of space and had a large bathroom. However, you will need to place a towel in front of your shower door or else all of the water will flow onto the bathroom floor (because of the way the shower is built). The staff was extremely helpful and friendly which we greatly appreciated. Our hotel was within walking distance of Big Ben and the local theatres. I would recommend this hotel to anyone interested in going to London.	
May 5 2005 	Not your typical Hilton	This is not your father's Hilton. Upon arrival we found out that it was a &quot;lifestyle&quot; hotel. We had no idea what that meant, but it quickly became obvious that this wasn't the kind of Hilton we had come to expect. The lobby was a more like a nightclub or pick up joint, than an upscale 4 star hotel. The lobby was literally packed with people who were in a real party mood. The cigarette smoke was overwhelming in some places. There was a DJ playing music with speakers that must have been 10 feet tall. The music was so loud in the lobby that we couldn't hear the people at the reception desk when we checked in. I had to lean over the desk and shout at the reception staff - and they had to shout their answers back to me. When I told the staff that this wasn't what I expected from Hilton, they just said that the Hilton &quot;lifestyle&quot; hotels were something new and different for Hilton. What an understatement!Our room was on the fourth floor. The room was nice, the views were adequate, but the walls were paper thin. The music from the lobby radiated up through the walls into our room. The walls in our room literally vibrated from the sound. The people in the other rooms were constantly partying and didn't seem to notice (or care) that some of us were traveling for business and actually needed to sleep at night. Also, the wireless internet was only available in the lobby, which was simply to noisy, smoky and crowded to use.After one night, we couldn't take it anymore, so we asked to be transferred to another Hilton property. The Assistant Manager was wonderful. She understood our dilemma and helped book us into the Hilton Waldorf. That was much more our style. I guess it's true, my partying days really are long past!The bottom line is that if you want to party, stay up all night and feel like crap the next day, this is the place for you. However, if you are a business traveler who needs a refuge after a hard day - this ain't the place for you - or me for that matter!	
Apr 11 2005	Hip at the expense of basic convenience	There are some steps to enter, so, if there's no hotel staff at the front door when you first arrive (which occurred to me), you have to lift up your luggage by yourself (unless you first get in with empty hands and catch someone for help.)Lobby/Reception is too noisy as it's literally a &quot;Club&quot; playing dance music. There's no suitcase rack even in my Delux Plus room, so it lies down on the floor throughout the stay. The floor of the separate shower room is only an inch lower than the floor outside. Therefore, INEVITABLLY, as I shower, the hot water overflows the shower room into the space around the toilet seat, which makes me wonder every night throughout my stay, what kind of an architect/engineer designed this structure based on what kind of mathematics. Like all other equipments in the hotel, the design of the washstand sink is hip; it's rectangular and FLAT. Therefore, whatever you dropped on it, e.g., toothpaste slime, stays there until you wash it away with water, which makes me wonder every morning throughout my stay, why do I have to clean a washstand every day in London?The location is great, though.	
Apr 4 2005	Bad Choice	Over priced, poor service (had to ask 4 times for a roll away bed which had been prebooked weeks ahead), noisy and no residents lounge despite paying exorbitant room only fees.Only thing the hotel has got going for it is its location.	
Mar 30 2005	Best Hilton I've Ever Stayed At	I do a lot of corporate travel and had piled up enough Hilton points to book a 5 night stay. Came to London over Easter weekend, and according to the staff they were relatively empty because of the holiday. You can only reserve a standard room with points, but I asked if upgrades were available and they said it could be done for 30pounds a night - sold! Staff was sincerely friendly and helpful without being obsequious, they're all young and in their twenties and they all seem to genuinely enjoy working there. Quite a change from the blase' service I'm accustomed to seeing at the large hotel chains. Hotel is very sleek and cool, a lot like the W's. This is not your father's Hilton.We asked for a higher floor so the bar music couldn't be heard. They originally put us in room 301 which was nice - on the corner overlooking Trafalgar Square. Bathroom was nice size but it was an average size room at best by US standards, not much room to move around the bed. We hadn't even unpacked our bags when the front desk called and said they had a bigger room available down the hall, #317. Much bigger, has a nice big bay window that looks over the Square plus a sofa and large chair and plenty of floor space. I think #316 is probably the same layout, as would floors 2-6. Even though the windows were on a busy street directly above a busy bus stop you couldn't hear ANY noise at all, the windows are double glazed and completely soundproof. Very comfortable and quiet room, king size bed, my wife and I slept like a stone each night. I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel. I'm from Chicago and travel a lot and think my standards are pretty high, and I really liked this hotel. Was out and about constantly so I didn't have a meal or any cocktails at the hotel so I didn't feel the outrage of being gouged, and there's plenty of pubs and bars and restaurants around as alternatives. Besides, you're going to get pummelled drinking or eating at any decent hotel in the city. We would definitely stay here again, the location can't be beat, I love to walk and this is dead center of London. Anyplace of interest is literally within an hour's walk. Plus I am not a fan of the Tube - I don't find any romance in it's dirt and general decrepitness, and you usually have to walk the equivalent of 4-6 blocks underground to get to your platform so it's not really very quick, especially Charing Cross Station which is enormous. I much prefer taking buses in London, you can't beat the price nor the sightseeing sitting on top. And being right on Trafalgar Square, once you figure out the bus mapping system you step right out your door and can reach any compass point of London in a short time on one bus without transferring. This hotel has a lot of pluses in it's ledger as far as I'm concerned.	
Mar 27 2005	Loved It	Thoroughly enjoyed my stay; I did not encounter any of the noise problems in other reviews of the hotel. I stayed in room 220, which had no view but was overlooking a quiet back street thus cutting down the noise. Everything was quite pricey, but if you feel like splurging, then do it. The hotel staff was friendly, but I find all Brits to be that way. Do not expect to approach a hotel with Hilton splashed on the front of it -- it is more trendy nightclub-cum-internet cafe in the rear. Close to most major London attractions and for me, an avid city walker, it was the perfect location. It is near the Charing Cross transit station, which makes it a brief train ride (1 change @ London Bridge) from Gatwick airport. The transfer to Heathrow from the hotel, although shorter does involve a taxi, thus makes it more expensive. Overall, I would definitely stay again and would recommend with the caveat that you will spend a lot of money.	
Mar 17 2005	Good but sooooo over rated!	We stayed 2 nights at the Traflagar on 11th March 2004. We stayed in room 401 on the fourth Floor. The hotel reception looks nothing like a hotel reception. It's ULTRA modern, with black wood, black ceiling and sharp furniture. So if you like traditional hotels... dont go there!We booked for a deluxe room with View of the Square. While the room was lovely it was very small. The furniture again are very modern with a wooden platform finishing the bed which is pretty but when you keep banging your leg on it (room is small!!) you tend to curse the bed a bit!Rooms were supposed to be provided with CD and DVD players but the latter was missing. The Hotel offers playstation games and films on demand AT A PRICE...and it's not cheap! Over £7 for a movie and you play playstation games at an hourly rate. The mini bar is also very dear with £5 for a small bottle of water. There is a small kettle with selection of tea and coffee (limited though). And then there is the hunt for a power point to plug the kettle... shhh it is behind the desk, you have to bend down and pull the desk a little!! Breakfast is provided at a cost too. You may want to go to the cafe down the road and save 4 times what they charge you in the hotel for the same food.The bathroom was tiny. The modern sink was chipped in many places, the little shelve in front of the mirror was missing (brackets still on the wall), the toilet roll holder was coming off the wall and the tiling in the shower was very shaby (you'd expect better from a 5 Star Hotel). You are however provided with nice toileteries, soft towels, nice robes and comfy slippers. The bar downstairs was extremely noisy in the evening (a bit like a night club) with loud techno music from the DJ and the drinks there are extremely expensive.The staff are lovely and helpful but a bit snobish. One guy at the bar (Hawaiian look) was really really nice and made beautiful cocktails on demand.The Roof Terrace was closed and is always closed in the winter.... that, we didn't know until we asked!So overall, it was a nice hotel, very central, but very expensive. SO if you're rich, go there... if you want to treat yourself for a nice week-end without breaking the bank... I am sure you will find another hotel in London nicer, cheaper and as central!	
Dec 28 2004	Fun place great location	I stayed here for two weeks on business, and was very happy with it. As mentioned by others, the location is excellent. The lobby bar was fun for me, but that is admittedly a matter of taste. It is very loud and very lively until late at night. Also as mentioned before, it is VERY expensive, with a Crown Royal and Coke costing the rough equivalent of US$18. Try to get a room away from the elevators as the sound travels up the elevator shaft. The room was decent and the service was unobtrusive. There was a mention on their website that the bar would be undergoing renovations during the first quarter of 2005 (don't remember specific dates, but I think it starts early January).I'll be staying there on my next trip.	
Sep 27 2004	Location location location	The location of this hotel is perfect. The tube is right out the door, as well as a few bus stops. The National Gallery is across the street. You can walk to many other attractions. The rooms are average size for Europe, but clean. The bathrooms are a good size and clean. The staff is friendly. We visited in September and did not have any problems with noise.	
Sep 25 2004	Only if you don't want to sleep	Was in London on business. Picked this over all the other Hiltons based on reviews on this site. Wouldn't go back to this hotel unless I just wanted to party and never sleep. Walls are paper thin and hotel had plenty of guests who stay up all night long. Shower is a problem for making the bathroom totally wet. Newspaper was delivered only 2 out of 5 days. Rooms are all very smoky. Service was prompt and good. Can't blame the staff for the clientele and the structural problems.	
Apr 23 2004	No complaints!	My wife and I spent six nights at this hotel the first week of April, 2004. Very young staff, but they were all eager to please (they even put postage on our postcards and mailed them for us). We were in room 420 and found it to be clean and incredibly quiet (hint: request a room on a higher floor looking AWAY from Trafalgar square). Never had any problem getting extra towels or glasses of ice, etc. Paid just under $300 per night (use Hilton's 800 number for reservations -- we got a better price by paying for the entire stay before we even left the USA). Not lavish, but classy, tasteful, and pleasant.	
Mar 20 2004	Decent find	My husband and I just returned from 4 wonderful days in London. Our overall experience at the Hilton Trafalgar was average.The pluses: a. We found the hotel to be very convenient to all of the sites and sounds of London as well as to all forms of transportation. b. The service was good - the maid service exceptional. Although we didn't ask for any extras, each day we returned to a very clean room . c. The staff - not the concierge- mainly the front desk and bellmen always remembered us and were very informative.d. Great bathroom style with good amenities.e. Decent tv, nice to have the cd playerThe minuses:a. Hotel bar - very loud and VERY expensive - although hip and cool. You couldn't get a proper dirty martini with Olives even if you asked for it. Service was poor- empty glasses for quite som time, even though the bar was empty and we were seated at the bar!!!b. They couldn't get my United FF miles card to work.c. Odd elevator lighting- you felt like you were in a microwave.d. The shower stall leaked water out into the entire bathroom. Even when we checked in, there was water on the floor.e. Agree on previous postings, no paper, nothing to read about the hotel, and their website shouldn't post a pic with stairs leading to a sitting area if not all rooms have this.f. Concierge didn't know much about anything in the area- restaurants, bus service, shop hours - although the front desk/door staff knew more.Overall, we were lucky, got a great rate. But for the price most would pay..we're not really sure if it's worth it other than if you want a GREAT location and are into a really cool, loud, hip bar scene.	
Dec 2 2003	A rocky start but it was perfect	After very extensive research, we chose The Trafalgar as our home in London for 4 nights in early November. We booked directly through Hilton a few months in advance and received an excellent deal that included breakfast and tax. When an additional traveler popped up a week before we arrived and an additional room was needed, the booking became a complete nightmare that was not settled until we checked in. However when we checked in, it was fixed perfectly in no time. We had 2 twin rooms (connecting!) that were spacious enough for us and our luggage. When we needed a rollaway, it arrived in no time as did luggage racks. The decor is great- modern and sleek and the hotel is very clean. The bathroom is huge but could use more counterspace. The lobby doubles as a bar which was fun (we were told that for hotel guests it is open 24 hours, but you can't order drinks after 1 a.m.) and the roof top bar had a beautiful view. The location of this hotel was perfect- you can walk anywhere in 5-10 minutes. Breakfast was great- lots of choices. Our rooms had a view of the office building, but were still bright and sunny. The staff were extremely accomidating with the exception of the concierge not knowing how to spell IVY. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a hip and modern hotel in a central location. The only thing I would change is the green neon lights in the elevator- the worst.	
Nov 27 2003	Loved the roof terrace	We stayed at the Trafalgar for two nights and couldnt have asked for a better experience. The rooms are quiet and cool with excellent bathroom facilities. Breakfast included a wide selection of foods was cooked to order. The best thing was the roof terrace with bar. Not cheap but definately worth it.	
Nov 19 2003	the Hilton Trafalgar Square is 5 star	This is a great hotel and very modern. The lobby is very large and stylish with a huge and fantastic bar. The service is prompt, friendly and helpful. They gave me a quick tour of the hotel. My room was excellent -- spacious, comfortable and also stylish and modern. It's large for London. The bathroom was especially large with great water pressure in the shower and good amenities (bath robes, huge towels, good quality soaps/shampoos). The room also had a mini-bar. As for the area, the hotel is just across the street from the National Gallery and within walking distance of Covent Garden. It's also just next to the Charing Cross tube stop. Although I prefer the Bloomsbury area, I thought that this hotel was outstanding.	
Oct 30 2003	great location snobby service		
Oct 23 2003	Perfect Location in London		
Oct 1 2003	Luxury hotel without the amenites		
Sep 19 2003	Location location location		
Sep 4 2003	Expected better for the money		
Sep 1 2003	I'd stay again!		
Aug 13 2003	What a location		
Jul 10 2003	Excellent Choice/Central Location		
Jul 9 2003	Highly Recommend		
Jun 17 2003	A great hotel		
Jan 4 2008 	Idéal!		
