Nov 24 2009 	Forget 4* this hotel is a 1* hotel	I have stayed at the Radisson Edwardian Kenilworth for the past 6 years and this hotel used to be fantastic, in fact i would have classed it as a 5*. Over the years the hotel has received alot of bad press ( on 'ITV 'Tonight' Programme which related to undercover investigations regarding the Raddison Edwardian Kenilworth cleaning practices i.e- dirty towels and linen to clean bathrooms and drinking glasses, using toliet brush to clean wash basin etc ) but i stuck by them thinking they made a major change to their working practices so lets be loyal and give them another chance.Well, for the first couple of months staying at the hotel things changed. Now the hotel has gone down hill again. You maybe thinking how do i know? well i have stayed here so many times and have seen it with my own eyes.The standards are shocking, the staff are rude, the rooms are unclean, the TV never has any reception, the windows in some rooms do not open (the staff say its because of health and safety- great if you like living in a prison).Overall i think you need to think hard about staying here. You maybe thinking why do i stay here?1) its beacuse it used to be a excellent hotel and i thought they may change.2) because my firm has a contract with them (Which hopefully which change as i have given them a raft of issues when staying here-).This hotel chain loves to take praise from its customers but struggles with criticism. Prime example just look at some of the positve responses it have received (on here) and the managment has responded. The negative responses left by customers never get a response (maybe they cant see them or wish to ignore them)Radisson.......my advice (to Raddison and Mr Singh- owner of Raddison Chain) is to wake up!!!!!! and look at what is going on in your hotel (Get loyal users of your service to provide feedback not mystery shoppers to just have a glance). If you dont this will effect the brand and the reputation of your organisation (it already has with me- and the many others i will telling about my experience- worst hotel in London to stay at and i have stayed at many) Customers reading this......overall the location is great (but their are other hotels in the location) but stay at another hotel until they have had an refubishment and a good clean or you will be paying the price of a 4* when you only should be charged for a 1*.	
Nov 21 2009 	Best value of the The Radisson Edwardian Hotels in London	Stayed in this hotel for two nights with my wife: she was on a business trip and I just enjoyed myself. The de luxe room was huge, very well appointed and clean. Arriving quite late to book in staff were helpful and quick. The restaurant had a special offer and the staff there were terrific. The hotel was very secure with lots of staff around: this is important in London. Easy to get taxis from the door of the hotel.The hotel is in Great Russell St: a very short walk to the British Museum, Oxford St, the West End and and five minutes walk to the New Palace Theatre, where we saw Priscilla Queen of the Desert (best show in town).This hotel is not cheap, but all hotels in London are expensive. I thought it was good value for money.	
Nov 20 2009 	Very comfortable hotel in excellent location	The (double) room was quite small but very comfortable, pleasantly decorated and very clean. All the staff were particularly friendly and helpful. The hotel is very conveniently located close to the British Museum and 5 minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station and Oxford Street. My evening meal was very good value as well as being delicious, and the buffet style breakfast was also very good. I stayed there a week ago - and I will be staying there again next week.	
Nov 14 2009 	the kenilworth -great russell st. rocks!!!	i have stayed at the kenilworth regularly since 1984 and have always found it very friendly and welcoming--convenient-good value--recently,due to the new manager and guest relations manager (karthik and kumar) -the level of service is even better-the rooms are great and there is always a friendly welcome-the concierge (usually colm) is always ready with tips and interested to hear what adventure one has had upon returning-i can't say enough about my good experience there!....beth placek ---austin,texas..usa	
Nov 12 2009 	Always a warm friendly home from home.	I have had the pleasure of staying at the Radisson Edwardian Kenilworth hotel many times over the last 8 to 10 years, and every time is a great experience.I am a professional musician, and travel the world, staying in many different hotels, but when in London, the kenilworth is always a warm friendly home from home. As soon as I arrive the front desk staff are attentive, and charming. I must also sing the praises of their concierge Colm, who can't do enough for you. The rooms are always clean and sumptiousThe breakfast is wonderfulI can't praise it enough.Liane Carroll	
Nov 9 2009 	Pubic hair found on my "FRESH" sheets	I had stayed in the park plaza on the embankment on business recently, sobooked this room with confidence as the plaza was great and the Raddison is in the same group.I have to say your hotel let us down badly - Let me list my disappointment the hotel1 - I found a ladies false nail on the carpet ( My wife never travelled with us !)2 - I found guests hair on my sheet cover 3 - I found pubic hair on my bed sheet4- The sheets didn't have the crisp feel of fresh sheetsWe arrived at the hotel at approx 13:00 and went sightseeing in London so didn't notice any problems until we returned at 9pm. I initially only noticed the nail and called the manager, whom as an apology offered us complimentary breakfasts, great I thought, however, some time later I got ready for bed and then I noticed the hairs. I called the manager again and he moved usto a different room - what struck me immediately was how clean it was, what differed was the crisp sheets and the cards left on the bed that confirmed the sheets hadbeen changed, our initial room however, did not have these cards andcomparing sheets in both rooms, in my view they were older looking and not crisp !. This is simply unacceptable.I had arranged this trip to show my daughter the sights of London, unfortunately what should have been a excellent 4* hotel ended updissapointing and left myself and my daughter felling let down.What is clear to me I was provided a room that looked like ts bed linen changed and had a ladies false nail on the carpet and someone else's hair &amp; pubic hair on my bed sheets - hardly 4* treatment.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great location - small room	We stayed for 2 nights from Oct 17. Had one very small twin room, and one slightly bigger double. Hotel is very close to Brithish Museum and West End and Oxford Street. Nice polite staff. Underground from Heathrow to Holborn. Walking distance from this.	
Nov 7 2009 	Lovely hotel Lovely staff Great location!	Having been so dissappointed with the Kingsways Hall Hotel (see my last review), myself and my husband decided to try The Radisson Edwardian Kenilworth for our return trip to London. Just off Oxford Street, this hotel offers a great location while also being set in a quiet peaceful area which is perfect for a good nights sleep after a busy day! On arrival we received a very warm welcome and were allocated a delux king room. The room was spacious and well furnished, the bathroom was very clean and included one of my favorites - a heated towel rail - very welcome after a long soak in the bath. I would agree that the TV service is limited but that was the only thing. We really enjoyed our stay in this lovely hotel and would highly recommend it!	
Nov 7 2009 	Smart hotel with polite staff and quiet central location	Use the hotel regularly for business and find the rooms well equipped if snug, always comfortable. Staff are helpful and friendly. The location is perfect for the British Museum and Theatreland, yet in a reasonably quiet location. Plenty of restaurants and pubs nearby with easy access to public transport by bus or tube (always a taxi close by) If there is a downside it is only small and is common to major chain hotels, whilst they provide tea &amp; coffee making facilities they never put small packs of biscuits with them the way the smaller family run hotels and basic Travelodge hotels do	
Nov 6 2009 	Poor HVAC and TV degrade otherwise good hotel	Hotel has an excellent location and the staff is very, very good. Rooms are small, but our were clean. But, the really poor heating and air conditioning systems and the almost non-existent TV service really degrade the experience of staying there. Hotel promises upgrades of both systems to come, but until those are completed we would urge real caution in booking.	
Oct 29 2009 	unclean rooms and bad communication	I was very excited to stay at the Four Star Radisson in October. I had booked the trip as a surprise for my husbands birthday. When we arrived in the room I went to the bathroom and commented to my husband that it looked unclean and there was a lot of hair on the floor. We did not report this as we do not complain. When I got in the shower later I looked into the soap dish and was confronted with a big ball of pubic hair. It was quite obvious the bathroom had not been cleaned at all. We then complained and they said they would contact us in the week. We waited until the following Thursday when we rung them. They said that if we came back and paid for a standard room they would upgrade us to a better room. We have no intention of ever going back there and did accept the offer. We are still in discussions with the head office. This was not a four star hotel	
Oct 27 2009 	Great Location	Very close to the British Museum, but felt like I was in a neighborhood, but still close to everything.	
Oct 26 2009 	A nice surprise	Our family of 6 stayed at the Kenilworth for my father's 70th birthday weekend and it was better than I'd expected. We got a great pre-pay deal &amp; so consider the Kenilworth to offer probably the best value for money available in a decent and well located central London hotel.The location is good - 100m from the British Museum, maybe 200m from Tottenham Court Road tube and an easy 5-10 mintes walk from Covent Garden, China Town, Theatre District and Soho. The lobby, bar &amp; restaurant are quite contemporary in decor, which is quite a contrast to the traditional exterior of the building. There is free internet access available in the lobby, which is incredibly useful for planning whilst in London.We had breakfast included in our rate, but otherwise it costs £17 which is a bit pricey but there is an excellent selection, all buffet style - cereals, fresh fruit, luxury Losely yoghurts, meats, cheeses, pastries, full English (including 2 types of sausage), and additional items which need to be ordered (eggs benedict, pancakes, kippers, omelette).Rooms are well equipped and ours were quite spacious. All the usual amenities that you'd expect from a 4* property (minbar, haridryer, aircon etc), but also some useful extras (e.g iron &amp; ironing board). The decor was a little tired &amp; dark, but the rooms were really pretty decent for the price. A lovely touch was the provision of strawberries &amp; chocolates in the room (I assume that this was a treat for my Dad's birthday).Service at the Kenilworth is exceptional, so I would have no hesitation in recommending the place as a good value option.	
Oct 24 2009 	Wonderful customer service in a fabulous location!	Every staff member with whom we dealt was warmly professional and considerate, including the front desk, concierge, room staff and restaurant personnel. Considering that part of our extended family included our daughter and son-in-law with a small baby, we were very pleased. Our rooms were perfect for our needs. The decor of the hotel was appealingly clean-lined and comfortably modern, and their wireless internet connectivity was excellent. Also, the location, just a couple of short blocks from the Tottenham Court tube at one end and the British Museum even nearer the other direction, cannot be topped. We'll happily visit this hotel again in the future and will recommend it to friends and family as well.	
Oct 19 2009 	Good hotel close to the British Museum	I wanted to stay near the British Museum for a 2-day conference, so I stayed for 3 nights. I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the single room, however, it was too hot and I couldn't open the window. The air-con had no effect. I didn't like the fact that they left a voicemail to which I had to listen and then delete if I was happy with the service, when I'd only left my luggage and gone straight out. The second evening I had an annoying notice on the TV checking if my stay was okay. Eventually they sent the maintenance man to reprogramme the TV, as no-one could delete the message for me to watch a programme! I liked the free morning newspaper and shoe-shine service. There was plenty of choice for breakfast (paid for as an extra), but after the first morning, I decided to use one of the local cafes, because you pay for a full English breakfast regardless of what you eat.There were plenty of restaurants/cafes in the area and some roads had a buzzy atmosphere. It's convenient for Tottenham Court Tube Station and many buses from Victoria Station.	
Oct 16 2009 	A very good business hotel	I stay about once a month and I am always looked after well. A full English breakfast is included in my booking. Rooms are a bit on the small side but well presented and all facilities are available.	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect for short stay	I stayed in a single room for one night. What I loved about the Hotel was the location. It was about a block from the train station, so as a first time traveler in London, I was able to find the hotel very easily. It was pretty central to the rest of London, so it was great to get around. They are also less than a block away from the British Museum, which is awesome, so that was a nice convinience. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very small, then again Ive never stayed in a single room before. The bathroom was extrememly tiny, but it was very clean and basically functional for what I needed. I was very comfortable, felt safe and I would most certainly stay there again. I got a great price for the location, so I have no complaints.	
Oct 8 2009 	Fabulous weekend visit enjoying excellent service fantastic suite perfectly located for Covent Garden and West End	Arrived to a warm welcome, all staff were friendly and helpful. The suite was lovely, a good size, very elegant and had everything you could need. The hotel was in a great location, as we wanted to visit Covent Garden and the West End, and both were in walking distance. We would highly recommend this hotel and hope to stay there again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Much better than I had expected as a solo traveller	As a solo traveller and having read the previous reviews of this hotel, I was a bit concerned that the single rooms might not be very good. Upon arrival I mentioned this concern at reception and asked if I could avoid the smallest of rooms if possible. Although I was only booked into a 'standard single room' I was pleasantly surprised with the room I was allocated. Twin beds and a fair size, with all the usual facilities, clean bright and with air conditioning.These old London hotels often have problems meeting the expectations of moden travellers, used to the well appointed budget hotels that are fast appearing. This is often because of the constraints imposed by the age and design of the buildings they occupy. Nonetheless, I felt that the room I had been given more than adequate for the price being paid. The only minor issue was the size and shape of the bath/shower, being narrow and high sided. It was not really one thing or the other and therefore wasn't satisfactory on either account. I suggest that they just go for a standard shower cubicle the next time they refurbish the room. Apart from this the en-suite was clean and well laid out for the space avialable.The hotel is ideally situated for the West End theatre district and within easy walking distance of many resturants, including the Chinese quarter in Gerrard Street. Thus, I didn't use the resturant for an evening meal but had a really excellent breakfast in the morning, one of the best I have had in a hotel anywhere recently.Overall, I found this hotel to be one of the better ones in London, within the price range, and plan to stay there again in the near future.	
Oct 7 2009 	Hmmmm	Good location for shows and restuarants. Rooms a bit hit and miss. Room 623 has to be one of the smallest rooms I have ever been given in all my business experience. Think of a monk's cell ! Really I know space is at a premiun but a decent hotel should be embarrassed to charge full price for this. One of my other rooms was at the same level as the second floor of passing London busses, and no net curtains !! The third room I was given was an upgrade and the minimum I would expect from a hotel really. The staff were very pleasant , beds were comfortable and clean but.... that isn't enough to outweigh the above.	
Oct 7 2009 	Good Location Nice Staff Free Room Upgrade	Good Location, Nice Staff, Free Room Upgrade - 10 minutes to downtown London and Shopping Areas	
Oct 7 2009 	FAB	I booked this hotel through Superbreak as we were going to see a show for my birthday. The Radisson Kenilworth was 'FAB'. Its in a great location for everything, we didn't need to use the tube once and the only taxi we got was back to the station which cost us less than £8. We had a corner room on the 3rd floor overlooking the road and to say you are in the middle of a busy area the view was brill. There is a Greek (I think) restaurant on the corner called 'TAS', we went there both days for lunch and its lovely. The hotel room we had was slightly on the small side but still really nice, with everything you could want and a very good bathroom. The staff were very helpful and friendly not that we needed them for much. Breakfast was great too, we had it included in our rate and to say it was a buffett hot/cold breakfast everything was fresh and was always re-filled. I would definitely stay at this hotel again, in fact if I could get the same rate I paid this time, every time I would stay at the Kenilworth for all my London visits - and would certainly recommend it!	
Oct 2 2009 	said they were overbooked and moved me	I booked through hotel.com via Hongkong which is one of the big ones and still the hotel refused me a room, paid for a taxi and sent me to another of their hotels 2 subway stops farther away from their location. They gave me a larger room and promised me it wouldn't happen again. This was not my first tune there and if I come again, I plan on booking directly with the hotel and no agent even though it costs more, but at least I will get a room.	
Oct 1 2009 	Central hotel with very good staff	A well placed hotel within easy walking distance of Covent garden and the theatres. All the staff were friendly and the rooms were clean. Breakfast was one of the best I've had for buffet self service.The hotel is not massive, so it retains is small world charmI will be staying at it whenever i'm in London	
Sep 28 2009 	Confirmed booking cancelled in the last minute.	I booked a room through Roomsnet.com in February,2009 , 5 months beofre arrival. Roomsnet confirmed my reservation and charged my credit card account in June, and emailed me a voucher for my stay for 5 days in this hotel. Two days before my scheduled arrival I got an email cancellation notice from Roomsnet telling me, due to a contract dispute they had to terminate my booking.I was face with a situation where I could not find an alternative hotel, in this area, and because all the hotels were already booked, I had no choice , but to stay with a friend. Although Roomsnet reimbursed me, they put me in a very difficult situation and I would highly recommend not to do buisness with Roomsnet.	
Sep 22 2009 	Friendly staff and very central.	Really enjoyed the hotel. Very central . Great staff. Street noise the only problem, but that's London.!!Will definately stay again.	
Sep 21 2009 	The best place to stay before and after a London Show.	For polite, discreet , yet attentive service this is a must. Nothing was too much trouble.	
Sep 18 2009 	Very Central Clean Quiet and Secure	The hotel room was spacious for London standards. Hotel is Incredibly central and easy access to the tube. There was a safe in the room and free wifi. Limited TV channels, but who really has time for TV in London. Considering you are in the hub of the city, it was very quiet. Staff were friendly and helpful. It was a pleasant 4 night stay. Had no issues at all and would stay there again,	
Sep 16 2009 	Bijou Single In A Fantastic Location.	I had stayed at the Radisson Kenilworth in 2005 and was happy enough when, for this trip, it emerged that I had once again chosen it from the &quot;Top Secret Hotel&quot; option on the Aer Lingus Hotels' website (€86 r/o). I was under no illusion about the size of the single rooms. True, they are small, with a miniscule shower-room, but a guest's satisfaction with room size will be determined by the amount of time spent therein or the amount of work space available if, for example, you are a business visitor. (If you are an up-and-coming acrobat and want to slot in a little in-room training for the 2012 Olympics during your stay, then this room just won't suit!). I was offered a Deluxe Single at a higher rate which I was told would be marginally bigger. For the sake of a one-night stay I stuck with my original choice. A longer stay might sway me to an upgrade as I imagine it would get a little claustrophobic after a few days. My ground floor room faced on to Bloomsbury St. but there were no traffic or street noise issues. It had all the amenities a guest would expect in a 4*. The hotel's most impressive qualities are its relaxing and tastefully decorated general areas, its excellent location and its attentive front-of-house staff. The receptionist was excellent and I was made to feel that I was a valued guest. Check-in was fast and efficient and I got a phone call to enquire if everything was to my satisfaction with the room. On departure, my luggage storage was looked after by the helpful concierge. Parking or dining facilities did not apply for my stay so I cannot comment on these. I wanted a clean, quiet room at a central London location and I got just that. The excellent rate was an added bonus and would probably be influential in my decision on future bookings.	
Sep 14 2009 	stay anytime	one underground stop for all theatres,shopping and sight seeing	
Sep 13 2009 	bed bugs- don't stay here	my stay here was the worst week of my life. I had to switch rooms the first night because the room i was initially given smelled like an ash tray and the tv and the phone didn't work. maybe i should have stayed there because the next room i was given, i woke up to find bed bugs. i had to throw out all of my luggage.	
Sep 8 2009 	Fantastic location	I had read a few bad reviews of this hotel on Tripadvisor before I travelled, but personallly I thought this hotel was great.I paid £100 per room per night on a bed and breakfast basis which is quite reasonable considering it's central London location.The hotel is very clean and tidy and the staff helpfull.Alot of people are complaining about the room size. Our (My wife and I) room was not the biggest hotel room we've ever stayed in but we weren't planning any ballroom dancing in it so it was fine. Why do people feel the need to complain if their hotel room isn't at least twice the size of their bedroom at home? You sleep in it and get changed in it. The built-in wardrobe was spacious and had plenty of hangers for both of us. The en-suite had a double shower, a toilet and a basin... all we needed and all clean. I looked at the floor plan on the fire escape information leaflet and noticed that one or two rooms were SLIGHTLY smaller than ours, so unless you get a tiny rooom, I don't see much grounds for complaints. We stayed on a bed and breakfast basis and the breakfast was great. Plenty of fruit, cereals, hams and cheeses, fuit juices, tea, coffee and of course cooked breakfast. There is a chef on standby all through breakfast incase you want something which isn't already on view, eg., pancakes or omlettes... Just ask. The staff in the breakfast room were also very polite and helpfull.The best thing about this hotel is it's location... About 3 or 4 minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station which is at the junction of Tottenham Court Road and Oxford Street. Anyone who hasn't been to London should note that once you're in the underground, you're only 5 mins from anywhere in the city.One important thing about this hotel is that it is not exactly where it shows on all the on-line maps of London which I viewed. They show it on Great Russell Street opposite the British Museum. It is actually on the corner of Great Russell Street and Bloomsbury Street which is to the left of the museum if you're facing the front entrance. The nearest tube station is Tottenham Court Road.Overall, I would definitely use this hotel again, and would definitely recommend it to a friend.	
Aug 29 2009 	This hotel is very clean and comfortable together with being well located for major tourism within London	This was our first London long weekend and was essentially a birthday present for my wife. Our specifications were to select bed and breakfast in a 4 star hotel within easy walking distance of Covent Garden and St Martin's theatre to see the Mousetrap. We arrived at the hotel early and were allowed to access our room. The reception staff were very helpful and patient. The room, despite viewing the photo's on the internet, exceeded our expectations. The king size bed was firm but comfortable, there was a writing table with two comfortable upholstered chairs and a large wardrobe. The woodwork panelling above the bed gave the room a quality feel. The breakfast food was well presented and of a good quality and variety. We always go for the cooked breakfast to prepare us for the day ahead. Likewise the dinner selection was very comprehensive, well prepared and presented. The table staff were attentive without being fussy. As we had a 2 for 1 voucher from Superbreak our menu choice was limited for the one evening. Nevetheless we had egg Benedict with spinach on a muffin, Welsh sea bass with quails egg and panacotta with Yorkshire rhubarb crowned with a juicy strawberry. The total cost, with a bottle of mineral water and rounded off with a cup of cappucino coffee: £33 inc of service charge. Within an easy 5 to 20 minutes walk are Soho, Oxford Street, Covent Garden, British Museum and the River Thames. Tottenham Court Road, Holborn and Oxford Circus underground are all within 10 to 20 minutes walk allowing you access to all of London. My only mildly negative statements are that the heating in the bathroom was far too hot, the volume on the TV was restricted, though the reason is understandable, and we were not informed that the door card to the room also operated the lights by inserting it in the slot on the wall just inside the door.We both take the view that we would not recommend anywhere that did not meet our home standards for cleanliness and overall appearance. This meet both of those standards. Enjoy your stay!!	
Aug 28 2009 	Warm comfortable hotel and staff very friendly.	Hotel is warm, comfortable and the staff are very friendly. The breakfast buffet is organised efficiently and there is a wide choice of food and drink.	
Aug 25 2009 	Brilliant warm and friendly couldn't fault it!	We stayed at this hotel as part of a birthday visit to London mainly to be typical tourists and take in the shows. The hotel itself was excellent the only slight disadvantage we had was that we were given one of the smaller twin rooms on a higher level, this wasn't really a problem therefore we had no reason to ask to be moved but it would have been nice to have a bit more room to manoeuvre around the bedroom, having said that that was the only iffy bit of our stay!The staff were incredible every one of them was friendly and couldn't do enough for us, we were checked in straight away even though we arrived before the 2pm check in time, and the staff in the dining/breakfast room were also very pleasant and efficient even going so far as to remember us by name when we went down to breakfast in the mornings! It really is these little things that make our stays more enjoyable.The location of the hotel itself is great and certainly very well placed if you want to go to the Dominion theatre (We will rock you was on at the time) and the Shaftesbury theatre (we saw Hairspray, fantastic and highly recommended) also for the tube, Tottenham Court Road station is a mere 5-7 mins walk away depending on the state of your feet and legs!!!All in all I would definitely stay at this hotel again, friendly staff, warm atmosphere and very good food!!!!	
Aug 16 2009 	If your only afer a single - dont do it!	First the plus points - easy check in, very friendly and helpful staff. The breakfast was good, everywhere was clean and there was a free newspaper in the morning delivered to your door. The bar (not sampled) looked good. The hotels location is really very good, very close to underground stations and a short taxi ride from Kings Cross/Euston. There are also several really good places to eat very nearby. I had an excellent meal at the Mediterranean restaurant only a few paces away.However, this was one of my worse nights ever. My room (if that’s what you can call it!) was tucked away in a corner and was the smallest room you have ever seen. Enough room for a single bed and maybe about as much room again (just possibly). The adjoining shower room had a very small shower and just about enough room to stand in as well (but not enough to dry yourself). It was also extremely noisy and in the morning I was woken by the sound of cleaners trolley - parked outside my room - collecting of pates from the nights room service etc.As soon as I saw the room I returned to check-in to complain - was obviously expected! Check-in staff obviously embarrassed but couldn’t help - hotel full - sure I have heard that one before. I only stayed because I had arrived late (9 pm) and tired and didn’t have the energy to walk out - and was only staying for one night. I have no reason to think that the hotel doesn’t have some nice rooms but for me never again	
Aug 13 2009 	Disappointing Stay	I had mixed feelings about my stay in this hotel. On the plus side, the hotel is in a great location, only a short walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station and within walking distance of Oxford Street, Soho, etc. We enjoyed some nice food and drinks in the bar, we did not try the restaurant.On the downside, our room was not to the standard which we would expect for a 4 star hotel and we experienced a number of problems.To begin with, on arrival our room did not look as if it had been properly cleaned. The toilet bowl was dirty, there was dirty water in the handbasin and the bin in the room had not been emptied. The TV did not work properly and kept switching back to the list of pay-per-view films, we then could not switch the TV off. We were rushing out for the night or we would have requested a change of room at this point.Having returned after a night out, we discovered that both key cards which we had been given would not work properly. This meant we had to go back down to reception to be let in to our room by the manager on duty. The following morning we were repeatedly woken by the housekeeping service ringing our hotelroom doorbell even though when they first called, we had requested that they return later. Our first call was at 8.50am even though checkout was not until 11am. Following the call at 8.50 am, we received an estimated 4 further calls.I would hesitate to stay in this hotel again considering the price which we paid for our nights stay and the number of problems which we experienced.	
Aug 12 2009 	luck of the draw...often bad	This chain of Edwardian Raddisons is just so random. I have stayed at 3 of them in London and ir ranges from the very pleasant to the downright shocking and this was right at the bottom. A double room with late arrival ended up as a two single beds (told a bigger room!) in a room without a proper shower (stand up bath with curtain or cubicle around it?). Eventually moved to a smelly smoking double and just gave up....My adviceis to be careful, dont take someone you care about with you and dont be fobbed off. I wish I had more energy at the time but just wanted to go to sleep!	
Aug 12 2009 	Typical for London overpriced and only average	I stayed here whilst taking an exam in London, I have to say I'm now used to paying over the odds for poor quality in London! The hotel looks like it has recently been done out but not to a high standard and the beds are very uncomfortable. Breakfast is very expensive and not the quality I would expect for what's supposed to be a luxury brand hotel. If it's not part of your deal i wouldn't bother and would go to one of the nearby and excellent small cafes. Good location very close to the British Museum though but this should not be an excuse for these places to charge over the odds for 5 star that is actually only 3 star in reality.	
Aug 10 2009 	Fabulous value	Superb middle size hotel in an ideal location. The reception staff were very welcoming bright and witty. Room was not huge but we paid very little for a hotel of this quality. PLEASE try the restaurant, they were doing a variety of deals on menus whilst we were there and the food and drink were remarkably inexpensive and superbly tasty. Drinks were cheaper than in the local pubs! Nothing was too much trouble for these people and even awkward guests were treated extremely courteously. We will use this hotel for all of our London breaks from now on.	
Aug 6 2009 	At Last	After stopping in hotels all over the world I have at last found the Best. From the smile fom the receptionist to the final goodbyes it was a welcome to stay in this hotel. The Raddison group should be proud of it.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great Location very helpful and very courteous staff.	This hotel is just 5 minutes away from Tottenham Court tube and is only a 10 to 15 min walk to Covent garden and Leicester square. The service is excellent and the staff were very welcoming and friendly. Breakfast was great, filled us us until well earned glass of wine in the afternoon!! Room was really comfortable , but thank goodness for the air conditioning!	
Aug 5 2009 	Stay early August	This is &quot;the wrong&quot; hotel. Though clean it's worn out, small 1 person rooms, and no airco. The location is good though. I would not go here again, and would advice Radisson management to refurbish this place.	
Aug 3 2009 	Luxury with Marvellous Happy 	Visited with my daughter to see 2 shows. This hotel is on the door-step of the British Museum, Oxford Street honestly 5 mins walk, Covent Garden 10minutes away. Great location.Staff at the Kenilworth were helpful, efficient and so very kind. The hotel has a beautiful Asian art displays; the food was delicious; the public areas so beautiful.I will definitely return.	
Jul 30 2009 	Perfect location	Oxford Street shops, many theatres,restaurants, all within 5 minutes walk.Excellent staff, comfortable room and a brilliant breakfast. Very good value for money.	
Jul 30 2009 	Just perfection....	I have to say that I had read a number of the reviews and was a little concerned by some of them.... When we arrived we got a very warm welcome from the receptionist and the offer of an upgrade to a deluxe room.. as it was our wedding anniversary we accepted and got to the room to find that it was lovely, the photos really didn't do it justice..... the bed was supersized and super comfy. Hubby complained the TV was a little on the small side but who goes to London to watch TV was my reply!!!!!! The breakfast was buffet style and if you couldn't find something there to suit then I would be very surprised.... We ate a hearty breakfast each day that was well worth the £17 as other establishments/cafe were charging a similar price for lesser quality and quantity.All staff were extremely polite and helpful, the staff in the creations Bar and restaurant were always happy to help and give you assistance where they could.The concierge was extremely helpful indeed organising a Taxi for us and tickets when requested...... the man never seemd to have a minute to himslef he was always on the go I'm sure he could do with a pay rise for the work he does..... ha haAll in all this brief (4day) trip was excellent and we will definitely return in the very near future....... just on thing that I didn't much care for was the room service Pizza, to me they were dire, but that could just be my personal taste........ Hubby thought it was fine.	
Jul 24 2009 	Good hotel great location	The location of the hotel is just perfect, just a short walk from Tottenham Court Road subway station, not far from Soho, Chinatown, Covent Garden and Leicester Square.The hotel is really nice, the staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are ok but a bit small, especially if you are two people travelling with quite large suitcases.The breakfast is really great, especially the fresh fruits!	
Jul 24 2009 	Good hotel with good service	My wife and I stayed for 2 nights at the Kenilworth after booking to see a show with Superbreaks. The hotel was clean and well set out. The staff were very friendly and gave a good quality of service. We were upgraded due to me pointing out we were down for my wifes birthday which was nice. The room was spacious enough, the only problem was the air con leaked. All together a good hotel in a good position.	
Jul 24 2009 	4**** ???????? I think don't deserve.	The service was pathetic. We were allotted Room # 414. Me and my wife were having lunch in the room and a gentlemen walked in the room swipping his card and saying that even he has been alloted the same room by the receptionist. Our privacy was disturbed and we were not feeling secured staying in the room.When spoke to the operator she said she had no idea about the same. Later came to know it was a Technical fault of the system. I don't think a four star hotel can afford such a technical mishap.Secondly, the room was compact and the loo was two small and it had a mini television. Wallpaper was coming off and the heating equipment was very old fashioned and complicated. Was provided with a small blanket and had to ask for another blanket. Had to request for the Iron and Iron stand and the one provided was already in a bad shape. Thirdly, when we returned to the hotel late in the evening the door card was not working. When seeked help from the reception, suprisingly the reception guy was blaming me that I have kept the card with my credit card or mobile and have spoiled it. Then I had to say the room was alloted to some other individual and hence even my card was deactivated. Even after that did not receive an apology from the reception guy. This is not the first time I have come to a four star hotel that I don't know the usage of a door card. I have worked with IBM and know about the technology very well. Fourthly, the very first meal of the day makes or spoils a person's day. My wife ordered for a poached egg. The waitress provided her with half cooked poached egg without salt. This concludes that hotel service needs to be taken care off seriously. However, would thank the hotel staff for such a pathetic experience and would ensure that this experience is shared with all my friends in facebook. Will ensure that none of my family members, my office colleagues and my close relatives stay at Radisson Edwardian Kennilworth hotel. I don't think it should fall under four star category.	
Jul 21 2009 	Fantastic hotel in great location	I needed a hotel at short notice for a business trip which spilled over into the following day. I booked through a discount website and was surprised and delighted to be upgraded to an executive room on check in. It had been a very long day and I still needed to do another few hours work before I could totally relax.I ordered room service which was prompt and attracted only a £1.50 room service charge, amazing compared to a £5 service charge I was recently charged by another hotel. I had a little difficulty finding the light switch for the work station area and an in-house electrician was despatched to sort out the problem (my fault entirely, the only switch I hadn't tried!) and also a slight glitsch logging on to the free wifi site - again resolved very quickly with the aid of the gentleman on Reception. The following morning I received a follow-up call from the Duty Manager, obviously having been notified of my problems, checking that everything had been resolved to my satisfaction.The room was fantastic, the service exemplary, the food great and it will certainly be my hotel of choice if I need a hotel in Bloomsbury in the future.	
Jul 19 2009 	excelent hotel will return	stayed in this hotel twice so far and will return. good location, friendly staff very helpful. nicely decorated and decent size rooms with all facilities you need. breakfast very good, plenty of choice. all in all a good choice central london hotel, good value for money.	
Jul 18 2009 	Good value excellent position	Well received at reception clear information from check in staff.The room was spotless and well presented,all the usual features,tea making,mini bar,tv.The location was good for bus travel and a short walk to Covent Garden.We had an excellent two days and will return.We booked via Super Breaks.	
Jul 15 2009 	Ok for a short stay	I stayed here for 5 months Jan through May 09 and this is testimony in itself. I would stay there again and can recommend it. However the rooms are small relatively speaking and most if not all of the niggles I posted with the Customer Services manager are being addressed by him. It is in an excellent location.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great location Reasonable Price	My friend and I recently stayed at the Kenilworth and were very happy with this hotel. The location is great. It is only a 5 minute walk to the tube and only a 2 minute walk to the British Museum. I felt the price was very reasonable for the location. There are plenty of dining choices nearby, shopping (Covent Garden) is only a 10-15 minute walk and with access to the underground so close by, you are only minutes away to anywhere you want to go. The room was a reasonable size for the 2 of us. We had 2 twin beds and they were very comfortable. The bathroom was quite big (for Europe) and modern. They had a great shower! They also offered free internet access with 3 computers located in their business center which was helpful. The bar was a bit pricey but we were in London. I would recommend this hotel to first time London travelers as the location is great. The mistake I made with booking. I waited to pay when I arrived and not prepay. This cost me an extra $200 or more because of the exchange rate. If you are happy with the price and you already have travel insurance, I would recommend paying ahead of time so there are no surprises once you arrive. This was not the fault of the hotel.	
Jul 11 2009 	No room to swing a cat	I stayed here on 1st July 2009. The location is great and the public areas are fine. My room was another story. A tiny single room - the lack of space compounded by the fact that te chair didn't fit under the desk so could not be pushed out of the way. I left with two bruises from banging into the furniture and burn from squeezing past the iron after I had used it and was waiting for it to cool down so I could put it away. The room was also shabby with stains on the carpet and chair and a very scuffed door. The wardrobe door didn't close so the bright light inside it was very obvious when I was trying to sleep. My colleagues room was slightly better but not much. On the plus side breakfast was excellent. It wouldn't be my first choice of hotel next time but would do in the absence of anyone else.	
Jul 11 2009 	Good London hotel	Nice hotel, friendly staff, excellent breakfast. Would definitely stay again	
Jul 10 2009 	excellent staff most welcoming	Me and my husband have recently stayed at this hotel, and I have no complaints whatsoever. Staff were very helpful, very friendly and would do anything to help. Location was absolutely brilliant for just about any part of london you wanted. About a ten minute slow walk (I walk with a stick) to nearest tube station, same time to Covent Garden, and Oxford Street was in easy reach. Would definately stay here again.	
Jul 8 2009 	Little complaints add up to one big headache	I have travelled down to London a few times to work and have stayed in this hotel 3 times this year. The last two times I have had cause for complaint.I stayed in the Radisson Kenilworth in May 2009 for two nights and when I got to my room I was at first met with a strange smell. I opened the window of the room rather than asking for the room to be changed as I just wanted to relax after a long day. I unpacked my small case and decided to head out for dinner. I went to put my valuables in the safe, I noticed that this didn't work, so had to take my valuables (including my laptop) with me while I went out. In the morning I noticed where the smell was coming from. As I turned around in the tiny shower room after emptying the sink I saw the water come up in the drain for the shower. Due to the lack of decent windows, there was a constant draught coming in and the street noise kept me awake all night. After returning to work I received a comment card by email, I completed this, but didn't hear anything back.Unfortunately, I had already booked my next stay at this hotel for June, fortunately it was only for one night. I got to my room, which was very stuffy due to the hot weather, I turned on the air conditioning, with little effect. It was difficult to get to sleep with the weather, but as I was next to the service lift, and what must have been a utility cupboard, I was also disturbed throughout the evening by staff members banging crockery on trolleys outside my room with no regard for the fact that they were right outside the door of an occupied room. Again, I completed my comment card when I received it by email. But as yet, one week on have still not had a reply.When booked this hotel I was fully prepared to be in a tiny room, with a bit of street noise due to its location. The main thing that has irritated me about this hotel is the lack of concern from them over complaints made by customers. I have spoken with my colleagues who have stayed at this hotel and they have all had problems here too which haven't been resolved. I won't be booking to stay here again.	
Jul 5 2009 	Good value for great location	Perfect location for London's West End theatres, Covent Garden, Oxford Street and very close to The British Museum.Very friendly, helpful staff. Rooms may be in need of a slight update but they work well with what they've got and for such a great location you can sacrifice a little on the style. Very comfortable beds!As with most hotels of this standard the food and drik is terribly overpriced but with Covent Garden on your doorstep there's no shortage of places to eat and drink more reasonably.Overall very good hotel.	
Jul 3 2009 	Great Location; Needs update	The good things:- Location, location, location. It is a block from the British Museum, 5 minutes from Seven Dials, only slighter longer to Covent Garden, around the corner from Oxford Street and within walking distance of the major West End theaters. Tottenham Court Subway is about 2 blocks away. There are a lot of places to eat within walking distance.- Free wireless in the room. A big plus for a business traveler. There were NO connection problems at all, which was great. - Air conditioning in the rooms – controlled by YOU. Which probably wouldn’t have been a big deal except I was there during the beginning of the London heatwave and it was greatly appreciated. The bad things:- The elevators - - the section of the hotel I was in, they sent me to an elevator just off the lobby toward the conference rooms. If you tried to use that during the day (up was particularly important for me because of the fact that I was on the top floor), the wait could be as long as 15 minutes. The housekeeping staff used these elevators despite the fact I was told they were not the freight elevators. The other elevator in the lobby didn’t seem a whole lot faster.- In need of a refresh in the part of the hotel I was in. There were old, worn, not terribly clean looking carpets in the hallway. The room had things like the light fixture in the bathroom was falling out of the ceiling. I couldn’t see the rooms in the other part of the hotel but at least the hallways had nice wood floors and not icky old carpet.- The Noise - - no not from outside, at least in the room I was in (7th floor granted) - - but from inside. If you happen to want to sleep in, and by sleep in, I mean to 7:30am, you will likely be woken – at least where I was in the hotel by the banging and crashing of the cleaning staff starting to clean rooms and generally get going.- The air-conditioning did not extend to other parts of the hotel – the bathroom in the lobby was stifling.The “Depends” Items:- The rooms: Based on some of the things I’d read on this website I was concerned about the size of the room. Apparently the ‘single’ standard must be the very small one. The Double Standard room I got – with one double bed – was fine for one person. I think if two people were trying to use it, it would have gotten cramped. But there was a desk, a small table and chair, a small TV, a closet, an adequate sized bathroom that had a normal shower and at least enough room to walk around the bed. (Some hotels I’ve been in in Europe that is not true). I got a discounted rate thru my company and felt that it was perfectly fine for what I paid. Had I been paying closer to rack rates, I perhaps would not have felt that way.Overall – would I stay there again? Maybe with the right rate and a room in the part of the hotel that looked updated and wasn’t on the early morning housekeeping route	
Jun 24 2009 	great business hotel with a friendly heart	I've been staying in London for business for over 4 years now and have not found as great, friendly and personal service as I have experienced at the Kenilworth. Fabulously efficient and friendly staff who seem to remember you (even if they don't really) and just go 'out of their way' to make your stay pleasant. I've seen other reviews of the Kemilworth that complain about the size of rooms but I've always had a great room with a huge bed. On one occasion when I was disturbed by the sound of the air conditining, they moved me to another up-graded room straight away. This is always my first choice of hotel when coming to London and I get very disappointed when it is full and I have to go elsewhere.	
Jun 20 2009 	Perfect	After having stayed at various Radisson Edwardian Hotels in London over the past two years, approx. every 2 months for long weekends. I have pleasure in saying that the hotels are extremely comfortable, staff couldnt be more friendly and they are always so helpful. Rooms are clean and comfortable and food is also excellent. Very professional in all aspects. My favourite hotel chain up to now.	
Jun 20 2009 	Great example of customer service	I stay in different hotels all year around for business or leisure and I must say that this hotel stood out by the friendliness off their staff, who made me feel very welcoming and my stay an unforgetable one. I had a wonderful time and nothing to complain about or adjust, thanks again.	
Jun 19 2009 	Good quality great service	I have stayed in the Kenilworth many times in recent years - the frequency only rivalled by my use of its nearby sister hotel, the Bloomsbury Street (formerly Marlborough). Without fail, I have found all staff to be welcoming and eager to help - and it is amazing what a smile and caring tone of voice can do to help you unwind after a stressful working day. It is also nice to be recognised on returning to the hotel although I must stress that no &quot;first timer&quot; could accuse staff of preferential treatment being meted out to regulars.The rooms are good (even the smallest single rooms are better than the broom cupboards often found elswhere!) and the facilities welcoming.The location is within easy reach of many areas of interest while the tube can be accessed in a couple of minutes via Tottenham Court Road, so the hotel caters equally for the demands of business people needing to get to their offices and tourists anxious to sample the delights of London.	
Jun 17 2009 	Good Hotel	Selected this hotel as part of a week-end theatre break to celebrate our 30th Wedding Anniversary as the hotel was only a 10 minute walk from Covent Garden.Prior to our arrival at the hotel I was concerned with some of the comments that persons had made with referenece to this hotel but I have to say I did not experience any bad points.On our arrival we were made to feel very welcome but everyone of the reception staff and they wasted no time in promptly processing our booking and give us our room keys and directions to the room.Our room was No.216, which was a corner room which overlooked the crossroads, the only complaint is that the windows were not the best at noise restrictions from the road below but the views were good.The room was of a good size with a king size double bed, the room was fitted out with TV (on the small side), room bar, fridge, coffee and tea making facilities, hair dryer, iron, ironing board, internet connection, dual electrical, small table and chairs in fairness just about everything you needed.We had no complaints with the bathroom which was again roomy, supplied with the all the normal toiletries and was in good condition.We didn't eat in the hotel in the evening, we did however have a first class breakfast the following morning. The breakfast is buffet style and had everything from fresh fruit and cold meats through to the full english.We could not fault the staff who were a pleasure to deal with and would take time out to talk / provide assistance as and when required.As far as we were concerned the hotel was good value and we shall be using it / recommending to friends in the future.	
Jun 8 2009 	Home from home	I have worked in London off and on for the past 5 years. Having stayed at some dreadful hotels I was delighted to be placed at the Kenilworth a couple of years ago and have requested that hotel for my stays ever since. The hotel is comfortable, centrally located in a very safe area and the staff are obliging and dedicated to excellent customer service.	
Jun 8 2009	Small room people on buses could easily see inunable to bath/shower	My sister booked this weekend in London as a special treat for my 60th birthday. She was very disappointed with the size of our room. It was slightly larger than a single room. There was no cabinet to put even a pair of glasses on, just a small rack in between the two single beds which was just big enough for the phone. The bath was the smallest bath we'd ever seen (3' long) and the only way we would have been able to wash in it was to stand up and and use the shower head (which was a hand held one) up and down our body, only there was no curtain or screen to stop any water going on the floor. We asked to be moved when we arrived but were told the hotel was full. My sister had a wash down at the sink before going out and she came out of the bathroom in her bra and pants just as a double decker bus stopped outside our window The upper deck was level with our window and as there were no nets a deck full of people could easily see in! When we came back from the theatre (Sister Act - absolutely brilliant!) there was a function underneath our room. At half past midnight I phoned reception to ask how much longer it was going on for as it was so loud it felt as though the party was actually in our room and was told it would finish at 1 am. It didn't. In the morning I complained on behalf of my sister because I felt so sorry for her. I said it was the first time I'd stayed in a hotel and not been able to have a bath or shower. I took a photo of my sister (fully clothed)! to demonstrate the small size of the bath. I was told some of the rooms did have those small baths and if we'd complained when we arrived (which we did) an alternative room might have been found for us. They had asked the party to turn the volume down and it had finished about 1.45 am! My sister booked a 4 star hotel because she wanted everything special for me. I was told a manager would e-mail her. All she got was a questionnaire - which she has filled in.	
Jun 6 2009 	Helpful staff fantastic location	This is an excellent hotel with very helpful staff. A fine Edwardian building on the outside, tastefully modernized inside. It is situated just a few steps away from the British Museum. I stay for business reasons and find it is one of the few hotels in the area that offers complimentary wi-fi.	
Jun 6 2009 	So small and couldn't move	We stayed at this hotel for location and rating for 2 special nights in London. When we arrived we were offered an upgrade for more money but as the room we had booked was quite expensive we declined. Once in our room we were very dissapointed with the size of the bed and the size of the room. The bed was so small we had to hold on to the side as not to fall out and the room was so stuffy and hot we could not wait to go outside.We asked for our heating to be turned down but it was not. The housekeeping stafff was knocking on our door at 9.00 am in the morning to clean and we felt we had to get out quick so they could clean our room. We thought a continental breakfast was part of the price but that was an extra 17 pounds each.As we were overseas visitors and only had 3 days in London we felt this experience spoilt our trip to London and would not recommend this hotel unless you are a businessman.	
Jun 5 2009 	good hotel as long as they dont give your room away before you arrive!!!	really nice hotel, bar staff and hotel concierge really friendly. main problem was that when we arrived at 7pm we found that the two rooms that we had pre paid for had been given to other people and we were ofered much inferior rooms instead. it then took over an hour of being firm and not giving in for the manager to all of a sudden be able to find us our rooms. this is not what you need after a 5 hour car journey and hardly the treatment you expect from a radisson hotel especially at the price.	
Jun 5 2009 	Great location and friendly helpful staff	Located next door to the British Museum, this hotel is in great location and has plenty of cafes, bars and restaurants within minutes. It is located in a quiet street and the building has lots of chararcter. The staff were both friendly and helpful. Bedrooms good size for London and were well maintained and equiped. Hotel has nice bar/restaurant with nice relaxed atmosphere	
Jun 3 2009 	Great room and location friendly helpful staff good food	Unusually friendly and helpful staff for a London hotel. Also good to have a decent sized room with bath. Room service arrived quickly and was excellent.Brilliant location for theatres and sightseeingAll in all a refreshing change from many mid priced London hotels.	
May 27 2009 	Great staff and excellent location	The room was very clean and much larger than we expected. The staff was professional, friendly and very helpful. The hotel was a great starting point for our walking tours of the city. And we were able to walk to the hotel easily from Victoria station. The only drawback to the hotel was that the room was very warm, and we could not easily adjust the thermostat to cool it, but we could open the window.	
May 26 2009 	Dorm-like	This is one of the few hotels in which one can stay with UK government rates; however, I've never seen a smaller, more dorm-like hotel room. The desk was so small that it didn't fit a laptop and the phone both; all computer work had to be done in bed. With one step one was in the bathroom and with two steps out the door. One bonus is that it is near the YMCA which has a lovely pool and work-out facilities; while not affiliated with the hotel, the Y will let in the public for about £15.00. The hotel does have wireless, and young, nice staff.	
May 26 2009 	Excellent location and knowledgeable staff	The Radisson Edwardian Kenilworth was a pleasure to stay at during my recent visit to London. The staff were all first rate, pleasant, welcoming, and knowledgeable. The concierge staff, in particular, were extremely helpful. The room was comfortable, quiet, and relaxing. Electrical outlets were available in both 220v and 110V with U.S. and U.K. socket styles. Free and fast wi-fi was easy to log onto. The location is extremely convenient if you wish to visit the British Museum, basically a 2-3 minute walk across the street. British LIbrary in short walking distance. Frankly, I found my purchase of a 3 day tube/bus Travel Card a wast of money as I could easily walk to the National Gallery, Churchill Museum, St. Martin in Fields, Parliament Square within 30-40 minutes, but Tottenham Court Road tube stop is 5-10 minutes away. Wide variety of restaurants in walking distance to the hotel as well as grocery stores. I will definitely stay at this hotel on my next visit to London.	
May 26 2009 	Best Hotel in London	I have stayed in numerous London hotels both on business and pleasure. In order to stay centrally you usually have to sacrifice quality to get a hotel in a reasonable price range. Prior to my trip to the Radisson Kennilworth I tended to stay in the Strand Palace while I was in London for pleasure which is in a excellent location but a little shaby and dated. This hotel is of a similar price but is is a nicer location and by no means shaby or dated. The rooms were small but functional and had everything you could ask for. The breakfasts were amazing, as were the staff, who made us feel at home in no time. The location is ideal for a holiday in London, with the British Museum less than a block away. There are multiple theatres on the door step and a wide choice of lovely cafes and resturants close by too. It is a 5/10 minute walk to Covent Garden or Oxford Street yet in a lovely quiet neighbourhood. All in all the best hotel I have stayed in London	
May 25 2009 	Convenient location	I stayed for one night and was impressed by the location in Bloomsbury - just around the corner from the British Museum, theatres and the tube. Only disappointment was that rates quoted were net of VAT which wasn't apparent until I checked out and that my room was small. I didn't eat in as there were plenty of cafes &amp; restaurants in the vacinity.	
May 19 2009 	A no brainer if you'd like a good hotel near Soho	We stayed in another hotel for 5 days, visited two places in Europe (on vacation), and then came back to stay at this hotel for one night before returning home. Our first hotel was fine, but it seemed a bit &quot;nitpicky&quot; in that they charged for every little amenity. (It was on Strand)However, the Radissonal Edwardian Kenilworth was cheaper, nearer to our hangout spots in and around Soho, had free internet downstairs, modern rooms (heated towel racks, nice interiors, international electrical outlets, etc), and a gym. Our room was small (which was to be expected in London), but quite comfortable). The staff was also very helpful (Orbitz failed to send our reservation to them). When we return to London, we'll be looking to stay here again.	
May 18 2009 	Great location standard room a bit small	Very close to everything!Our friends were staying in a superior room, which was better size.	
May 17 2009 	Excellent service and location yet outdated rooms.	I've stayed at the Kenilworth Radisson on multiple occasions during 2008, I have been very pleased with the location of the hotel and the service I have received. Yet I find the furnishing of the rooms too outdated (very 60's IMO), if you are into classic or even a bit nostalgic interiors then this is the place for you. Also the rooms vary drastically in sizes, I've stayed in a room not much bigger than a shoebox and also in a room in which you could hold small concerts,hosting live bands. All-in-all a good place to stay.	
May 15 2009 	Four star quality at good price	Taking advantage of advance booking rate found service good, staff attitude excellent and bar prices reasonable. Well placed for business (very central) and pleasure being close to British Museum, Chinatown, theatres etc.They are a 'listening' hotel and value and act on feedback. For example earlier ths year I suggested they do a Set Menu in the restaurant. Next week I am trying it out! Report to follow.	
May 15 2009 	A wonderful blend of understated elegance and service	My partner and I recently stayed here, he was on business I was along for a vacation. We both found this hotel to be an excellent location, close to the tube, British Museum, Oxford Street shopping, yet on a quiet street ... a perfect combination. Like I said the service was understated, there was always some available to help us, or answer questions, and they were always courteous. We received a follow-up call when we arrived in our room to ensure we were satisfied. The room was always attended to. We are definitely putting this hotel on our favourties list, you should too!	
May 12 2009 	Dingy little room - good location	Room was tiny - very worn furnishings especially carpet - and quite dark. Not cheap - rate quoted suddenly became net of VAT when checking out.	
May 3 2009 	Convenient Comfortable Clean and Contemporary	As a business person who regularly travels to London for business, I appreciate the Kenilworth for both it's proximity to the Tube (Northern and Central Lines), restaurants, and shopping. If I were a tourist I'd be delighted that the British Museum is literally around the corner, Covent Garden and the Theater District are just a short walk away.As for the Kenilworth, the facility is very comfortable and the staff absolutely outstanding. They really care. The visit before last I accidently left something behind and with a quick call, the staff had it in the overnight mail. This last trip I finished breakfast and went to sit in an overstuffed chair while I waited for a colleague. In a flash the maitre de sent another cup of coffee over to keep me company as I used the free internet access to catch up on work.If you can, get breakfast included in your room rate for a relaxing morning but worry not, there are plenty of options, again within comfortable walking distance.	
May 1 2009 	Worst room I have ever stayed in	I stayed for one night on a business trip and I was very glad to leave!The hotel itself is fine, in a central location and breakfast was good. However, the hotel was full and, despite paying full price, I was put in the smallest room I have ever seen. The single bed touched wall-to-wall and there was a 1970s-type portable TV on a suspended shelf jutting over the bed (as well as a leaflet rack at the other end to bang your head on). The TV was stuck on BBC1 with the volume down low and they didn't have another to replace it with. The telephone didn't work and neither did the hairdryer. My room service pizza arrived in a takeaway box.I have to say that despite all this, the room was clean and reasonably decorated. The bathroom was fine.My colleague was in the same room on a different floor and her room was exactly the same. So, if you do stay here, make sure you don't stay in any rooms ending in number 23!	
Apr 29 2009 	Good West End Location	This was an average hotel...room was fine, bathroom was small but still has full shower. Everything was clean. There is wireless internet (the signal was not very good) and also a computer for guests to use. The hotel is within easy walking distance to the West End theatres, bars, etc. Also close to Tube &amp; bus stops. We also walked to Piccadily Circus...a longer walk but still reasonable. We would stay here again if the price was right.	
Apr 28 2009 	A pretty good deal for a great location	I basically hate London hotels. They are almost universally overpriced and always just a little shabby, considering how much you're paying. The Radisson Kenilworth had the usual London shabbiness but it's still a good deal - I paid £100 for night, including breakfast, which is a great deal considering you're on the edge of Soho, close to a lot of other sites. The room was small but quiet. A stain on the carpet but the air conditioning worked well. Free high-speed internet, which was a plus. The reception desk was very friendly, but the concierge was pretty sarcastic with a number of guests. But since I didn't have to deal with him ... I could live with it.	
Apr 24 2009 	Very pleasant hotel with friendly and helpful staff	I regularly stay in London on business at least 4 times a month and on the last tweo occasions I have stayed at the Kenilworth. The receptionists are polite and helpful as are all staff that you meet. My room was cool, clean and tidy. The location was handy for bus routes as I went to Kennington and Haringey and prefer the buses to the tube.	
Apr 22 2009 	OUR ENJOYABLE STAY IN LONDON	My wife and I spent 5 days at the Radisson Edwardian Kenilworth and found it very enjoyable. We knew that the check in time was listed for the afternoon and we would be arriving in the morning. The staff on the front desk made every effort to get us checked in as soon as possible. After our first night we asked if they could move us to a larger room and again they accommodated us without hesitation. The hotel was spotless and met all of our expectations. We took advantage of the buffet style breakfast every morning and were never disappointed. We also enjoyed the fact that is was so centrally located for what we wanted to do, the British Museum is just a 5 minute walk and in the other direction we had Covent Garden and Oxford Street. While in London we met up with old friends and family who live in the greater London area. They all commented favourably on the Radisson Kenilworth's location, which confirmed our choosing this hotel.If you are planning a trip to the UK, you need to give the Radisson Edwardian hotels some serious thought, I don't think you will be disappointed.	
Apr 20 2009 	Excellent experience and good value for money	I was a bit dubious after reading the reviews here. I was pleasantly surprised. The room was 319, it was bigger than expected, I have been in much much smaller where I have had to climb over the bed as there was no room on the wall side. This was fine, there was a fantastic shower and the bed and pillows were excellent. I think some people must have much highter expectations than me!!! The public areas downstairs were lovely. We are early risers so had no trouble with food running out and/or cold food. The variety was fantastic, but why are some people always so slow dawdling over the buffet, I can never understand it when others are waiting behind them. I had to push in front of them as I didnt want the copius amounts they obviously were used to by the size of them!! That's bye the bye though. I would definately return to this hotel. The location was fantastic, we walked everywhere for miles as the weather was lovely. I will definately be returning to this hotel. Thank you to the staff they were fab.	
Apr 20 2009 	Friendly and polite	I stayed at this hotel shortly after a minor op on my foot. The staff were great; they saw that I was heavily bandaged and I was shown to a chair so that registration was done while i was seated. Without asking for preferential treatment, i was given a room very close to a lift, with a couch and coffee table so that I could elevate my foot. I enjoyed my time at the hotel; the food was good and the staff were friendly and polite.Complementary wireless internet was a bonus. There was a bank of useful electrical sockets for my phone charger, etc; no need to fumble about and disconnect anything.	
Apr 16 2009 	Great location hotel is basic enough for a 4 star.	Our room was a delux suite which left a lot to be desired. However it was a good rate for its location. Staff were pleasant. The bar is very quiet at night and not cheap compared to pubs in nearby Soho. It's a pity the way pubs in London all close at 11pm even at weekends leaving you with no option but to find a loud &quot;music bar&quot; or else return to your hotel and pay the higher prices for a pint.	
Apr 9 2009 	Great all round hotel	The hotel has an excellent location only a few minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road Tube Station and Leicester Square. The reception area is nice and check in was very quick although it's a bit small with only one or two sofas for people waiting.The lift up to the room took quite a while (on every occasion while I was there) and is quite small meaning you sometimes have to wait twice to use it.The room itself was slightly larger than most London centre hotels. The bedroom has a large double bed, table and two chairs and a large desk with plenty of power sockets, ideal for laptops phones etc for the business user. The room also had a mini bar, kettle, safe and an ironing board with a proper steam iron which is unusual. There is a small TV with all the usual channels.The bathroom was quite nice with toiletries from Gilchrist, a full bath with shower over and heated towel rail.Breakfast the next morning was very good buffet for £17 which is average really in terms of cost. Check out was very slow, not because of a big queue just because the reception staff were all doing &quot;computer updates&quot; and only one was dealing with customers. They also added a small 50p charge to my bill for charity without asking me. I would have probably donated if they had asked but didn;t think it was appropriate to just add it without telling me.Overall a good business hotel that I would probably stay at on a tourist visit too	
Apr 2 2009 	very good hotel in central location for tourism	This hotel exceeded our expectations, especially for the price we paid. Granted, we did go in off-peak season, but nonetheless, a great experience. The Kenilworth staff was always very courteous, helpful, and accommodating. There is a small computer room with internet-enabled desktops and printers, which was very convenient. The location is excellent for tourism because transportation is easy and it is located in the middle of London. It's not right next to most major tourist attractions (except the British Museum and a couple theaters), but it is centrally located for everything, which is why we booked it. There are bus stops right outside the hotel, and two tube stations within 5-7 minute walking distance.The room (standard double) was very small, but that was pretty much our only real criticism. If you are looking for a room to hang out in and spend a lot of time, this is probably not the best. There is very little living space beyond the bed and bathroom, and the TV only had 5 channels. But aside from that, the room earned its 4-star rating (especially by European standards). The decor was modern with hints of tradition. Everything was very clean, the bed linens were fairly high quality, and the bathroom was modern and functional. We also had a great view of the British Museum from the 6th floor (7 floors in total).All in all, this hotel was great for a week-long tourist visit to London. We were very comfortable the whole time, and always pleased to end our busy days at the Kenilworth. Unless the size of the room is very important to you, I would strongly recommend this hotel.	
Mar 30 2009 	great location very close to theatres and tube station	just returned from this hotel great location very close to tottenham court road tube station 5mins to oxford street , went to see hairspray the theatre is 4mins walk, and drury lane about the same. hotel very clean lovely linen and towels staff very helpful good breakfast just one small downside but location made up for this the bedroom was tiny and bath only half size but apart from this everything else was very good and i will return.	
Mar 24 2009 	Great service great location!	On the first leg of a trip to Egypt, we stayed over in this lovely small hotel a block from the British Museum so we could spend some time seeing the Egyptian exhibits before seeing the sights in Egypt. Aside from a great location (a block from the museum) we had great service from the concierge, Colm, who was a friendly, patient helper who got us theatre tickets, made a great choice for us on a restaurant and made the reservations and generally made our trip a pleasure! Thank you, Colm!Rooms were lovely, with a comfortable bed, a quiet atmosphere and a great bath. The Laidlers	
Mar 20 2009 	Very good hotel in great location	This hotel is in a fantastic location for visiting the British Museum, Royal Opera, Covent Garden, National Gallery etcHotel staff were couteous and helpful, in particular concierge staff. My single room was clean and comfotable with nice bathroom. There was a good selection of dishes for breakfast and I was able to order my usual porridge.	
Mar 10 2009 	location location location	I booked this hotel for 2 nights for a short break in London. Very near British Museum and easy walk to Leicester Square &amp; Covent Garden or Oxford Street. As I do not like the Underground I could walk to most places from this area.I called ahead to say we would be arriving early morning as we were travelling on the overnight sleeper train and asked if I could leave my cases until check in at 2pm. On arrival around 8:30am the concierge suggested that I check in and I was surprised and delighted to be offered a room straight away.The room had very nice furnishings with everything provided that you could want for a couple of nights. The bed was also one of the most comfortable hotel beds I have slept in.We had booked for room only and felt that the breakfast cost was too high however there was a very good cafe near at hand called Silvas that did a great value full english breakfast. I noticed that the restaurant had a special offer of 2 courses for £15 for dinner however we were too busy to find the time to dine there.When we checked out the concierge kindly held on to our cases until late evening when we were travelling and sold us vouchers for the Original Bus tour that included a river trip. All in all I was delighted with this hotel and the friendly staff.	
Mar 10 2009 	excellent locations	for those who this hotel on their companies list of preferred hotels.. excellent location as next to british museum, oxford street and soho.. (not sure if it is value for money as paying company discounted price..)	
Mar 9 2009 	Pleasant stay - excellent location	I stayed at the Radisson Kenilworth for three nights for a valentines weekend break with my partner. We were lucky enough to be allocated room 216, which was a corner room, beautifully bright with lots of windows and a nice view of the street below.The best thing about the hotel was its location, on Great Russell Street, minutes from Tottenham Court Road tube station and within easy walking distance of soho and covent garden. The area immediately surrounding the hotel is pleasant and The British Museum is less than five minutes walk away.The room would have been beautiful had it not been a little shabby in places. It was spacious, the bathroom had a speaker for the radio/tv and the bed was large and comfortable. The room was very cold and there was no heater, although it was a very cold weekend, in the warmer months this wouldn't be a problem and there was an air conditioning unit.One negative - the breakfast! We booked a room only stay but on one morning requested breakfast via room service. At £17.50 per person we expected it to be something special, but in the end wished we hadn't bothered!!All in all a pleasant stay, I would stay here again but I think for the money I would like to give somewhere else a try, I am sure there is better available!!	
Mar 8 2009 	All staff very dedicated to provide excellent service.	This Hotel is very conveniently located in the centre of London, a brief walk from the Eastern part of Oxford Road. The hotel staff is very welcoming and dedicated to provide excellent service, be it at check-in, in case of maintenance needs, or in the restaurant. I had a single room which was small but good for its purpose and good value.	
Mar 2 2009 	Looks good but not quite so good	I have just returned from this hotel and felt that I had to write a review. There were 4 of us staying at the hotel over the weekend. My sister and I arrived on the Friday and my niece and daughter-in-law arrived on the Saturday.The hotel on first impression was good. First class check in, straight to our room to check it out- ok but nothing special. We had booked this hotel through Superbreaks and expected a really good class 4 star hotel. The room was small but adequate for our use. We were four women down for a weekend to see a show and enjoy being away for the family. On the Saturday when the others arrived we checked there room. It was about the same size as ours but it did not have a full bath it was as my niece said a half bath. The shower over the bath could not hang up no where to put it, when you had a shower you had to hold the cable, have you ever tired to have a shower this way!When my sister and I left our room on the Saturday morning we left a note for the chambermaid asking for extra milk as 4 was not enough. Did we get extra NO.Breakfast the first monring was a farce. We got down at 9.30 and the restaurant was full. No tables available could we take a seat and wait and they would call us when a table was available. 20 minutes later after watching people getting tables who had arrived after us I asked when ours would be ready? The lady asked our room number it was not on her list! She wrote it down and said we would be next. A short time later she came and asked us our room number again!!!!! upon this my sister said you have taken it down twice is there a table available. We got one!!!! Breakfast finised at 10.00 a.m. it was now 10.10 a.m. Hot food was cool. No beacon had to ask for more, very few beans which were cool. they actually took the fruit juice off so only got one glass. I must admit I had a lovely omlette cooked fresh(thanks for that).On the evening after our show back to the hotel for a drink. No a chance. Bar full and as the bar is on the side of the restaurant the tables were set for the morning breakfast so straing to bed. At the side of the lift was a polite notice telling people that as the hotel was very busy could people please go for breakfast before 9.00a.m.to avoid having to wait. It was a Sunday morning and we were away for a break. We may as well have stayed at home and made breakfast for the family. We woke early enough to get down before people had to wait for table again.Im sorry to say that I was dissapointed with the hotel. It looks great, its clean and most of the staff very helpfull but the service in the restaurant leaves a lot to be desired.When I arrived home I remembered I had left my house and car keys in a draw in the room I rang the hotel just after 8.00a.m. and have had a call back just before 10.00a.m. to say they have the keys and are sending them free of charge, so thank you for the good service there.Would I recommend this hotel - not as a 4 star. Be prepared to wait for breakfast and hope you get a full size bath with a shower that works!!!!!	
Feb 28 2009 	Excellent	Our three night stay in the hotel was excellent.Breakfast was delicious The staff are friendly and very help full. The location for the theatres and the sights is perfect .Would stay again.	
Feb 25 2009 	The location was excellent and the price good although the room was quite small.	The rooms were clean, and the staff wonderful. There was this special dinner offer for the hotel guests, which is great for the value. Try and make use of it.	
Feb 22 2009 	Dont stay here!	Booked a double room via work got a single box room. then changed it had to complain and went to another single room that was slightly bigger. Manager did not offer a free drink or anything for my inconvenience. Also the room wasnt that big and for the bathroom (shower then no bath). well my cuboard is bigger in my bathroom. Also when i went down to chase the manager because it took her a hour for another single room someone arrived at 4 o clock 2 hours after the arrival time and their room wasnt ready and they had to wait half hour and they didnt get offered anything free. I would not call this a 4 star hotel. on the up side it is a very convenient place to be for london and the staff there on reception were friendly. and the bar and entrance area was posh but that was the only posh thing about the hotel.	
Feb 21 2009 	4 star? NO WAY	If location is worth £120 to you then go for it, otherwise forget it.This hotel is NOT a 4 star, I guess they rely on the massive number of tourists coming to London to keep the business going as repeat visitors are fairly unlikely. I feel like they have stolen my money!!Bedroom was cold, window fell out of housing onto my foot, bathroom had been cleaned by a 4 year old, toilet had orange stains around the bottom and dont get me started on the breakfast, I felt like putting an apron on to give them a hand!! I shalln't waste any more of my life explanining why this place is not worth the moneyMy advice is book a travel lodge for £50 and spend the other £70 having a great meal	
Feb 19 2009 	Absolutely fabulous - great location great service very friendly	My husband and I booked 1 night bed and breakfast for 13 February, in a double room.Check in is 2.00 p.m., however on arrival at 11.00 a.m. we were offered a room on a low level which was available for us immediately. We were given the key to check the room was to our satisfaction (it was), however on returning to reception we were given a free room upgrade to a king size de-luxe room - how wonderful it was too.The breakfast in the hotel was marvellous - something for everyone and plenty of it.The staff were all so friendly, polite and courteous.The location of the hotel is great, only a few minutes walk from Oxford Street and easy access to the West End.We will defintiely use this hotel again and will recommend to all our firends. Thank you to all at the Radison.	
Feb 6 2009 	Perfect location	The location was absolutely ideal (situated right next to the British museum), and walking distance from the west end and oxford street, with great tube links right by. Reception was beautifully decorated and service was friendly and efficient while checking in and out. Concierge was lovely and really helpful in advising us as where to eat before the theater. Room was adequate, but way below what I would expect from a 4* London hotel. The room was small and very basically decorated, though clean and comfortable, nothing to complain over, though I was not paying for the stay myself, but if i had i would have felt quite disappointed, having stayed in nicer 3* hotels on previous trips to London.	
Jan 19 2009 	nice hotel at great location	located 1 minute walk to Tottenham court underground station. a lot of bars and restaurants in the surrounding. walking distance to theaters, covent garden, british museum, oxford street. standard rooms are tiny and bed is not suitable for 2 adults, but the kingsize rooms are comfort. we have ordered the standard, and after 1 night asked for upgrade to kingsize. this upgrade was given free of charge, after a discussion with the duty manager. check in and check out were quick. elevator is operated only with the room key (security). bathroom is comfort and towels are high quality. we used the complementary wi-fi, and the tea making set. also received morning newspaper (as corporate travellers). the hotel is very clean and looks very nice from inside and outside.	
Jan 12 2009 	A brief trip	Recently stayed on a business trip. The hotel is well positioned just off Tottenham court road and has a smart reception and bar area. The rooms are quite small and the bathroom was even more cramped, however there is a proper shower unit which is very powerful and hot so no complaints here! Another thing about the bathroom is that there was occasionally a load vibrating noise from the pipes or something every so often.The room service was good, however the staff on the phone were not versed in saying thankyou just a blunt ‘bye’ whenever I called them, however apart from this no problems.Beware when you check out, the hotel stuck an extra ‘service’ bill for room service of £2.50 a shot even though I’d already paid a tray charge. This is optional however I wasn’t appreciative of this extra ‘charge’ that was snuck onto the bill. Also they don’t give a separate receipt for a credit card payment, I asked about this and it was combined into the main invoice, which I’ve never come across elsewhere.However, what I did get was a good nights sleep, the beds are very comfy.	
Jan 7 2009 	New Year In London	I have not been to the Kenilworth for several years and was looking forward to returning. The decor is fantastic and the check-in staff were excellent. The room was pretty spacious and fairly clean. It is in a fantastic position only a few minutes walk from Oxford Street, Tottenham Court Road and Charing Cross Road. The room was very comfortable and special mention for the breakfasts which were delicious and the breakfast room staff were second to none. One minor niggle is the housekeeping staff who don't take any notice of the Do Not Disturb sign. I had one come into my room at 9.30..which I suppose is reasonable,,and one at 8.30am who proceeded to root through the mini-bar and take no notice of the fact I was trying to sleep. It is a minor thing and the overall experience at the Kenilworth was as good as ever but perhaps the housekeeping staff just need a little more consideration. I would certainly stay again..but just make sure I don't lie-in.	
Jan 2 2009 	Not 4 star	The location of this hotel was fantastic for sight seeing but not 4 star standard. Reception and restaurant areas were lovley however our room was poor standard. Bathroom was dirty, room was cold and housekeeping did not remove dirty cups or re-stock tea/coffee making facilities. Ideal location for tourists but only if get good deal for room wouldn't pay full rate.	
Jan 2 2009 	More like a travellodge than a 4* hotel!	Me and my partner went down to London between Christmas and New Year and stayed at the Kenilworth.When we entered the hotel it looked very nice, lovely reception area. Checked in no problems, we were given a room on the 7th floor. We waited for the lift which took about 10 minutes to come and there is only 1!! We got in the lift and it seemed to take for ever which explains why it takes so long to get to the floor you’re on. We got in the room and it was clean but very old and tired looking. My partner also noticed the windows were filthy and you could barely see out of them, which was a bit off putting. We then popped out to get some lunch and bought it back to the hotel. While we were eating the door opened and my partner went to the door thinking it was the maid but it wasn't it was 2 people who had been given the room at check in. They were very annoyed and so were we. The man from reception came up and asked to see our keycard as if we had broken into the room. He said we were not on the system and asked what time we had checked in and who checked us in. He then said sorry and said he will put us in the computer. If we hadn't been in the room i would dread to think what would have happened they may have thought we had not checked out and left our stuff and cleared it out or anything. We didn't really get a proper apology. We then went back out and came back about 6 and got to the 7th floor to then find the keycard was deactivated, so we had to wait again 10 minutes for the lift and sort that out and again no apology.We were going out for the evening so I went and had a shower and was a bit put off by the windows, the building is old fashioned and the windows are old also. The window is in 2 parts the bottom bit is frosted but the top bit isn't and there are buildings opposite and to the side which are higher than the hotel so they can see straight into the bathroom. I still had a shower but I was very aware of the window so was as quick as possible.When we got back from our evening out we could here a noise in the bathroom it sounded like when you have flushed the chain but it went on constantly, it dulled it out if the bathroom door was shut.In the morning we got up and I made some drinks and there wasn't any spoons to stir then drinks you got wooden sticks, this is like something you would get at a travellodge. If you stay in a 4* hotel you expect a spoon at least. I know it might sound petty moaning we didn't have spoons but with all the things this just topped it off!! As we were checking out I heard a gentleman at reception complaining that he opened the window and the glass fell out on him and he wasn't a happy man.I think the hotel just needs doing up and maybe replacing the windows. If it just had a few extra touches it would be a nice hotel.	
Dec 17 2008 	Disapointed	I stayed from 13 to 14 december 2008.Please don' t stay in the room 105. It's a dark room ( with a small window ) with a view on the roof of the hall.Bad room for a DELUXE ROOM !!!!!	
Dec 16 2008 	Excellent Breakfast 	Stayed one night at the Radisson Kenilworth, staff were friendly on arrival, allocated a double room with single occupancy - room (519) was not large but perfectly adequate for one night with ironing facilities, trouser press, hostess tray (no biscuits), TV &amp; Radio with limited channels. Sadly the bed was uncomfortable and felt lumpy and the pillows were truly terrible, one was too low and two too high. I also slept poorly due to the white noise of what sounded like water rushing through a pipe over my head and continual drone of the aircon on the roof - this hotel has no secondary or double glazing! The marble bathroom was fine, looking in need of a deep clean around the edges - fixed shower head, and fairly narrow bath. On a positive note the towels were super - larege and fluffy. Breakfast was a revalation and although pricey if not included was delicious and set me up for the day. Hotel is within a ten minute walk to Tottenham Court Road tube.	
Dec 13 2008 	youth hostel may be a better option	Arrived at the radisson kenilworth on 10th Dec 08 £250 for one night, got to the room to find the side of the bed on the floor, thats ok because they have strong glue!! moved to another room to freyed carpet, inch thick sealant around the bath the sofa bed was freyed and the matteress thin luckily it was a six year old sleeping in it, my recomendation is to go else where the plus to this is there is a great little southern indian restaraunt called the malabar junction a couple of doors down. would give 1 1/2 stars	
Nov 16 2008 	Avoid single rooms here	I booked a single room at this hotel for about GBP 90 per night, but they gave me an incredibly lousy room on the first floor: it was small and without a proper window. I asked for another room but they suggested moving to another hotel at my expenses. I would rate this hotel between 1 and 2 stars, no way can it be considered a 4 star hotel. The young lady at the reception gave me the room keys without smiling and afterwards I understood why she was rude. I am not sure I'll ever book a Radisson hotel anymore, next time I'll go Easyhotel.com	
Nov 11 2008 	A Chilly experience	I got a good rate through Lastminute.com/topsecret (&lt; £80 for a double room) and the room was OK - EXCEPT for the fact that it was very cold and I couldn't get the heating fixed. An engineer came but it made no difference. Slept with socks and a sweater on! Not what you expect from a **** hotel.	
Nov 2 2008 	Great location for the west end	Stayed here for one night in Oct 08 when I had some business in Central London. The hotel looks tired from the outside but is lovely on the inside. The best thing about this hotel is its location. It's right near the British Museum and a 2 min walk from Tottenham Court Rd Tube station. It's really close to all the theatres and trendy places in Covent Garden so you can have a great night out and just walk back to the hotel.As with most central london hotels there is no parking but there are several secure parking places nearby. We parked in the car park at Bloomsbury Square and it cost us £25 for 24hours. The room is a decent size for London however the bed is small. If you are over 5 foot 7 I'd probably think twice as your feet will stick over the edge. Overall a really nice place in a great location. Would recommend for all short people!	
Oct 27 2008 	Frustrating	Checked in and was given a filthy room. Changed without question, but it was then pretty annoying then to be given a room where the TV didn't work and three phone calls over 40 minutes to request someone to come and sort it out produced nothing.20 minutes after the problem was sorted when I was tucked up in bed, the manager came and knocked on the door. I'm afraid to say that I couldn't be bothered to get dressed to let him in.Nobody died, the world kept turning, but for the price I was paying, I think better service than this is not unreasonable.	
Oct 19 2008 	Avoid this hotel	After the gusshing greeting on arrival, the staff lost interest in any problems and it was downhill all the way.I paid £193.87 for a tiny room that looked out, through a grey net curtain onto a deeply depressing and rundown central area. (Breakfast was an extra £17.) There was a stain on the sheet which washing had not removed. The room was not cleaned the next day until I complained at 5 o'clock. The plumbing was OK, but just had a shower.If this had been a student hostel charging £70 a night including breakfast, it would have been just about acceptable, but at this price, it was apalling.	
Sep 19 2008	Somewhat disappointing due to wear and tear!	This place is just how everyone describes it. Somewhat stylish upon first look but thereafter aging and worn. The rooms truly are tiny and have seen better days. My room had a broken ventilation system meaning I was getting only warm air. A service guy came but after five minutes said his shift was over and he was going home. He said he'd turn it off simply and someone would came the next day......gee, thanks you imbicile. Further my shower was broken and didn't work properly. Finally the ironing board was broken as was the iron. Thank god I only stayed for two nights and only booked the hotel due to a rate from the conference I was attending right around the corner. The location isn't bad and is easiyl reachable so I guess this is a plus. There's also free wireless so that's another plus and the breakfast bar area is somewhat stylish. If you are just here to sleep and no more, it's bearable. Otherwise, much better deals and places to be had in London, even if you spend a bit more.	
Sep 14 2008 	Wonderfully small but elegant less a few amenities	The reservation was simple and easy and I booked the twin for my one night stay. I expected a small room and wasn't disappointed. I liked the room and after a little searching I found the hair dryer in the desk drawer. the 110V power doesn't work so thank goodness for battery power.The cut corners by using liquid soap in the loo and no lotions or shampoo... not a huge problem but for this class of hotel I would expect better.	
Sep 9 2008 	very happy with our 2nd stay	This was the second stay at this hotel. for 4 nights. Yes the rooms are very small, but clean, modern and everything you would need. Hopefully you wouldn't go to LOndon to spend alot of time in your room anyway.Housekeeping was most prompt each time a request was made, rooms were cleaned to good quality. Front desk staff very helpful, as was the concierge. Business centre was good, and with 4 internet computers there was never a wait. Breakfast was delicious, and a great selection. Location is fantastic.Overall very happy once more , and would def stay here again,....depending on rates ofcourse.	
Sep 4 2008 	Good location grotty hotel.	On arrival, the attractive reception area looked promising but how looks can deceive! We had to complain twice before accepting an agreeable room. Our first room was tiny and had a broken window that could not be closed. The second room was even smaller and even tho' my partner and I are rather petite there was not room in the bed for both of us! The third room was marginally bigger and did have a bath and a proper size double bed, but the window looked out the back of the hotel on to a flat roof littered with fag ends and empty beer cans.However we decided to stick with this as we thought we would probably not be in the room much. All three rooms were drab and dingy with yellowing paintwork and some peeling wallpaper.The biggest advantage of the place is its location to underground stops, theatres, the British Museum and other sights. The breakfast also deserves a mention as being substantial and varied although the standard of service was erratic.	
Sep 1 2008 	four foot bed!	On entering the Hotel everything is clean and well presented and the reception staff very polite. The lift to our room on the third floor is very small and it is a tight squeeze with four in it let alone the six it is meant to carry. Our room was probably the smallest double room we have ever stayed in. I know technically a four foot bed is classed as a double but it should not be in a hotel of this standard. I had approximately 12 inches between my side of the bed and the wall. The room and bathroom was clean and well presented although my wife could not take a bath because there was no plug! I had the same problem with the mini bar as another reviewer wrote, we put a small bottle of water in there to chill but it registered in reception that we had used the mini bar, when we checked out reception understood and did not charge. Overall the best thing this hotel has going for it is its location, handy for sightseeing and shopping, breakfast was a good standard and was included in the room rate, would I have paid £17 for it? no. On our next visit to London we would not stay here again.	
Aug 19 2008 	A Radisson musuem piece that's not worth the price of admission	Don't fall for the pics on the hotel site. The lobby area and bar are updated and somewhat stylish and the meeting room spaces look clean and recently renovated. But venture beyond the first floor to see how old and tired this museum piece really is. Rooms range in size from modest (perhaps even large by London standards) to laughably small (think of janitors closet with a bed). Avoid room 233 at all costs -- even the hotel staff commented that &quot;oh yes, that's really small&quot;. Carpeting and other decor is standard fare for the &quot;Edwardian&quot; chain in London -- worn out and tired carpeting in hallways and ancient room furnishings that look like they were installed sometime in the late 1960's. I had the unfortunate opportunity to stay in mid-August 2008 -- the weather was unseasonably cool for London with temps in the 16degC range. The rooms were poorly ventilated (windows are locked shut) and the a/c for the rooms barely moved air, never mind actually cooling the air. The hotel could not fix this since there's no on-site engineer and no other rooms were available (what a surprise!). I cannot imagine what the room would be like if the weather were a typical August with high humidity and temps in the 25+degC range.If you really need to stay close to the British Museum (5mins) and Soho (10-15mins) then look for rooms opening in the new Radisson across the street or look for screaming web deals on the Kenilworth and cross your fingers! Anyone brave enough to drive into London these days will have to manage the lack of parking at this hotel and hope to find secure parking in a reasonably close car park.	
Aug 12 2008 	Really bad for the price	We booked the hotel for a weekend in London and for the price expected a higher middle-class hotel. First we were rejected at the counter because the online reservation system did not get our reservation (although we had received the e-mail confirmation). We booked Deluxe rooms with kingsize beds, but the first room they showed us was so incredibly small, dark and filthy that we complained until we received a better room with a decent sized bed. The interior of the rooms look really old and used and was not at all what we expected. Breakfast was messy and we sometimes had to wait for 20-30 minutes to get a coffee (in addition the coffee machine for the decent coffee was broken, so that we only received some coloured water).In conclusion: ever again! For that price I expect more ...	
Jul 26 2008	Comfortable Stay	I have just returned from the hotel and found it to be a good place to stay.OK, the room was small, but it is only somewhere to sleep - you don't go to London to stay in your room? The bathroom was clean and tidy with a very efficient shower and the room was cleaned to a good standard.One word of caution though! be careful with the mini-bar!! It is electronic so if you move something, as we did to put some medicine and a jug of milk into the fridge, then it sends a signal to the foyer and a charge is added to your account. We explained to reception what we had done and the charges were removed, thankfully.The location is great with Covent Garden just a few minutes walk away and Westminster only a 20 minute walk too.Now for the BEST bit - the Breakfast. I have stayed in many hotels and this bettered most of them. The choice was excellent and cooked to perfection. The staff were helpful and efficient.All in all we enjoyed our stay and will certainly book again.	
Jul 25 2008 	Good hotel great location	I booked some kind of promotional room on the internet costing a little under £80, and I thought this was excellent value for the place, given going prices in London. Staff friendly, excellent free wireless connection in your room (think of the hotels that charge you), the room was a little small, but shower/bathroom modern and pleasant. A good hotel for that price in an excellent location, great for a few days in London.	
Jul 12 2008 	depends on the room	I' ve stayed here twice. once with family and the room was fine. The location is great and prices reasonable.The second time last week i was on my own in a tiny single room and it was smelly , claustrophobic and most unpleasant. So beware!	
Jun 30 2008 	Good Location	The Kenilworth is location in Great Russell st, 5 mins walk from Tottenham Court Road Tube station. The location is ideal with Covent garden, Leicester Square, Soho, Oxford st and the theatre district all within easy walking distance.The hotel itself is modern, clean with all the facilities you would expect in a modern hotel i.e bars restaurants, internet access, health facilities etc.The rooms seems quite small but are clean and well equipped.The only downside is the noise, we stayed on the 5th floor and still experienced quite a bit of traffic noise during the night.	
Jun 12 2008 	Great hotel but....	Ok so the hotel in general was really nice the room was a good size and so was the bathroom, i only had a few problems with the room, one being the beds are really hard and me having senitive skin the sheet made me come up in a rash, also it was very noisey, not coming from the rooms above but due to there being a flag pole stuck to the wall outside, that kept flapping and it kept me up all night!!Other than that i found the staff really helpfull and overal a great central hotel within easy reach of all the attractions that london offers.	
May 19 2008 	Comfortable stay at the Kenilworth	Stayed for one night on a short trip to London. Very handy for Tottenham Court Road and the underground. The hotel lobby is attractive and staff helpful. The room itself was clean and well furnished if a little small, the bed was comfortable and the room was quiet despite the main road outside. Would have given it 4 out of 5 if wasn't for the lack of hot water in the morning and the thin wall which meant we were woken at 3am by shouting in the corridor.	
May 5 2008 	Good Hotel	After reading previous reviews I was somewhat dubious about this hotel- my husband had booked an overnight stay here and a theatre night for my birthday.We were given room 705 a delux room and I must say I checked every thing out and the room was spotless.Fresh clean linen,bright white clean bath towels-all very good indeed.We had dinner in the restaurant and had been given 25% discount - choice of menu was good, service too very good.Breakfast was included in the price- lots of choice.I would recommend this hotel for a short break away.	
May 4 2008 	Great location and would stay there again	Great location in central London. Close to Tottenham Court tube station.Free wireless internet access. Doesn't offer bar soap only liquid soap.	
Apr 9 2008 	never again	my partner and i stayed 1 night so we could see a show near by.We arrived and were pleasantly suprised by the lobby and staff were polite however when we seen our room i was very shocked,it was tiny and i mean tiny,we had big bed which was 2 stuck together to make it look large,we had a big glass pillow in middle of the room so we were unable to see the tv when we sat on the bed the bathroom sink had hairs in it from previous occupant.the dispenser of soap was empty and we paid £250 for one night.i would never ever stay in this hotel ever again.I wasnt at all suprised when i saw the documentary the other evening on the hotel in my opinion doesnt deserve a 4star rating i wouldnt give it a 3star or evan a 2star it is the worst hotel i have ever stayed in!!!	
Apr 8 2008 	Stay at your peril	One of the worst hotels I have stayed at.Very expensive for the quality of room and service we recieved, which was supposed to be deluxe. The room was small not very clean and in dire need of refurbishment e.g. door hanging off cupboards.The bathroom was poor and door jammed as you tried to gain entry.I tried to complain without success, even wrote an email to the HQ and I am still awaiting a response.	
Apr 7 2008 	dirty rooms reused bed linen poor hygiene	i have stayed at this hotel several times and also other Radisson hotels in London. I have just seen the tv documentary featuring undercover workers. It showed that they sometimes dont change the bed linen between guests, use a dirty toilet brush to clean the sink and dont have hygenic cleaning practices. Blood on bed linen, rats and mice in the hotel, i'm disgusted i stayed there. And the management are on camera casually chatting about it. If you dont want to end up in hospital then I suggest you stay somewhere else! I was nearly physically sick that I paid to stay there. Dont make the same mistake. I imagine there will be some very cheap rates as the cancellations start flooding in after this TV show which featured both the Kenilworth and the Marlborough.	
Apr 6 2008 	Friendly clean and comfortable. A very pleasant stay.	The room was a dedicated single, so was a little on the small side but had everything that was needed for a pleasant and comfortable stay. En-suite was a shower room rather than a bathroom, but this wasn't a problem to me, and the power-shower was wonderful!!! The room looked very smart and well-maintained, and the bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever experienced in a hotel which made for an excellent night's sleep.Location is excellent - a short , easy walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station, and the check-in process was very efficient , with genuinely friendly staff. The roads surrounding the hotel are fairly busy, so there was traffic noise with the window open, but this was blotted out totally with it closed - the room air-conditioning worked well to keep the temperature nicely chilled despite the corridors being very warm.Breakfast was a little pricey as I'd booked on a room-only basis, but the food was excellent with a massive choice. The public areas of the hotel were very well looked-after and spotlessly clean, although the lift was a bit on the slow side, and needs your room-card to be operated.All in all, a very enjoyable stay in a lovely hotel - I'd certainly return to it if I needed accommodation in London again.	
Mar 16 2008 	Public sector blues	When travelling for work, I stay at public sector rates, which may explain some of the problems I had here. The lobby was very nice. The lift worked. The staff were efficient.On the way to my room, I was a bit suspicious as my room was at the end of a row of linen cupboards. When I opened the door, I was surprised not to find a bathroom immediately. On further inspection, it was behind the bed. The window had a blind, not curtains, and was painted over at the bottom. Being curious, I opened teh window a little, only to see roof tiles and chimney pots. Obviously, the view was not worth the effort. The bathroom was tiny - but completely marbled. The room was not suitable for anyone with a disability as you had to vault over the toilet to get into the shower. I should also apologise to any nieghbours there as I had to turn up the radio to hear it in the bath. The bathroom speaker didn't work.However, the piece-de-resistance came when I went to dinner. I was alone. I was wearing jeans. I was carrying a book. Some or all of these may account for the fact that I was led through the main dining/bar area and put in a corner of a back room where only my legs were visible to anyone outside the room. The food was good - but it would have been nice to have the bread with my starter. On a positive note, the wireless internet access was easy to use (as it always is in Radissons) and the radio worked. For tourists, it is a very convenient location but it seems to take it's &quot;Edwardian&quot; tag very seriously.	
Feb 27 2008 	Great location okay hotel	My young son and I stayed here for 3 nights in Feb. The lobby and bar are welcoming and tasteful, and the reception staff quite pleasant. When we checked into our room, at 7pm, it still had not been cleaned from the previous occupants. As we were rushing to the theatre, we left it for the duty manager to sort out. Sure enough, it was cleaned when we returned. The room was nice, beds comfortable and had a fairly new bathroom with a bath. The only problem was being on the first floor at the front of the hotel, it was incredibly noisy. You could hear every car that stopped at the nearby traffic light! I'm usually a very sound sleeper, but I had a very sleepless night.I asked politely if we could change rooms and the receptionist was very helpful and moved us to an inside room on a high floor. This was better, very peaceful, though incredibly small. It had the smallest bathroom I have ever seen! It was about the size of an aeroplane toilet with a shower added on. The hotel location is great, just round the corner from the Shaftesbury theatre, and five minutes walk from Covent Garden. Breakfast was nice, with freshly cooked eggs but only somedays, and the cook couldn't give my son a cheese omelette as there was no cheese. Four stars? no, not quite. Because of the location, perhaps I would stay again, just as a base, but not for a romantic break.	
Feb 13 2008 	Exceptionally elcoming for a big London hotel	Stayed for 3 nights in February 2008 for a long weekend sightseeing in London. We were able to check in at 11:00 a.m. and the front desk staff were especially welcoming and helpful - a real rarity for London. The room was a decent size and cosy and comfortable, with some slightly oriental touches and no real issues. On the plus side it had a wide array of power sockets (including a US one) while, on the down side there was not much storage space apart from the wardrobe.The location wa excellent for us - less than 100m from the British museum, less than five minutes stroll to Tottenham Court Road and Oxford Street. and around 15-20 minutes walk toCovent Garden and Shaftesbury Avenue.We didn't eat in the brasserie-style restaurant, but we had a drink and the ambience was fine and the menu looked pretty good. However, there was a wide range of cafes and restaurants within an easy wlk, so we ate there instead.Overall a very pleasant experience with no real downsides and the benefit of good staff and an excellent (for us, at least) location.	
Feb 8 2008 	Spoiled by a ha'porth of tar	This Hotel really is a case of a &quot;ship spoiled by a ha'porth of tar&quot;.I stayed here for 2 days (one night) for a conference.The hotel looks on the surface to be just fine - the entrance lobby is fresh and smart; the bar and dining areas are clean, fresh and bright; the staff are exceptionally good (I have a slight limp and at least 5 staff offered to carry my small bag).However, the rooms are a different matter. My room was quite close to a fire door in the corridor and because the door closers were broken there was a loud bang every time the door closed - this meant at least every 20 minutes until midnight and quite frequently until 2.00 am - why, oh why haven't they repaired these door closers?In the bathroom, they say they use soap dispensers for environmental reasons - for that read cheapness. The dispenser for the bath is about 4 feet high from the bottom of the bath at the wrong end - therefore anyone having a bath has to leap up and down to obtain soap on their hands or face cloths!There was no toilet brush, which was needed because the flush was weak and ineffective (more cost saving?).The bathroom extractor fan was not working.The bathroom floor had obviously not been washed since the previous guest.This COULD be a superb hotel, but the attention to detail is missing, the cost-cutting too apparent, and it seems to me to be run by accountants (I am an accountant) rather than by a professional hotel manager.With the huge choice of hotels in this area of London, I will not go back to this one.	
Jan 29 2008 	Not as good as my other stays	I have reviewed this hotel before. This latest stay was my 3rd since my original review. It was also my worst. My room was the smallest I have stayed in and I have always had a single or a small double. This latest one was on the front of the property (I have previously had rooms at the side facing other buildings or the inner part of the hotel). There was barely enough room to store my suitcase and the bathroom, although space used creatively, was small. There was a lot of noise from the street - building work on the hotel opposite (Radisson Marlborough) did not help but the window wasn't particularly well insulated and I frequently heard traffic noise. The door to my room was also very close to two others (all three opened off a very small hall area) and I could feel and hear when people went in and out of their rooms (doors slamming).The hotel is starting to look a little tired. although the lobby and restaurant are still welcoming, clean and bright, the upper floors seem to be showing signs of wear. The walls in my room were heavily scuffed and the paintwork chipped. Additionally one of the elevators (the main one from the lobby) was out of service throughout my stay. This left only one elevator at the rear of the building to take guests up and down. If you had a lot of luggage you would struggle through the various sets of doors to get to it. But staff (particularly the concierges) remain very cheerful and always ready to help.Air conditioning/circulation is a good bonus at this hotel but the corridors outside the bedrooms were ridiculously hot!I arrived in my room to find no tv remote control. I reported it to the front desk in mid afternoon but by the time I returned at 7.30pm it had still not been replaced. I asked again and was told someone was on their way up. Eventually at 9.30 (!) the housekeeper appeared with it!Free wireless internet (and a business centre for those without computers) is a big plus for this place. I found the wireless worked fine and provided a fast reliable service. The in room safe was large enough to take my small laptop computer along with other valuables.	
Jan 21 2008 	Fantastic!	This is by far the best London hotel I have stayed inn! The rooms were cozy and the bathroom was nice. The service was excellent. The location of this hotel is central to shopping and great restaurants. I have booked this hotel for my next trip in the summer!	
Jan 7 2008	Good hotel	Hotel was more 3 star than 4 star. Service was poor on arrival, rooms were not ready till 4.30pm, even though we arrived at 2. We had a deluxe room which was a good size but another room we had was rather small. You cannot beat the location and we got the rooms for a reasonable price, so can't complain overall.	
Dec 19 2007 	Great Hotel	A great central hotel for a one or two night stay in London - rooms are rather small to be there any longer.Clean and well appointed , altho' our room had a strange short deep bath with a hand held shower head and no shower curtain.Breakfast was good, fresh and plentiful.Central location ideal for British Museum(next door!), Covent Garden, Oxford Street.	
Dec 18 2007 	Close to British Museum underground theatre district	Stayed here for 4 nights early December for a conference. Pro's:-close to theater district (walking distance)-very close to British Museum (just down the street)-close to underground (Tottenham Court Road)-free wifi-friendly staff (they even called me an hour after arrival to check whether everything was ok)-did I mention the free wifi?Cons:- expensive breakfast (16 british pounds, but then, London in general is expensive)	
Dec 13 2007	Laugh-out-loud Lilliputian Rooms	Paid £153 for a night in a single room......I have never seen a room so ridiculous and laugh-out-loud small. I have been in rooms where the bath is a bit truncated, but never somewhere where the BED is truncated. The toilet/shower room was so tight that one had to have a foot on theloo to open the shower door. Sitting on the pan involved inching sideways past the (tiny) washbasin.And they wanted another £13 for breakfast so was happy to decline.I was only there for a few hours, but would have got more bed if I hadbunked down at the local Youth Hostel!!	
Dec 2 2007 	Love this hotel!!!	Booked this hotel last minute as one I was originally staying in was horrible and couldn't bear to stay another night. was a bit blind luck I got this and boy am I glad I did!Is an amazing hotel. Got there and staff at reception were so helpful. There was a problem as booking hadn't been received (delay as used an online website rather than booked through hotel) but they did everything they cold to sort it out and was soon on way to room. We had a deluxe room and it was amazing. Bed was huge and the most comfortable hotel bed I had ever slept in! I got lost in it it was that big! Was immaculate and beautifully decorated. I want to buy the pillows they use! sooooo soft but didn't lose their shape. Bathroom was a good large size with lovely strong power shower and everything was clean and fresh. Towels were huge and very soft also got bathrobes. Room even had a stone balcony. Also had seating area (2 chairs and table) which came in handy when we ordered room service. Food was also very, very nice and filling and freshly cooked. Had 2 meals and a cheese board which came to same amount I would of expected to pay for a meal in a nearby restaurant. I would recommend avoiding the mini bar as hugely overpriced (as they always are). There is a shop JUST over the road (reception more than happy to point you to cash point and shop) so stock up on bottled water and fizzy drinks there as you will save a fortune. would of been nicer to have a bigger telly and air con was a bit noisy but I'm just being picky. A lovely hotel and right in the heart of London. Will definitely be going back, even if I have to save up my pennies to do so!	
Nov 27 2007 	Great location but not the greatest hotel	The hotel is very well located, ideal for the British Museum and not far from the eastern end of Oxford Street. Plenty of restaurants nearby.That said, the hotel itself isn't fantastic and doesn't quite have its priorities straight, e.g. the loo paper is carefully folded but the room wasn't always hoovered thoroughly. It seems 95% of the way there in everything it does. If it could manage the last 5%, it'd be superb.There is an odd smell in the corridors but it didn't intrude on my room. WIFI access worked fine if a little slow at times; there was a good working space in my room. Satellite TV channel choice was strange and likely to change each day. Odd.Dont be too late for breakfast, the staff seem to lose enthusiasm for the excellent choice and service I found before 8am.	
Nov 19 2007 	Attention broom cupboard aficianados	Fancy a broom cupboard in London for only £250 a night, then do no more than get down to the Kenilworth in Gt Russell Street. I have stayed in hotels around the world from the sublime to the life threatening and this must rank as one of the worst value properties of them all. Where do you start? - from the main lift which was out of order for almost two days to the unwelcoming public areas it's all pretty ordinary. We arrived at 2.00pm and asked if we could have something to eat only to be told 'we're closed' Then the room itself - a word of warning do not take the family cat because there is nowhere to swing it round. The tiny room is matched only by it's ability to allow you to hear the guy next door drop his newspaper on the floor. There were water stains around the window and an air conditioner that threatened to get down to Heathrow and join it's family. When we complained and asked to be moved, the lady announced they were full! One bright spot, a team leader gave us a free meal as compensation for the room and the inconvenience. I should also mention the bed (First prize in the instruments of torture exhibition at the British Museum) I realise that most hotels in London can get away with murder but this is a brand you should be able to trust, sadly the cynicism shines through although some of the front desk staff do try their best and most were extremely nice, pleasant people, I sympathise with their plight but not half as much as I sympathise with their guests. Avoid like the plague then it may actually improve.	
Nov 17 2007 	The place ipasses the test if you are not picky	Statyed at this hotel for for 5 nights Nov 11 to Nov15th, 2007. As usual after getting flying red eye across the Atlantic, the room was not ready upon our arrival, we were hopeful but not surprised - room became available at 1:00PM while Check out was 11:00AM.Price to quality ratio are way out of line with what we see in Canada. Room was very small, beds were soft but comfortable and one of the two elevators was out of service half the time. The hotel rooms are well maintained and kept very clean. We also found the staff courteous and effective. We did not use the restaurant so no comments there. The location of the hotel is second to none, near the British museum (half a block), three blocks from subway and within walking distance of Soho, Leicester Square, Covent Garden, many musical shows, etc.Our cost was 1000pounds for 5 nights - its not worth anywhere near that by my standards but I am afraid that this is the going price for London. We nevertheless enjoyed our stay at the Kenilworth. I will be a smarter shopper next time but would look for a hotel in that sector.	
Nov 10 2007 	excellent location cosy clean room	My husband and I stayed for one night, we needed a room near the British Museum and theatreland. The room was 614, I was a bit concerned as it was next to the lift , but this didn't turn out to be a problem. The room was clean, cosy but did not seem to be anything too special for the 4* price tag. The sash window banged all night in the wind, and some plasterwork was loose in the bathroom. MY husband took a bath but had to calll me to decant some of the shower gel into a glass for him as it was screwed high on the wall and not accessible from the bath.Location was excellent. We didn't have breakfast as they wanted £16.50, too much for us as we only eat a very light breakfast.	
Nov 5 2007 	Awful	Booked this hotel as a late minute deal thinking I had got a relative bargain at £75 for a Saturday night for a single room in Bloomsbury and within minutes of Covent Garden &amp; Soho. I was very wrong.Firstly 2 days before I checked in I took a phone call from them asking what time I intended to check in as the room might not be ready. I thought that was a bit odd but told them and didn't think anything of it... When I checked in however although my room was fine there were about 30 people milling around reception all of whom were being denied entry to their rooms as the hotel had a problem with housekeeping. This was at 3.30pm - check in for the hotel is at 2pm.When I got to my room it had been made up in that there were clean sheets on the bed. But there was also a sink full of stubble and a used razor blade on the side. Meanwhile the toilet was in dire need a bottle of bleach and a good scrub.I got a single bed which was ok but a bit of a surprise having stayed at other Radisson Edwardians. The room itself (no. 121) was absolutely tiny and sitting on the bed. Eeven someone with short arms could reach the wall on one side and the window on the other at the same time.There was a faint odour of in the room - unsurprising as the windows didn't open and the air con was useless. Oh and only 5 channels on a battered old TV. This room is also noisy with even the most whispered conversation coming through the walls.Finally the staff who were on duty only had a limited grasp of English.The hotel is great in terms of location - minutes from Covent Garden to the south, Soho to the West and the British Museum round the corner but to be honest I got the level of service / cleanliness I would have expected from a hostal at half the price. Do not stay here unless you cannot find anywhere else for the money you want to spend	
Oct 21 2007 	Poor hotel	Apart from the Radisson in Heathrow, I have found a lot of the Radissons within London to be very disappointing. At first glance the hotel looks fine, but when you look at the finer detail you will notice that everything in the hotel is done very cheaply. I found my room to be shabby and was disgusted to see both cockroaches and a mouse in our meeting room. The hotel didn't seem particularly bothered by either of these complaints.	
Oct 11 2007 	ok but won't be rushing back	Spent a night here to go to the theatre. Pros. Brilliant location very close to British Museum and Covent Garden. Staff at desk and concierge very helpful and welcoming. Comfortable king size bed. Room nice. Cons. Lift keeps breaking down - we used the stairs instead. Once you leave the lobby the entire hotel smells of very strong air freshener. If you're sensitive to smells/asthmatic - avoid. I was sneezing a lot. Bathroom very old /dilapidated with a strange shower. Ok. Only reason to go back would be the helpful and accomodating staff.	
Oct 1 2007 	Does not meet the standard	Booked direct to sister hotel, the Marlborough. Even though booked the day before, agreed £230 for bed only, as normal with large chains moved to sister hotel over the road.Meant to be refurbished this year. The lift may be the quietest, but its the slowist, four times chose to use the stairs instead.The room, very old fashioned. Hair dryer in a drawer and does not reach a mirror. toiletries poor.windows rattled so at 4am jammed them up.foam pillows and poor bed linen.Many better quality hotels in london for the money.would suggest for less money but better stay Jumeirah Lowndes Hotel.wrote to hotel to complain about price to service and received standard letter back.Can not comment on Marlborough as moved.	
Sep 22 2007 	Not nice	I wish i had read the comment of KMSMITH3 before i booked this hotel. My husband i arrived for the weekend for our Anniversary but have to say it was a bit of a let down. The carpet had a inch thick of dirt all the way round it, the tea coffe tray had opend packet sugar in it, there were lights not working, and to my horror a packet of condoms had been left by the previous guest at the side of the bed. We went for a night out came back to find we couldnt get into our room, we went to reception to complain, while there we thought we would mention the packet of condoms and the state of the room. While the girl was quiet nice about it that was it end of story. No one came to remove the condoms or look at the room. So have to say wont be going back to this hotel.	
Sep 21 2007 	Small but cosy accommodation	I stayed here for business and it was a pleasant experience. I arrived at 8am and the staff immediately offered to hold my luggage and checked me in, apologising for the fact that no room was ready. When I arrived later that evening I was a little disappointed to find my single room was really, really small but actually the effect was quite cosy. It was also really hot which was a bit unpleasant when trying to sleep, but never mind. Everything you needed was there - they had even put the hairdryer within reach of the mirror, not always the case! It was all a little shabby though and the hot water was a little erratic in the mornings. Breakfast was good and the coffee nice but the best thing was the location. Gt Russell St isn't too noisy but it is in the centre of london - 3 mins walk from Tottenham Ct Rd tube station. Covent Garden etc are walkable and there are plenty of shops and restaurants nearby. Would happily stay here again.	
Sep 10 2007	Can't complain!	I booked this hotel for a Saturday night out with the lads in London. I knew we'd end up in a club nearby and that's why I picked it. I was travelling alone so I wanted a hotel which has single rooms at a reasonable price. This place fitted the bill perfectly. The room rat was GB£75.00 for the night. I asked for an early check in and was pleasenlty surprised that they had a room ready at 12.30 pm when I arrived. Friendly and efficent service, The room was very small even for a single room but well equiped. Hotel location was excellant and within walking distance of everywhere in central London and less than a five minute stroll for two tube stations.	
Sep 7 2007	Pleasantly Surprised!	We stayed at the Radisson Kenilworth August 18-22. Three of us were in a room, 314, I believe, jsut outside the elevator exit. I was concerned at first witht he location, bieng next to the elevator, but no problem. There was an entry to the room with a small entry, then another door to the room, so we had to enter two doors to get into the room. Not sure if they are all this way? The hotel is located right by the British Museum, and within short walking distance to two tube stops. I was concerned about the choice, because of the negative reviews I read. Have stayed in many upscale hotels in the US and Mexico, Caribbean, and Europe. This was a clean, tastefully decorated room. WE had a true King bed, not two twins pushed together. My daughter stayed on the hide a bed. The bathroom was not huge, but bigger than most in Europe. nice vanity in the bedroom, large closet. Our hotel was booked through Costco, and included breakfast. Lots of choices. Lots of hot American food, and European fare. Only worth it if included in your package. Wagamama, the Asian Noodle place is a 1/2 block away. The Concierge was helpful. Free internet, nice workout room in the basement. Close to several theaters. This is a quaint older hotel, updated. It was fairly cool while we were there, kept the air on at night, it was really comfortable. I would stay here again. RIght next door t to the FSU study abroad facility.	
Sep 3 2007 	Stay away from this Kennel.	The Radisson Edwardian Kennilworth was the most unpleasant hotel experience I ever had in all of my travels. I arrived at the hotel on August 7, 2007 and was an hour early for check in. I was told the room needed to be cleaned and would be ready in an hour if not sooner. I come back 90 minutes later after having some dinner and I was told the room was still not ready. However, several people from the U.K. got checked in immediately even though they arrived after me.  The woman at the desk was extremely rude and insisted I wait on the couch in the lobby. After two hours (it’s now past 6:00 p.m.) of waiting the room was finally ready. It was however not clean! The condition of the room was filthy. The bed spread had dried up blood all over it. Female readers will immediately know where the blood most likely came from. I called and requested a new comforter. They took away the blood-stained one, but never did provide me with a new clean one.  It was bizarre that the room had a semi-transparent bathroom door. If you share a room you’ll have little-to-no privacy. The room was uncomfortable, unclean, and the service, and the way I was treated was terrible. I would even suggest the hotel does not like Americans!  Hotel Kennilworth should be embarrassed by the way they conduct business. I would advice people to stay away from this hotel. There are much nicer hotels in better locations of London for a lot less money. Hotel Kennilworth does not deserve any stars. The place should be condemned for its lack of professionalism, courteously, and cleanliness.	
Aug 26 2007 	Outstanding Hotel	This is an extremely nice hotel. The standard room was reasonably-sized, L-shaped and large enough that I didn't feel cramped. There was an in-room safe that was nominally big enough to hold my widescreen laptop computer, but I didn't store it there. The attached bathroom was nice. There was a North American-style 110v outlet in my room, but I didn't use it. I took plug adapters and everything I had was dual voltage. My room rate included the breakfast buffet and I went there most mornings. It was a fairly comprehensive offering of food, including sausage, bacon, ham, bread, various potato varieties, cereal, etc. I didn't eat at the restaurant otherwise.The people at the desk were helpful with any questions or issues I had during my lengthy stay. The location is very close to the British Museum and within reasonable walking distance of Parliament and the Eye.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great Location in a Great Hotel	My Partner and I stayed here for 3 nights in early August and found this hotel to be great. Having read some of the reviews posted on TA (after I booked the hotel) I was expecting to have to find alternative accomodation for the duration of our stay but we were very pleasantly surprised by the hotel. I booked a standard room but was ungraded to a king sized room at check in. This was not as large as king size rooms in other hotels but it was big enough for us.The air conditioning was great as the weather was very hot during our stay. The bed was very comfortable and the staff were pleasant.There is free internet access in the lobby where we were able to print out our boarding cards for our return flights.The location was excellent, very close to Tottenham Court tube station and Oxford St, Soho and Covent Garden.In my experience this hotel does not deserve the poor reviews it has recieved on TA.	
Jul 24 2007	Perfect location truly horrid hotel	The Radisson Edwardian Kenilworth is in a fantastic location -- Bloomsbury &amp; Great Russel Street, about 1 block from the British Museum, 2 blocks from Oxford Street, walking distance to most theatres, and, about a mile or so from the half price tkts booth in Leicester Square. Nearest Tube: Tottenham Court Road.However, I've just told you the only good thing about the hotel. It's location. Actually, there is one other: free wireless internet, though I didn't have a computer with me to take advantage of it.As an actual place to stay, it's horrid. Terrible. And outlandishly expensive.My room was a single, so I was expecting small. But, this was tiny even by London standards. The room was triangular, with the bed filling the longest wall. There was a desk-like thing (narrower than a piece of paper) bolted to the wall between door and bed.I stayed 3 nights. The elevator broke down 3 times during my stay.The air conditioner was very underpowered... my room was always uncomfortably warm.When the person in the room above me turned on the shower, my ceiling leaked. (staff response: we'll try to get that fixed in the next day or so -- they apparently didn't succeed)My shower -- the drain didn't work very well, so if I took more than about 5-6 minutes, it overflowed onto the floor.	
Jul 12 2007 	Small but tidy	I had stayed in this hotel before back in 2001 when they had just finsihed the whole transformation to Radisson Edwardian. Since I liked the place then I decided to stay here again as I had a meeting in central London. The hotel is only a 3 minute walk form Tottenham Court Road Station on the underground. Great Russel Street is a bit of a shambles itself but once you get to the hotel you end up in pretty nice area of London, very close to the British Museum. Also, Wagamamma, my favourite noodle bar is just around the corner.The checkin and lobby is very nice with a touch of trendy asian furniture. The lobby is very nicely decorated. As it is an old building, the lift (only 1) is very cramped and slow. The hallways tend to be steaming hot (just like more hotels in the UK). I stayed in room 226 (twin bedded) and found it to be small but comfortable. The beds are very inviting for a good nights sleep. The desk is roomy and has everything a business traveller could want. Wireless high-speed internet is free!The bathroom was a slight disappoinment, as you had to hold the shower-head yourself whilst showering. Now, how difficult would it be to arrange some kind of hook on the wall?But nonetheless, this is not a bad choice. It has a nice bar, friendly staff and a good location.	
Jul 11 2007 	Nice Hotel	Stayed for one night and was very lucky to get an upgrade on our room. Found the Hotel staff very freindly and helpful, the location is excellent being near the British Museum and a easy walk to Covent Garden and the surrounding areas. There is also a good choice of Restaurants nearby.	
Jul 1 2007 	Very good value for the single traveller	Having booked a single room at this hotel I was rather worried when I read some of the reviews on this site. However, I found that the room, though it was definitely 'compact' was very comfortable and had everything I wanted. It was very light and airy with good temperature control. The staff very very welcoming and friendly and there is free internet access. At £75 I thought this was very good value. One thing though, I booked through Lastminute.com and chose it as one of their 'top secret' hotels - you don't know which hotel you've booked until you book it, and you are supposed to get a very good deal - in fact, I could have got the £75 rate booking direct with the hotel and would not have had to pay the 94p booking fee.	
Jun 9 2007 	I really wish I could give this hotel a good review	I would like to tell you about the wild stay we had at this hotel.We stayed in a total of 3 rooms during our 8 day stay in London.The first night we arrived in the afternoon, stowed our luggage in The room, and went out for the evening until way late after 11 pm.When we came back the room on the 7th floor was stifling hot, and The offer of loud little fans was not comforting, needless to say a sleepless night on our first day in London.On the next day we were moved to the 6th floor of the hotel and we were so relieved at the cooler temperature. However one of the phones in the room did not work and for 6 days we kept wondering why it was So hard to find some glasses to drink out of, we drank our soda out of The little glasses in the bathroom. Only later did we find out on the 3rd room, that there should have been a tray inside the cabinet with the safe In it with a coffee maker, and tea and coffee cups etc.The hotel employees were very helpful in moving us around and our stuff. We did not have issue with the staff, they had a helpful attitude.There are no products offered in the bathroom and the one fragrance fits all, really does not work or impress. The old spice fragrance does not suit women and I had to go out to Boots to buy shampoo for myself.After a good rainstorm on the morning of the 7th day of our stay the fire alarm went off at 0655 and the top 3 floors of the hotel were flooded and we were moved to the 3rd floor room, again lights didn’t work, one phone in the room didn’t work, there was a coffee tray this time, but we were leaving the next day and didn’t get a chance to enjoy it.The employees were always nice and helpful and seemed just as frustrated with the situation as we were.Last but not least, the marble bathrooms, are nice to look at, but horribly dangerous! I had to get my husband to help me to get out of the shower every time in order not to fall on the slippery marble floor. There are 2 handles but they are not well placed, and I cannot believe that more attention is not paid to this, what about elderly patrons of the hotel?Could a vacation be ruined by a fall out of these high bathtubs?I feel that the costly rates of this hotel do not reciprocate in value for services received, and I would not recommend this hotel to my friends--Very dissapointed in my first trip to London.	
May 12 2007 	don't book a single	Fortunately, I'm staying just one night. Unfortunately, my travel agent inexplicably booked me a &quot;single&quot; and it's a very small room. The bed and the bathroom are equally tiny and not in the least bit 3 let alone 4 stars, even for London. The single bed is miserably hard. I'm not anticipating a very good night's sleep. I asked for a larger room, willing to pay for it, but there was not one available and the front desk reminded me, &quot;You are only staying for one night. &quot; Not really the point, is it? I read some of the reviews and am amazed we stayed at the same hotel. I checked in via online, requesting a bathrobe. The desk clerk gave my &quot;online check-in form&quot; a very long look and a totally blank stare. I had to go through the whole process anyway, and didn't get the bathrobe. I travel all the time and work with a lot of different cultures, but I could barely understand the desk clerk and he could barely understand me. It was very frustrating. I arrived about 10:30PM from the U.S. Room service closes at 11PM so by the time I got to my room, I only had the option of a ham sandwich or something else that I could not understand. I couldn't even get a small fruit plate let alone the four options listed as &quot;available 24 hours&quot; on the menu. The sandwich, delivered by the front desk clerk, arrived prettily decorated but sparse. The internet access is great - got on right away and for free. The room is quiet, but I think &quot;renovation&quot; is a stretch - the carpet had dreadful dirt stains and the wallpaper looks old. The shower head is shoved in and crudely cut into the drywall - I can see the attic above! All in all, I'm going to say look around. If you MUST stay here, make sure you book anything besides a single - or just make sure you're only staying for one night and have minimal luggage.	
Apr 22 2007 	Excellent base for exploring	We were a group of 9 ladies out in London for a girlie weekend and needed a hotel that was in the centre of things, of a good standard and offered a B&amp;B rate. So, this did the job just fine. Ideal if the hotel is an incidental part of your stay in London rather than the main event...just a standard chain hotel that provided all the facilities we required, although the rooms were very small and many only had a shower.However, the staff were very friendly and helpful.	
Apr 14 2007 	I thought it was great	I was very happy with the service, location and the room. Although our room as one the small side, it was very clean, well decorated and the bed was very comfortable. We paid around 125.00 euros a night which was a bit more than we had planned, but i think worth the money as we saved tons on transportation and being so close to Bond Street, there was always something to do.	
Apr 10 2007 	Try Somewhere Else if Possible (Avoid Room 24)	Stayed here for 2 nights in a Deluxe room @ £150.00/Night. On arrival we were checked in by a lady with broken english took about 10 minutes as she had to run across to the radisson opposite to use their machine. Upon entering the room fairly happy nice king size bed, seating area, desk &amp; table. However from about 8pm when we came back to the room until about 11.30pm there was a loud bang every 5-10 minutes which was the corridor door that was just outside our room slamming shut everytime someone came through. This started again at about 6-6.30am the next morning &amp; was continous throughout the day whenever we happened to be in the room. So we decided rather than be woken by this the following morning we would request to change rooms, the hotel seemed more than happy to do this &amp; told us our bags would be in the new room 316 when we came back from our dayout. we were told that 316 hadn't checked out but we have been assigned another room on the third floor. When we arrived at our new room is was about half the size of the previous room with a standard double bed, no seating area &amp; a table and two chairs stuffed in at the bottom of the bed to the point that you couldn't get round the other side of the bed without rolling across it. I called reception to ask why we had not been transferred to another deluxe room which we had paid for, at which the lady we spoke to became quite rude saying all the rooms are different, etc, etc. yet she couldn't give any answer to the fact the bed was not a king &amp; there was no seating area eventually we ended up back in our original room as apparently they had no other deluxe rooms available. Now i have a problem my credit card as they haven't released the authorisation amount so just over £650.00 has left my account &amp; after speaking to about 10 different people still no closer to getting it back.To Sum up - Decor, Breakfast, Location (5minute walk if that to tottenham court road tube) - GOODORIGINAL Room Size, Bed Etc. - GOOD (but if the room we got changed to is anything to go by for standard rooms don't bother if you've got a suitcase &amp; if they try to put you in 24 try &amp; get out of it)Hotel Staff - POOR -Multi Lingual Apparently - Probably are, but all apart from the manager were not fluent in English &amp; were quite rude when we had a problem.Check your Credit card after you've left!	
Feb 19 2007	Small but reasonably well formed!	Stayed overnight here recently - was looking for somewhere close to the centre of things and in fairness, it's only a brisk 10 minute walk from Picadilly. Room was very small - 6th floor - bathroom tiny. However, all was clean. Concierge was very helpful and cheery. Did have to queue for 10-12 minutes for breakfast the next morning with many uncleaned empty tables in the restaurant - appeared to be staffing issues at that time.Would I go back? - Yes, clean, close and cramped! Ideal for the single traveller.	
Feb 18 2007 	World's smallest rooms??	Great location but having checked into a tiny room which turned out only to have a shower we changed rooms for one with a bath and this room was also tiny. About 2-3 feet around the bed, which was only 4'6&quot;, nowhere to put cases not even under the bed which had solid sides, and the ironing board took up a large portion of the cupboard as was wedged across the hanging space because shelf was too low. Luckily we were only here for a one night city break and would not want to be here with any suitcases!	
Nov 21 2006 	OK But Expensive	Stayed at this hotel for a night on Oct 16th.On arrival check-in took about 15mins we were the only people there!Hotel room that I was given on the 7th floor was ok for a central London Hotel, clean at least (except for the bathroom tiny........)Expensive considering a corporate of £246 excluding breakfast.An orange juice and a coffee £16,00 the next morning.I must say that the concierge was absolutely excellent, I unfortunately had broken the handle on my case, which he took away and had fixed in a flash.He also went out of his way to find us a taxi in the rain on departure.	
Sep 26 2006 	Poor chain	I stayed here for one night only and the room was very well decorated and clean.I ate in the restaurant and the food was adequate - nothing special.Bad points:Even though this hotel was booked and paid for by my company they hassled me the entire time for a credit card number.The toilet never flushed properly - oh, there was water going through it - but it was never with enough pressure to flush anything away - paper just floated on the surface the entire time - not pleasant!The sheets, although clean, were ripped and torn in places.The floors are bare wood/laminate which is lovely if they give them a wash over every time they service your room (much more hygenic than carpet) but you can hear EVERY SINGLE MOVEMENT the people above you make - every step - every pulling out of a chair - very noisy!The room was noisy in general from the street sounds - it was strange - it was almost as if the room amplified the sound - if I opened the window and stuck my head out it didn't seem as loud as when I shut the window and just sat in the room - the noisiest street sounds of any hotel I've ever stayed in and I've travelled all over the world.My room card didn't work in the lift - I took to walking up the stairs - I was lucky I only had baggage for a one night stay and am fit and healthy!In general not a good impression and I will endeavour not to use this hotel again.	
Aug 22 2006 	BEWARE of your VISA CREDIT CARD at this hotel	After a week accomodated at this hotel whose fares I had already prepaid with BANCHOTEL vouchers at the check in, and after having paid my bill in cash when leaving (taxes and extras), I arrived to my country SPAIN and found out that my credit card had been charged for an amount of €600 which will be blocked (as they tell me when I phone to the Radisson Hotel for an answer) for a period of 15-18 days. They assured me that it is a very common practice in British Hotels. Thet never told me about this when they asked me for my CREDIT CARD and never in my life a hotel in Britain has done a similar thing to me and my problem is that now my VISA limit is €600 down the normal until probably next month.	
Aug 21 2006	A bit better than expected	Stayed there together with my 16 yr old son from the 17.th to the 20.th of august, we shared a twin. Have been to London at least 20 times before, and this hotel turned out to be a positive surprise.Check-in, servicedesk and so on was good and the employees were polite and friendly. As expected the room (#417) was quite small, but this is London. On the downside there were no bedside reading-lamps, only spotligts in the ceiling. When one person want's to sleep, this is quite annoying. And the TV was only viewable from one of the beds. (Both things commented on my review to the hotel management).The location is a real bonus - less than 5 minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road Tube-station and close to the Theatre district, Oxford Street and so on.We booked through londontown, and mye experience with them is very good. We paid 72 GBP/night during the weekend ex taxes for the room (ex. breakfast.)	
Aug 1 2006 	Ideal Location	This is a hotel in an ideal location at the top of Shaftsbury Avanue. It is clean and the windows are well insulated from the noise outside. It is opposite Radisson Edwardian Marlborough which might confuse some stayers when they think some of the rooms are on the opposite side of the road.For people travelling to London from the NW of England it is only a short walk from London Euston down Gower St.Located next to the British Museum and recommended pub the Museum Tavern right outside the museum it cannot be better located. Opposite is both a cafe, newsagents and cash machine to make life easier. Oxford St is a 2 minute walk.Once you have done your shopping you can drop it off at the hotel before going down Shaftsbury Avenue to the half price theatre ticket booth in Leicester Sq to see a show.Then to a bar in Covent Garden for a late night drink before a short 5 minute stroll back to this ideally located hotel.I paid £60+VAT per night and will book this hotel again. A clean room good bathroom extremely comfortable bed friendly staff and checked in and out with ease. I used the mini bar in my room and it had not been added to my bill. I pointed this out and it was altered.The full breakfast at £18 is steep and if you have the time I recommend you breakfast in the cafe across the road or treat yourself to a Fortnum &amp; Masons Breakfast in their Fountain Restaurant which opens at 8:30 via the Jermyn St entrance, and only costs £15.75.	
Jul 4 2006 	No complaints.....you could do worse in London	I was really not sure about staying here. I had been booked in by my employer's travel agency and into a single room. I don't think I had ever stayed in a genuine single hotel room before and so I thought I'd be in a broom cupboard at the back.From the moment I checked in (very helpful and friendly porters and front desk staff) everything was fine. My room (606) was a single although the bed was actually a UK double and so I guess you could get 2 people in there if you wanted. The room was very clean. modern and understated - nice clean linens with modern looking bedspread and big cushions gave the room a homely feel. Space for my suitcase and to move around in the room. Those who are used to large US style hotels rooms might find it a little cramped but hey this is Europe and space is at a premium. Had a tv (excellent reception), full size ironing board and iron in the cupboard, hairdryer, coffee/tea making stuff and a minbar which I didn't take from although used the fridge to store water (be careful though as all the stuff in there is on sensitive pads which detect when you take things out - automatically charges to your bill!). Bathroom was small but more than adequate - shower only but was powerful and so no complaints. Speakers in the bathroom linked to the TV were a nice touch! Luckily the room had airconditioning (I stayed during a heatwave) which worked well and wasn't noisy (I did speak to another guest in the elevator who said her aircon wasn't working though &amp; they couldn't move her to another room). My window also opened and as I was facing away from the main road I suppose I could have had it open without disturbance had I wanted to. As for the view - well you don't come to London to sit looking out of your window......I was looking across rooftops. Would recommend a higher room (floors 5 or above) as I think others could be noisy.Breakfast was fine. A well presented buffet of cold meats, fruit, cereal and the usual hot selection. Table service for hot drinks and toast. The restaurant/bar was clean and modern and service fine. Had a late night drink in the bar one night and it wasn't too pricey (for a hotel!). Didn't eat any other meals here so can't comment on standard of lunch/dinner.There is a small gym (which I didn't use) and an &quot;business centre&quot; with 3 computers giving guests free internet acccess.Location is great although the Oxford St/Tottenham Court Road junction isn't the best bit of London. Go the other direction and you have the British Museum and lots of choices of good pubs/bars. If you need snacks/supplies there is a Sainsbury's local (popular British supermarket chain for non UK readers) at the end of Great Russell Street on Tottenham Court Road - there is a Boots chemist next door to Sainsbury's should you need toiletries or medication.Would I stay there again. Probably.	
Jun 23 2006 	Would never stay anywhere else in London	After spending years staying in a variety of hotels in London when there on business, I've finally found a hotel I like and feel comfortable in. It is light, modern, nice (without being too in your face), efficient polite staff (again, without being overwhermingly so) and decent rooms. Lets face it, you never get huge hotel rooms in London, and in this hotel I've had room varying from average to quite large (by London standards).Right next door to the British Museum, 5 mins walk to Tottenham Court Road tube station/Oxford Street, 10 mins walk to Leicester Square. Perfect location.Only point is that the bar is a bit pricey (£4.25 for a bottle of Budweiser), but it is a hotel in central London I suppose.	
Jun 19 2006	Well Located Hotel of Good Quality	Just returned from a weekend at the Radisson Edwardian Kenilworth. Got a good rate of £85 per night and for this money the hotel is excellent value. The hotel has all the qualities you would expect of a good four star hotel, with one of two exceptions. The hotel is split across two side of a road. On the side we stayed there was only one lift, so if you have difficulty with stairs and a lift is imperative, you may sometimes have to wait a few minutes. The bedrooms are small for a hotel of this quality, but this is almost inevitable in central London. The bathroom was good, but was just beginniing to show its age.The location cannot be beaten. It is 200 yards to Oxford Street and about 10 minutes walk to Covent Garden and just about all the West End theatres. Dozens of good restaurants in close proximity.If you want an absolutely immaculate hotel experience, don't stay here. Find somewhere else, but you will pay for it. If on the other hand you want a well located good quality, but not immaculate, hotel then this will fit the bill. I will consider staying here again when I am next in London, but much will depend on the room price of this and its competitors.Lincolnshire, England	
Jun 16 2006	Perfectly Situated	This was our second stay at this hotel. Our room was at the back of the hotel this time so there was a lot a noise from the main road at night. Get a room at the front if you can - much quiter.This hotel is in the perfect place for shopping and nightlife. I think we only got the tube once to victoria to catch our train otherwise we walked everywhere. Easy reach of oxford street and covent garden. And, depending what kind of nightlife you are looking for, you are walking distance to chinatown and theatres and for us going to see live music, venues such as the Astoria, Borderline &amp; 12 Bar Club are just 5 mins walk away so if your gig over runs, you don't have to worry about missing the last tube and trying to get a taxi !Highly recommended.	
Jun 12 2006 	Small room yes but everything else was nice.	Good location near the British Museum, nice small lobby, tranquilly decorated room, no traffic noice in the back yard side.Efficient and quick check-in and check-out, good (normal) breakfast. Friendly staff.And yes, the single room I had (331) was very, very small. However, there was a writing desk, the room was airconditoned, and as it faced the (ugly) back yard, it was silent, and I could sleep very well the both nights I stayed there.	
Jun 6 2006	I liked my stay	This hotel is in a great location (near Covent garden, oxford st, Leicester square, the British museum 1 block away-walking distance to regent street -if you like to walk, the Tottenham tube stop is about a 5 min walk away) and is 1 of 3 hotels I stayed at while in London. The good points: friendly reception service, free internet in the business center, clean rooms, great variety of channels that includes news channels in French, German, Spanish and US CNN. Free paper every morning, choice of Financial Times or major local London paper. I didn't try the breakfast so can't comment. Also, my room had switches that allowed me to use my US based electronics without using a converter (great bonus!). Also had this electronic system to notify housekeeping when they could enter and when the room needed cleaning.As a solo traveler I also felt safe, since you could not operate the lift unless you had a room key. I found the staff to be friendly compared to the previous hotel I had just checked out of on the same street (at a higher rate and poor service)The room was small but &quot;efficiently&quot; arranged; I've stayed in smaller rooms in London and had no problems with the size. The closet was long and large enough to store my luggage, plus a safe for my laptop and I had everything I needed in the room, including a small table with a chair to sit and read my paper by the window-that is along with the desk in the room. There were enough local places on the block to grab breakfast and it is not far away from Charlotte Street-a growing &quot;restaurant row&quot; that has a lot of nice, reasonably priced restaurants, as well as Oxford street with other quick breakfast options like Cafe Nero, Pret, Starbucks and others. Or you can walk towards Convent Garden and bump into even more places to eat.The bathroom was small, but the shower was great in terms of water pressure although the stall was small-some people would have trouble moving about in it-basically only elbow room.Great rate: I paid about $110 and stayed for 3 nights.The not so good points:The window came flying open during one of the storms, I called housekeeping since I thought the window was broken-they asked me if it is was dire (no but, didn't want the entire window to come crashing down on me as I slept and it was during a bank holiday) they said they'd send someone to take a look but no one came. My room faced Bloomsbury Street so the buses in the morning were sort of loud, but no problems at night-very quiet.In addition to the small bathroom-the ammenities were lacking as well.	
Apr 16 2006	Average - distinctly so	London tourist hotels are all pretty terrible: functional at best, vulgar decor, poor and expensive breakfasts, not particularly well maintained. And the Kenilworth was typical. Plus points: not the worst, good location (the part of London I like best to stay in)	
Mar 27 2006	Dissapointed	Booked and paid through Lastminute a Deluxe Double Room but only standard actually booked? this was changed as it had been paid for. Was in Room 105 above this is 207/208 inconnecting suites with a wooden floor and think the occupants spent the two nights scrapping chairs and in high heels!! no sleep at all.Rooms very small but nice and clean. bar staff not too friendly and asked for coffee about 11pm was told stopped serving at 1030pm observed them serving Hot choclate etc and was told this is made fresh and not from machine! Excellent location for attractions etc.	
Mar 19 2006	very small rooms	I booked a twin room through lastminute for £75 originally at the Vanderbilt their sister hotel, however when we arrived and went to check in we were advised there was a system issue with some of the rooms and we were advised we are now at the Knilworth. Jorge was very helpful, and polite and we were offered tea and coffee in their bar (he carried our cases through to the bar for us) advising us to let him know when we wanted to go to the alternative hotel and he would order a cab and the hotel would pay for it.Went to the Kenilworth which has a good location right next to the British museum (which we wanted to see). I must say i noticed the difference in the welcome between the two hotels, the Kenilworth it was indifferent, the receptionists were chatting and continued to chat whilst checking us in. She decided to imform me the cost of the room was £190 , which as i had already paid was a tad insulting. The rooms are tiny, the beds were small singles. the bathroom was tiny and contained a bath which is deep and half the normal size. the shower head was mounted too low and had to be used by hand which is hard when washing your hair. the room was freezing when we arrived, took ages to warm up and was noisy, we then couldnt switch it off.the check out time is 11 not 12pm as stated.all in all location is great for shopping (nr covent garden, regent street, oxford street), and nightlife esp soho.for location and price it was good, able to walk back from bar in soho to hotel. wouldnt pay top wack for it though	
Feb 28 2006 	Poor value for money...	I've stayed in this hotel a few times now, and have not yet had a 'great' room/experience.Best so far was an average sized bedroom with a good sized bathroom combo, but the bedroom window looked out onto a brick wall and the room was heated to about a zillion degrees.Worst so far was a tiny room in which the queen-size bed took up practically every bit of room (there was a dressing table at the foot of the bed, and you sat on the end of the bed to use it instead of on a stool - that's how tight it was....) This room had a tiny bathroom to compliment it - no bath, just a shower, and a small handbasin with no shelf (had to put my toiletry bag on top of the loo cistern just under the heated towel rack, and my lipsticks melted...)Another observation I would make about this hotel is that the TV reception is, without exception, rubbish - if you like to view your programmes through a haze of interference, you'll love it here. Also, I've found that the rooms are almost always too hot.Bar is okay, but a bit pricey (but, hey, it's London...) and bar service is excellent. Breakfast has always been good, but, again, probably a bit more expensive than some other local options. There is another Radisson hotel directly accross the road from this one, and I reckon the rooms are a shade better there. Prices seem to be much of a muchness.I think the Kenilworth is best suited to the short-stay business traveller (particularly if the company is picking up the tab and value for money isn't so much of an issue!) Hope this helps.... :)- Lips	
Jan 12 2006	Excellent hotel	My daughter-in-law and I stayed here for four days and I am very impressed with staff, food and the location. We were only about a block or two from the &quot;tube&quot;, and just down the street from the British Museum. There is even a Starbucks just down the street across from the museum. The staff helped us whenever we had questions and handled our overseas telephone calls quickly. I would return again. It is for the business traveler, but it made no difference in the way we were treated. We were only there for breakfast and then left for the day.	
Jan 5 2006	Loved this hotel	this hotel was basically a delight. the room was small, but no problem. guests in hotels only sleep in their rooms and spend most of the rest of their waking hours NOT in their rooms.I especially liked the west view out on to the roof and side of an adjacent building.Food in dining room was good and hotel was in a wonderful location re transportation, shopping, British Museum.	
Jan 3 2006	Very positive experience	We booked this hotel despite reading some of the rather negative comments that had been posted as we got a very reasonable deal from lastminute.com for New Year's Eve.We booked a &quot;Deluxe Double&quot; room and this is exactly what we got. King size bed, quiet (facing interior courtyard), clean, good bathroom and the room in general was a good size for central London and tastefully decorated.We were swiftly checked in by a trainee who was polite and efficient. All other contact with staff was similarly without any cause for complaint.Location was excellent as others have mentioned. Based on this experience we would definitely stay again.n.b. breakfast at £16.50 is overpriced. There are plenty of cheaper and superior breakfast options in the vicinity.	
Dec 30 2005	good bad and ugly	Just returned from 8 nights over Christmas as the Kenilworth. Booked a Deluxe Double lastminute with Lastminute and paid 98 pounds per night incl VAT. given the price and location of the hotel I suppose I cannot really complain despite the serious problems this hotel has with some of its staff and customer service.Upon checkin I was told by the front desk attendant (Alyssa?) that my 'request' for a king bed in a deluxe double was not assured. I produced a printout of the reservation confirmation, including a description of room/bed type (from the Radissons own web page)She smiled sweetly and proceeded to check us in.We went up to our room on the first floor. She had given us a standard double with dirty, torn carpet and a microscopic bed and bathroom. Individuals on the second level of the double decker buses outside had a good view into our room.I went back down to reception and explained the situation to a trainee who agreed to contact his manager. The woman who booked us in had vanished. The following day we were moved into a more comfortable room. Still no king bed (as advertised) but never mind.Christmas dinner we had reservations at a nice restaurant in Mayfair. We called reception to ask for a taxi. When we arrived at the lobby we found they had arranged a mini cab. Minicabs are NOT black cabs. they rarely know where they are going and pretty much charge what they want. Having lived in London I knew this. As we were already running late we agreed to take the mini.It took almost 30 minutes of circling until finally I directed the driver to our restaurant. He insisted it was on Park Lane despite my having a business card to the contrary. This cost us 20 pounds. On our way home we took a black cab. This cost us 10.60, took less than 10 minutes and caused us zero aggravation.When we checked out, our mini bar tab was wrong. They had failed to charge us for beer we had taken. Not wanting the housekeeping staff (who were very friendly and almost made up for front desk staff) to pay for this oversight, I brought it to the receptionists attention.He then asked us if we need a taxi and proceeded with (you guessed it) the mini cab hardsell. He assurred us that it was about the same price as taking a Black cab and the Heathrow Express from Paddington. he misquoted the price of the express train in an attempt to sway us. Given that it was approaching lunch hour as we were leaving it would have also taken much longer on congested roads than aboard a high speed train. Even assuming the minicab driver knew where to go.London is a great place and the Kenilworth is perfectly located within walking distance of many of the best attractions and shopping. There is so much to do you will not have to spend much time in your hotel anyway. This is why we took a chance staying here and did not pay a premium for a better hotel.Be warned however that you may have to battle for what you want (or are already entitled to) and check your bills. Avoid the mini cabs that they will try to sell you and opt for professionalism and security that you are assured if you travel by black cab. better yet save some cash and buy a travel card!Across the road is a very cool turkish restaurant and there is a lovely cafe doing great breakfasts for 5 pounds (versus the 17 pounds charged by the hotel)Enjoy London!	
Dec 10 2005	Service ! hello?	Most disappointed by the poor service offered at reception. We have ccomplained to Radisson and strongly suggested that they review their staff training methods. Complete indifference and lack of interest seemed to be the order of the day and we were given the distinct impression that anything we asked for was too much trouble for the staff on duty which included the porter and duty clerk too busy talking to each other.As a London tourist guide and Travel journalist, we simply will not accept this practise which is ruining this hotel's reputation and is more reminiscent of hotels in the former soviet union times.We hope that Radisson's response will put this hotel back on track	
Nov 22 2005 	Nice room staff pleasant reasonable value	I booked in to an executive double room (410). Room was nicely decorated and had one of the most comfy beds i've stayed in. Despite a checkout facility via the TV every time i tried this it failed. Room service was not too bad, they estimated 25 mins however it took 45, and the menu was very limited 4-5 dishes for starter main and pudding. Room was quiet which i was concerned about as its on a major ldn road. This may have been due to it being on the 4th floor. All in all not a bad hotel, but nothing really special either. Reception was efficient, however no help offered with bags. One thing i didnt like was the soap dispensers in the bathroom. When you're paying 100 pounds+ a room a night surely its not too much to ask to provide a bit of soap?	
Oct 30 2005	theatre break	We stayed for 1 night - Reception was quick and efficient. We were able to check in earlier, which meant we could drop off our bags in our room.We had to use the room key to operate the lift - this seemed to have caused a problem with different people who were unable to make their keys work. We had to help a few groups - ours worked OK.The room was small but clean with a sloped roof - we both banged our heads. The bathroom was very small with no shower, just a hand held shower attached to the taps, which you couldn't use as a shower as there was no shower curtain and a sloping roof. We booked online - the price given didn't include Tax, so we had to pay this at the hotel. Not good value for what you got.Hotel is in a good location but it's sister hotel across the road is better.	
Oct 24 2005 	Better than I expected after reading reviews	After reading the reviews on the site I was expecting a shabby shoe-box room, but I was pleasantly surprised. I stayed for one night for prior to a job interview. The rooms are not huge but were comfortable and size to be expected, given the very central location. And my room was very quiet. The bathroom had a double shower, a bit lean on amenities.The location is great - close to the Tube, shopping, Soho and theatre. I had breakfast included in my room price, and it was easily arranged in-room at no additional cost, and the food quailty was good. For the price, compared to other hotels i have stayed at in London, I found the value for money better than average.	
Sep 26 2005	Honey they shrank the rooms !	Booked this through last minute[-]Everything was fine, good facilities and clean, but the room was tiny, and the bed way below my idea of a double - for two normal size adults it's way too small. The skill of the designers in getting everything to fit is remarkable and my only comparable experience has been on channel ferries!The decor and the public areas are fine and the location is great, but to call our broom cupboard a double room is stretching it a bit.I would use it as a single room but would not stay again as a couple.	
Aug 14 2005	Elegant with problems	Beautiful hotel in a great location. It seems like it is more suited to business travelers and not families. They have the smallest rooms I've ever seen. My wife and i could not walk past each other at the same time in any part of the room. My 3 daughters shared a room and it was a nightmare. Air-conditioning didn't work, had to move them 3 times. 110v outlet didn't work, heated towel bars didn't work. For a 4 star hotel they should check and make sure all of the amenities they advertise are working. The food was excellent, the staff was friendly at times but during the entire room switch of 3 times they were somewhat cold and made it appear it was our fault. A bit disappointed for the price you pay.	
Aug 2 2005	Not Awful (Quite)	I booked a room for two nights cheaply with lastminute - 55 GBP per night for a single room without breakfast. I requested a non-smoking room. When I arrived, I was told that no non-smoking rooms were available (actually, I ended up in three that night!). Then, after making a fuss they said I could have one without a bath but with a shower (I'd never asked for a bath in the first place). The room was tiny as everyone says, like a ship's cabin. The decor was truly awful. The walls are nicotine-coloured (really!) with wall-paper which was peeling off the walls, the carpets and and fabrics were similarly gross to my mind but then this is a matter of taste to a large extent. The decor is very old-fashioned (can't imagine why it's called contemporary) with dark wood and various shades of brown. The bathroom, though, was actually quite nice and had a loud-speaker you could pipe the TV soundtrack into. Everything was clean as others have said. The room, however, was ABSOLUTELY freezing. This was July too. When I phoned reception to say that the heating wasn't working they told me to wait half an hour to see if it warmed up. I ate dinner (this was pretty good actually, but only three different dishes are available room service after 10pm). I phoned back again and somebody told me that the heating never usually worked (!) and they would call me back. I waited half an hour and called them again. A different person answered and offered to show me two other alternative rooms but said that they 'would probably be just as cold'. I selected the least freezing of the three rooms and settled down for the night. The bed was very short - I am only 5 foot 6 and my toes were still at the edge of the bed. Otherwise it was comfortable and I did have a fairly good nights sleep. In the morning breakfast (at 15 pounds per head) was at least cooked, which seems to be very rare in London hotels these days. The organisation, however, was hysterical - everything ran out, I was seated under a cold air-vent, I was brought a single cup of coffee which soon got cold (every other table had cafetieres - the second morning I got wise and ordered one myself). The second morning I was seated at a bench covered with bread-crumbs and the waiter watched as I brushed them off so I could sit down. My worst experience of all at the hotel was with the chamber-maids. I left my 'do not disturb' light on while I went to the gym early one morning and came back to find the maid halfway through cleaning the room. She had just ignored the light, gone in anyway and started cleaning. Then when I asked her to go so that I could get showered and changed for breakfast, she huffily left her bucket propping the door open (I had to move it myself so I could shut my room door) and dirty cups and glasses soaking in the hand-basin which I had to remove in order to clean my teeth. Additionally the lifts hardly worked at all. In summary, this place is not completely awful - the location is good, it is mostly clean, the food actually is quite good when you finally get to it, the staff are not horrible (with the exception of one chamber-maid!) but it's really a bit like Fawlty Towers. The right hand doesn't know what the left hand is doing and there seems to be no controlling mind. My stay was just about bearable for the reduced price I paid, but if I had paid the normal rates of around 100 pounds per night then I would have been really furious.If you have a choice, go somewhere else. If you are already condemned to come here then be very strict with them. Complain immediately if something is wrong with the room or if you are treated badly. It really isn't a four-star hotel to my mind. I had stayed at the Holiday Inn Express at Wandsworth the previous week and (with the exception of the cooked breakfast and the location) had a much better experience for a lower price.	
Jun 12 2005 	Very small rooms not good value	Checked in to the smallest room I have ever seen - triangular in shape, with the single bed filling the longest side! Very claustrophobic, with only frosted glass window, noisy air conditioning, and you had to strain your neck to see the TV. When I complained after 1 very uncomfortable night, I was upgraded to a marginally larger room - one you could actually swing a cat in, although entering and exiting the bathroom was difficult because of the angle of the door.Breakfast content was good, but service not - the scrambled eggs had run out and I was told in a very surly fashion it would be 20 minutes before replacement could be expected and the coffee arrived just as I needed to leave.The access to the lift is by key and works very erratically. The only good things I could say is that the hotel was clean and in a good location. For the cost I would normally expect much more and there are much better options in London.	
Jun 12 2005 	Great Location - incredibly small rooms	Can't fault the hotels location close to all major sites. Three of us stayed there and all the rooms were really tiny - in one case the room was only just big enough to put the ironing board up! However the hotel was clean, staff were helpful and breakfast was good.	
Mar 28 2005	Great Location! Very Small Rooms.	Two friends, my partner and I stayed at the Radisson Edwardian Kenilworth over the Easter break for one night. We booked it through Lastminute.We thought £80.00 per couple for the night was very reasonable for a 4 star hotel in a great location just down the road from the British Museum.We arrived 2 hours early to ask if we could leave our luggage until our rooms were ready. The very polite and friendly receptionist informed us that our rooms were ready straight away, which I must say is the first time this has happened at any of the dozen or so hotels we have stayed at over the last couple of years!Our friends went off to their room and us to ours. Our room was very tastefully decorated but a little on the small side. The bathroom was quite large and very well laid out. We were reasonably impressed with our room. The only major downside to the room was that the air conditioning was very noisy even when switched off?!?Our friends, however, had a room at the other side of the hotel which can only be described as a former broom cupboard. It was just big enough for the queensize bed but not too much else. The bathroom was very, very small and very cramped. To be honest we would have given the hotel just 3 points if not for the fantastic location!!	
Feb 8 2005	A reasonably priced hotel in a good location	My husband and I travelled to London for a week-end with 3 other friends. We booked the hotel through easyjet's hotel website for GBP95 (double room) and GBP80 (single room) including taxes and breakfast. Compared to other hotels we stayed at in Central London, the Kenilworth's advantages were:1. V.good location for Oxford Str, Covent Garden, China Town and Soho (all within 5-15 mins walking distance).2. Reasonable price.3. Good breakfast (including fresh fruit and decent quality cappuccinos).4. Good service (esp. Iwona who waited at tables at breakfast!).5. The hotel's been renovated quite recently. The design is modern, streamlined and uncluttered (which in my opinion was the best option for such small sized rooms).Disadvantages:1. V.small bedrooms and bathrooms (however, it did not come as a surprise - after all it's Central London). On the other hand the bedrooms' design was rather elegant, modern and unfussy (with comfortable beds). The bedrooms and bathrooms were unusually clean compared to those at some other London hotels. 2. Totally packed (but clean and nicely designed) breakfast room which resulted in us having to wait about 10-15 minutes for a table. All in all, the hotel offers a good price/quality ratio.	
Jan 23 2005	Quasi-Boutique Well Located Good Value Four Star	I booked this hotel through the &quot;lastminute&quot; website for a special romantic weekend, at the weekend rate of GBP80 per night in January 2005. I am a London resident and fancied trying out a new part of town for a change.It was booked as a &quot;top secret&quot; hotel, that is I received the discount as I did not know for sure the name of the hotel I would be allocated, however, by quickly comparing the photo on lastminute with the photos shown on expedia I was able to work out which hotel was being offered at this bargain rate. Usually a standard room would cost in the region of GBP120 per night, so I saved 30%.I chose the location close the British Museum, Tottenham Court Road and the vibrant alternative nightlife of Soho, Old Compton Street, Chinatown and the West End Theatre district.The hotel has been recently renovated with an exotic Asian theme, lending a quasi-boutique feel to the place. With air conditioning throughout (which worked well in January, not sure how good this would be in August), free net access in the lobby (PC available, though often occupied). WiFi is available, however I left my laptop at home so cannot comment on its effectiveness.The lobby is bright and modern, and a reception desk was opened for me despite there being only one person in line in front. Check in agent was friendly, though seemed not to be concentrating; I had to ask for a Sunday Times twice during check in, in the end I received a specifically not requested Saturday Times as well. The Guardian and Observer are complimentary. I requested a quieter room facing the dowdy service courtyard as the road-facing rooms were reputed to be noisy in the mornings on previous reviews, and this was accommodated without any fuss.I entered the rather small, slow lift which requires key access to access the floors; my key did not work so I had to get it revalidated and this occured twice during my stay which was frustrating.By international standards I would probably have been disappointed with the size of the standard double room I had booked; it would have been great for one person, not really big enough for two if you had a lot of luggage and were looking forward to a stay longer than two nights. But with the high price of real estate in London you get what you pay for in terms of square footage and at this rate I had no complaints.I requested extra towels, bathrobes and feather pillows from housekeeping; these arrived promptly and with a smile, however the new pillows were not feather, so I suffered foam pillows.Having brought a bottle of champagne from home, I asked room service for a bucket of ice and this arrived in a similarly speedy fashion.There were no lamps in the room, and lights were either bright, or prison security light grade; I popped out and bought some candles for softer ambience in the evenings!TV was small and had only a few channels (seven or eight) though there was a minibar and tea/coffee making facilities. Beds were average, sheets similarly so. This was no Westin Heavenly bed by any stretch.Bathroom was marble, but as mentioned in other reviews, slightly stained in some areas. It was spotlessly clean, bath and shower both worked well, and a nice feature was the louspeaker for the TV which was helpful. The expel fan did not work so it got steamy without the door open.Was irritated by the knock of a chambermaid at 0930 the next morning, despite having flicked the automated DO NOT DISTURB sign - it transpired the bulb was out and so it was not registering as lit.The restaurant is much vaunted, but looked very &quot;Holiday Inn&quot; to me; when we returned at midnight on Saturday the bar was full and nowhere to sit down so we retired to the room. Plenty of eateries in the vicinity and a few good local supermarkets very close by for bottles of water and other essentials. Breakfast (food trough style) was served only until 1000am on Saturdays, 1030am on Sundays, so we repaired to the Charlotte Street Hotel across the Tottenham Court Road which served an excellent organic English Breakfast in stylish surroundings and for GBP18 per person, just a pound more than the Radisson.In summary, this renovated Radisson is one of the best of the group's London four star hotels, with some great rates on offer through third party agents. It has a good location, competent staff and facilities for the rates charged, but is not a &quot;destination&quot; hotel and although my stay was satisfactory, the room was small and not somewhere in which I would like to spend a long holiday. Great for a weekend break if you want an economical four star hotel, and plan to be out of the room sampling the many attractions in the vicinity.	
Dec 15 2004	Don't stay there!		
Nov 3 2004	Radisson Kenilworth		
Jun 28 2004	Great customer service		
May 14 2004	Roasting bed but nice double shower touch!		
Mar 15 2004	Let down by poor standards of service		
Mar 13 2004	Decent choice near the British Museum		
Jan 4 2004	Avoid all the Radisson Edwardians hotels in London UK		
Aug 13 2003	Solid choice solid location		
Jul 10 2003	Nice Rooms and a Good Location		
Jun 10 2003	lovely little gem		
May 11 2009 	dipende...		
Apr 15 2009 	Sehr gutes Hotel sehr hohe Qualität		
Apr 15 2009 	Poca professionalità e cortesia in un quattro stelle che ne vale due ....		
Jan 4 2009 	Tutto ok Radisson Edwardian Kenilworth		
Sep 16 2008 	Situación magnifica hotel regular		
Aug 29 2008 	Personnel très serviable		
Aug 24 2008 	mal atención		
Aug 30 2007 	Un buen hotel		
