Nov 16 2009 	Luxury room at a good price for a fun city weekend	I experienced this hotel over a weekend so I don't think it is representative of what it is like on the weekday when there are lots of business travelers. The room was a little dark but very cool and comfortable and I loved the bath products. I didn't use many of the many ammenities that the hotel has to offer but they were all available.	
Nov 14 2009 	Great hotel; exceptional service	This is an impeccably kept hotel, with some great features in the building.It's in the business district so you will get better rates at the weekend and it's close enough to the major attractions to still be convenient. Only downside, the restuarant is closed at weekends (but very good alternatives recommended).Katrina was great about making our wedding anniversary special - thank you. Great package to upgrade (champagne, chocs, rose petals etc.); recommend this if you are planning something special. Generally the service was without fault, everything was exceptionally well attended to and timed; including room service breakfast ordered for 9:45 and delivered at 9:45 exactly! Perfect service.	
Nov 2 2009 	Fantastic Hotel - Really Helpful Staff - Stunning Room - Top Breakfast	Stayed here with my wife as a birthday treat for her. We were given a double upgrade to a suite which was amazing. Staff had put a card and chocolates in the room with petals on the bed......made to feel very special!!!!	
Nov 1 2009 	Wonderfully luxurious	Spending the night at this hotel was one of the best decisions me and my husband have made. The only problem we had was finding the hotel, the exterior is quite discreet. The service upon arrival was very welcoming and the room was bigger then expected. The view wasn't great, but didn't spoil the night. Having room service available 24 hours came in handy when we were able to order dinner at 11pm.We didn't get the chance to make use of the bar or restaurant while we were there, so we'll have to book for longer next time!	
Nov 1 2009 	Fantastic mid-honeymoon break	We stayed here mid-way through our honeymoon before we travelled up to Scotland. We booked the hotel through 'last minute. com' and their 'secret hotels' option (easy to know which hotel it is if you just google the description), and we got a fantastic rate. The hotel and rooms are very nice, the photos don't really do it justice, our room was very plush with a huge bed, and walk in shower. We also sampled the room service on a couple of occasions, the breakfast in bed was delicious. All food is cooked in the adjacent Michelin star Bonds restaurant so is pretty amazing. Location wise, personally I thought it was amazing for our onward travel needs, also as it's in the business / financial district, at weekends you'll find it nice and quiet. It located in a very grand area of London but is within easy reach of some of the cultural attractions such as St. Pauls, Tate Modern, Design Museum, etc.Overall I would definitly recommend this hotel to others as a short city break.	
Oct 28 2009 	A small paradise within the Banking District of London	I simply adore this place since the first time I have had the pleasure of staying in London. It is the only hotel I have ever cared to rest my head in when I am there. Thank you Threadneedles for creating a cozy enviroment for me and my husband.	
Oct 26 2009 	Beautiful hotel with some really nice touches	I met my wife here on a Saturday for a one night stay after she'd been to a conference in the city and I was able to leave the kids with the grand parents. Although slightly tricky to find by car on this particular weekend (mainly as the road was closed for construction work on a building up the road) it's ideally suited for the tube which is yards down the road from Bank station. At weekends this part of the city is dead (even the hotel restaurant is shut) so you need to get the tube for food or shopping but it's all just a short ride away and not a big deal for us. The reception area is beautifully appointed and all you could hope for in a five star. There is an honesty bar around the central area (well stocked and a really nice touch) with sofas, chairs and tables and complementary magazines with a beautiful stained glass domed ceiling which is very impressive. The hotel bar is equally well appointed with contemporary furniture and moody lighting and I can definitely recommend the cocktails.The rooms are well sized with more contemporary furniture and an excellent bathroom including a TV you can watch whilst in the bath - nice! There are tea and coffee making facilities which I always like as some of the other five stars I've stayed in expect you to order room service very time you want a hot drink.Breakfast was taken in Bonds the attached restaurant which really is a great space. Huge ceilings and great architecture match the award winning breakfast which offers huge choice and generous portions (always important on a Sunday morning).The service throughout the stay was very good and I'd be happy to stay there again. We got a good late deal on lastminute.com but I think if I'd have paid the full price I'd have felt short changed. The main reason being there was no spa, gym or swimming pool which I would have definitely used if there had been one but you can get room treatments if you fancy a massage. There is a Virgin gym around the corner which we could have used and surprised they don't offer a day membership through the hotel or at least mention it on booking in.On the whole really enjoyed the stay and will definitely consider staying again if a good deal comes up again.	
Oct 20 2009 	Amazing stay	We ended up getting a romantic package for the weekend. They managed to upgrade our room from an executive to a suite. It was absolutely amazing! The rooms are lush and the breakfast was amazing. They had classical music on the radio when we walked in!	
Oct 18 2009 	Great gem in the city	Stayed at Threadneedles twice now and each occasion had a really great stay. Attentive staff, good size rooms and amenities. The bed was large and comfortable pillows and duvets. Also, the housekeeping staff had noticed that it was our anniversary, and rose petalled the whole room and bathroom when we returned. Only downside is of course it's in the centre of the city so, bars/restaurants need to be thought about in advance as at a weekend the environ is dead. Saying that the hotel does do a great range in cocktails, and your not far from getting to places.	
Sep 24 2009 	stay at this hotel !!!!!!!	We stayed on our wedding night &amp; found petals scattered around, chocolates &amp; a card - all from hotel !!!!what a place, great location in the city - especially weekends - no office workers around !rooms are really well appointed, the main reception / lobby is knockout, staff are tremendous very courteous &amp; friendly - not at all intimidating.Great breakfast ( in bed ) - wish we could have stayed longer.	
Sep 19 2009 	FABULOUS	We booked hotel for our anniversary as part of a package to see Sister Act. Friendly and attentive staff, attention to detail in the room is excellent. Had wanted to eat in the restaurant but couldn't as we wouldn't have made it across London for the show as the restaurant didn't open until 6pm, which surprised us. Comfortable bed, great toiletries, excellent bathroom. My husband enjoys his food said it was the best breakfast he'd ever had. Fantastic domed ceiling in reception. Just loved it all. To make it truly exceptional at weekends when the hotel isn't as busy a 12 O'clock check out should be the norm. 11am on a romantic break is a bit early especially as housekeeping knocked at 11.01am and asked us how long we'd be!If they could start serving dinner at 5.30pm for pre-theatre and later check-outs they'd be onto a winner.	
Sep 17 2009 	Very impressed	I recently spent the weekend in London en route back to Australia while my husband was still travelling. Because of its location in the City of London financial district, Threadneedles offers very competitive weekend rates and its proximity to the Tube, buses, etc . make it convenient for shopping and other attractions. The staff were efficient, courteous and helpful and the room very comfortable, modern and spacious, particularly by London standards. While the attached restaurant is closed on the weekends, the room service was very good (breakfast was excellent) and promptly delivered. A most pleasant experience.	
Sep 14 2009 	Abhorrent Service at an Otherwise Great Hotel	This boutique hotel has great rooms and is very well-located for the business traveller with meetings in the City. But, for such a nice hotel, the service is inexcuseably awful. The concierge has no knowledge of the area and can't recommend lunch or dinner places on weekends or at night. Room service orders are botched. Laundry sent out only comes back on time when you threaten not to pay. Wake-up calls come late. (A wake-up call set for 6 am came at 6:30, and the called said, &quot;Whoopsie! Are you awake?&quot;) Cars ordered do not arrive. The housekeeping staff is overly aggressive and intrusive. I would recommend this hotel only (a) if you're stuck in the city; and (b) if the Andaz or Apex is booked! This could be a great hotel, but management needs to pull it together.	
Sep 10 2009 	Highly Recommended! 5 stars at a great price!	My husband and I stayed at the Threadneedles for three nights before going to Portugal. It was a great hotel - I have nothing bad to say about the facility. The lobby is beautiful, our room was spotless, spacious, and the bathroom was gorgeous. A beautiful large shower and soaker tub! The only complaint we had was that the men at the front desk were &quot;decorative, not functional&quot;. They all looked like GQ models, however; they didn't seem to know the city and could not answer any of our basic questions! Thankfully we had done our research and didn't really need their help. The hotel is located in the middle of the financial district so on weekends it is a ghost town. However, because of it's non-touristy location, you can find some great prices online (we got our third night free!). The tube is right across the street and we were able to take the tube from the airport directly to the hotel!	
Sep 5 2009 	Fabulous weekend stay	The hotel is in the heart of the City of London - it is much more peaceful than the West End at the weekend which is packed with tourists at this time of the year. We took taxis which were plentiful but Bank tube station is nearby. Lovely area for wandering around - the buildings are stunningly beautiful. Spitalfields market is within strolling distance - on Sunday there is an Art and Design market which is brilliant and very different to a normal market. Although the hotel restaurant wasn't open at the weekend, the bar did very good tapas and cocktails. The hotel staff were genuinely friendly and helpful. The hotel itself is beautiful and the room was one of the best we have ever stayed in - the tv in the bathroom was a great novelty. Plentiful toiletries, including bath salts and a bath duck, dressing gown and slippers. There was even a large umbrella which luckily we didn't need. Freshly squeezed orange juice for breakfast and great coffee. I would really recommend this hotel for a quiet romantic weekend break.	
Aug 20 2009 	Top boutique hotel excellent value at week-ends	We managed to get a very good deal here including an updgrade to a suite (Hilary) and the deal was excellent value for money. As others have stated this part of London (City) is dead at week-ends hence the very good rates. Also this means that the hotel restaurant (Bonds) is closed so you need to find somewhere else to eat, however this isn't a problem as number of nice places to eat nearby - Spitalfields is a short stroll away on a nice evening (I actually love the City when it's quiet) or a short hop in a taxi. The bar is still open at week-ends, stunning to look at but might be pretty empty, good for a cocktail before you head out and serves amazing Mojito's (although not cheap and if you charge to your room a 12.5% service will be added automatically). Spitafields market is also well worth a visit on a Sunday when all the stalls are open. Overall a beautiful hotel and a great experience - perfect for a romantic break, stunning design, v.comfortable beds, and one of the best full English breakfasts anywhere (although service at breakfast was a bit hit or miss).	
Aug 12 2009 	Not bad but better value elsewhere?	Enjoyed my stay here. Couple of small negative points. Booked a double room which ended up being two twins shoved together with a noticeable bump down the middle - not ideal for a romantic night! Also (as I note another reviewer here noted) they needed two phone calls to respond to requests, when surely one should suffice at a hotel of this class. Morning paper missing too. I know these can seem like small grumbles, but when you pay for a hotel of this class you expect these basic things to work seamlessly. I left comparing this to my stay at the Cavendish which I loved and where I felt service was better. I know which one I will be staying at next time.	
Aug 9 2009 	Extremely comfortable quiet and amazing value	Got a late booking and so a great deal, and we were upgraded as well. Living locally and knowing London very well we really appreciate the location and the comparatively high standards. Lobby which is old bank HQ - huge and beautiful space topped by stained glass dome. Great first impression. Room was directly on Threadneedle street but very quiet on a Saturday night, and probably midweek because of the double glazing. Service was friendly, efficient and refreshingly discrete. Bed was delightfully comfortable and bathroom extremely good. Room much better than a Marriot and we feel better than the Four Seasons Canary Wharf which is old tattty and overpriced. Parking may need to be NCPmidweek but not so at weekends where there are spaces to be found nearby in city side streets. In summary an extremely good night, slept deeply in great comfort, and so excellent value for money.	
Jul 28 2009 	Home away from home.	Threadneedles is centrally located in The City of London in an historic building that has been elegantly updated while being very mindful of it's history.The entire staff is very knowledgable, and attentive to details.Thanks for an enjoyable stay away from home.	
Jul 23 2009 	Everything you would expect of a 5* hotel	Opulent, stunning and everything you would expect of a central London Hotel. Threadneedles is a stunning luxury 5 * hotel opposite the bank of England. Stunning spacious bedrooms and bathrooms. High quailty towels, bedding and extras. dressing gowns, slippers and turn down in the evening. Totally centrally placed for enjoying the sights of London, without the hustle and bustle. Excellent food and service. Beautiful quiet bar which is used by others during the evening. The reception doubles as library and relaxation area, if your able to take your eyes from the stunning glass ceiling. Fantastic	
Jul 15 2009 	Very Pleasant Stay	Stayed in the Threadneedles Hotel in June with my partner on a weekend break. Hotel was very close to Bank of England &amp; 2 - 3 mintue walk to Bank tube station. As other reviewers have mentioned there is not alot of shops or resturants ect but with the tube being so close &amp; Tower Bridge &amp; Liverpool Street Station within walking distance you will find something.The hotel itself is lovely, beautiful dome ceiling in the lobby &amp; the honestly bar is a wonderful idea (as long everyone is honest &amp; doesnt put your room number down insted of theres!) We opted for the Breakfast in bed and were not disapointed. Fresh Fruit, Toast, Jams, Full English Breakfast &amp; Muffins were delicious.We stayed in an executive room of which we were upgraded from a double deluxe, bed was very comfortable &amp; the bottle of water upon turn down was lovely idea.The bathroom was quite big &amp; had a tv in it, which is a fab idea if you want to sit in the huge bath and watch tv at the same time! The little rubber duck which reads 'please take me home' it a nice touch.I would recommend this hotel to anyone - its clean &amp; the staff are always friendly &amp; you always get your breakfast on time! Result. Well worth the money!	
Jul 6 2009 	really good	We only stayed for one night as we had an engagement to attend in the city that evening and decided to stay nearby. The hotel was very good and I thought the rooms were designed very well. Nice touches like bottles of water at turn down and even the newspaper had it's own bag! There was a TV in the bathroom and the toiletries were very nice and plentiful. We also had a good breakfast with very good service. The bed was very comfortable too. Overall really good.	
Jun 25 2009 	A pleasant experience	The hotel was beautiful, the staff was very helpful, and the bartenders at Bonds were very accommodating, if not particularly social. The location was conveniently a short walk of three blocks away from my office, but, being in the City of London, the area was decidedly dead on the nights and weekend.	
Jun 6 2009 	Amazing hotel!	What a wonderful hotel! We got an excellent three night deal via Expedia. Room was beautiful and the bed was the best one we have ever slept in. Hotel staff were professional but welcoming. Free newspaper and bottled water delivered to the room. The bathroom even had a television! Lovely shampoo, bodywash, etc. The only minor niggle was that our room hadn't been serviced by 3pm when we wanted to watch the FA Cup Final.The hotel has an honesty bar for residents so you can have a drink underneath the beautiful dome. Drinks are expensive but well worth it for the atmosphere.Nearest tube is Bank but Liverpool Street station is only 10 minutes walk away. The City is quiet at weekends but you can easily reach other areas and the weekend is the best time to see the City of London.	
May 31 2009 	Great place for a special occasion	Stayed overnight on their &quot;romantic package&quot; - special weekend deal for a hotel that is aimed primarily at the business user during the week. Champagne and chocolates in room, flower petals on bed etc - all exactly as promised.Located almost next door to the Bank of England - not the usual spot for a leisure hotel, and very understated from the outside, so much so that you don't realise it's a hotel at all. Once inside it's luxury throughout, with excellent service. The lobby has a massive stained glass dome, where you can sit and gaze upwards, whilst using their honesty bar.Rooms excellent (although we did get a free upgrade to an executive suite, so they may not all be quite as big).Well located for attractions such as Tower of London, although at weekend restuarants can be hard to come by in the vicinity. Try Northbank on the Thames by the Millenium Bridge.	
May 25 2009 	Nice Hotel just need to remember cutlery!	We booked the hotel via lastminute.com and it was one of their 'top secret hotels'The hotel was nice and staff seemed friendly enoughDue to the fact the hotel was near the Bank of England and we stayed at a weekend, it was very quiteI loved the fact i could watch the telly in the bathroom whilst having a relaxing soak in the bath Our booking didn't include breakfast so we thought as a treat due to our trip being for our anniversary we would order room service for breakfast (we went for bacon sandwiches and croissants)The food came and was hot but there was no cutlery other than teaspoons, so we rang reception to get something sent up.... it didn't happen and our breakfast would have been cold if we had waited.... believe me, trying to cut and butter a croissant with a teaspoon is not the easiest!Other than the breakfast mishap we both really enjoyed the stay	
May 22 2009 	FABULOUS HOTEL- NEEDS TO WORK ON THE SERVICE	We stayed here one night for a wedding that was next door.When we phoned to ask about an extra bed for our daughter no mention of a charge was made, we phoned twice. Both times we were told as long as we booked a bigger room we could have a cot.When we arrived we were asked if we wanted twin beds, we said no we requested a king bed and a roll away cot for the child. We were told it would be and extra 50 pounds!We were taken to our room, and it had twin beds. We were in a hurry to get to the wedding so were willing to make do! We then got a phone call apologizing for the mix up and they would move us to the room next door which was the room we had booked and paid for, and they would give us the bed at no charge for our inconvenience!When we went to check out the next morning.. we were told we had to pay 50 pounds for the bed! We explained to the woman what had transpired the previous day.. she just kept saying NO! As if it was not what had happened???We finally spoke to the manager, who made it obvious he did not believe us but he was going to waive the charge!We left with a bad impression of the hotel though it was absolutely gorgeous and wonderfully appointed!	
May 13 2009 	The best hotel experience ever	The hotel was simply great, from the moment you enter the lobby until you you reach your room; you are simply pampered all the way. A new bottle of water on daily basis, the cleanest sheets ever and bathroom. The guidance and tips the reception staff offered me as a tourist in London was great and to the point and actually they allowed me to save money in relation to transportation fees and which way to take to reach my destinations.	
Apr 11 2009 	Wow. I don't want to go 3* again!	I only stayed one night, and booked the hotel on Friday for Friday, my original hotel booking at another hotel had falled through.The location for the hotel is fantastic - right in the centre of the city within 2m walk of bank and within a 10m bus ride of the value and nice restaurants of the east end - think Indian food. It's also a place where you can get to Oxford Street by tube or bus withtout a problem.The hotel itself; I was totally blown away by the quality of the decor and the furnishings. I had a double room - which my invoice has marked as &quot;LUX&quot; (which I'm assuming was luxury) but I think I was booking 'standard'. Perhaps it was a free upgrade - who knows.The room looked like it belonged in an upmarket house and didn't look like a hotel room at all. The things that stood out for me in the hotel werea. The bed linen was all fresh and high quality. THere was none of this white sheet that you usually get between you and the actual duvet (a short cut for hotel staff to keep their covers cleaner for longer). The bed was super comfortable - I had a backache that had persisted for a week, but the bed let me drift off within minutes of trying to sleep.b. We left the room for 1hour to get something to eat, and even though we'd messed the bed up just unpacking - housekeeping had come in and retidyied it!!! I was so blown away. And they left complimentary sparkling water and still water too.c. The toiletries were just lovely and great becuase we got a chance to freshen up before we left the hotel and there was enough for 2 - 3 showers without needing a replacement.d. The ambience of the room was lovely and there was a plasma tv in the shower (which incidentally was marble throughout).All in all, I can't find fault with the hotel and for the price I paid, I can't believe how fantastic it was. I may never stay there again, but only because I like to get a broad experience of hotels - and that means trying other hotels instead. However, if I was a frequent visitor to London, I would definitely stay there, and I have a feeling, that I was lucky to have lost my first choice hotel.I will treasure the memory of that day for a long time to come.	
Mar 9 2009 	Jewel of a property in heart of financial district	Threadneedles is truly a gem. Stayed for four nights on a recent business trip and could not have been more pleased. The staff was as helpful and attentive as any I have encountered anywhere. The rooms are well appointed and very private. An ideal location for our business in the financial district. Convenient by underground and walking to anywhere you need to go in London. St. Paul's Cathedral was an easy 10 minute walk, and the Bank tube station is a two minute stroll. The beds were incredibly comfortable and the bathroom was fantastic - marble, wonderful shower, great toiletries, etc. Shopping at nearby London Exchange is a plus.	
Jan 3 2009	good but not excellent	My boyfriend booked this hotel for my birthday, we spent two nights in a Studio room. The room was spacious, with a sitting area at the end. The room service was excellent even at 11.30 at night, although a few little niggles made this hotel just above average on my list rather than excellent.A small light above the shower fell down and live wires hung near my boyfriend currently in the shower at the time. We also found a small amount of blood on a hand towel which had obviously came from another room and accidently appeared in our clean pile!Other than this our stay was enjoyable and we would definitely go back.	
Jan 1 2009	Excellent	This hotel is smack in the middle of the city financial district so at weekends 1) in the absence of city slickers they offer good rates and (2) this historical area is blissfully peaceful. Two minutes from Bank tube station it really is a calm oasis from the bustle of the west end. Very few shops and restaurants open at weekends but nearby Liverpool Street station environs offer a bit of both. Nice, smallish double room, immaculately clean. Returning to my room one evening I interrupted the turndown service (which I am not a fan of). I mentioned this on a feedback form and the next day I received an e-mail apologising. I think this is the type of hotel that would note your preferences on their system to ensure your next visit is just how you like it. In summary I would totally and utterly recommend this hotel at weekends.	
Dec 20 2008 	Highly Recommended	I cannot speak more highly of this boutique hotel, in fact I would go as far as to say its the best hotel I have stayed in throughout the UK.From the moment you walk in the discreet entrance next to Bonds restaurant, through to the the gloriously decorated foyer with its fabulous dome you leave London behind and enter a haven of charm and peace.Their attention to detail was outstanding, from the reception desk to the immensely polite and professional staff to the fantastic touches in the rooms. The personal business cards, the bath salts and rubber duck in the bathroom, the individual him and her menus for bath times, the ipod dock, the welcomed turn down service, the dangerously soft bed, the delicious power breakfast, all led to an experience worth every penny and one I cannot wait to repeat.	
Dec 16 2008 	Fantastic bargain for a weekend in The City	I loved this hotel and my husband and I had a fantastic weekend break here earlier this year. The old banking hall is gorgeous, the rooms are luxurious and the service was excellent both times I stayed. (I had stayed on my own the previous weekend as I was having dinner with friends in London). There are also nice touches like cards suggesting a biscoti and brandy and offers of movies and popcorn in your room. The studio rooms are nicer than the suites in my view (I looked around both), as the studios are lovely large rooms, wheras the suites I looked at had 1 normal sized room with another normal sized room off it. Very kindly they upgraded us and very unusually, I asked to be downgraded back to a studio from a suite. They were very patient while I decided which to have too. At £225 + VAT for a studio on a Friday and Saturday night this was a luxurious bargain. We booked direct with the hotel. Service was attentive, fast, smooth and they didn't bat an eyelid when I phoned at 4pm and said I'd forgotten a comb and could they please buy one and leave it in my room for when I arrived at 5.30. I also love the small Threadneedles business cards showing your direct room number, very cool. As is the honesty bar. I'd stay here again, anytime, really liked it a lot.	
Dec 12 2008 	Warm and friendly	Stayed for just one night. The room was lovely and the bathroom very warm and spacious. Staff were friendly and helpful. The only disapointment was room service. The food arrived under cooked and although a new order was supposed to be on the way it never arrived. Not to worry, the bed was very comfortable and room service breakfast excellent. I would definitely stay here again for the location and warm feeling of the hotel.	
Dec 4 2008 	What a wonderful hotel!	Upon opening the front doors, you enter a truly gorgeous hotel! The foyer was constantly busy with guests at the very popular honesty bar, unfortunately we did not get chance to use this ourselves, what a fantastic idea though!The front of house team were especially welcoming on arrival asking how our journey was, if there was anything that they could do for us and a complimentary bedroom upgrade, they couldn’t do any more.The room was amazing, with of the amenities that you could wish for including bath salts. If I’d have stayed a second night I’d have taken the option to order the movie menu where you can order popcorn and ice cream and lay in their ever so comfortable beds watching movies.This hotel is ideally located for whatever you are doing in London with the tube, 2 minutes down the road.I will certainly be returning!	
Nov 24 2008 	100% Perfect	Lovely Hotel, great price, brilliant staff, great location . I promise I dont work for them.Stayed a Friday night for my wifes birthday and it was perfect. Bank tube is a few minutes walk away which means London is very accessible. Compared with other hotels of this calibre in London you are paying about 50% less, though I do believe during the week rates are higher.Must not forget the breakfast which was very good .	
Nov 10 2008 	A Memorable Evening	I booked this hotel as part of a surprise 40th birthday present for my fiance. We were not disappointed as it is lovely. The staff were friendly, polite &amp; helpful. The room was spacious, clean and had some very nice touches such as an ipod docking station, lots of reading material, very nice toiletries (including a rubber duck by the bath!) and a TV in the bathroom.  When we returned from our evening out the bed was turned down, the curtains drawn and iced water left by the bed. The only thing missing was chocolates on the pillow!  The only criticism we have regarding our stay was that for such an expensive &amp; stylish hotel there is virtually no soundproofing between the rooms. You really can hear everything that goes on next door........We would happily recommend this hotel but don't forget to pack ear plugs!Top Tip: If you intend to stay at this hotel at a weekend then you should check their rate directly. We found it is the same as through some discounted travel websites but includes breakfast.	
Sep 28 2008	Slightly disappointing	Booked at the last minute as a suprise for my partner to celebrate good news &amp; the guy on the 'phone said they could do something special. When I've previously stayed at One Aldwych we've been given a cake on my birthday or an upgrade. Nothing was provided at Threadneedles which is much emptier at the weekend. No major problems with the room ( other than uht milk): the &quot;Friday night package&quot; included champagne &amp; rose petals. The &quot;luxury chocolates&quot; turned out to be Terry's all Gold which at least gave us a laugh given all the luxury chocolate shops nearby. The food was a let down. Dinner was ok &amp; the service was good but in the morning I asked for a vegetarian breakfast &amp; was told that on our package I could have the power breakfast without meat. On taking my first mouthful of mushroom I bit into a piece of blackpudding hidden beneath it, ugh! There was no assam tea at breakfast, we were given 2 tea bags &amp; a pot of water, not what I expect at a 5 star hotel. The poached eggs were rock hard &amp; I was glad to get home &amp; make a decent pot of tea! We were thinking of booking for New Year's eve as Threadneedles is fairly local to us butafter this experience we won't be going back. As shame as there is a lot that'sgood about it.	
Sep 23 2008	Fantastic stay!	Our stay here was out of this world and felt very special.Everything was absolutely perfect - the room was amazing and the staff were really lovely.The Power Breakfast was delicious.Top marks all round! Definitely recommend it.	
Sep 22 2008 	short breaks in your home town	sometimes it's very nice to go on holiday 30mins from where you live, no hassle with airports or long car journeys, just an overnight romantic get away. threadneedles may be in the city, which is, granted, a little quiet over the weekend, but why not do what we did. a pre-dinner cocktail on the roof top of the coq d'argent followed by an amazing meal in Bonds restaurant and a most wonderfully pampered night complete with rose petals on the bed in an executive room. west end hustle and bustle is over-rated.	
Sep 8 2008 	pleasant hotel in The City	We stayed four nights in this hotel and found it to be well located, and very welcoming. All the staff were very helpful, no matter what our requests. The room was spacious, quiet and light, and the bathroom was very big. However, it was annoying to have to pay for breakfasts and internet access on top of a high room rate, unlike its competitor around the corner, the Hotel Andaz. But if you want to feel like you've stepped into a bit of London tradition, the magnificent glass dome ceiling in the lobby will set the tone straight away. The leather couches give you a feeling of being in a London 'club' and the comfort level is high throughout. It's close to plenty of London landmarks, and there are several good local dining choices, eg Gowings Wine Bar (mainly fish dishes, well cooked) and a great pub serving excellent steaks down the alleyway from the hotel (I know it's meant to be a proper street but most inner London streets seem like narrow alleys to me!) Overall, very welcoming, comfortable and relaxing.	
Aug 15 2008 	Good to so so for price	Stayed at Threadneedles for a week in August. Like other reviewers have said, if you are looking for a bustling area on the weekend, this is not the place. The streets/restaurants surrounding the hotel are quite literally bare on Saturday &amp; Sunday. The Bank tube station is nearby, so getting somewhere to eat besides room service is fairly easy on the weekend.The room was spacious, nice bed linens and towels, small tv in the bathroom is a nice touch. A fruit plate greeted us upon our arrival, apples, banana, grapes, orange and a kiwi. A few apples that I ate were replaced during my stay. Very clean overall. The pop up plug adaptor on the desk was helpful. Hotel staff was very friendly. Used room service a few times, food arrived fairly quickly. Things I didn't like so much; there was no where to plug the hair dryer in in the bathroom, bit odd I thought. Internet is not free, pricier hotels never seem to have free wireless internet, but they should. When I'm paying this price for a hotel it would be nice not to be nickeld and dimed quite so much. The key card I was given kept not working. I had to go to the front desk 4 times during my stay to have them reset my card. I've had cards stop working before but never that often. I could hear people stomping up and down the hall very well, and could hear room next door from the bathroom. All in all a nice place for sure, comfortable, but a bit underwhelming overall. Probably will not be back unless it's on the expense account.	
Aug 9 2008 	Very nice quiet hotel	Excellent hotel. Stayed only one night arriving late. Rooms are clean, and smartly appointed. Very stylish. Service was excellent. Voltage converters sent right up to the room. Only draw back is that the rooms are a bit dark. Excellent hotel for the business traveler; it is five stars. Very convenient to law firm of White &amp; Case.	
Jul 20 2008	Brilliant quality and service - still!	Stayed in the Threadneedles Hotel again and was as impressed as the first time I stayed.Brilliantly clean and well maintained it was a joy to kick back and just enjoy the room.Ate Dinner in the Bonds restaurant - great food and service. Breakfast was similarly good. Like all hotels in a commercial London district it has great weekend rates and when you look at what you get it is great value.	
Jul 10 2008 	London's hidden gem	My girlfriend and I stayed at Threadneedles for a romantic weekend in the City. The hotel is tucked away in Threadneedle Street, opposite the Bank of England in the ancient Square Mile of the City of London. The interior is stuning - highlight being a large dome of stained glass in the plush foyer. As imagined, the hotel was quiet at the weekend but well worth the visit. The room was beautiful (we were in The Terrace, which has a balcony overlooking the city!) and had been fitted out with attention to every detail. The bed was also really comfortable, and breakfast was interesting, with a good selection. Staff, both on the font desk and in the restaurant, were very friendly and helpful.If you are looking for a weekend break in the West End, this is the wrong side of town, but we were glad to be somewhere a little quieter. Threadneedles is a hidden gem in the City. Well worth a visit if you can!	
May 31 2008 	Super Chic	This hotel was super chic. It's right in the heart of the best attractions, but on small side street, that's out of the way. The reception was warm and friendly, and were happy to meet all your expectations. The room was lavish and sexy. Perfect for my first time in London, as a New Yorker. Perfect ! A great getaway.	
May 28 2008 	What a Great Stay	The hotel was great. We didn't really hang much in the lobby, and for an American visiting London, the room was a good size compared to what I have had in the past. Very shiek - almost W-esque. Clean and everything felt new. The soaking tub and shower stall (a little bit small on the shower stall) made the new bathroom outstanding. It is in the business district, so there is not a whole lot to do right around the hotel (and our 2 drinks at the Pacific Oriental across the street for 40 pounds didn't inspire us to search very hard). The Bank Station and Monument Station are right there, so you can get anywhere pretty easy. The staff was VERY helpful - making reservations and mailing us some documents that we accidentally left behind. I would definitley recommend this place.	
May 7 2008 	Threadneedles is lovely	This was a really nice hideaway hotel in the city. The room was luxurious. I thought the room service menu didnt offer much, and neither did the food on offer for dinner (all food was supplied by Bonds restaurant next door). Nevertheless, it was great.	
Mar 27 2008	A perfect boutique hotel	Quite simply this is the nicest, best value hotel I have stayed in in London. My girlfriend and i had a fantastic stay with great service at all times. we got a free room upgrade and the breakfast (which we had in the room) was superb. Lovely and quiet at the weekend and easy to get into central London. highly recommended!	
Mar 3 2008	Disappointing	Stayed with my wife between Christmas and New Year. The hotel lobby looks great and the rooms are stylish but the hotel is let down by so many things.- First room was a pain - not enough lights and the glass sliding door for the bathroom did not fit properly so no privacy- Getting breakfast was a huge pain most mornings. Did not arrive in time and got a load of rubbish on the phone when chasing. One morning I had to just give up trying to get it delivered.- A fruit plate arrived with the rotten fruit hidden by fresh fruit on topThe hotel were very helpful when water came through the bathroom ceiling - they moved us to a much larger room and gave us a free bottle of champagne, which was great. Would also not recommend as a business hotel as wireless broadband was very expensive.Prices on the website also do not include VAT, which is unusual for the UK.	
Feb 3 2008 	Bank on it.	We discovered this hotel on our last visit to London and thought it looked very nice. For our most recent trip to London, the rate for this hotel was pretty good compared to comparable West End hotels so we figured after several visits to London staying a little out of the way would be just fine for us. The hotel is very nice and attractive. The lobby has an outstanding handed painted glass dome that is very beautiful. The hotel’s contemporary décor is warm and relaxing and flows throughout the property. We had an executive room which is several room sizes up from the smallest room. It was a good size room but a little smaller then we thought it would be. The décor was great, with nice earth tones and cool looking light fixtures that gave off a soft glow. The TV was too small and placed in a tall cage that blocked your view unless you were in the bed. Although not that important to us, it should be noted that the TV channel selections also were very limited when it came to foreign stations. The room also was beginning to show some minor wear and tear. Some nice artwork was on the walls, and overall it was a pleasant room to relax in. The large limestone bathroom was very nice with separate shower, heated towel rack, and flat screen TV.The one area that needs some improvement at this hotel is service. It was very inconsistent. Since it is a small hotel, it seems the front desk staff does everything from concierge to telephone operator. Some members of the staff were very good, some were not. The turn down service was also inconsistent, but when it was done right, it was very nice with a bucket of ice, large bottle of water and a lit candle in the bathroom. We stayed for seven nights so we had the chance to experience the area during the week and weekend. It is very quiet on the weekends with almost every store in the immediate area closed. The best place to go if you need something is Liverpool Station, a ten minute walk. During the week, the area is very active during the day but gets quiet fast at night. The Bank tube station is a three minute walk with multiple lines that can put you in many tourist areas in ten minutes.If you are a first time visitor to London, you may not want to stay here. If you have been to London before, this location could work out well for you. London is a very busy and crowded city, especially in the main tourist spots. A stay at Threadneedles allows you to stay at a nice modern design hotel, in a relaxing area, yet with access to all the fun pretty quickly via a great tube system.	
Dec 14 2007 	Loved the Honesty Bar	This is without doubt the finest hotel that I have ever had the pleasure of staying in.It contrasts classical style with modern amenities in keeping with it's City of London locality.From the moment you enter the hotel from the bustle of Threadneedles Street you are enveloped in a calming opulence that both stimulates and soothes the senses. Your eyes are drawn to the magnificant stained glass dome as the attentive staff invite you to sit down as you check in. You are then guided to your room that is so superior to the ordinary that it beggars belief.But it's the touches that make this hotel so special. Like the complimentary business cards that you receive on arrival informing friends and associates that you are in residence, or the champagne, strawberries and rose petal bath that can be arranged for the romantics.And make sure you have a meal in the restaurant- Brownes, it is outstanding and one of London's best kept secrets. As is the bar wihich is a hive of activity in the early evening as brokers and bankers converge after a busy day. And if you come in late then head to the Honesty Bar and help yourself to whatever you like. And if you are honest (like me) write it down in the book and then settle into the sumptuous chairs under the dome to the gentle sound of Cafe del Mar and pass the late evening in the company of friends.This is a truely exceptional hotel, run by a great hotelier and his very friendly helpful team.	
Dec 8 2007	Didn't meet expectations	We have just come back from staying at the Threadneedles. The decor is lovely and a nice grand reception but, I have to agree with the reviewer that said this doesn't live up to its 5 star rating and the rate you pay. We had difficulties ordering room service, which then took a long time to arrive and was tiny and half cooked. For a breakfast that came to around £45 for 2 it was very disappointing. The staff generally did not live up to what a hotel of this calibre should manage including the lack of offer of help with luggage.	
Nov 23 2007 	Worth every penny	I took my girlfriend here for a special occassion and it exceeded all expectations.The Executive room was huge and the rose petals on the bed and champange on arrival certainly did the job!Staff were friendly, and as we were there on the weekend the place was very quiet which gave the place a very relaxing feel.Will definately go back.	
Nov 9 2007 	A hidden gem	The decor is wonderful, from the glass dome in the reception area to the very comfortable and well equipped bedrooms.The staff were very friendly and helpful, and made our stay most enjoyable. The location was excellent, within easy walking distance of restaurants, nightlife and the underground.The bar was always lively and bustling too.Thoroughly recommended	
Oct 15 2007 	Wonderful treat...	We stayed here for one night for our anniversary. It was a gorgeous hotel. The attention to detail was fantastic. Room service good and I highly recommend the American breakfast...mmmm...very yummy. Overall it was a real treat. The rooms were decorated beautifully, TV in bathroom was a treat (esp as the rugby semi-final was on!). Infact the room was so nice we decided to stay in instead of go out for the evening. The only thing was that I would not recommend it for children as the windows opened from the bottom up and led straight out onto a very small ledge and then onto....air! However, for us on an anniversary treat without our children it was not a problem atall. Pleasant, friendly staff and very clean. Overall 5 stars from us!	
Sep 29 2007 	Excellent 5 star hotel	We stayed for one night in the hotel, the room was good with a decent LCD TV. The bathroom was excellent with a large bath and a great walk-in shower, the LCD TV in the bathroom was also a nice touch.The breakfast was excellent and the decor of the hotel was amazing.I am hard to please but this hotel impressed me.The only thing to be aware of is at weekends in the City where this hotel is located none of the shops, cafes or restaurants are open, however it is just a tube trip to these amenities.	
Sep 22 2007 	Bring earplugs	After reading the euphoric reviews on this page I was surprised when I arrived. Heaving our heavy luggage over the entrance steps (handicapped guests beware) no one made a point of giving us any assistance. I don't want to exaggerate, it's only three steps, but well... This kind of indifference was our continuous experience. We had problems with the TV, causing some grimacing at the reception, but yes, they were resolved... after a while. The affluent twenty-something who needs a Louis Vuitton sales rep coming to her room (a service the hotel might get a hefty commission for) will be satisfied. The non-deaf might have a hard time sleeping as various London bus lines are roaring through Threadneedle street (and yes, they do have night bus lines here, too). Bring earplugs. If the bus doesn't, the twenty-somethings will keep you from sleeping.Nice soap, nice rooms, big beds. There are not many places like this in the City of London. But it must have been a long way down from what I read on this page to where I have been.	
Sep 16 2007 	Excellent	My Husbdand and I stayed at this hotel for a Saturday night in September. We have stayed in many similarly rated hotels in London and this was definately the best. We highly recommend it for tourists and business travellers. The hotel is a beautiful building both inside and out. It is lavishly decorated and the hotel has made the most of the building's period features. We booked a studio suite and were suitably impressed when we saw our room. It was very spacious, modern yet lavish decoration, and had everything you could expect from a 5 star hotel. We didn't eat in the hotel, however the restaurant looked impressive. Staff couldn't be more helpful. The hotel is quite pricey, however we would definately choose to stay in this hotel over other 5 stars in London. As it is in the heart of the City, the shops in the area are closed at weekends and it is very quiet, so it's helpful that it is so close to Bank station and it is very easy to get to all the major tourist attractions. We felt that the quality of the hotel was far superior to the 5 stars in more convenient loations, such as Mayfair or Oxford Circus etc for a similar price. The only downside to this hotel is that similarly to other prestigious hotels in London, the hotel does not have it's own car park. It is quite difficult to find. (A valet service would definately be helpful.) We parked in 140 London Wall Car park - which is at the London Wall Museum and is about a 10-15 minute walk away from the hotel. This car park was quite a find as it was a fixed fee of £3 for overnight parking at weekends. We are used to paying £20 to £30 per day in central London!Overall, we highly recommend this hotel and will definately be staying there again.	
Sep 1 2007 	Not a 5-star at all....	Not under any circumstance is this a 5-star hotel. Having stayed in many hotels over the years, I can honestly say that this is a decent 4-star at best. There is absolutely no parking and the nearest car park is a good 7-minute walk away - no valet parking either.In addition, the hotel has an environmentally friendly policy whereby they do not change your towels for a couple of days. I am not staying in a 5-star hotel and paying the premium to do so to worry in the slightest bit about the environment. This is a policy bandied about far too much of late. Moreover, the sink blocked up due to the plug hole release mechanism failing. Whilst the staff were very attentive in sorting out this problem, it really ought not to happen in a hotel that is supposedly 5-star.Finally, whilst there was an excellent turn-down service with a bottle of water and ice being brought to one's room, the service occured between 6pm and 7pm in the evening - not really the best time when people are either relaxing before going out for the evening and/or getting ready to go out. Turn down should really take place around 9-10pm, when some people actually go to bed.	
Jul 26 2007 	Another stay at a great hotel	I stay at the Threadneedles at a minimum once a month when in London on business. It’s the only hotel I ever consider staying. This hotel could write the book on customer service. The doorman makes it a point to know my name, the hotel staff even stands up as you enter the building or leave the elevator. In a time where customer service is a lost art, this hotel gets it right and then some. I spend lots of time in hotels, so I know something on this subject, and I can 100% say this hotel will do you right and you will not be disappointed. I am not a person to normally give glowing reviews, but I am more than happy to recommend this hotel to anyone. Stay here for a very nice stay…just like home.	
Jul 16 2007 	Amazing!	What can I say! It really is an amazing hotel and i'd recommend it to anyone! I took my boyfriend there for his birthday as we were going to the Oxo Tower for dinner and from the time we arrived we were smiling! The staff were fantastically helpful and we were even given a room upgrade to a studio which was beautiful!! The bed (and room in general) was huge! We booked directly through the hotel as you get breakfast in Bonds Restaurant doing it that way (which was also fab!!). The hotel is really near Bank staion and only about a 5 min walk from St Pauls so great location. We really did have a brilliant weekend and we didnt want to leave!	
Jun 11 2007 	5-star in every respect and some!	I stayed at Threadneedles for one night on June 9th 2007 and this hotel exceeded my expectations in every respect. The location was excellent for me and my friend, as its a short (15 min) taxi ride to High Holborn (and shorter still to St. Pauls Cathedral), where you could get out and grab a tube to Covent Garden or even walk from Holborn to Covent Grden or Leicester Square. The hotel is also close for The Gherkin and Lloyds of London buildings, for those interested in modern architecture.The building is a former banking house, and the owners have refurbished it into a sleek, comfortable, modern yet welcoming style. There is lots of lovely walnut everywhere, and the rooms are really luxurious. We booked a deluxe double room but were delighted to be upgraded to room 106, the Shackleton Suite. The bed was huge, the bedlinen stylish and comfortable and it was very comfortable and quiet. The bathroom had a large bath and big shower, and lots of lovely Korres toiletries, as well as robes and fluffy towels. There was a sitting area with a flatscreen tv, wi-fi for internet connection and a CD/DVD player in the bedroom! The air con worked perfectly, and there was everything we could possibly need. You receive complimentary mineral water and a lighted candle on turn-down, and papers too.We found the staff to be very attentive (the front reception staff stand up when you first arrive and when you approach from the lifts...we felt like royalty, but it was clearly part of the hotel's approach to providing courteous and attentive service....other hotels should take note! Threadneedles Hotel has got it sussed!), friendly and accomodating.The wi-fi internet access on our t.v. didn't work, so they sent a porter immediately. When he couldn't fix it, they allowed me to have internet access from the reception office and did not charge me a cent.The breakfast was delicious - again, the attention to detail was excellent (the cooked breakfast was laid out beautifully on the plate and tasted great, so they got it right on presentation and quality.)I felt thoroughly spoilt staying here and while I accept that this is a 5-star hotel and costs quite a lot, if you are interested in service, quality and beautiful surroundings, as well as a pretty good location, I'd recommend this hotel very highly.A final footnote: I left a brand new pair of sunglasses behind, and they are posting them back to me! Anywhere else and you'd be lucky if they even bothered to look for them, and it would be more likely that they'd never be &quot;found&quot;. Try Threadneedles...its beyond compare in my opinion (and I've stayed at The Savoy, The Ritz and many other so-called 5-star hotels who don't come anywhere near it.)	
May 28 2007 	Fantastic!	I surprised my new husband with a night at Threadneedles. Due to the fact it was a holiday weekend, we got a great price for the delux king room. There was tons of space in the room, the bed was very comfy (though I would have have liked a king bed instead of the two twins pushed together). The bathroom was wonderful - a bath which was perfect for our bubble bath and the shower was huge! I was given the opportunity to help with a marketing survey and was given a bottle of Mumm for my trouble. It's a very customer driven hotel and I felt the warmth from the moment I entered until I left.It's easy to get around London from this hotel as you are surrounded by transportation options. It's one I would recommend to family and friends!	
May 28 2007 	Luxurious 	I stayed at the Threadneedles for one night at the weekend, on arrival we were told that we had been upgraded to a suite, which was great news!The hotel is very tastefully decorated, &amp; the Armstrong suite was lovely, very luxurious with the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in! Bathroom was also very nice with a separate bath &amp; shower &amp; Korres toiletries. There were 3 Tvs but unfortunately you have to pay to watch films &amp; there are no DVDs to borrow at reception as at other boutique hotels - but then I suppose it is primarily for business guests rather than tourists.The hotel is very well located near Bank tube station, with a very discreet entrance - we nearly walked past!We ordered room service but it wasn't really anything special for the price, nice enough though.All in all a very pleasant stay, I would definitely go back &amp; would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a bit of luxury and comfort while staying in London.	
May 3 2007 	Absolutely Fantastic!	My fiance and I stayed at the Threadneedles hotel for the weekend of my birthday and I have to say it was fantastic. We got a bargain through london town website and saved over £200 on their standard rate.We booked a superior room and were gobsmacked upon entering, the room was stunning and had classical music playing in the background! We even had our own business cards saying we were in residence, with the direct dial to our room printed on!I was very impressed with the mini bar selection, ok it was a little pricey but not outragous.After our fab night out at the comedy store, we arrived back at the room to find our slippers laid out, an ice bucket, 2 glasses and a bottle of water - it was just what I needed!In the morning our paper arrived promptly and we went for breakfast. I recommend the power breakfast which is yummy!All in all I had a wonderful night here and would love to go back soon!	
Apr 21 2007 	Amazing Boutique Hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed in the Threadneedles hotel the other weekend and stayed for 2 nights. I would really recommend this hotel; upon arrival we were greeted by two reception staff who informed us that we had a complimentary room upgrade. Once in the room we had all the usual plus a LCD TV in the bathroom with a pile of magazines including ones about London which we found really helpful.The hotel provided us with complimentary still water and ice every afternoon which was nice to come back to after sightseeing in the 80 degree heat.Be warned the hotel is in the City of London which totally closes down at the weekend, however the hotel is very close to the Bank tube stop which mean you can be in the centre of London within minutes! All in all I loved this hotel I will definitely stay here again when I return to London.	
Apr 11 2007 	Loved it!	My boyfriend and I spent one night at The Threadneedles in January and had a wonderful time.Location: In the heart of London City this hotel is located 2mins walk from Bank Tube Station. Because of this, the hotel and surrounding area is very quiet at weekends but only a short distance from Covent Garden so this did not bother us. Lobby: Large spacious area with a beautiful dome in the middle. Seating area with lots of comfy chairs and tables and a self service bar for guests. Modern and traditional all rolled in to one. Rooms: Decent size for London although not exactly large. Bed was the comfiest I had ever slept in – sheets were really soft. Facilities included; fully stocked mini bar, TV/DVD player in room, mini plasma in the bathroom, magazines and toiletries, 24hr room service, Louis Vuitton Concierge Service, tea/coffee with a wide range of choices, lots of wardrobe space with dressing gowns and slippers, bottled water and fruit etc etc. Everything in the rooms was spotlessly clean. Bar &amp; Restaurant: As mentioned, London City area is very quiet at the weekend and for that reason the hotel’s Bonds Bar &amp; Restaurant is only opened for breakfast at weekends. The breakfast itself was incredibly fresh and with a choice of anything you could think of. Service: The service at The Threadneedles was impeccable and everything you would expect from a 5* hotel.	
Apr 9 2007 	Unbelievable quality - understated luxury	I had to do a few days work in London over the Easter weekend and needed to be near my client location.Threadneedles was my second choice, with serviced apartments being unavailable.I was delighted to feel that from the moment I arrived, the hotel staff were tripping over themselves to please me.The surprisingly quiet foyer area is beautiful with a stunning dome worthy of spending half an hour with a drink to admire.The room was very comfortable and everything had been thought of (like the TV in the bathroom was at the perfect angle to watch in the bath).There are only two (hopefully constructive) criticisms I could make;1) The AC was very loud in the room.2) The mini bar prices were just a bit too steep.My stay was very pleasant and I would definitely stay there again, but even though the quality was excellent - I'm not sure I'd choose to pay the full weekly rate (as opposed to the lower weekend rate) then again maybe I’m just tight.	
Mar 16 2007 	Great boutique business hotel	I've been on several business trips to London, but the Threadneedles is one of my favorite business hotels. The room I had was on the 5th floor, it was spacious and modern, and the bathroom was beautiful. It had a large bathtub and a separate shower and great toiletries (Greek products). The bathroom also had a small flat screen tv, so it was nice to be able to watch tv while taking a relaxing bath. The hotel also provided a bottle of spring or sparkling water each night, which was such a nice touch. My room had a small balcony, which I unfortunately did not get to enjoy. There is also a great hotel/bar (Bonds) downstairs. This hotel is close to the Bank station, which was convenient. The only complaint I had was that my room was close to the Royal Exchange, above which was a steeple that had a clock bell that rang every hour...throughout the night! So it was a bit annoying to get woken up by this several times at night. Nevertheless, this is a fantastic boutique business hotel, and I hope to return.	
Mar 11 2007	Fabulous boutique hotel in the City	This lovely hotel has everything. If you are looking for a weekend stay in London and don't mind being in the (quiet) City, then this is perfect. Beautifully decorated, stunning lobby with a stained glass cupola, it's the epitome of the trendy boutique hotel. But trendy doesn't mean frosty, as the staff are friendly and helpful. The gorgeous rooms have lots of enticing little extras. My husband was particularly taken with the overnight shoe polishing service as the soes came back on a tray w ith the toes wrapped in tissue paper. If you can get a good weekend rate (we paid £160 inc breakfast ex VAT) and don't mind being a little out of the way (albeit within spitting distance of Bank tube on the central line) then this is gem and way better than you'd get in the average west end tourist trap.	
Mar 5 2007 	Beautiful rooms/ amenities and service just fair	The lobby and the rooms are modern, fresh, and really quite stunning. The amenities in the rooms themselves are also excellent--top notch products and even a lit bathtub candle during turnaround. Everything else, though, is substandard for a five-star hotel. Europeans may find the service acceptable, but this property couldn't even begin to compare to a typical Four Seasons or even a Ritz-Carlton. The service is lackluster and amateur. The hotel contains no gym; you have to trek several blocks away to a large, sweaty, old property (that costs 12 pounds). On the weekends, the service here is even worse; the restaurant is closed entirely and you're limited to an extremely limited room-service menu. Not to mention that The City of London is completely dead on the weekends.	
Jan 4 2007 	Lovely stay couldnt be better	I booked a room at this hotel for 2 nights for New Years Eve 2006, and it was fairly easy to get to from Bank tube. I totally recommend this hotel, the room was large and clean. the service attentive but possibly a little too friendly (they greet u when you walk in the front door, which i found a little too much), but overall its a great hotel.	
Dec 12 2006 	Excellent!	Stayed there for three days and enjoyed it tremendouslyThe hotel is situated in the business area, which means you have to take the Tube or a taxi if you want to go out in the evening. We ordered some food from the hotel one night since the restaurant in the hotel was closed and we were too tired to venture the journey into the centre. This was not a great culinary experience, but convenient. The friendly service and the great atmosphere of the place, however, greatly outweighed the bad burgers that they serve and we would highly recommend the place.	
Dec 3 2006 	Outstanding	Excellent hotel - slightly out of the way in the city but the quality made up for it. Fantastic design with some great touches including a small light by the bathroom so you know where you are going in the middle of the night!! Staff were very professional and helpful. Will definitely return - not cheap but great value for money.	
Nov 27 2006 	Exceptional	What can I say... Just got back from a one night stay at Threadneedles, and can not stop wishing I was back there. I could live there!!I chose Threadneedles following a equally good stay in another hotel which is part of the Eton collection. It is a 2min walk from Bank tube station and about 5 min from Liverpool Street Station. The check in/out process was quick and easy. The room was absolute bliss, no faults at all. Would recommend it a thousand times over.	
Nov 20 2006 	Great value in weekends	Ok, in many ways this is a 5 star hotel. Everything is 5 star except for what many others also says, it's to cold. The location is great for people who are in London for business in the City, not so great for others. But it's just next to the central line, so no big deal really. I stayed in 3 hotels in London for in total a week. This was the best in every way, except for this coldnes. The decoration is for me perfect. Even so I have some complaints that I as a norwegian (we don't like to complain) don't bother telling the staff, since they are minor and I didn't really care. But still this is a 5 star hotel, it should be perfect. The water would never keep the same temperature so you had to adjust all the time. The pressure was also unstable. It's also impossible to shower without spilling water on the floor. Not much but still. Also I'm quite anoid by having to pay for wireless internett, when the web page gave me the impression that it was free. I know when you can afford such a expensive place you shouldn't care and bla bla, but 6 pounds for an hour or 20 for one day is kind of crazy.I would reccomend it in the weekends, but would have chosen another hotel like Soho for the regular price.	
Nov 1 2006 	A few problems.	My husband and I stayed here in October for two nights on a weekend. We were able to take advantage of the cheaper weekend rates. The room was on the small side, but the bed was very large, and really comfortable with lovely cotton sheets and lots of big soft cushions. The bathroom was very nice and everything was really clean.We had a couple of problems though. On our last morning we had to get up early (6.00am) to catch a flight to New York, and there was no hot water in the whole hotel. Staff offered to take us across to a nearby gym, but we did not have time so had a cold shower. There did not seem to be any great apologies for this inconvenience either. Also, we could not get Chanel 7 on the TV in the bedroom, but could on the TV in the bathroom. This was really annoying to my husband as he had to sit in the bathroom to watch the cricket! We rang Reception and someone came up to the room and said they would contact their supervisor. Nothing happened the entire time we were there, and no Chanel 7!On the second day were were there, we came back to our room at about 3.30pm as we were cold and wet, to find them still making up the room. This was annoying as we had to go down to reception and wait in our wet clothes!We did not eat in the restaurants as they are closed over the weekends. We did not eat breakfast at the hotel either, as it is quite expensive.After all that, I must admit that the bed was fantastic, so at last we got a good night's sleep!	
Oct 31 2006 	Does everything right but...	Threadneedles, in the heart of The City, won't disappoint -- yet still comes up a little short. Since my two-day stay there last week, I've been wondering why the visit wasn't satisfying. I'd guess this place lacks those intangibles that separate a perfectly fine hotel from a phenomenal one.To be fair, Threadneedles meets nearly every discriminating traveler's criteria. It is centrally located (close to the Bank of England, St. Paul's Cathedral and Bank tube station), well appointed (the lobby has a lovely sitting area perfect for afternoon tea), and features an upscale bar and restaurant (though the food looks better than it tastes). The rooms are nice, too, and rather larger by European standards. Atop the queen-sized bed, you'll find an abundance of pillows; an ironing board folds out as you open the closet door; and a CD player complements the large flat screen TV. The bathroom features both a tub and stall shower, as well as lots of towels, shampoos, bath gels and other supplies. But Threadneedles almost lacks sincerity. In fact, it seems as if it's marking off checklist boxes rather than earnestly working to ensure each guest has a pleasant stay. Plus, at nearly two dollars to the pound, these days even the finest of London hotels seem like extorion. While it was a particularly balmy autumn week while I was there, Threadneedles left me feeling somewhat cold.	
Aug 14 2006 	2nd stay - even better than the last!!	Stayed here a few months ago - it's very quiet due at the weekend due to it's City location! Last time's stay was brilliant (review further down).This time we booked the same deal - £150 for an exec room. Got upgraded to a 2 roomed suite which excelled in comfort and style and the goodies (toiletries, quality magazines and a plasma screen to watch whilst in the bath) in the bathroom are fab! Fantastic quality rooms, outstanding service at reception (once you find the entrance to the hotel!). I really cannot fault this hotel in the slightest - all boutique hotels should take a visit and learn a few things!	
Jul 16 2006	Lovely Hotel however......	Hotel is fabulous and extremley classy. Room was very tasteful and modern. Only problem I had was when checking In - I had booked the room on last minute and paid for the full amount of the room using my credit card. When we arrived at the hotel the receptionist asked for my credit card which i handed over thinking they were just taking the details in case we used room service etc. The receptionist then proceeded to put my credit card in the chip and pin machine at which point i informed him that i had already paid for the room and showed him my paperwork. He then went out to a back room and on his return quitely infomred me that he had charged £180 onto my card - there was not much of an apology and I was a bit confused how this happened as I had not actually entered my pin number. Anyway he said he would get on to the bank and resolve the matter. I havent checked with my bank yet as only just got back!! We will see as the receptionist did not fill be with confidence!!	
Jul 9 2006	Overall very good - worth the money	Stayed at Threadneedles for a Friday night on the Romance Package (£260 for Executive King room) - as a surprise birthday treat for my girlfriend.Hotel is easy enough to find although there are not many clues on the outside that it's a hotel (doesn't say hotel anywhere, frosted glass in the entrance doors). Imposing common areas (converted banking hall).Checkin was swift at the minimalist reception. The rate on the registration card was different (17.5% more) than the rate I booked online. But this came right by the time I checked out. They authorised my card for £350.The porter accompanied us up to the room and offered to show us how everything worked.The room was large (especially by London standards) and had all facilities as advertised. The Romance package included Champagne, chocolates - which were ready when we walked in. The inroom stereo/hifi had poor reception and only Classic FM was available. The TV in the bedroom was awkward (not intuitive) to use - as you had to navigate channels via the menu system, rather than using the familiar channel +/- buttons. The room's windows were filthy dirty and haven't been cleaned in months. The room was neat, tidy and clean. The bathroom is nicely done, lots of space, the LCD TV is a nice touch. Seperate shower and bath. Great imported Korres toiletries. Our cold water tap worked opposite way around to normal, and there wasn't much pressure in the hand basin. Good selection of &quot;posh&quot; magazines in the room and bathroom.I requested the turn down to occur whilst we were out for dinner (at Bankside, 2 streets away). We returned to the room, covered in rose petals (well, they're fabric ones!), the turn down, complimentary mineral water (although being served in a glass bottle could have been tap water!), a filled ice bucket, slippers and a carafe of bubble bath in the bathroom. The airconditioning was very efficient. We were supposed to have a scented candle as part of the romance package - but this never materialised.The bed (the king size was actually two base sets joined together) was very comfortable and the egyptian cotton linen is always great. The blackout curtains do a great job - however our room faced a side street and we were woken up by the muncipal refuse collection and some construction noise :( Also, the walls/doors appear to be quite thin and you can easily hear whats going on out in the passage and possibly even in adjoining rooms. Our room (214) was across from the entrance to the service lift - and were further disturbed by noises from there. Also, the plumbing makes a noise - anyone turning on a tap or flushing the toilet above, below or next to your room makes noise.The complimentary newspaper was delivered in a pouch hanging on the door overnight.Breakfast was included on the romance package - but was very confusing. They say &quot;breakfast is included&quot; but don't say which one. I asked at the restaurant but the staff didn't know what was included and I had to go back to reception to find out. They said &quot;everything is included&quot; - but that's not true either - as you have to choose a breakfast (not self service buffet). There's the Power (full english) breakfast, the Canadian (with pancakes and bacon) and the Continental (which is self service). There's also a range of a la carte items - but these are charged extra. Service was very good and attentive, and the food tasty. Thank goodness breakfast was included, as at £19 for a full english would be a rip off!!We requested a late check out and were allowed to stay until 2pm - a nice touch, especially on the weekend when they're quieter (I guess this is a business, weekday kind of hotel). They could do with more staff on reception, as on checkin and checkout I had to wait to be served.All in all, very good - and I recommend it.	
Jun 2 2006	Great atmosphere!	We were there during the weekend, when everything in the proximity is closed. So you need to go with the Underground to get somewhere. However, the underground is not far from the hotel. The atmosphere is great, spacious and modern. Food is nice as well (breakfast!). We did miss internet: either wireless LAN or an internet facility/business centre like space. Woulkd book again for business, but no for holiday.	
May 3 2006	Beautiful Hotel - Excellent Staff	The Threadneedles hotel is situated in the centre of London's financial area. We stayed here during the last weekend in april (bank holiday). It is a great locationa and very need the tube station Bank.The hotel is beautiful and very stylish. The decor is very tatseful and everything was of a very good quality.Rooms are very well equipped and the bathroom was gorgeous with huge windows letting in loads of light.The staff were excellent - so polite and courteous and welocming, a real credit to the company.We really enjoyed our stay and would recommend it to everyone. Someone else on here has mentioned the parking being a problem as the near by car park is expesive - we found a little road near by where parking was free at weekends - this was great and seemed very safe.The strange thing about this area is that as it is the financial district it is deserted at weekends - meaning none of the crowds and noise that you are subject to in other areas. This is something which we liked.	
Apr 24 2006 	So very nearly there....	actually it's more of a 3.5. Initially felt this was a case of style over substance - lots of dosh spent on the interior design - lobby,rooms restaurant all marvellous. And the setting - 3 mins from Bank and in the heart of the City which makes for a splendid if slightly eerie weekend break. Gradually realised that this was slightly less to the place than met the eye:Air conditioning - was v quiet and worked, although in a very hot spell I would not expect it to be adequate. Bathroom - splendid - separate shower, excellent pressure.Beds/linens - fab. Best thing about the place - v comfy.Service - very good. Helpful, efficient. They light a candle in the bathroom at turndown and provide 'complimentary' water. Which did beg the question - at £300 per night could they not put bottles of still/fizzy in the room anyway. Perhaps dash out to Tesco (5 minutes away) or M&amp;S??Coffee - rombouts filters (not stocked up at turndown) and Twinings. But - and it's a big but in a hotel of this price - v poor soundproofing. You can hear every door close, people in the room above walking about, (which is not great at past midnight) and the neigbour's plumbing. A problem in conversions true, but they should have put some of the budget into sorting this out. Also the entertainment system is, ahem, basic. A JVC(!) hi fi and a TV with a few channels and a remote which didn't work unless you sat 3 feet away.All in all, at the many discount rates available - do not pay more than £150 incl tax at the weekend - it's OK for a slightly weird weekend or to be on the spot for a v early meeting in the area the following morning as I was. Business amenities (wi fi) seemed non existent which again seems odd in a hotel which is principally going to cater to financial types wheeling and dealing. It's a shame when there are so few boutique hotels in the area (perhaps that's the problem). Think I'll revert to Malmaison.	
Apr 18 2006	Great modern hotel	We enjoyed the Easter weekend in this great modern boutique hotel. The staff were friendly and the rooms were comfortable and well furnished. The hotel seemed very quiet on the weekend, which was ideal for us. The room service we ordered one evening was very tasty.We had a problem with a noisy air-conditioner, but we moved (and upgraded) to another room with no fuss.Through no fault of the hotel, we were caught out with an unexpectedly high parking charge using the 'City of London' parking at London Wall. Saturday morning is not considered off peak and the parking costs went from 3 pounds per day for the rest of the bank holiday and weekend to 3 pounds per hour between 06:00 and 13:00 on the Saturday.	
Apr 8 2006	Have a great stay	A very nice hotel in a great location (in the square mile) which gives tourist or business travellers a high level of security and comfort.My wife and I stayed for 4 nights and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Such a beautiful and well appointed room! Absolutely great value for money (discount online booking rates).Excluding the very mediocre service in the downstairs restaurant at breakfast time, the staff were courteous and attentive. This is the only aspect holding the Threadneedles establishment from getting an &quot;excellent&quot;. A wonderful building with a great sense of presence, I highly recommend the hotel for all business and pleasure travellers.	
Mar 7 2006	Excellent and quiet	We stayed at the Threadneedles hotel for one night. We had the Armstrong suite, very smart, beautiful bathroom and plenty of space. I have seen all the sizes of rooms and do not think that any are small really but all are given the same care and attention to detail. Plenty of hangers, ironing board, hairdryer, showshine, bathroom products, tvs in every area, cd players. Wonderful large windows, fabulously comfy bed and the most impressive lobby possible.Oh and the breakfast was delicious, bacon sandwich, whilst v expensive, was possibly the best bacon sarnie ever tasted!!! Oh and fresh everything else!Do go, particuarily on a special offer as it's very good value at the weekend, during the week this place is very popular, location etc, but worth staying an extra night!	
Feb 27 2006	Excellent	Enjoyed a very nice stay at Threadneedles in the heart of the city. Everything was excellent and no real faults, other than it is expensive. However, by London standards it was value for money.I would certainly use this hotel again.	
Feb 19 2006	Superb Experience	I took my girlfriend to theadneedles last weekend for an early valentine's present. I wasn't let down at all! Booked the room on their 'Romantic Weeked Package' so got the Executive King for a good price - the room was lovely, spacious, modern and clean. Only problem was the reception staff, which was quite a major problem at that. My reservation had not been logged so they did not know i was coming, which in turn meant that the little bonus points of the package were not put in place before we arrived. This didn't really matter, as the hotel wasn't busy so getting a room was of no problem, but had it been peak time this may have caused some concern.In other areas the reception staff were substandard. One gentleman had to count and re-count a cash payment 6 times before he both realised and believed i had paid enough. But the rooms more than made up for this, and by all means this is an amazing hotel!	
Nov 11 2005	Very nice one-night stay	Stayed over last weekend for one night having been at a late function, although we live just outside London it was great not to have to get home. As others mentioned, and as you'd expect in the City, it's *very* quiet at the weekend. For me, that's a plus and we did indeed get upgraded and the hotel seemed almost empty.Would recommend this hotel overall - very nicely furnished and fitted out, lovely big bathroom with LCDTV, very comfortable bed, fresh fruit and such. Really lovely and very helpful and efficient staff.Minus points: as others noted, we experienced long delays for room service food, but the food when it arrived was of a decent standard and the breakfast arrived on time and was very fresh and delicious. Also, the room wasn't huge... we were upgraded to a larger room but I wouldn't want to be in a basic one judging by the size of ours. Finally, parking is difficult. I'm familiar with this area and planned to park in the street a short walk away (normally easy on weekends after 1:30pm sat) but road closures and building work nearby put paid to that and we had to unload on double-yellows outside the hotel and park a couple of blocks away. In the rain. But I guess most people will arrive by cab so wouldn't be a problem.Really nice, comfortable, hotel. Recommend.	
Oct 18 2005 	Not Ready for Prime Time	Threadneedles has promise, and a number of lovely features, but I had some significant problems during my stay. I would have considered returning to the hotel had there been an attempt to address them, but not only did they go unresolved during my stay, but the manager never even responded to a letter I sent him following my visit. Despite its great location for business travelers, refreshing decor and very nice details, it is not up to its (less conveniently located) competition in its price range. Among the problems:-- a scheduled wake-up call (rather crucial for jet-lagged business travelers) never arrived. -- the sunflower-head separate shower had nice water pressure at tepid temperatures, but a trickle at hotter temperatures. Despite promises to fix it, it was never fixed and upon another complaint (a day later), a staff member told me that I should just shower at a lower temperature and that I did not need to take a hot shower.-- no clocks anywhere in the room (except a tiny phone display in the separate living room)!! The staff told me it was a conscious management decision, and the hotel did not even keep any stocked to deliver on a guest's request. -- multiple maintenance/housekeeping problems: cordless phones (a nice feature, but only if they work) being dead and unchargeable on check-in; faucet knobs coming off in my hand; all lights (other than a tiny desk lamp) in the separate living room failing to work throughout the course of the first evening, despite the efforts of the sole member of the bell staff (again, the separate living room is very nice, but not useful if you can only sit there in the dark). -- unimpressive room service (stale pastries, mistakes in orders, etc.).The complete silence of management in response to the problems, both during my stay and in response to a follow-up letter, is perhaps the most surprising flaw. In the future, I'll just take a cab to The City and stay somewhere more focused on customer service.	
Sep 5 2005	A lovely luxurious hotel	I loved this hotel, it is discrete, very plush and the staff were very polite and friendly. We were given a free upgrade to a suite which, although fairly small (as always, in central London) was really lovely, good amenities and they even light the candles for you in anticipation of your return after an evening out! The only advice I would give is to make a mental note of the address, or take a map with you - because none of the taxi drivers I used had heard of the hotel and took a long time to find it!	
Aug 30 2005	Best Hotel for business	This is the best hotel for business travel to London. Very high standard. I was looking up hotels online for my trip when I came across TabletHotels. Not only did they have the best rates out there but the customer service person I dealt with was so knowledgeable about the hotels that I booked this in a matter of minutes. This was the most gratifying business trip I've ever been on. I will be coming back to Threadneedles Hotel.	
Aug 16 2005	Perfect...almost		
Jun 6 2005	lovely hotel		
May 29 2005	High quality hotel for the business traveller in London		
May 21 2005	Threadneedles We will be back!		
Dec 12 2004	Don't stay at the weekend		
Dec 2 2004	Outstanding		
Jul 19 2004	Great Boutique Hotel in the City of London		
Jun 12 2004	Mixed feelings on this one		
Nov 3 2003	Excellent service		
Sep 15 2003	first class		
Aug 31 2009 	l'hotel ideale		
Oct 7 2008 	Hôtel très raffiné		
Aug 5 2008 	Grande classe au coeur de la City		
Nov 6 2007 	Der Inbegriff eines Boutique Hotels		
