	Quite Close to Perfect	Stayed here for 4 nights over the Thanksgiving holiday and was slightly apprehensive based on reviews. However, we found the Landmark almost perfect in every regard. The hotel is beautiful, spotlessly clean, with terrific public areas for lounging. We were unable to check in immediately as our flight arrived quite early, so left bags to go out to explore London. Upon return, room was ready and bags were already delivered, and a kind reception staff member showed us personally to our room. We had booked the lowest price, queen room, and it was large (we swear the bed was larger than queen) with two armchairs, a desk, two large windows overlooking Marylebone Road, and a lovely bathroom and nice amenities. We had no issues with road noise (could barely hear the odd ambulance go by). Service was impeccable -- we repeatedly ordered ice and it was delivered within 5 minutes every time.As for location, it is a bit off the beaten track; however, it is in a very nice neighborhood with a number of excellent restaurants within walking distance (we tried Veyna for excellent North Indian/Pakistani and also had a marvelous experience at ultra-sophisticated Orerry on Marylebone High Street - which also has great shopping). The convenience of the Tube station was key, and the station also contains a number of food and drink options and a coffee kiosk if you don't want to pay Landmark prices. Concierge service was outstanding as well.I booked this hotel via Expedia and got a very good rate. Given the location, level of service, beautiful public areas and excellent room, I would highly recommend the Landmark to anyone traveling to London.	
	FANTASTIC!!! EXCELENT HOTEL	We came into the hotel in the back entrance, ( accross from the station) staff carried our bags to reception,were we was greated by a lovely receptionist. We was then upgraded from a delux room to an executive room.Our bags were carried to our room for us. And placed on racks. The staff are EXCELENT at thus hotel! The rooms are fantastic! Very big and the bath room was fantastic!I only had breakfast at the hotel but even that was super, and again the staff bringing that was amazing!The hotel is fantasic,so beautiful.And right accross from the station.I will definatly be returning.Super hotel, super staff!	
Nov 25 2009 	Everything was perfection from the check-in to the room the massage the meals the porters and door men. Perfection.	You should add a shop to the gym so customers could purchase work-out clothing, shorts, leggings, t shirts, hats, etc.	
Nov 17 2009 	No Breast feeding allowed	My wife stayed here for two nights 14/15 nov. 2009 with ouir two daughters 3 months and 2 years in a family room with another friend to help.I had booked for them.The reception was appalling, check in was rude and a finger waved them to a lift somewhere unknown to them.No one else to help in sight.Not a great start. The room was as expected,comfortable and well sized for a family.Off they went for shopping.The next morning at breakfast just after an order was taken the waiter asked my wife to stop breastfeeding.shocked and embarassed she asked for a manager.He had the stupidity to offer her a private room for feeding as she could not do it in a public area of the hotel.The other option was for him to bring some milk from the kitchen.We are still waiting for an appology,not compensation.Do not bring your small kids here they are rude and obviously don't like the most natural things in the world.to happen here.	
Nov 16 2009 	Fine hotel. Some service issues efficiently dealt with	I booked three rooms here for my twin daughters 21st birthday party. We booked a pod on the London Eye with food and wine. Highly recommended, but that's another story. I have used the Landmark on several occasions. Location is excellent, directly opposite Marylebone Station. Check in was efficient. Rooms were comfortable. The porters were very slow delivering bags, but the duty manager chased them up and a complimentary bottle of champagne helped us enjoy the wait.. We were disappointed to be told that the bar would not allow children (this was at 18:00). We were meeting other guests before moving on to the Eye and I was winding up for a big argument (my wife was hiding behind a pillar pretending she was not with me) when another manager charmingly offered to set us up with drinks by a large fire in one of the lobby areas, which took the wind out of my sails. We ate in the restaurant later, which was fine, as was breakfast the next day. Highly recommended, especially if you can get a deal on the room. Check their own website.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great Service in a classic environment	Stayed here one night and was upgraded on check in to a Junior suite (from an executive room)It was quite confusing on the website to navigate and marry the different room types with pictures etc., but junior suite was very nice. The hotel is classic in style and although I prefer the more modern style of recent build hotels, it didn't feel out of date or in desperate need of renovation. (I note some other reviews complain about CRT Televisions - the horror of no flatscreen! Who on earth comes to the great city of London to watch tv anyway? lol) There are DVD's in the rooms too which is handy of you are with kids.All the staff I came across were really helpful and pleasant. It's true that some more free amenities wouldn't kill the hotel and it's really the only thing that wouldn't make me award 5 stars. For over £300 a night it would be prudent to offer customers;- free wi-fi in the room- free water-kettle with tea/coffeeOtherwise the Landmark has a great deal going for it; great location and great service.	
Nov 14 2009 	The Landmark only wants to attract people with more money than sense.	The landmark is without doubt one of the best hotels in London, but i am afraid greed has taken over. I had not stayed for a number of years but saw drastic changes. Most of the staff at the hotel i have got to say are very nice, however the reception staff are not. They are judgmental and uninformative with a arrogance second to none. In comparison with the lovely staff that greeted us for breakfast you would think a different hotel. We stayed on a room with breakfast basis and was told champagne would be in the room. We told them at reception champagne not supplied as offered and they said oh well we can't do now?? However the breakfast was lovely and would recommend it. The room booked was executive and did not disappoint spacious and very clean.We drink a barley hot drink and could not make due to not supplying tea and coffee making to the rooms. We asked at reception if a kettle was available and was told most of our guests do not mind paying for drinks! I was made to feel uncomfortable asking for a iron to be brought to the room, as they advised me usually our guests let us do the ironing for them. We asked for directions to the pool and was told the pool is chargeable we only asked for directions! I will always respect money and never let myself get caught up in the world that money is nothing. The Landmark only wants to attract people with more money than sense and if it is not careful will go to far. This is a shame as it is such a beautiful hotel.	
Nov 13 2009 	Beautiful old world classic ... but ...	Absolutely beautiful hotel. Elegant ... great food ... incredible room size ... lousy internet.A bit far from any action.I would not recommend this for the business traveler.	
Oct 25 2009 	not worth the money!!	booked this hotel for my honeymoon as it had great reviews and I assumed it would be good due to the 5 stars... the rooms were nice, the hotel is beautiful apart from half the rooms don't have windows to the outside only to the inside courtyard, which makes it pretty dark and you have to have lights on during the day, and not good if you're claustrophobic! My main complaint is that it was WAY TOO EXPENSIVE for what you got = NO TEA AND COFFEE in the room - you had to order room service and pay like $7 for a cup and even bottled water cost around $6. basically you have to pay for everything and breakfast was ridiculously expensive, don't go here unless you have a lot of spare cash...! there must be better value hotels in London surely...come on...no free tea and coffee?? you wouldv thought they give a few complimentary things after paying around $350/night! Also the tv was really old and small... where's the flat screen tv u find in 2* hotels now a days? and this was meant to be 5*.... =S	
Oct 24 2009 	Lovely hotel shame about the service	We have stayed at the Landmark four times as it is easy to access from where we live (20 miles or so from London) but after our last experience we plan not to return. On this occasion we were attending a wedding nearby. Firstly, we arrived at 10am and asked to leave our only bag at concierge. They took their time but did oblige. We checked that we had got late check in and they said that of course we could.As the reception was only down the road, my husband returned at about 5:30pm to check in after the wedding breakfast. He returned at 7pm, after they had &quot;lost&quot; our bags (apparently we never gave them in, even though we had a ticket) and our room was sub-standard for the rather high price.Our friends who stayed at a Holiday Inn got better service. We plan to join them next time. But the landmark is beautiful and our previous experiences have been great. Shame how one night can change it all.	
Oct 23 2009 	Top End Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for one night in mid-October. My room was on the sixth floor and top floor and as a consequence, the room had a sloping roof. However, the room was large with a sitting area and good sized desk/dressing table. They may well put singles on the top floor as the rooms are smaller than the others (from what I gathered from colleagues), but two people would have found it more than adequate. The bathroom was huge, with the sink area, shower bath area and toilet all being slightly separate from one another. Top class toiletries from the White Company and plenty of them. Room absolutely spotless and nicely decorated. Despite being in the centre of London, the glazing on the windows meant that I heard no noise at all. I would agree with other posters on this site that the only thing the rooms would really benefit from would be tea and coffee making.All the public areas are decorated to a very high standard and the atrium is stunning. Food was good and the service attentive. Was there anything I didn’t like? Well, I didn’t have time to use the pool and spa and I understand there is a £10 charge to use just the pool. Whatever the hotel says about this, I personally think it’s unacceptable to charge paying guests extra for the hotel facilities. Finally, and despite it being 5-star (and it is 5-star no doubt), in a stunning building, I found it rather soulless and would rather be somewhere with more atmosphere.	
Oct 20 2009 	Worked well. Good value (for London)	The family room was easily large enough for 2 adults and 2 children. The breakfast was excellent and included in the family package. The hotel is immediately adjacent to the Marlebone underground station so travel was very easy. I would recommend the hotel to others travelling with children (or not) and would stay there again. It is not publicized, but the spa facility is only open to children for limited hours and does represent a significant extra charge. Consider joining the hotel's club to get free internet or spa access.	
Oct 18 2009 	Big room!	We stayed for a weekend with 2 children in the same room, but the room was really big!I heard some noise from outside, but it's London. I don't expect to have a country side like quietness, anyway.During our stay, we had the breakfast, afternoon tea and dinner at the hotel and all of them was quite good. I don't appreciate the restaurants in Lonon because I often get bad food, but here at the Landmark, the food wasn't bad at all. The service was good as well.I had one spa treatment and that was refreshing. The esthetician was very sweet.My only problem was the location. I think it's a bit far from the places where the tourists want to visit.	
Oct 17 2009 	Nice but expensive	This great old hotel is one of best ones in London, but prepare to pay a big buck for everything. The breakfast price is over 30 EUR and definitely not worth the cost. Try the pub breakfast at the Marylebone station instead as it is only £9.	
Sep 27 2009 	Everything has a price...........	Very disappointed - room stunk of stale cigarette smoke (the hotel allows smoking in some rooms !!) £10 for a swim, £10 for a kettle (no tea/coffee making in your room) and £23 for continental breakfast - rip off and to top it all they have blocked £200 on my debit card for 5 days, without asking or telling me only when I was checking out. Never again	
Sep 13 2009 	biggest rooms in london..expensive breakfast	with limited choices..I love the location ,quiet but central..the rooms are huge!!nice decoration even if the Tv is really from the eighties !and the sofas need upholstering!all the rest is great ..attentive staff..	
Sep 13 2009 	Lovely Hotel	We booked our stay through Lastminute.com so got a bargain (£150 for a night).Arrival at the hotel was friendly, and check in was dealt with promptly,We were upgraded to which we think was a family room. 2 double beds and a room the size of a flat. Sofa, 2 armchairs and a table - in other words very spacious.The only thing I will say against the hotel (because it was lovely - clean, bright (4 double windows) and comfortable, was the lack of tea/coffee making facilities. And to get a coffee through room service would have cost over £5.00 per person which I thought was a bit too extravagant and so popped to the cafe over the road instead. I just like my coffee in bed each morning so a bit disappointing.Our room was on the first floor, very peaceful, could barely hear the road noise outside and I slept really well.All in all the hotel is beautiful, the staff friendly and the location very central. If you can afford to splash out the restaurant in the atrium looked amazing!! But if not there is a wonderful Indian restaurant a couple of streets away called the Cinnamon Spice which had great food and with drinks included came to less than £35 for two.	
Sep 7 2009 	Outstanding	An outstanding Hotel that looks great in the day and even better in the evening with the palm trees an excellent effect!Sunday Brunch was just fantastic with an vast sellection of food,free flowing champagne and very good service.Evening dinner was outstanding. With the palm trees lit up in the winter garden restaurant and a live piano player the atmosphere was great.Again the selection of food,wine and the service was 5star.The room was large,the largest room i have seen in a hotel, with two t.v`s and very comfortable. The bathroom is also very large with both a bath and a very spacious and powerful shower!All in all my entire experience at The Landmark was one I would love to repeat and would recommend to any one looking for something very special!!	
Sep 1 2009 	Beautiful hotel hidden charges	Arrived at Landmark Hotel, lovely hotel very grand. Room clean, and large and no complaints. Hotel is in a good position for tube station which is just out the back. We picked this Hotel as it had a pool, what we did not know on booking was that it was £10 a day to use the pool each, which would have been very expensive for a morning swim before we went sight seeing. Also my son took his lap top but the internet is charged at £14.99 a day. Breakfast is £25 a day but there is a cafe on the corner selling brealkfast for £5. Cannot fault the hotel, only complaint all the extra charges.	
Aug 30 2009 	great stay	We stayed here for a one-night trip to London recently. Due to work commitments we had to cancel our week-long wedding-anniversary trip to Europe and this was an attempt to salvage what time we had left. the hotel was excellent. we were upgraded to a massive room with a huge bathroom. I loved the fact that it overlooked the tea-room, bar and restaurant=great view. the room was spotless, elegant, and quiet. the spa was very good. location is excellent, right opposite the station. i would definately recommend this hotel and cant wait to return.	
Aug 23 2009 	Disappointing So Very Disappointing	Took advantage of a special rate of £327 for a Suite (standard rooms £190). I have always liked the decor and interior of this hotel and its boutique appearance. However, I was very disappointed at the small size of the suite and in retrospect this hotel cannot compare of the very best hotels in London with which it would like to flatter comparison. Of course had I taken the trouble to enquire I could probably have discovered that the suite was sub standard in advance although on a previous occasion, on asking to view a room, I was told the whole hotel was full. I should have taken my cue from this original put-off!It would be churlish to deny that the Winter Garden is an excellent restaurant with good service in a pleasent ambience but one would expect a top end hotel to have more than one!I was given a late 3pm check out on request, although for these kind of rates one would expect no less.Somehow this hotel just doesn't manage to deliver what it suggests, and for the price, this is not acceptable.	
Aug 22 2009 	Exceptional hotel	Catching up on my contribution to Tripadvisor, I wanted to share my excellent memories of a stay at the Landmark. The occasion was a company seminar and I regretted all along that I was not in a romantic getaway rather! Once you pass the door you enter a world of refinement, spacious, bright and elegant. Forget Marylborne road and the rush hour. The volumes, the architecture, the decoration, the atrium and its palm trees... all is there to set the most refined and relaxing atmosphere. The rooms are exceptionally large for a London hotel (I have had so many deceptions with room sizes in London, When I entered my room at the Landmark I was amazed). They are also very elegantly furnished and decorated. I had a room with a sitting area (sofa, coffee table). Some of my colleagues were enjoying suites. The bathroom also was very roomy , bright and shiny with bath and shower, and perfectly catered with amenities. Checking in and out went well, fast and smooth. Staff was nice and professional. Because we were all taken care off for food via the seminar, I did not experience the restauration on site (as a regular client) ; because we were kept too busy I could not enjoy the swimming pool or the spa.  I can not wait to go back on a leisure trip!	
Aug 17 2009 	really great	we had a lovely stay here. i was traveling with my husband, a 6 year old and a 2 year old. we had a family room which had 2 double beds (and we had a cot for the 2 year old) . the room was a really good size with a sitting area. the bathroom was large, very clean, and all completely new. the staff were great, efficient and friendly. everything was tasteful and to a high spec. The room was very quiet. the location excellent.the only 3 small complaints i would have would be 1/ there was no coffee making facilities in the room and 2/ even though it's pretty epensive to stay here, you still have to pay extra to use the swimming pool, which is a bit much.3/ the beds are a little bit hardhowever, i would definitely stay here again...if i'm feeling flush!	
Aug 13 2009 	Excellent hotel	I have stayed at this hotel several times on business and have found it to be one of the best hotels I have visited. The staff are amazing - always friendly and polite and concerned. The rooms are beautiful and very large. The dining is fantastic. In fact I have enjoyed it so much that next week I am coming to stay - but for a holiday - instead of business so that I can actaully see some of the London sights!I am looking forward to my stay very much indeed - and especially using the Spa! I cannot remember all the dates I stayed so the date on this review is probably not right!	
Jul 26 2009	Spa - made our weekend	Fantastic Hotel. Beautiful building. Staff were all helpful. The icing on the cake was the spa. A lady called Sarah performed a 90 min full body massage and it was divine - thank you Sarah. Would definitely return. A pleasant stay.	
Jul 25 2009 	Rude service	I stayed here when there a some sort of football team staying. I was taking pictures of the hotel when a security person came over and asked me to leave. I said that I was a guest and he argued back that I was photographer and squared up to me as if for a fight. I left and went round to the front desk to get back into the hotel. The room we had smelt of smoke and had hardly no natural light. Never again.	
Jul 23 2009 	I would definitivly stay there again in case i get a good offer	If you like the &quot;english, victorian style&quot; of houses and rooms, this hotel is for you. The interior is luxurious, the rooms a big and beautifull, the staff a little to english (respectfull, nice, but a little too distant) for my gusto - but hey, you are in England ;) The TV is from the last century, but i don't watch much TV anyhow (especially when i travel i do rather sightseeing) and i was to stupid to use the tresor, but nothing was stolen and i don't fear for my stuff in such a kind of hotel anyhow...Internet is expensive (15 GBP) and even in the &quot;business area&quot; (this is what the reception told me) you have to pay for it, what was a bigger problem for me, then the TV.The bath rooms are beautifull and very large, but i was supprised that the toilets then was in a very small room compared to all the other rooms/spaces. The normal price for rooms at this hotel start at around 700US$/540EUR+ for a night, that is a whole lot of money, but if you can afford it or you get an 50% discount (like i did), it is absolutely worth it and you will spent a very good time in London when you stay here.BTW, we used the Tube/subway a lot as the hotel is deirectly at the Marelybone Station, what was much nicer, then using the taxis on London's crowded streets - in my opinion...	
Jul 13 2009 	Fantastic	I struggled to find a hotel for a one night break in London, for many years i've always stayed at the Conrad in Chelsea (now Wyndham) or the Cavendish on Jerymn St. Both of these were fully booked so I spent hours trying to find an alternative. I was not disappointed with The Landmark. The room was a great size, very clean, very fresh, no wear on the sheets or carpets etc. We chose to have champagne in the room which was left chilling in the mini bar (I had to call down and check this was for us, however my partner later pointed out the card on the table explaining this) the reception staff were very helpful, and even sent up a second bottle in some slight confusion, which i regrettably informed them was a mistake!!Location is spot on, i can't think of a hotel that's closer to such a good tube station, also, taxi's into the centre were only £9, so nothing to complain about for a door to door service.Pricing in the hotel I think in all but two instances is fine, yes breakfast is £22 or £25, and yes when you consider egg and bacon prices it is a lot, but as pointed out this is the going rate in London hotels, i've paid nearly double in some.. it's just one of those things you have to expect, the only problem I could note with the hotel was the parking fee £40 for over 6 hours, i feel, given the price of my room, this was too expensive, the Conrad and The Cavendish are in the £20's.. Vinci Park lane also similar pricing, £40 is just plucked from the air, and there is no relative value given by the hotel for this service.. If it was a non guest's car I could understand, but when you're paying large sums of money for rooms and spending even more on dinner/drinks/room service, the last thing you need is to have eye popping car parking prices at said venue.I also noted there is a charge to use the spa/gym. Ridiculous!	
Jul 12 2009 	Excellent — with a Few Caveats	We recently spent five nights at the Landmark and were, for the most part, extremely pleased. Our room was huge and the bed was the most comfortable I've encountered in any hotel. The bathroom was luxurious and the entire hotel spotless. On the downside, the TVs are virtual relics (for this price, one would expect flat-screen units) and many staff members seemed either inexperienced or ungracious: one of the concierges had the personality of a piece of dry toast, and the front desk had a difficult time explaining why I had to wait 12 hours to have a an erroneous 45-pound breakfast charge removed from our bill.	
Jul 11 2009 	Great hotel for Wembley events	The Landmark is a fantastic hotel on all fronts, especially if your are visiting London for any Wembley events. Marylebone station on your doorstep offers a direct route to Wembley and runs frequently. Chelsea football team stayed here when playing in the FA cup final last when we were here.	
Jun 30 2009 	As I look back it's hard to imagine a better place to stay	The Landmark Hotel is wonderful on so many different levels. The hotel was apparently built to be a Ritz, and then the developer decided on a different site. Since I didn't stay at the Ritz, I cant imagine that it would be better somewhere else. I prefer to travel into the busy places as opposed to be in the heart of them. The Landmark is across the street from the beautiful Marylebone Train station so you can Tube it to anywhere. Walk to Baker street, or a private park, shops or the Wax Museum. The room was luxurious and well thought out. Spacious, comfortable, nice bedding, and a superior staff. A cute little bar at night, the Mirror Bar is great place for a late night pop! Food was excellent. Had Breakfast there most mornings, and had a wonderful choice of basic or special dishes. (Note to Management: Sylvia was 5-star plus service person) Great hotels have a staff that knows their guests. This is a great hotel. Based on other prices in Europe, this place is a steal!	
Jun 28 2009 	Superb staff	Staying at the Landmark is a fantastic experience partly because of the amazing building but mainly the result of the absolutely wonderful staff. From the moment we entered the hotel we were warmly greeted by every single member of staff who we came across. They all seemed to be genuinely concerned about whether we were having a good time. This is highly unusual and in particular in some of the other &quot;luxury&quot; hotels in which we have stayed. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff and when coupled to such fantastic surrounding it made for a totally memorable visit. I would like to thank each and every member of staff and congratulate the people in charge of staff recruitment and training for doing such a great job.	
Jun 28 2009 	Coffee would have been nice...	We stayed here last night as a treat for may partner. The hotel is well located right beside Marylebone station, and check-in was efficient and friendly.Our room was a bog standard 'Superior' room, but was well appointed with everything one could want... Apart from Coffee making facilities. This is a big bug-bear for me, as while I recognise that the type of people who stay here won't mind too much paying £13 (plus tip) for two room service coffees in the morning, some of us are on a bit of a budget. Those who want room service will order it, and those who don't should at least have the option of a kettle and a couple of sachets of tea/coffee. We ate in The Wintergarden in the evening, and it is a stunning setting, with attentive and un-fussy service. I would probably recommend it for afternoon tea, rather than dinner, as it was somewhat overpriced (although the food was better than average. Please don't serve solid butter, though), and owing to the architecture, did not lend itself to a intimate, romantic setting. We had asked for a smoking room, and in the past have been disappointed with the standard of these rooms, which can reek of stale smoke, however there was not a trace of this at The Landmark - credit to the housekeeping staff.Breakfast was included in the price, and the hotel had laft us a note the evening before, suggesting we might like to take breakfast in our rooms, as the hotel was at full occupancy. We chose not to do this, and to take our chances downstairs, where there was plenty of room. As there were lots of breakfast choices, we asked the Maitre d' which choice was included in the price. He said he was unsure, but would check, and let us know. He didn't, so my companion and I opted for the 'continental' breakfast (the cheaper option). I also ordered eggs benedict. The continental choice was somewhat limited, and I would not have liked to be paying full price (£22) for fruit, choice of two cured meats, some pastries and muffins, and cereal. The fruit was lovely, but for the price, I would never pay that amount unless it was included. All in all, we loved our time at The Landmark, but would not eat there agin - the standard does not live up to the price.	
Jun 26 2009 	Perfect hotel... could not ask for more	I Stayed last night and it delivered as expected. This is a true 5 star hotel. Room, food, service and experience are very good.I tend to agree that the wifi is pricey, as is breakfast... but to be frank... so is every other good hotel in London.My room was very luxurious with a court view. Room service was prompt and of excellent quality.Someone mentioned this place is pricey at £140.... ! If only you could get into this place normally for such a silly amount of money.... you get into a 3 star in the city for that sort of money ! Pay your £400 plus and live the life you were made for .....	
Jun 21 2009 	Read the reviews in TripAdvisor	Three of us, father, mother and 16-year old daughter, stayed three days at the Landmark for a wedding. We booked a larger room in which we could all stay - and it was large, with fine views on two sides. We knew what to expect, having looked at reviews on the TripAdvisor site. So, we had breakfast and lunch/dinners across the road in Marylebone Station (20 seconds away) and the local area, we didn't use the minibar, didn't order anything from the bars or from room service; and were not expecting tea or coffee or a kettle in the room. We just took a morning paper. Employees at the hotel were very pleasant and helpful, check-in and -out was easy, and the room and hotel itself were very clean and quiet. There were some problems - though there were three of us, the room was set for two - the bathroom included only two face towels and two bath towels, there were two glasses for toothbrushes, etc; the bulb in the toilet went out (but was replaced quickly after informing the front desk); it was a long walk from the lift to our room. But all-in-all, the location and the quality of the hotel made up for these minor inconveniences. The wedding itself was excellent. A fine hotel.	
Jun 20 2009 	5-star luxury	A huge, hulking hotel that is lavish and exquisite and wonderful in the heart of London’s Marylebone district. I was at first put off a little by the enormity of its size but once I got the hang of it, it was wonderful. On check in, I was asked if I wanted to upgrade to a deluxe room for just 20 GBP more a night…and I took it. So, my room was large and perfectly comfy. The bath had BOTH a tub and a large walk in shower…a true luxury and rarity for London, even for an upscale hotel. The service was courteous and polite. Basically, this place was exactly with I expected in a 5-star hotel… My only problem was that it wasn’t anything MORE than what I was expecting. The service was flawless but it wasn’t personal. Sometimes, you want more than just luxury…you also want a little personality too. As a plus, I LOVED the new Two Twenty Two restaurant. I ate a lot there and suprisingly, it is not that expensive. And not stuffy either.	
Jun 1 2009 	Beautiful hotel great staff lovely bars	Just stayed one night (Saturday). It is a lovely hotel visually and the rooms/staff/location are perfect for a stay in london, if you want to avoid west end hotels and fancy somewhere other than Mayfair. Great location, close to Marylebone high street and Regents Park.	
May 25 2009 	its the family 1# hotel in london	its the best in london for family..take my word for it i have been in london so many times and the rooms in the landmark is the best...very very spacious and for kids u need spacious....the family rooms are huge like suites in other hotels in london..good value for money ..vey nice staff..they had me as a return costumer the moment they told me they are not charging me for the extra bed which by the way i had agreed on paying wen i booked online.....i loved this big homey luxurious hotel that is soooo warm in winter u just feel its cuddling u..its my new home away from home..the only thing that is a bother to me is u need to take a taxi ride for 5 min to get to anywer..but u got a mark n spencer little shop just oppisite for anything u need..and with kids u will definatly need things...i truely recommend this hotel for families.	
May 21 2009 	Wow!	Absolutely loved this hotel! Got a great deal last minute from lastminute.com (while in London) &amp; it was a beautiful luxury hotel. Loved the room &amp; restaurant &amp; store across the street. Experienced fabulous service from the concierge as well as our server at dinner. Highly recommend this place.	
May 17 2009 	decent hotel for families	We spent sometime in London seeing historical sites with my young children. The Landmark Hotel offers larger than average rooms (for London) in a very nice setting. The food was a bit too British for my kids, but I enjoyed it. The Landmark is centrally located to the attractions and a Tube stop. As expected, the Landmark is not a &quot;value&quot; hotel, expect to pay dearly.I will say, it was a pleasure not having to deal with the &quot;British stuff upper lip&quot; in this hotel unlike many you will find in Mayfair.	
Apr 29 2009 	A superb hotel	I have a couple of minor gripes about this hotel which i will list first.1 - The Shower. Our shower was awful, it was either scalding hot or freezing cold, there was no way you could get a suitable temprature from it.2 - TV. A minor point but the least you can expect in 2009 is a decent TV. The one in the room looked like a survivor from the 70s.3 - Gym / Pool. When paying top money as you do for this place you would expect leisure facilities to be built into the price. This is not the case and you have to pay £10.00 per person to use the pool. gym etc. On this i will say that the leisure facilities are first class.Other than those points this place is amazing. It is 5* at its best and on a grand scale. We stayed in a satndard double room which was a good size and spotless. The 'White Company' toiletries are a real plus.Staff are incredibly professional and helpful and could not do enough for you.The Winter Lounge was stunning and the Mirror Bar was a perfect place to have one last drink after a meal out (it is quite expensive as you would expect).I would give this place 9/10 and recommend to everyone, this is certainly one of the best hotels i have stayed at.	
Apr 1 2009 	Fantastic Stay at a fantastic hotel with even better service and staff!!!	Nothing to add. Just a fantastic experience from the moment of booking to my check out and even after.	
Mar 28 2009 	Excellent hotel but for the price they could give you free WiFi and breakfast	We were booked into this luxury hotel for one night as my brother was hosting his wedding reception there. The standard double room was £140 excluding VAT, a little pricey even for London, but we opted to stay there for convenience.The staff and service were faultless, right from checking in (when we were escorted to our room) through pre-dinner drinks and exceptional during the dinner service. The room was average size and overlooked the Winter Garden, or atrium area. One of our party stayed in the hotel the night before us and had to move rooms - the restaurant in the atrium had been serving fish and the room stank of it! There was no tea or coffee in the room, and we had to call housekeeping to borrow an iron. The bed was firm and fitted with lovely white cotton sheets. Another nice thing was that they upgraded my brother and his new wife to the Bridal Suite at no extra charge.We didn't try the fitness suite/pool, as far as we could tell from the information in the room, that would have cost us about £10 each a day to use.However, for this sort of price I think they could give you tea and coffee making facilities, access to their WiFi (£14.95 a day otherwise!) and throw in a bit of breakfast. Otherwise it will cost you £25 each to eat bacon and eggs in their restaurant, or a quick trip across the road to Marks and Spencer or anywhere in Marylebone Station for something to eat or drink.I'd recommend the hotel for a wedding, or a stay, if money is no object.	
Feb 7 2009 	Great location	Me and my wife were in London last January for a long week end. After several time we decided to change hotel, but as usual we couldn't find a better deal than the Landmark.Let share my point of view. Rooms are very large and clean special for the London's standard, with a touch of old England. Second the location is unbeatable as you are in walking distance from the commercial center of the city and the subway is across the street.And last but not least if you can book early you get a very competitive rate. So if this hotel fits your budget, this is the place to stay in London.	
Jan 23 2009 	Great - IF you get a high standard room	I've been to the Landmark twice. Once with my family, during which we stayed in a Family Room. The second time I went with a friend, and stayed in a Superior Room (the most basic choice). If you do not want to spend too much money, this hotel is not for you. The Superior Room was horrible. Smaller than a normal room at the Holiday Inn. However, IF you want to spend a lot of money, and get deluxe rooms, or suites etc, enjoy your stay. This is a fantastic hotel, but only if you spend the right amount of money.	
Jan 6 2009 	Huge disappointment - overpriced too noisy to sleep and unhelpful staff	I stayed at the Landmark on the night before my wedding with bridesmaids, and then on my wedding night with my husband.Considering this is one of London's most expensive hotels, it was a massive disappointment.On both nights, there were functions in the hotel, so a decent nights' sleep was not an option. On the first night the noise was so bad that we could not only hear it, but feel it throbbing through the floor and vibrating the furniture. We complained and asked to be moved into another room, but it took an hour to achieve this, and the thumping music from the function room below could still be heard.The room keys failed to work on two occasions, so we were locked out of our room twice, which was a huge inconvenience, especially in the lead up to our wedding as we were trying to get ready in a calm environment. The second time our keys failed to work, the desk staff told us that we'd made a mistake and the room was unoccupied, even though we were booked in to it and all our luggage was in there! All this made our stay very stressful.To add insult to injury, the hotel refused to let a friend who was also a hotel guest buy us our breakfast as a gift, and staff were really unhelpful.Also, on check-in, there were no staff available to help us with our luggage, so we had to take our own bags up, which for a 5 star hotel is not what one would expect.They also charge you quite high prices for internet, which in this day and age is ridiculous.	
Jan 2 2009 	Luxurious expensive extras	We enjoyed our two night visit to this five star property, our third in a year. Our 'superior' room was spacious and well equipped. The hotel is carefully managed and the staff are friendly and competent. Some might see the location as off centre but the public transport links are excellent - including an Underground station outside the door - and the hotel is within 15 minutes walk of the better end of Oxford Street. The building includes an atrium with a garden restaurant and the general feeling is luxurious. None of this comes cheap and - while rooms are sometimes well discounted - extras are overpriced, especially the relatively poor internet access (e.g. no in-room WiFi). Recommended to travellers who know London well and are not on a tight budget.	
Dec 12 2008 	Landmark - Slightly Disappointing Stay	I stayed at the Landmark for business in November 2008. Was very excited as I had heard very good things about the hotel. While my stay was not horrible, I was not overly impressed with the location or the hotel itself. We arrived early in London and hoped for an early check-in. The hotel was full the night before and therefore we were out of luck. Understandable - no issue with that. When I did get checked in later in the day, my room was on the second floor immediately above the lobby and overlooking Marylebone. It was extremely loud being so close to the street so I asked to be moved to a higher room overlooking the atrium. The staff was very accomodating and did find a different room for me. The rooms were quite large, relative to London standards and the bed was quite comfortable.The location was convenient to Marylebone Station (directly across the street) and just down the block from Baker Street station so the access to the tube was appreciated.What lessened my impression of the hotel was actually what happened to my business colleague. We arrived back to our hotel after our first full day of work and her key didn't work to her room. She went to the front desk to get a new key and went back up to her room. When she opened the door, she found the room in quite a disarray. The bathroom ceiling had been removed and many of the fixtures were strewn across the floor of the bath and sleeping area. None of her belongings had been moved, nor had she been informed that there would be work done in her room during the day while she was gone. She had not complained about the room or requested work to be done. She called the front desk to ask about the occurrence and only at that time did they tell her that the bathroom pipes were being replaced and that they planned to assign her to a different room and that if she would get her belongings packed, they would send a bellhop to assist her.This lack of consideration and forethought by the hotel management was very disappointing. The management didn't offer to upgrade or compensate her for the inconvenience. At a hotel with the reputation of quality and service as the Landmark, I would have expected better.	
Dec 9 2008 	Always a joy	My wife and I have stayed at the Landmark many times over the last 10 years. I also stay on business occasionally too and although we've also tried The Ritz, Dorchester and others we keep coming back.We went with a couple of friends for a city break and stayed in Executive rooms on the second floor overlooking Marylebone station. They did what I asked and we had two rooms together looking outside, not in. I like the atrium view rooms but they are darker.We had a great time and our friends loved it. The rooms, as always are huge, beautifully appointed and spotless.Reception staff were brilliant and friendly. They took the bags off us at the rear of the hotel and although our rooms weren't quite ready they were in our rooms when we eventually got the key, no fuss, just done.We had a B&amp;B package with Champagne which we always do and it's probably the best thing to do else you end up feeling the breakfast price is a bit steep. Which it is but hey, it's a 5 star hotel in one of the world’s great cities and you don't do it all the time.I have noticed a few remarks about poor service and honestly I sort of know what they mean. It isn't poor really but sometimes we have experienced waits on our food orders occasionally over the years we've stayed here, but it's rare and never really stopped us coming back. The Winter Garden is fabulous and we had afternoon tea and our breakfast there.Afternoon tea is great value (at £35 a head) but remember they keep giving you plate after plate of sandwiches, cakes and scones as well as pot after pot of tea. We also had champagne so it's good value really and we were there for ages and got thoroughly stuffed!The best bit is you always see someone famous and this visit was no exception; Jasper Carrott (who ironically lives 5 minutes from where we live) was having his breakfast a few tables away. Last time it was Engelbert Humperdinck.Truly one of the worlds great hotels and I've traveled and stayed at some supposed 5 stars which don't even come close.Great location, especially for us as we always arrive by train to Marylebone at the rear of the hotel. You don't even get wet as there's a canopy between the station and hotel. It's also 15 minutes walk from Oxford Street, Regents Street etc.	
Dec 3 2008 	Fabulous hotel throughout but where's the complimentary tea and coffee?!	I stayed in The Landmark last Saturday night with two friends, after we'd all been to a rock concert and wanted somewhere spacious, but also luxurious to crash! I've actually stayed in the hotel before when it used to be The Regent. Things have improved since then, especially with the spa. Even the standard twin rooms at The Landmark are supposed to be some of the largest hotel rooms in London and they are right. The room we had was lovely and big enough to sleep four, as there were two large king size beds and the bathroom was incredibley nice and spacious. The only big disappointment was that for a five star luxury hotel you would at least expect there to be complimentary tea and coffee in the bedrooms and there was nothing! I was really annoyed, as the mini bar prices were a rip-off (as they often are) and almost all hotels have free tea and coffee making facilities, even Travel Lodges and other budget hotel chains have it, but why not in The Landmark, which is considered as one of the best hotels in London...?Despite that one major thing missing from in the room, we all found the beds comfortable and the room pleasant. Toothbrushes and razors are free as are really nice bathroom toiletries. I indulged in the spa the next morning and it was great, but there is a £10 charge just to use the swimming pool, gym and all the other facilities (unless you book a treatment). The pool area was relaxing and very quiet and is not an outside members club, it is for hotel guest use and day spa guests only, so it rarely gets to the point when there are too many people. The men and women's changing rooms both have separate steam rooms and the unisex sauna is by the pool. I would have to disagree with some other reviewers on here that have said the service is poor, as all the staff were friendly and helpful at all times to us, but I guess different people have their own opinions. I would stay in The Landmark again, but next time I expect them to put in the tea and coffee making facilities and not charge for it!	
Dec 1 2008 	Liked the Landmark	On the fringes of London's West End the hotel is located close to Marleybone station. The Landmark hotel is a very grand affair with the most stunning restaurant / atrium area and reception. The hotel is very traditional in style and service. On the whole I found the staff to be pretty good, but not amazing. They try hard but you can see they are not really too interested. But on the whole that is quite typical of London. The room I received was very grand, overlooking the atrium with a king size bed, marble bathroom, settee, desk.....very large. And the bills at the Landmark are pretty large also ! Overall I'd say it was a good stay and I would definitely return.	
Dec 1 2008 	Perfect in every way - well almost!	We have stayed at the Landmark before and having now enjoyed two delightful stays I thought it was time to share our views. The location is fantastic - immediately outside the concourse of Marylebone station and opposite an M&amp;S convenience store. From the moment you walk into the hotel you experience a feeling of opulence and luxury. Contrary to other reviews on this site we were well looked after by all who had the pleasure to serve us! From reception staff to restaurant staff; from room service to door staff - all were highly professional and thoroughly courteous. Our Executive room on the second floor was superb. Spacious, beautifully appointed and spotlessly clean. Absolutely no complaints. The bathroom was huge with a bath, his &amp; hers sinks and large walk-in shower. The minibar was well stocked (but expensive at £10.20 for G&amp;T) and our request for an iron and ironing board was sorted within 5 minutes of the call to housekeeping.The only minor complaint I have is that the breakfast in the Atrium of the Winter Garden could have been served warmer but overall we couldn't complain at the quality or quantity despite the £28 per head price tag. The buffet was excellent and by the time we had added the full English breakfast we were well set-up for the journey home.Thoroughly enjoyable stay and we will certainly return again (and again!)	
Oct 30 2008 	Who says the Landmark has poor service?	I am really perplexed by the reviews that rate poorly the Landmark due to inefficient service. In my experience everyone was extremely polite, helpful, respectful and considerate, as anyone would expect of an old-fashioned 5-star hotel. In my opinion, the Landmark is one of the best 5-star choices in London. Firstly, it tends to be less expensive than hotels of its caliber, especially if booked through agencies eg lastminute. Secondly, it is practically attached to a tube station and even has a shelter over of the crossing of the road to the station so that one does not get wet by the rain. Thirdly, it is only a 10-minute ride from Paddington, and thus great for the Heathrow Express. Lastly and most importantly it has the BIGGEST standard rooms I have ever seen in a city hotel. Most executive suites in places like Claridges, for instance, are smaller. The only problem I had was with internet connectivity. There is wireless only mon-fri, the business centre consists of one computer and is extremely overpiced. But that is all, really. The Landmark is a great place to stay, if you like traditional luxury, in its full golden, palm-tree, thick carpet, Middle-Eastern and Japanese tourist grandeur.	
Oct 17 2008 	never againthe experinece was terrible	My experience was terribleStayed just one nights and never again. Overpriced everywhere specially food, breakfast with very slow service £25 !!!.	
Oct 13 2008 	Beautiful hotel awful service	The Landmark is a beautiful hotel in a very convenient setting (handy for the Heathrow Express, shopping in cute Marylebone, Regent's Park, Bond Street, etc) so I was really looking forward to my stay. On arrival I wasn't disappointed, check-in was quick and painless (although they got my name wrong on the check-in forms &amp; on the welcome note in my room), and the room was great. Our room was large &amp; comfortable, with a great bathroom, overlooking the enclosed central courtyard (Winter Garden restaurant), and we were pleased by our complimentary bottle of champagne on arrival.The problems didn't really start until we went to the restaurant. The food for dinner was wonderful, but they took a long time to take our order and service was slow. My food had a lump of metal in it, and they offered to replace my meal but I declined, so they did not charge for it. The breakfast buffet was a real smorgasbord, with something for everyone, but the service was ridiculously slow and there were a few silly mistakes - one of the guests at our table ordered a vegetarian omelette and specifically said she didn't want any meat on her plate. Her hot breakfast was delivered well after everyone else's... with bacon! When she sent it back they just removed the bacon from the plate and sent it straight back out again, which is extraordinary.We had to ask for the table to be cleared after our first course, and then had to ask for clean cutlery when our hot breakfast arrived, then when we wanted the bill we were ignored by staff for a good ten minutes.The hotel was lovely, and when we got our food it was lovely, but the service in the restaurant was very disappointing and really let the rest of the hotel down.	
Oct 12 2008	Ok for a short staybut not very special	The Landmark hotel has a great atrium where you can have your breakfast and/or dinner. But be aware: the prices of a breakfast is about 25 Pounds, and the buffet is average.The rooms are spacious (for London rooms), the staff is polite but a little bit reserved.I found it disappointing that there was not enough warm water at 8.00AM when taking a shower. Apparently the warm water facilities are not sufficient when multiple people are taking a shower a the same time.	
Oct 11 2008 	Awful service - they simply don't care	I booked a one night stay at the Landmark through the Leading Hotels of the World service through my membership there as a special celebration, and contacted the hotel in advance to check details. My first contacts were by (repeated) emails, to which I received an &quot;out of office&quot; auto-response, which seemed rather strange. So I phoned and due to the nature of my enquiry they said that they would call me back. They didn't (twice) and I eventually wrote - again, no response. All I could do was cancel and we chose to stay elsewhere. The hotel is supposed to be 5 star but the service is quite awful - and this seems to be a recurring view that I've now read in other reviews. I've written again as a matter of principle and received some kind of holding reply, but this was weeks ago and I still have not received a proper response. My conclusion: don't bother; even in London you will find better levels of service at this price.	
Oct 8 2008 	great stay at the Landmark	upon a friend's recommendation and reading the reviews , i booked and stayed at the Landmark seven days with my wife and our eight year old son. we all loved it. spacious rooms, big bathrooms, warm rooms in the cold of december. the staff keptour extra baggage at no charge while we travelled to italy for 5 days, then came back for one more night and the same top quality experience. i have never seen anything more magical and electric as London at Xmas time with all the lights and eager excited shoppers. every meal i had was the best food no matter which restaurant i chose. far different than my school days of early 1980s. of course i returned with no money left. phew&gt; great memories	
Sep 24 2008 	Great Hotel Great Service Great Location	We stayed here in May 2007, as we wanted somewhere special to celebrate our 5th Wedding Anniversary.We had an excellent Atrium Suite, which was furnished to a high standard and with all the extras you'd expect from a top hotel. The room was spacious, clean and had fabulous views.The staff were helpful but unobtrusive and the bar was lovely, serving a wide range of drinks and with comfortable seating. Again, the staff were helpful and attentive.The location is ideal and a great base to explore London from, with the tube and Marylebone train station being just across the road.Breakfast and food in general is pricey, but very good quality and served in the lovely atrium, which is airy and great to relax in.All in all, a great hotel experience, I'd definitely stay here again and would recommend it.	
Aug 28 2008	Lovely hotel of ancient times but not worth 5 star	The overall impression was quite OK. It's an old English hotel where you can nearly feel the past times. During our stay all personnel was extremely hansome and helpful. The rooms are very large and well equipped. Two major negative points where the fact that the windows cannot be opened and the overall cleanliness of the rooms. Our daughter managed to find toys which were left by former guests behind the curtains ! We did not use an extras but those seemed quite expensive. The hotel focuses mainly on rich Arabs as the hotel was full of them during our stay and their Ferraris were all ligned up in front of the entrance.	
Aug 27 2008 	Awful service and treated like a trespasser	We booked a deluxe suite at this hotel for a special occasion - we have visited the hotel many times for the great Sunday Buffet with unlimited champagne. We were very disappointed when booking in - despite arriving quite late our room was not ready and they could not allocate another room. When we were waiting in the bar area we were accosted by a security guard and asked if we were guests of the hotel and told not to take photos of the footballers - we said we did not even know what they were talking about and the security guard was very aggressive and told us celebrities were not to be disturbed and he almost tried to chuck us out. On checking in we were given a dirty non smoking room that stank despite requesting a non smoking suite. Eventually we were moved to nicer room. We then requested an ironing board which never materialised. Breakfast was another disappointment - poor choice and very slow service. The staff joked with each other and the restaurant manager told off his staff within our earshot. I would not return and it does not deserve its 5* rating for a London hotel.	
Aug 17 2008 	Never Again!!!	We have just returned from The Landmark Hotel London, all i can say that the experince was terrible. We stayed only for one night as we wanted to have a relaxing weekend and make use of the spa. I booked through 'Last Minute.com' and it was stated that check in time was at 2pm, so turned up at 2.30pm was then told on arrival that our room was not ready and they could not tell us when the room would be ready for us. We said that we wanted to use the spa and they said we could and just leave our belongings in the lobby..... i dont think so as we had our valuables, we ended up taking our luggage down to the spa with us.With us not checking in to our room, it meant we could not get prepared for any treatments, not get our robes or slippers to use while we were down at the spa. The changing area was clean and tidy plenty of towels for you to take, but there was no individual changing room. Everything else was amazing nice enviroment to relax in - not to many people and they limit the amount of people that can use the facilities which makes it extra special.After finishing off and being relaxed for a couple of hours all i was looking forward to was getting in to my room..... receiving our room allocation, we were content that it was finally ready. On allocation of the room, which was meant to be a Delux Suite, it was terrible.. a standard bed which was a hard as a rock, air conditioning hardly working - having a shower would make your very own swimming pool in the bathroom.I was really happy when our experince was over and on our way home. I would not be visiting this hotel again.	
Aug 13 2008 	5* Landmark Hotel	Our stay at the Landmark Hotel was first rate, a truly 5* hotel, right next to Madam Tussauds and 20 minute walk to Oxford st. My executive room was huge with comfortable super king bed and beautiful marble bathroom. Room was on the 1st floor at the rear of the hotel overlooking Marylebone train station and was very quiet. Food A La Carte and very good. The central atrium within the hotel called the Winter Garden had a great restaurant and was a fantastic space showing the inside 8 stories of the hotel with glased roof. Would return to this hotel again any time.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great hotel	There for a conference - to avoid a sequence of late night/early morning journies on the Chiltern Line!This is a grand hotel - everything one would expect from a 5-star hotel in a major city. Many of the rooms are very large and very well-appointed. It is set on a busy major road, but even at the front of the hotel, the sound-proofing is excellent. The atrium is airy and lively for most of the day. Food is first-rate - though there is no longer a high-class fine dining room.Perhaps the only minor criticism I would make is that the downstairs bar is not as pleasant as the rest of the hotel - but even though the hotel is slightly away from the main tourist and business districts, there is no shortage of alternative watering holes!	
Jul 22 2008 	Loved it "wow"	Just came back from weekend away staying 5* at this hotel,all i can say is &quot;wow&quot;. Having booked through internet the price did not include breakfast as some reviews stated. As being a normal working man this was a surprise for my wife's 50 th, so this was meant to be special. When the taxi pulled up outside it hotel is fantastic and inside is even more breathtaking.The room was great not too big but not to small ,but the only downside is you pay for everything and well over the top. &quot;i know you are 5 * and you expect to pay top dollar for everything but if this wasn't special time i would have needed a bank loan !! Ok if you own your own company or have a few quid in the bank but if your on a budget this is not the hotel for you. Drinks were £5+ for a bottle of lager ie peroni ,vodka and coke £13 . Breakfast is £25 and if wanting to eat in your room extra 3.50 room service each. So thats my gripe out the way so on to the hotel.Would definately stop here again the hotel is fab ,staff are really friendly, If looking for top hotel look no futher than this.	
Jul 21 2008 	All good	All the good previous reviews are pretty spot on.Room was not as big as i was expecting after reading other reviews (we had a standard double) but it was large compared to other london hotel rooms we have stayed at. Had view of the atrim.Good location as it is next to marylebone station.Valet parking at hotel which is a nice touch (£40 per 24 hours)Leisure centre including pool (we didnt visit it) Its £10 for hotel guests to visit (£30 for non residents) which i thought was unfair especially as we were not told this when booking through BA.com (although it does tell you on hotel web site)Service &amp; staff very good &amp; helpful.Continental breakfast included which was very nice.Hotel very grand throughout.I would recommend &amp; would stay again.	
Jul 14 2008 	Excellent hotel - Well Recommended	This is the second time my wife and I have stayed at this hotel - both times in a deluxe room with breakfast included. The check-in process is very quick, and the staff on the main desk are very friendly - they will even let you into the room early if it is availalbe (which it has been for us). The deluxe room is fantastic - very large, with large bes, comfortable chairs, a large bathroom with bath and a separate large shower. Although tea and coffee making is not supplied as standard, it can be 'hired' for £10 a day - which is cheap compared to the room service costs of beverages.The food at breakfast has always been enjoyable and is served in the winter garden but I'm not sure it is worth paying £28 each for - as mentioned, its always been part of a package for us.We have always eaten out in the evening as the prices do appear to be a little high - the tube is right outside the hotel and you can access lots of good restaurants very quickly by using it.The check-in is very quick, and the staff have always been friendly, helpful and courteous - they will even let you have the room early if it is available (which it has been for us)	
Jun 19 2008	Spectacular !	This place is just great. The building is terrfiic to start with, but the conversion of the courtyard into a winter garden / atrium takes it to the next level. The decor is good too, understated and in general (see comment below) very much in keeping with the architecure of the building. I've stayed here about three times over a five year period and every time it's looked like new. That's quite a feat witha place this large and this busy. The other positive aspect is that the rooms are huge. I believe I've always stayed in standard rooms, but even on the sixth floor under the roof you have bagsof space and a nice layout. This is what makes it luxurious. I'm always a bit disappointed by so called five star hotels where you end up in a beautifully - decorated cupboard. Being cramped really takes the edge off it, but not at all an issue here. The one gripe is the carpets. Above floor level the colour scheme is harmonious, low key and really compliments the architectural features. Look down and you are hit with a blast of bright yellow, highlighted with blue geometric higlights.That said if the biggest issue is the colour of the carpet, you can't really complain. My booking was prepaid so I don't know how much the room cost. The tarif card says a standard is £ 430. That's a lot of money, but nowadays for this level of space and quality in Central London, it almost seems like a deal....	
Jun 9 2008 	Elegant hotel lovely stay	I chose this hotel after a fair bit of searching on trip advisor and was very pleased with my choice. I particularly wanted a hotel room in London which had some space and didn't feel cramped. The staff were perfect and so was the room. We stayed in an executive suite, very pleasant, nice interior, huge marble bathroom that we loved! We didn't eat there but saw the prices which were expensive.	
Apr 24 2008 	Worth splashing out on a suite!	Stayed in a lovely Juinor Suite with an inside facing room. You get to see everything going on down in the hotel lobby/lounge area from your windows. Really lovely atmosphere around the whole hotel and nice staff. The room was exactly like I'd seen on the hotel's website which I was very relieved about - I hate seeing beautiful rooms on hotel websites only to find the one I'm staying in is a boring, miserable affair. Loved the fact that the suite actually felt like a proper suite - huge sumptuous bed (very comfy) nice lounge area, two televisons, large bathroom and there was a doorbell to the suite!This hotel was actually recommended to me by a taxi driver after I moaned about my stay at the Hilton Park Lane a few weeks earlier! So glad I stayed there and one of the nicest hotel experiences I've had - highly recommend the junior suites for a romantic weekend away if you get the chance!	
Apr 13 2008 	Very Nice Weekend in the Landmark	My boyfriend and I stayed in the Landmark for Saint Patricks Weekend. Our room was lovely one of the biggest Central London hotel rooms.Dinner in the Winter Garden was delicious but very expensive. We had room service on our last night very tasty and great selection but also very pricy.I has the use of the pool and jacuzzi to myself which was a bonus great after a hard day shopping.We will defintely stay in Landmark again	
Apr 11 2008 	Excellent	This hotel is service. There was no request that they did not fulfill. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The hotel is well situated to major attractions in the city. There is a wonderful pool and excercise room.The major problem is the extra charges. The excersie room, internet and room amenties, such as a rool-away bed, are all significantly extra. Telephone charges are high.I would stay there again, but be careful of the extras.	
Apr 5 2008 	Exceptionally enjoyable!	We stayed for 2 nights at The Landmark simply because we hadn't stayed here before! We had a good room that looked over The Winter Gardens, and yes, you do hear the piano tinkling! As these rooms are 'inside' you are spared the London traffic noise but the inability to open the windows is a tad irritating - you have to rely on the air con rather than 'fresh' air. I was somewhat irritated by the fact that the room is not at all well equipped - few toiletries (no hair conditioner), no iron / board, no tea / coffee / ice, no decent hairdryer (one of those awful old fashioned 'hose' types in the bathroom with no heat / speed controls and which got too hot to handle). Having said that room service is impeccable - all needs / orders attended to in minutes. Sometimes though you just want a quick pot of tea or a quick press of your trousers without having to ask and pay! A bit petty really but other top class hotels usually provide essentials in your room. Location is a plus - straight out of the rear entrance and into Marylebone station / underground. Local shops for 'emergencies' are a 5 minute stroll onto Baker St. Felt a little irritated (again) by a £5 charge to refresh the teapot when afternoon tea is £30! My advice is 'yes' stay as it is lovely but be prepared to pay a lot for the little extras, take your own hairdryer and (most importantly) shop around for a good deal that includes breakfast - the price differences quoted for weekends have to be seen to be believed! Enjoy!	
Apr 4 2008 	Always wonderful	I just returned from another stay at the Landmark and was 100% happy as always. Their team is just excellent, every single one that we came in contact with and nothing was too much trouble. The room was fantastic, it i s way too good in fact, it took a lot to get us out of there, and I have seldom slept in such a comfortable bed. I can highly recommend this hotel, no one will leave there dissapointed.	
Feb 29 2008	very nice	Had a very enjoyable stay at the Landmark recently,Had no problems with my stay here at all,room was clean spacious and comfortable,all the staff were great.The hotel is not as central as I hoped but Marylebone station is right outside the back door.	
Jan 21 2008 	Lavish Landmark	My wife and I stayed here for a weekend . What a magnificent restored Victorian building this is ! A superb stay here was made all the more pleasant by the wine tasting event which we attended in the morning and afternoon, to have the sanctuary of our room to collapse in later was fabulous. A large room with views over the inner courtyard, Winter Garden Restaurant where I could hear the sound of a softly played piano waft upwards....( might have been the wine ?) We did not dine there but instead had Tea and Cakes in the late afternoon. Very nice but be prepared to pay more than usual.This is traditional five star elegance on a grand scale which may not be to everyones taste. Stay clear of the Mini-bar unless someone else is paying. Possibly the most expensive I've come across.Close to tube and public transportAll that said a real experience and well worth a stay.	
Jan 15 2008 	Lovely But Pricey	My husband and I stayed at The Landmark London, with my brother and sister-in-law, on New Years Eve 07. The hotel is beautiful and definately has the WOW factor. The atrium is amazing and we had rooms overlooking the winter garden (indoors). The rooms were spacious, clean and well equipted, though I would think twice about having an inside facing room, as you can't open the windows at all, which made the room stuffy, there is aircon but I really felt the need for fresh air.We didnt eat in the restaurant as it was too pricey so decided to eat in The Cellar bar which serves all day and is more resonably priced - but unfortunately this was under going a refurbishment so was shut! We did have a drink in the very nice Mirror Bar but thought the drinks were way overpriced, you expect to pay more in a hotel especially in London but £50 for 4 drinks!! I thought that was a bit much, its cheaper to drink from the mini-bar in your room! (not joking).The breakfast in the morning is also quite expensive £30 each, So we ordered tea + toast in our room, which was more relaxing.Having said all that, this hotel is beautiful and it was a fantastic experience. If money is no object to you and you want somewhere special, then stay here - with a full wallet. If not, The Chesterfield in Mayfair is a great hotel with a great restaurant!	
Jan 10 2008 	Mixed feelings	I have mixed feelings about the Landmark. It is a beautiful property with a good location for using the underground or walking IF you like to walk. But the hotel had a cold feel to it. At every turn there was overcharging and constant tipping.Do you need a whole person to show up every day with a new ice bucket checking the mini bar at 5pm??? Whymust you pay $20 a person each time you use the pool??I've NEVER been charged for pool use before.The executive room was very large and had a great bathroom. Do NOT attend their tea-the worst tea we've ever attended and $70pp-go to the Ritz. The concierge was great at the beginning but once he got his sizable tip on day one he was less than helpful. In fact on the last day they refused to print our boarding passes-they actually said we should pay to use their computer to printit. I do not appreciate that. Also on our last night the maid left fewer towels and no toiletries..that is just shabby for a hotel of this caliber.	
Jan 6 2008 	Really very good but.............	with a little more attention it would be fantastic.The room was very good just a pity it wasnt ready on check in, I arrived at 2.30pm, I was gently told off (reminded) that I shouldnt arrive before 3pm!This is quite annoying in that the next day we went shopping arrived back at approx 3pm and the room hadnt been cleaned at all.Some friends came around to join us for coffee one afternoon, the main area was fully booked apparently and they have no other public rooms where tea or coffee is served, we ended up having tea served in the room for 7 people, not what I would expect from 5 star central London hotel.Maybe I am being a bit picky because everything else was really quite good but as I often have informal meetings when in London and cannot guarantee a place for that tea or coffee I wont be staying there again	
Jan 4 2008 	Outstanding Hotel	We stayed at the Landmark in April 2005. It is an outstanding hotel, particularly for families. We booked a &quot;family room&quot; on one of the higher floors. It provided us with two rooms and three beds (one was a roll away), at a very reasonable rate. The restaurant is a little pricey, but the food is excellent. Immediately out the back door of the hotel is a train station with numerous food options, including a small market. Altogether, we were very pleased with the Landmark and would definitely book again.	
Dec 28 2007	Honeymoon Stay	Stayed here for 3 days as part of honeymoon. Lovely hotel, room was fantastic, (got upgraded free of charge). Food on xmas day was fantastic and staff were always polite and attentive. Only drawback if there is one, is that they do not supply tea and coffee in the rooms, so you have to have it sent up, which can be expensive. Location is ideal, quite but within easy walking distance of regents park, hyde park, and all the shops on oxford street.	
Dec 26 2007	Old but stylish charge for pool!	We stayed in the Landmark for our pre-Xmas London spree. Well located at the Marylebone underground station, this is an old and stylish hotel. As everything in London it is expensive, but the rooms were large and quiet. The hotel 'forgot' to communicate the pool charge ($22 adult/$15 child) though, which we found completely outrageous.	
Dec 16 2007 	Pretty Poor	They say 1st impressions are the most important. Landmark reception staff are not aware of this important issue. Checked in at 3pm for 4 rooms. None of them were ready. Reception Staff argued in stage whispers as to who would carry on dealing with us. We were offered complimentary tea/coffee in the basement bar with a promise to come get us when rooms were ready.....by 4pm we had to go to reception to find out when they would be ready and keys then magically appeared. My keys did not work, and I was advised to go back down to reception from the top floor to get new keys, rather then concierge come to us. Pretty poor for £183 per night and NO BREAKFAST....oh, and then on checkout, they tried to invoice me for someone else's theatre tickets!	
Dec 3 2007 	Out of this world	I've just stayed in this hotel with 2 colleagues on a business trip &amp; I have to say it's one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in.It's in a really good location &amp; the staff are lovely.My room was fantastic &amp; the meal we had in the evening was superb.I have to say, breakfast didnt match up to it's £28 price tag, it was just a Full English after all. If I was paying, I would have gone to the Cafe over the road.No tea/coffee making facilities in the rooms but this is pretty normal for a 5 star hotel.My room overlooked the Winter Garden &amp; I agree with a previous post, it would be lovely if you could open the doors onto the balcony.Overall, I would recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Nov 26 2007 	Very Nice Landmark	Rooms are very nice. Beds very clean &amp; new looking. Bathrooms very nice. Stayed in a deluxe room overlooking winter garden, shame window did not only. Food was excellent. It is a big hotel &amp; my room was on the other side of the lifts, took at least 5 minutes to walk round. Also key did not work once had to go to reception, a long walk, to get back in. The tarrifs seemed expensive @£470, however business trip so did not pay.Overall a high standard hotel which you should not be disappointed in if you get the right price and room overlooking the winter garden.	
Nov 13 2007	Not for Business Travellers	My wife and I start at the Landmark for 7 nights in an Executive Room in early November. In our view, the hotel is nothing more than pleasant. The food (per person when ordering room service) is expensive even for London standards (£44 for 2 burgers!) although the quality is reasonable. As a business traveler the hotel is sub standard and I would not stay there again or recommend it as an option for other business travelers. They have no business channel (unless you speak German…what’s with this – the cheap subscription option?) which is ridiculous (and not even comprehensible in a 5 star hotel). Secondly, you can only get internet access for 24 hours at £15 – again ridiculous when nearly all hotels would offer it by the hour or smaller parcels of time. Thirdly, you are charged £3.50 per day for a Financial Times – even if this is your newspaper option rather than the Times. And finally, they charge guests of the hotel to use the gymnasium? This is a very rare concept in most luxury hotels and one which is only acceptable, in my view, if what they are offering is exquisite – which it isn’t. In fact, the gym appears somewhat of an afterthought despite a recent upgrade. It is not large enough to do many exercises (such as jumping without hitting your head on the roof) and there is no space for floor exercises or warming up (I admit that the pool is however nice). On the plus side, the executive room is very spacious, the daily cleaning is fantastic, the staff are pleasant and the Hotel is somewhat Grand. However, these positives don’t really outweigh the negative of being located slightly out of the way (it is not a cheaper option despite this) and the inconveniences for business needs.	
Nov 2 2007	Definently NOT worh the money	I am currently staying with the Landmark hotel and I am very disappointed thought I would arrive at a five star hotel but it seems that I have arrived at a three star hotel only. The reception staff was neutral - not nice and welcoming but not rude either. However, the biggest disappointment is the room. It is shabby and would need a renovation. The carpet is ugly and old, and the bathrooms are old-fashioned. In addition to this, there is no wireless internet connection in the hotel even though it markets itself as a business-hotel!! So for internet access one has to pay £ 15 for 24 hours use. Also, the prices for room service are ridiculous. For one big cup of coffee the hotel charges you some £ 11 (£ 7.95 for the coffee + a cover charge of £ 3.50 for the order). However, there are many small shops just next to the hotel where one can buy a coffee for £ 2...The hotel is definitely over priced (£ 350-450/night) - you do not get value for money here. I would not recommend this hotel to anybody for the prices it is charging. Also, in the hotel is very big and impersonal - if you wish to have a personal stay in London you should not choose to stay at the Landmark.	
Oct 30 2007 	Huge disappointment	Stayed here for 4 nights with our children aged 4 and 6 and wanted a special location for their first trip to London. Payed a fortune for 4 nights and were terribly disappointed, We have stayed in many 5 star hotels and this is probably the least child friendly. We had a family room but were never given towels for the children or toiletries. They could only use the pool from 8 to 10 am and each swim cost £30 for them and one of us. Had many complaints about basic hygiene and services and generally would not recommend.	
Oct 16 2007 	30th Landmark!!	I spent days (and nights!) trawling the internet and asking friends where would be the best place to stay in London, regardless of price for a special birthday treat!? We were booked into petrus on monday 25th to eat and so traveled on the sunday for a two night stay.My girlfriend and i cannot recommend this hotel highly enough... Our stay, from the minute the valet offered to park our car and deliver our bags to the room until they parked it back outside the front doors was pure class.We had the best breakfasts we'd ever had and the room (overlooking the atrium) was beautiful, clean and massive..On the monday night we arrived back from our lovely meal at around 00.30 and rang room service for a dvd player which arrived within minutes.I spent 2 years working around the country, staying in hotels and b&amp;b's and i can honestly say none of them come close to this place... save yourself the square eyes looking at every review like i did and stay here. oh and have the afternoon tea sent up to your room it'll make you smile!!!  happy travels	
Oct 9 2007 	Disappointing stay ruined by excessively loud band poor disorganised service	We have stayed at the Landmark before (4 years ago) and we have frequented both their restaurants over the past years. We had a nice stay back then so we decided to spend two nights to celebrate my partner's 40th birthday. As Londoners wo have travelled extensively throughout the UK, we fully expected the hotel to have the typical London standards of &quot;twice the price and half the value&quot; but we were not prepared for this disappointing stay. It didn't start off well. The front of the building (where the underground car park is) was closed due to construction. We had to park at the NCP a few blocks away.Check in was quick and efficient and we were shown to our room (No. 126). However, our first impression was that the standards have slipped since our last stay and the room was showing signs of wear and tear and poor maintenance. The decor, furniture and carpet were faded and drab. The cushions of the two-seat sofa were so soft it was difficult to sit comfortably. The repairs done to the room were of poor quality: the cracked floor was badly patched up (see photo) and even the installation of the carpet showed poor workmanship (see photo). The closet doors did not close properly so the light always stayed on. What a waste of electricity. There were two bathrobes but only one pair of slippers. The hairdryer is very old and outdated and kept falling apart when I tried to use it. The room had two televisions (also outdated) and were awkwardly positioned, making it difficult to relax and watch TV comfortably. No tea/coffee-making facilities so we ordered a tea and a cappuccino from room service. We were told it would be up in 15 minutes. It took 45 minutes. Turn down service was efficient but the housekeeper left her cleaning supplies in our room. The mini bar was not replenished.The following day, we found a note under our door from the hotel requesting that we contact reception. The time on the note stated 10:23am but obviously, it was delivered well after that time as we left the hotel at 11:30am and returned at 3:30pm. When we rang reception to enquire about the note, no one was able to tell us why we received it in the first place, despite mentioning the name of the person who signed the note. So we just assumed it couldn't have been too important. We ordered room service for dinner (the items on the Middle Eastern menu were excellent and we were not disappointed that the meal was as delicious as the first time). We then left at 7pm for a West End show. We noticed there were many people arriving for a function. We returned to the hotel at 11pm and by then there were quite a few people in the main areas and it was obvious there was some sort of loud function. Unfortunately, the level of noise in our room coming from the live band was EXTREMELY loud. To our horror we realised our room was just above the band. We are not exaggerating when we stay the floor was vibrating!! We contacted reception twice. The first time, we were told they would ask them to turn down the sound but the party was going to last until 1 am. A half hour later it only got louder. We called reception again and were told they would report the problem to the night manager. The booming music was so loud we didn't hear the phone ring. Our heads were throbbing and by the time 1 am arrived, we were frustrated, disappointed and exhausted. The next morning, we checked our phone messages and the night manager had left us a message the night before, asking us to contact reception (that was the phone call we didn't hear the night before). Reception had no trace of our complaint when we checked out. We had to repeat the same problem over again and by this point, insist to speak to the manager. The manager promptly arrived and dealt with our concern in an efficient, yet cold and uncaring manner. He didn't even introduce himself to my partner or shake her hand. He explained that we had been given a note to warn us of the party below our room and we were supposed to change room. However, as I stated above, when we did enquire that afternoon, no one was able to give us that information. He also explained that the night manager was going to make arrangements for us to go to another room for the night but we didn't get the message until the next morning so it was too late. The night manager never bothered to follow up on the phone call so we had to endure 2 hours of booming, excessive noise. We were even able to capture the noise on video. We just watched it and one can clearly hear the music booming... &quot;Love Shack&quot;, oh the irony! The cost of one-night's stay was waived from our bill which was a small consolation, given the fact that our special occasion was ruined. When my partner asked why the hotel had allocated that room in the first place, knowing full well there was going to be a loud reception... she received a dismissive response and another insincere apology. More attentive and efficient staff could have handled this situation much better. The attitude seems to be &quot;do little with the least effort possible&quot;. This is a 5-star hotel, standards and service are far below par. Staff are incredibly disorganised and inefficient. There was no reason for us to endure 2 hours of excessive noise. With better planning, consideration for guests and communication, we could have easily been allocated another room. The Landmark is a real disapppointment.	
Oct 4 2007 	Terrible disappointment	We stayed here prior to some surgery at a nearby hospital. The room can only be described as average given the price. The restaurant was truly terrible. The food was very, very poor and the service was so slow - I gave up on getting a pudding after sitting there for 3 hours. As for ambience, the fake plants on a platform in the centre of the hotel feels more like eating in the middle of a shopping centre. Finally, the service was unacceptable - at a hotel of this standard and quality, you expect and deserve a &quot;can do&quot; attitude - we just got a &quot;can't do&quot; attitude. I'm sorry, but I really couldn't recommend this hotel at the price, there are much better hotels in London.	
Sep 26 2007	Airy spaciousness	This is a very grand establishment that was built as a hotel in the early 1900's and then became a railway company offices. It was 'rescued' in the 1980's I think and underwent a seven year refurbishment to restore it as a lovely hotel.It is popular with middle eastern guests and reflects their wealth in the quality and pricing of its services, which are very good but perhaps a bit pricey for regular tourists.It is easy to get to from all of the north London railway terminals and Marylebone Station is literally across the street.The best feature is the winter garden which is in the centre of the hotel and beneath a glass atrium roof. The sheer height of the ceiling mutes noise very well making this a very studious and quiet place to dine. Spa and pool area is brand new and excellent quality. Child friendly too. Rooms are spacious and grand reflecting the age and history of the hotel.	
Sep 23 2007 	Lovely hotel	Stayed at Landmark for weekend of my birthday. Staff were very friendly. Room was spacious, clean and very comfortable. Food in restaurant was really good. Only down side was that there was no tea/coffee making facilities in room and food and drink is very very expensive. Enjoyed the stay though and would definitely go again. For breakfast I went across the road to Marlybone Station and got a bagel and coffee for us both for a fraction of the cost of the hotel food. Not usually that tight, but you will see what I mean if you stay there.	
Sep 13 2007 	Pretentious Overrated Rip Off	Stayed here for a weekend with fiance after staying in Paris for a week. Location is great, right across from the tube. However, upon arriving doorman is rude, does not help us with luggage....or even open the door for us. Upon checking into the room we were put in this odd corner wind tunnel. Every time our neighbor opened their door it would create a windtunnel that would slam our door against the doorjam. This was extremely loud at 3:00 a.m. when our neighbors got in and 6:00 a.m. when they checked out. The hair dryer in the room blew a fuse and it took over 45 minutes for an electrician to come. Needless to say we missed our dinner reservations, no apology from management. The second night we asked to move our room because of the noise. We moved down the hall and after being in our new room for five minutes realized we left a bottle of cologne in the other room. Walked back over and the maid was in there, cologne already vanished. Said she never saw it. Hmm. Breakfast, ugh. . Food was absolutely awful, tasted like a Denny's rest stop. Asked our waitress for the toast we never received, figuring that was the only thing edible. I don't know what point she was trying to make but she brought out 15 slices stacked up, no butter, no jam. We both were completely turned off after that.Overall, the rooms are big, marble bathrooms are very nice. General decor of the hotel is nice. Unless you're at least 80 and look like Daddy Warbuck, expect extremely poor service. The worst hotel experience I have ever had.	
Aug 23 2007 	Worst Hotel in London. No security	I was in the Hotel just two days when my hotel room was robbed by a person the maid allowed in the room. Staff and mangement of the hotel did not help at all and tried to stop me from going to police. Very poor training of staff and the manager of the hotel was rude and refused to help. Hotel is a disaster and anyone who plans to stay there or hold an event there should avoid. I needed to hire a lawyer before a settlement was made. Owners foreign, prices high and basically a three star hotel trying to present itself as a 5 star hotel. Avoid or risk your property.	
Aug 22 2007 	It's the little things that matter...	Having stayed at the Landmark several times I was pleased to be going back. The last time I was there I had enjoyed a nice swim in the morning and had breakfasted in the winter garden with much pleasure.This time though I too was disappointed to see that they had felt the need to charge an extra ten pounds per person for the health club use. I too feel that as a luxury hotel they should not partake in the nasty habit of adding on as an extra what are in effect part and parcel of the hotel and its facilities.Drama in the morning this time when I ordered my breakfast at 09:30 and by 10:20 it still had not arrived. Upon calling room service I was informed that it had left the restaurant and would arrive with me shortly. It did and it was cold. I was upset and called to moan and they duly offered me another breakfast to be delivered but it was a bit late and I had to leave.An apology given to my partner at reception was appreciated but not as much as the breakfast would have been.Still would give them another chance though. For romantic reasons if nothing else....	
Aug 17 2007 	Nice Hotel but Poor Customer Service and Security	Very attractive hotel but very poor attitude to customers and poor security. No porters to help people get taxis at front door after midnight and when we complained the manager responded that they didn't see it as their job to help customers with taxis. Difficult to find any staff around after midnight, even at the front door!! Any number of people with bad intentions could walk into the hotel without being stopped. Sad because could be a great hotel with better management.	
Aug 12 2007 	Okay but you can find much better	Well, after searching through the hundreds of hotels in London, I decided on this one based on the location (close to the Tube), as well as the supposedly large rooms. I emailed ahead to ask for an earlier check-in time, as I was arriving at 11 am. I also signed up for the iPrefer program, which entitled me to PRIORITY early check in, free room upgrade, free internet, etc. When I arrived, and wanted to check in early, I was told to come back in several hours. They didn't even check if any room were available, but just said that it's too early for checking in. Then, after waiting around for nearly three hours, in desperate need of a shower and a place to change, I got a room. Of course, no higher room category was available. So much for the iPrefer benefits.The room was nice, but MUCH smaller than I thought it would be. The hotel itself is really nice looking, but it shows signs of age, as did my room. You would hear people walking down the hallway. I enjoyed my stay, despite numerous problems (internet wouldn't work, key card wouldn't open my door, twice, and having to go down to get it reset, maids knocking despite the DND sign, etc.).I must also mention that breakfast was good, but I only ate at this hotel because it was included; I would never, ever pay the equivalent of $70 US for breakfast!!In all, a convenient location and nice hotel, but the numerous problems I encountered and unwillingness of the staff to accomodate my needs would make me think twice about staying at this hotel again in the future.	
Aug 8 2007 	Excellent hotel and service	I wound up booking the Landmark at the last minute after problems with another hotel I had booked. I got a decent rate at the Landmark, and although the price was much more than the other hotel, I only had to book one room at the Landmark because the rooms are so large. My wife and son couldn't have been happier with the hotel. Yes, the location is a bit out of the way, but as many others have said, it's right on top of Marylebone Station which makes it easy to get to anywhere in London quickly.The service at the hotel was impeccable. The room was always cleaned perfectly and the concierges were extremely helpful. I even received a handwritten note from the hotel's manager congratulating my wife and I on our anniversary.However, even though the hotel rates are expensive, they do nickel and dime you to death. I generally expect to get a certain amount of that, but here it was much more so than I've ever been nickeled and dimed to death at any hotel. I made a 10 minute phone call to American Express and was charged 75 pounds for it. That was outrageous.That said, there's no need to do anything in the hotel other than chill out or sleep. Use the gym? Are you kidding? You'll be walking 20 miles a day touring London.Need a snack, coffee, Whopper? All either in the station or at the nifty little coffee shop on the corner.Need a drink? The hotel is within walking distance of numerous pubs.Need to check your e-mail? There's an internet cafe right down the street.Mind you, I'm a big fan of convenience and am willing to pay for it, but the charges the hotel adds on for those conveniences are beyond what a lazy guy like me is willing to pay. Besides, nothing like heading out to check your e-mail and getting to stop in a pub or two (or three, or four) on your way there and back.In spite of all the various charges, there is no doubt I'd be willing to stay at the Landmark again.	
Aug 5 2007 	Very nice hotel	We booked a family room, a superior room and a deluxe room and the family room was gigantic and its bathroom had both a (large) walk in shower and a bath tub. The room faced the atrium (winter garden) which was nice. That was excellent as we had a bride and her bridesmaids preparing themselves (for a wedding not in the Landmark itself) and they had ample room. The room has two queen sized beds which were fine for two grown ups and two kids. We had them steam a dress and press a shirt and everything came back quickly. Room service for food was all right. Some women used the hotel hair salon and all were pleased with the final outcomes though in one case (the bride), the first attempt was not as she wanted it.The superior room was much smaller but still nice though it faced the outside which is at present covered with scaffolding.I never saw the deluxe room but those staying there were very happy with it. It too faced the outside but was on the sixth floor above the scaffolding.The bar was a bit pricey but not outrageous and our group lounged happile there late in the night.One thing I was unhappy about was that the back entrance, which is where you normally board taxis, closes in the late evening and it is inconvenient to hail a taxi from the front entrance, especially when it is raining cats and dogs. I wish they'd figure out a better way for guests to catch taxis late.The prices we got for the room were fair for the quality.	
Jul 20 2007 	Fall from Grace!	I have stayed in many of London's luxury hotels and have constantly found that The Landmark sets the bench mark amongst London hotels, for quality and service. This is truely a fantastic hotel and as well as staying many times, I have recommended it to many people who have also loved it.The rooms are immaculately presented and are spacious by London standards.The hotel is slightly further away from some of the main tourist attractions than other hotels, but don't let that put you off as there is plenty of interest within walking distance of the hotel and, besides, Marylebone railway station and underground tube station are at the rear of the hotel and can be reached within seconds on foot. A stroll down Marylebone High Street is well worth the time. There is also a good supply of taxis outside the hotel because of the proximity to the railway station. During my most recent stay I had a number of problems that, had I not stayed previously, may have put me off returning to The Landmark in future. As is often the case, it was the accumulation of numerous small issues that tarnished our stay.I have one new aspect of the hotel that I find very disappointing. The hotel recently renovated the fitness centre and spa and have decided to charge each guest £10 a day for access. My wife and I both like to work out when we stay in hotels but we tend not to use the other facilities. This means that we end up paying an additional £20 per day on top of our room rate to use a gym for around 45 minutes a day. Is it just me or does this sound cheap for a luxury hotel? According to the management at The Landmark I am alone in my views on this charge so if anyone who has stayed feels the same then please let them know.I will definitely be going back and I would still recommend it to friends. I hope that by my next stay, they will have ironed out the problems that we encountered on out last visit and maybe they will have even dropped the £10 gym charge - I am an optimist!I will update this review after my next stay when I will hope to report that The Landmark is once again it's fantastic self.	
Jul 17 2007 	Food outrageously priced and Chef needs replacing!	We booked this directly through the hotel's website, as this was the best rate for the Landmark after having searched endlessly for a good rate for a family of four for London. Most other hotels in London would require you to pay for two rooms for a family of four, at a rate of at least 150-190 pounds plus 17.5% VAT for each room for a decent four star hotel, and so our Family deal for the Landmark of 299 pounds, VAT inclusive per night as well as free English breakfast sounded like a very good deal indeed. However, you do get what you pay for. Despite wonderfully furnished rooms being shown on the hotel website, our room (not a suite) was lacking in furniture &amp; decor and looked liked it had been recently robbed. Bare walls and stained carpeting from a configuration of furniture that no longer were in that place led us to believe that the room will soon be undergoing renovation at some point. This is NOT a room of the standard of the rest of the hotel, hence why they are discounting it, as it would be scandalous to ask more than the 299 pounds per night for this room. If it weren't for the added VAT as well as the free English breakfast being thrown into the deal, this room would not have been worth it. The hotel is also under renovation in the front area, with scaffolding everywhere, so you have to enter through the back only. This was a fact conveniently left off the hotel's website. No hair conditioner as amenities, although the hotel was very free with the replenishing of the soap, etc. When hair conditioner was requested it was supplied adequately.Staff is friendly and professional, mostly non British. Very respectul, they open doors and defer at all times, as they should for a 5 star hotel. The staff were always helpful. Every single time that we rang housekeeping for an iron &amp; board, extra towels, hair conditioner, etc. a staff member arrived within five minutes. Very good service. The food. Where can one start? I thought that the idea of 1980's &quot;nouvelle cuisine&quot; was dead, as you can only push tiny portions at exhorbitant prices for so long on the public. However, &quot;nouvelle cuisine&quot; is the order of the day for this hotel's food. Uninspired, bland, badly cooked, ripoff prices--the food here is scandalous. A child's meal for 14 pounds contained a tiny hamburger, some chips and TWO tiny onion rings. An Angus steak for 26 pounds was pan fried (gross), small and a bad cut. It came with a tiny bit of spinach and 2-3 mushrooms finely diced. A breakfast of poached eggs with asparagus and beaurnaise sauce was two tiny eggs sitting on 3-4 asparagus spears with some sauce on it. Not enough to even feed my cat. 15 pounds for that bit of eggy vegetable.The free breakfast was horrendous for the price. Continental breakfast at 20 pounds sterling was coffee, tea or juice, with fresh fruit (not even blueberries or raspberries at that price but strawberries were the priciest fruit made available), muesli and sometimes stale croissants and other glazed types of patisseries. We were given a meal card upon checking in which advertised that we would only have to pay 1 pound for each year of the child's age for breakfast (ie. a 3 year old pays 3 pounds, an 8 year old pays 8 pounds). Although our breakfast was included in our room's nightly charge, we were still presented with a bill every morning, sometimes the bill would accompany your hot food at the beginning of the meal which we found terribly tacky to say the least. Where on earth does your food get presented along with the bill? A cafeteria of course! And this would appear to be how quickly the hotel wants you to eat your breakfast! The sum for the breakfast was manually reversed off of our bill by someone behind the scenes, but we still had to go through receiving a bill every morning despite it being part of our Family deal. Every morning the children's breakfasts were charged differently, and every morning they chose to eat from the continental buffet already set up. We were there for 6 nights. One two mornings the girls were charged 20 pounds EACH for a few items off of the Continental breakfast buffet. Some mornings the drinks did not appear on the bill.The restaurant must be the most inefficient I have ever encountered and must bleed profit from every orifice if they can't even standardize food preparation, serving, billing, etc. On the other hand, if you are charging such extremely high prices for everything, I suppose that you will always make a huge profit no matter how glaringly obvious the mistakes are to those in the industry! Four slices of cold toast, 5 pounds, 25 pence. Freshly squeezed orange juice? The same price. Almost every morning the toast came out cold on a toast rack. One morning the omelette joined the toast in being served cold. How gross. And this is 5 star fare? This is not food for the affluent. This is badly prepared, badly served &amp; badly priced. The location of the hotel is ideal, being located right across from Marlebone tube &amp; train station. Overall, one gets the feeling of being &quot;nickeled and dimed&quot; to death at this hotel, which was awful. Need to use the computer in the business office? A pound a minute. Seriously. A better deal for London is Kingsway Hall in Covent Garden, which although is only 4 stars and the furniture looks somewhat tired depending on the room that you get has a fabulous huge breakfast buffet with freshly cooked food which is constantly being replenished throughout the morning. And I don't remember it being more than 10-13 pounds sterling per person. And the hotel amenities are Molton Brown, a step above the amenities from the Landmark. The Landmark only places Molton Brown in their downstairs bathrooms and not the hotel rooms.	
Jul 17 2007 	Our favourite - a wonderful and special experience	We (2 adults + 2 children) were meant to stay at the Hilton Metropole for 2 nights but having discovered at 8pm (after our day out) that our non smoking room was given to someone else and the Hilton would do nothing about it we contacted The Landmark. We knew that The Landmark had an excellent repuation and we were now desperate to console ourselves and our children. An angel called Margarite took our call and turned our special weekend in London from a nightmare into a wonderul experience we will not forget in a long time. Yes The Landmark is more expensive than the Hilton (which you would expect when comparing the quality) but we decided that we would rather have one night of luxury, than two nights in the over priced Hilton 'cattle market' (see my review). Even upon entering The Landmark you know you have done the right thing. It is wonderful. You are enveloped by serenity, calmness and beauty. Our spacious room was magnificient with luxurious bed linen and furniture. We had dinner in the magnificent dining room where the the food was delicious and the service was excellent. The children were made welcome and we were treated like royalty. We could not stop smiling. Breakfast in another beautiful dining room was superb. By now we were making jokes like, 'I am scared I am going to wake up and this is all a dream and we are back at the Hilton!' I am still glowing from our experience. My husband has promised me that we can stay two nights next time to enjoy the Spa and I cannot wait! Thank you to all the staff at The Landmark who made us so welcome.	
Jun 22 2007	Beautiful hotel but mixed experience	Stayed here for 4 nights &amp; had a very mixed experience. The hotel itself is beautiful with lots of history &amp; well situated. HOwever, my experience did not meet my expectation or the prices charged. Paid 429 GBP/night (+ tax) &amp; got an average size room with a tiny porthole window. Requested a room change &amp; finally got another room with more light. Not particularly big (&amp; apparently much smaller than what other reviewers got). The second room was fine, but there was a problem with the bathroom. The sink faucets were reversed, so I thought that there wasn't any hot water the first night (they're correctly placed in the shower &amp; tub). That issue was never addressed by the hotel, even though I raised the issue several times.Service is very spotty. A few people were excellent, including a front desk traineee. However, MANY were not. Often the front desk was staffed by a single trainee who didn't have the experience or poise to handle the situation himself. I think that the hotel was probably understaffed. Also, health club was closed when I was there.Towards the middle of the stay, realized that the rate was much higher than other available rates (269 GBP/night available on internet). Given that I was paying a premium, I should have gotten better service or a nicer room. For the last night, found a room at the Sheraton -Paddington Station (for 69 GBP including tax through lastminute.com) &amp; jumped ship. My stay there was just as pleasant as the Landmark.One tip: exit through the back door to Marylebone Station &amp; there's a great Marks &amp; Spencer (actually at all train stations) food stor, which is perfect for a quick snack or breakfast on hte run.	
Jun 22 2007 	Hmmm disappointed.	The Landmark used to be my favourite hotel in London, now I think I will not return.First the positive, the location is great, the hotel beautiful and the staff very friendly. Our suite was spacious and nice, but the decor begins to be outdated, especially in the corridors. You feel that they try to keep the room rates low by charging for everything extra. Internet £15 extra per day, gym £ 10 extra per day and it is not that it is a cheep hotel. In the bathroom there is only one set of amenities - one shower gel, one shampoo and one body lotion. That is saving money and I find it very cheep.Was not impressed with housekeeping either. One day the suite was not made up until 5pm and the maid managed to forget her toilet brush in our toilet and closed the lid over it.On our invoice we have had a £ 30 surcharge for a room upgrade which we did not have. Also three different new paper charges, odd amounts. No receipts for any of this.Another thing which makes an individual traveller uncomfortable is the amount of conferences they have at the Landmark. To me, 5* means that I am being recognised as a hotel guest. The Landmark failes to do so.	
Jun 7 2007 	Must Read .. Some Tips!	My boyfriend &amp; I booked three nights on Hotels.com. When we arrived we were shown our room right away and had no problems what-so-ever checking in. The Suite was HUGE (end room). I thought the hotel was absolutely beautiful! &lt;br&gt; The room service breakfast was not all that great and way too expensive .$60 USD for two eggs over easy, pancakes and some fruit... GEEZ! But we were lazy and hungry and continued to order room service. Then we found out there is a small ma/pop breakfast joint right down the street- that serves, chips (fries) eggs, sausage, bacon, toast, pancakes all for just $5.00 -- yes!!! and it was great! Also, there is Mark's market across the street for some pre-made sandwiches (not like the old looking sandwiches we find in stores here) When our three days were up, every other hotel was booked or too far from where we needed to be so we extended our stay at the Hotel for another 7 days and the rate jumped from 255.00 USD to 560.00 USD per night. We had a few problems with billing after that. The hotel billed us for internet usage that we didn't use- Which was about $30 USD a day.They checked us into the new room that we extended our stay into, then called that VERY SAME night to say we would have to be out in the AM for someone else who reserved it! I was really upset about this.. we're on vacation, who wants to move AGAIN?? Their fault... I said I wasnt moving unless they gave me another end room (much bigger) and gave me a better rate. They agreed - so I thought- We got a bigger room. Maid service is not all that great, but overall the hotel and the rest of the staff was ABSOLUTELY GREAT!!! The bartenders in the Mirror Bar in the Hotel are AWESOME -- !!! You can spend some pretty big money in there- depending what you drink... haha our nightly bill was probably 1500 USD - we drink good wines, not a lot! LOLI enjoyed the fitness room and Steam room inside the locker room!! That was grrrreat! Once I got back to the states I realized they had put a hold on my credit card for 4,000.00 USD as if the $17,000 we spend there was not enough! It took them about 2 weeks to remove the hold but they worked very hard with my cc to do so and called me back every 30 mins from the UK. MSColumbus, Ohio	
Jun 4 2007 	Mixed Experience	Stayed one night at the Landmark in late May. I've stayed in many London hotels recently and had high expectations, some of which the property met, others it did not.Problems on Arrival: I booked through their website, but they had no record of my reservation and their reservation dept was closed. Fortunately, I had received and kept 2 emails from the Landmark welcoming me so was able to share them with front desk and secure a room at the rate contracted via the website. A room was ready at 2.30pm (despite the email saying check in time at 2). I went to the newly opened spa/health club to ask to see the fitness center so I could plan my workout into my day. I was told I couldn't see it until after 4pm because there were treatments in session and the treatment rooms were along the hallway that led to the fitness center. Seriously. fortunately, I ran into another guest at the front desk who could explain the details of gym.Getting better: Once I was able to check in, I found my bags waiting for me in my room (as you'd expect of this level hotel, but sometimes this hasn't been the case!). The room was a fine size, nicely accommodating for American travelers with an American-style power socket at the desk. Very comfortable bed, linens, etc. I was disappointed that my room wasn't turned down between 6-8.30 when I went out for dinner, but not too bothered. The bathroom was also quite large for a London hotel. I made it to the gym which was incredibly compact but had everything a fitness crazed person could want. The spa locker room could do with a few minor/detail improvements -- e.g., shower size towels available (I had to wait 5 minutes), body lotion as part of the very well equipped amenities bar. Location is great for most things -- right across from the Marlebone tube/ train station. And easy access to Baker Street tube station. In Marylebone, coffee shop, plus a Marks &amp; Spencers food outlet. Overalll, an above average stay, and yet the initial welcome was incredibly off-putting. Feels like a very large, impersonal hotel, and large of course it is!	
May 24 2007 	Great Hotel	This is a great hotel - top notch service and great rooms - full luxury. Directly across the street from tube station which was very convenient because the location of the hotel is not ideal for walking. We were traveling with our children and had no complaints - absolutely great.	
May 22 2007 	Nice place but not organised	We stayed 1 night at the Landmark as part of a very large party attending a prestigious awards ceremony. Athough they knew 100 rooms were needed for the event they didn't have them ready. Many of us didn't take too well to being told we had to change for our black tie event in the health club. Luckily we got a room, and it was very elegant and comfortable. Apart from being a bit phased when the staff wouldn't let us use the lifts as they were transporting goods, the stay went well.	
May 18 2007 	Expensive but well worth it.	We stayed at the Landmark for a week this past April and found it to be wonderful. London is likely the most expensive city in all Europe so take two suitcases, one for clothes and another with your money. Having said that the entire experience was great. The location is good only two Tube stops from paddington station where we came into the city by rail from Heathrow. The Landmark is near Regent Park, Baker Street and the wax museum, but more importantly if you step out the back of the hotel and walk beneath a glass awning you enter the Marylebone tube station. We arrived at about 8:00am from Toronto and they had our room ready by 10:30. We had a family room facing the interior courtyard. The hotel is like the pictures on the website. The hotel was spotless, the service was great and it was everything one might expect of a 5 star hotel. Expensive but we knew that when we booked it, and were pleased to find that it didn't disappoint. The lobby and rooms are spectacular and we enjoyed the classical pianist each day playing on the second level. Unfortunately the spa and pool are under renovation so we can't comment on that aspect of the hotel. We didn't eat in the hotel, spending most of the time exploring the city and dining out at various great restaurants. The tube station had a Marks and Spencer fresh food store as well as a couple of coffee shop / bagel stops to have a light breakfast before heading out. The hotel bars were quiet so we went to several local pubs a couple of evenings where there was more going on.I think for the prices they charge that they should include internet service which I think was about 14GBP a night. They lost our business and we went down the road a block to an internet cafe where it was 1GBP / half hour to check our email every couple of days. There were several different people staffing the concierge desk and they were always very helpful. It would perhaps have been less expensive to search around for theatre tickets but we simply let them make the arrangements and we got into every event we wanted. We considered football tickets which they could also get but as the playoffs were on it was going to be way too expensive and found a pub to watch the games on TV.This trip was a &quot;once in a lifetime&quot; university graduation present for our daughter and we enjoyed the whole trip. The hotel was great and I'd highly recommend it.	
May 17 2007 	Beautiful hotel - shame about some of the service!	This was my second stay at The Landmark - the hotel itself is most definitely 5 star and a wonderful example of a very well kept luxury hotel in LondonHowever the restaurant is unbelievably expensive - I realise it is a top London hotel but even so £25 for fish and chips and the same for Salmon caesers salad in what is a very average restaurant - is far too much!Drinks in the bar with a cocktail at £12.50 each again is very expensive even by London hotel standardsBreakfast is particulary poor service wise - at one point the waitress actually entered into an argument with us about how we wanted our breakfast cooking! Again very expensive and not worth it quality or service wiseThe rooms are lovely - however you would expect bottled water by the beds at turn down - no such benefit at The Landmark - they didnt even bother to give us a turn down service the night we stayed there and on complaining about this nobody was very concerned - the reply was &quot; we cant do anything about it now!&quot;We werent made aware that the swimming pool was being refurbished and wasnt available for use - it is apparently due to open in a couple of weeksIt is very much a business hotel and I was on business so that didnt really bother me - personally I prefer the Jumeirah Carlton hotel which is a similar price but with a much much higher level of customer service and some nice little 5 star extras thrown inWe also noticed that on check in a £100 above our room rate was taken from our card - we came away still not sure why they were taking this as a deposit and I trust when I get my bill that it isnt still on the bill - I have never seen this before at top hotels and wasnt fond of it?The bathrooms are nice - toiletries though very limited - no hair conditioner and the hair dryer was absolutely awful - make sure you take your own as it is very difficult to use and style hair with itNo coffee and tea making facilities which is disappointing especially when a cup of tea from room service is £5.50!!!?Finishing on a positive note this is a very expensive hotel and we paid well over £300 a night for it - it is beautiful and very impressive - it just lacks a lot of 5 star service and facilities in my opinion and I wont be going back again	
Apr 17 2007 	Very Nice But More a Business than Tourist Hotel	We recently finished a five night holiday in London and stayed at The Landmark. It was very enjoyable, but in my mind more for business travelers than a family touring London and surroundings areas. That being said, I would stay there again and thought the staff and overall amenities were excellent. I’ll include in my discussion the location, hotel services, room, and tourist v. business.LocationThe location had its plusses and minuses. First, its right across the street from the Marylebone tube stops and just a few blocks from the Baker Street tube stop and that’s wonderful. First, when I came to the hotel and met my family who had been in England for a few days before me taking the Heathrow express to Piccadilly was a breeze getting to hotel via tube. Was terrific during entire trip getting around, as everything was available from either Baker Street or Marylebone stop. One other nice amenity was the shops in the station. Each morning stumbled over to get morning latte and yogurt and was very convenient ant and saved me both time and money.Another terrific local amenity was nearby Regent Park. One late afternoon we met up, walked through the park to Prim Rose Hill district, which was wonderful, then followed the canal to Camden Town and found a terrific restaurant for dinner; Strada. Wow, has Camden Town changed over the last 6-8 years. I would not compare Camden Town to Mayfair or Covenant Garden district, but much less like Soho today than was six years ago. Was great afternoon and evening.Downside to location is it’s a little bit out of the way and not many activities with in a short walk. Further west, in either Mayfair district, around Covenant Gardens or in any of the other area’s closer to the Thames there is much more to do when you simply step outside your hotel. However, all in all liked location.ServicesThe hotel did all we asked them to do and more. We needed to change rooms when we arrived as was concerned that room on Marylebone Street would be too noisy. Hotel was extremely helpful in meeting our requirements. Each time we called the front desk or concierge we were greeted very warmly and service was terrific. It’s especially important to note this as the Seville football team stayed at the hotel for two nights early in the trip and a delegation from Thailand stayed at the hotel latter in the trip and we never felt ignored.RoomWe purchased our room via internet booking site and were very pleased with the entire accommodations. We stayed in what is called a “Family Room”, which was a very large single room with two queen size beds. The bathroom was very generous and spacious, done in white marble and had a very nice bathtub and shower. Everything was terrific.Also thought was a very nice touch that room was wired for both 220v and 110v at work desk. Note a big deal, but nice touch in attempting to appeal to Americans.Tourist v. Business HotelAt end of day, did not feel much debate that place is more of business hotel than tourist hotel. I would not call the place stuffy or formal, but was simply not geared to kids. My 15 year old daughter who was with us loved the place, but like many hotels in London, The Landmark is on relatively small foot print and not much room in hotel for much of anything than typical functions.SummaryAll in all, was very nice place and would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 16 2007 	Very luxurious	We stayed here for 6 days on our honeymoon. After a very long flight we took the express train to Paddington station and then walked to the Landmark (our mistake- we should have got on another train to get to Marylebone station, would have been VERY easy!) We walked up to the reception obviously looking like we had been through hours and hours of travel, underdressed for the very cold weather (my hubby in shorts and a t-shirt in 35 degree weather!), dragging luggage through the roads. We didn’t get a single comment even though we appeared the opposite of the classy businessmen and women who appeared to be their usual clients. Our room wasn’t ready so they stored our luggage and we found a nearby place to eat. We visited the many little (pricey!) shops on the second level, peeked in at the extensive spa, and checked out the restaurants and bars. When we returned later the room still wasn’t ready but we were exhausted and just sat down on some chairs in one of the hallways to wait. It did take several hours for our room to be readied, way past the appointed check-in time, which was a rather big deal once jet lag set in.We never did eat at the hotel although everything looked very nice. Nothing really exceptional to note about the reception and they did block a chunk of money on our card without telling us upon check in. The concierge wasn’t very helpful but the doormen were friendly. The housekeeping staff would pounce on every chance we were out to make our bed and clean and then come in a second time for turn-down service. We never got used to the time change and would stay up way into the wee ours and sleep till noon or later every day. We think we upset the maids by not leaving the room for them to come tidy up!The pictures of the hotel are gorgeous and even those don’t do it justice. The place is just incredible, beautiful, gorgeous, oozing of luxury. We had a suite with a king sized bed, several armchairs, a sitting room with a second television, desk, and couch, a bathroom the size of a regular hotel room- all in marble with a separate tub and shower, two sinks, massive closet, huge fluffy towels, and robes. We were very comfortable spending half of our trip just in the room.  An awning connected the back entrance with the Marylebone station and there was always someone waiting to open the door for you. We never rode the Tube and walked everywhere in London. It was rather far from most sites, but we enjoyed the time seeing the back streets. The station had many little stores in it, including a convenience store I visited every night for snacks. We can’t say anything about any of the additional services and nothing extra was offered for our honeymoon, but we loved the suite!	
Mar 30 2007 	Landmark London - a magnificent hotel	Recently returned from a three night stay at the Landmark London and it was truly a memorable experience. A perfect balance of contemporary elegance within upscale traditional decor. Room was tremendous with posh furnishings and huge black/white marble bathroom with separate shower and tub. Staff and room service were professional, prompt and responsive. With Marylebone station directly behind the hotel, it made sightseeing relatively easy. The hotel was an oasis after a long day of touring the city. Sorry for the previous reviewer, but I cannot imagine having stayed at any other hotel in London with which I would have been more satisfied.	
Mar 26 2007 	The worst hotel experience of our lives	After reading numerous reviews our family decided to check in to the Landmark London for our vacation to Europe - what a mistake. Upon checking in we were notified that only one of our two rooms was ready, so we all went to one room - they said the other was being cleaned and would be ready within the hour. Three hours later, past the 2:00pm check-in time we still had not received our keys to the second room. We went to the reception desk and inquired about the second room, they said that it was ready and gave us keys... but to a different room number then they initally told us - we told them we were given a different room number, they ensured us this was our room. We went to the room and after a minute of being inside the receptionist knocks on the door and says she made a mistake, this wasnt our room (like we initally told her). She then says our room is still being prepared and will be ready within an hour. We eat lunch, and goto the receptionist two hours later, and its STILL not ready - she apologizes and gives us the keys to the &quot;wrong room&quot; agian - and that was just check-in. The first day we arrived our room was incredibly hot, so we asked the front desk what was wrong - the air conditioning in the building was broken. Upon trying to open the windows we notice they are bolted shut and cannot be opened. One of my family members cannot take the heat so this was a very big concern for us. We requested a fan from the receptionist and she said that only one fan was available, so we get it - the fan turns out to be a small desk fan. When the air conditioning was finally &quot;fixed&quot; the second day it still did not cool down our rooms at all and always blew room tempature air. For some reason neither of our beds in either room had a top sheet on it which we found very strange - we contacted housekeeping and were given one, then the following day they were gone agian. The safe in both of our rooms was broken (missing the entire door) so we had to lock our valuables in our luggage the entire time we were there. One of our rooms also overlooked a big scaffolding tower, which made it literally impossible to see outside. When we attempted to use the &quot;business center&quot; which consists of one computer downstairs we were notified that the charge was $2 per minute of usage - just for the internet. That seemed ridiculous to us, we have stayed at the best hotels around America and have never been charged for business center access. The Atrium restaurant provided good breakfasts but we were surrounded by business people / meetings the entire time. From the pictures it looked to be a beautiful place to eat, but unfornately it wasnt. Everyday we were sitting next to people holding business meetings at their breakfast table(s) whom were on their Blackberry's and laptops. For someone on a leisure vacation it is not very relaxing to be in a busy / hectic business environment. We visisted the Mirror Bar two of our three nights there and it was very empty, quiet with no atmosphere. There was only ONE person to take the orders, make the drinks, and deliver the drinks - this proved to make service incredibly slow even if there was two tables filled. We ended up staying at the Landmark for three nights out of the originally scheduled eight. We checked out because of heat issues in our rooms which became an issue with our family. We ended up changing hotels and checking into the Baglioni Hotel, which thankfully saved our trip to Europe. Having stayed at some of the nicest hotels around the world the Landmark surely did not live up to the expectations of a five star hotel.	
Feb 28 2007	Immaculate throughout	I have stayed at the Landmark several times over the past couple of years and it really is a fantastic property.Ok, it hasn't had a major refurb for sometime, but it absolutely immaculate throughout. The rooms are some of the largest (if not the largest) in Central London and the majority overlook the very impressive Palm Court. It is a bit strange having windows overlooking the inside of the hotel, but as the Palm Court has a fantastic glass roof and the light is totally natural, you do not feel claustrophobic at all.The newly added Mirror Bar is a treat. Proper drinks served by extremely professional and friendly staff. Asked for a Vodka and lime and the lime was brought freshly squeezed in a little jug...nice touch. Its pricey, but worth it.I have never had dinner in the hotel however, breakfast in the Palm Court is not to be missed. Takes a little longer to be served as everything is freshly cooked, again, pricey (£27.50) but a great way to start the day.Overall, The Landmark is a smashing hotel and well worth a visit.	
Feb 27 2007 	Loved the Landmark	Read a lot of reviews on Trip Advisor and settled on the Landmark. It was FANTASTIC. Yes, it is a little away from some of the main attractions, but it is directly across from a main metro line and a 3 minute walk to another metro line and then you are any where you like.I think we were upgraded to a suite, which was very luxurious. Beautiful sitting area and huge bathroom - separate tub and shower. We felt very spoiled.The full english breakfast was included in our rate, which was wonderful - hot and cold buffet - it usually lasted us through breakfast and lunch.We had a wonderful time and hope to return.	
Feb 27 2007 	Great hotel and better value!	My family loved our last Landmark visit. Looking to visit again this summer, I was at the TA site and was baffled by a couple of the reviews. I can't say other reviewers didn't experience glitches but our experience at the Landmark was the best of any of our London hotel visits in two decades! We stay in hotels about 30 nights each year, usually in Ritz or Loews properties . . . so we're not easy to please. We loved the landmark for several reasons.We like the location and having the Marylebone station across the street with its food shops was a wonderful plus. We found the service absolutely terrific. Some upper end London hotels treat Americans as 2nd class citizens simply because they're tourists and aren't British. At this hotel we were treated wonderfully from the moment we walked through the door simply because we were Landmark guests . . . a refreshing change.Hotel rooms in New York, London, Paris and several other major world cities are expensive. It's that simple. If you want a super value try an Embassy Suites in Indianapolis . . . and that's not a shot at either Embassy Suites or Indianapolis! Simply understand that some cities are very expensive. So the question isn't if London hotels are expensive but do you get value relative to other options of the same class in the city? In our opinion, there is absolutely no question but that the Landmark is the very best value of all the premier hotels in London. It's a quality property and worth every penny. The special benefit for American visitors is that it's much more &quot;family friendly&quot; than most London hotels. Yes it's great for a business trip but unlike many top tier London hotels, at the Landmark you can bring your kids . . . we did! The rooms are American sized . . . enormous by European standards. There are delightful family suites available which are much more comfortable (and reasonable) than the two standard rooms required for a family of four at most London hotels.We loved the famous palm lined &quot;wintergarten&quot; and its traditional high tea. We also enjoyed the English pub dining room downstairs. If you can only afford one . . . choose the &quot;wintergarten&quot; . . . it's a special experience. It's built in what was the private courtyard of the hotel, where British aristocracy would arrive in their carraiges years and years ago. Very cool. The food isn't cheap in the hotel but it's very good. Remember, this is London . . . it's an expensive city!You can spend a lot of money on a hotel room in London and not get a great deal for it. Not so at the Landmark. Top quality service. Top quality amenities. Fabulous rooms . . . the largest we've found in London. Quality location. And unquestionably the best value of any top tier London property. There are certainly less expensive options in London but if you want a premium property and the service that comes with it . . . this is the best value we've found in London.We booked directly with the hotel and found a couple of super deals in their &quot;specials&quot; section on the web. We're tough guests to please so when we find a hotel that &quot;does it right&quot; and is also a great value . . . we're excited.	
Feb 18 2007 	Loving Life at the Landmark	I am not sure why some reviews say that this hotel is snobby or just for older, rich people, my boyfriend and i stayed at this gorgeous hotel for our last night in London to spoil ourselves and that is exactly what happened. We are in our late 20's and were a bit concerned over reviews that claim young people are not treated as well as older ones. In fact we got off the tube at Marylebone station lugging our bags wearing jeans and were greeted at the side door of the hotel by fantastic staff who made us feel incredibly welcome and happy we chose the Landmark. After having our luggage swept away to the room we walked to reception and greeted warmly. In fact because they had extra space we were upgraded to an executive suite even though we had only paid for a regular room. If the staff are judging you on your appearance (as some have stated) we certainly did not find evidence of this whatsoever. The Landmark was a fantastic experience for us and I plan on staying there next time I am in chic, lovely London.	
Feb 16 2007 	good hotel...shame about the service	My partner and I just came back from a break in London at the landmark hotel.When we arrived at the reception, we were asked for our names, then our reservation number, then the lady at the reception said that she will be right back. 10 minutes later we were still waiting in front of the reception, one of the other receptionist asked us if they lost our reservation, I said to her I had no idea that her colleague just disappeared. She then offered us a coffee while they were sorting our reservation (which was nice but...), half an hour later, we were still waiting for our room!We got it finally after they realised that they reversed my name with my first name (45 minutes to realise that)The bedroom, I have to say, was really lovely as was the bathroom, the bed was comfortable.Unfortunately some little things were missing: like no tea or coffee facilities. Only one pair of slippers for two, and for a 5 stars hotel the tv was outdated.The continental breakfast in the morning was included in the price we paid when we booked the hotel, and yet they brought the bill at our table before we even started the breakfast. I have to say that I was very disappointed by the choice at the buffet: cereals, fruit, yoghurt, 3 small different pastries. For £20per person, they could have had, at least, a selection of different breads...When we told the reception when checking out, they didn't seem to care, they just told us to write on a card our comments.This hotel is nice but not worth 5 stars.	
Feb 8 2007 	OK but unspectacular	I have stayed at the Landmark a few times, most recently in December 2006.In all, i think the hotel is fine; i would recommend it. The experience is good, but not overwhelmingly fantastic. i feel there is nothing outstanding about the hotel, but the rooms are fairly comfortable and clean and spacious enough without very much frills and fancy decor, and if that's what you require, then it's fine. Location: Good. Located in zone 1 London. Getting to the hotel from Heathrow is easy enough. I take the Heathrow Express (GBP14) and then take a Black Cab from Paddington (about GBP7-8 with tip). The hotel is right next to Marylebone rail and tube station, which is a couple of stops away from the main shopping district as well as Baker Street station, where you can connect to other lines. Being next to the train station also means that you can easily catch cabs and stock up on supplies like papers, magazines, snacks and water. There is a newsagent to the right of the back entrance of the hotel, and also a marks and spencer opposite the back entrance where you can pretty much get most of what you need.Rooms: Varies. Generally good size and clean, with spacious and clean bathroom. Don't expect luxury but beds are comfortable. Furniture could be awkwardly arranged in smaller rooms but if one is not overly fussy, then it's fine.Service: Average. The staff are generally courteous, but very clinically so. Concierge service could be better. There are many steps in the hotel and going from the front to back entrance means you have to negotiate several flights of stairs. I am a small sized female and I don't always get a porter offering to help me with my luggage. If you come in by taxi and have a lot of luggage, make sure you are stopped off at the front entrance. if you enter the hotel from the back entrance, you will have to negotiate several flights of stairs to get to the check in counter, and my experience is that I've not always had bellhops around to help me with my luggage.Other remarks: Cleanliness: excellent. In-room internet service available (I've forgotten the charges). Restaurants nearby: Pizza Express (near baker st tube station: exit front entrance, turn left, walk for about 7minutes).	
Feb 7 2007 	Very Very Disappointing Booking and Payment Service	As a student I was horrified to find that the Landmark had taken funds from my debit card which was given as security for a weekend reservation my mother had paid for.When I tried to use my card, funds were not available as the Landmark had put a &quot;block&quot; on a large sum to cover the accommodation. This was never going to be paid for with the card which the Landmark had taken as security. Not only had they taken funds totalling the accommodation but had added an extra £100 &quot;to cover costs of other services which might be taken&quot;. The next day I was unable to use my card as funds were no longer available to me. Should this be allowed?	
Feb 6 2007 	Disappointing and honestly not worth the money	I originally booked a room at the Landmark in Aug 2006 as a birthday surprise for my boyfriend. I thought I had done my home work by looking at the reviews on Trip Advisor, getting in contact with the actual hotel in advance to give them notice with my requests....all for nothing. I has specially ordered a cheesecake to be made and brought to the room in time for check in, I even told staff we would check in at 3pm but the cake wasnt brought up till 5ish. A bottle of chapagne on ice with some flutes?more like two plastic cups! I booked 2 massages which cost a small fortune and let me say my body was not 'buffed' at all. More like some woman just running her hands over my body....may sound nice to some but not really what I wanted. Some candles burning, soft music playing, felt like I was on a 3rd date, not about to get my knots worked out! I came out feeling more tense than before, probably because the therapist kept blushing every time she saw my breast! If you want excellent spa treatment, go to the Dorchester! The staff were not particularly accommodating and made us feel like we didnt belong in the hotel. In all fairness it was abit too old fashioned for my tastes. Maybe something my parents would appreciate, too fussy,chintzy. The one saving grace was room service and the amazing marble bathroom. I was quite glad to be going home the next day. Who would have thought I would pay almost £300 for that privilige.	
Jan 29 2007	A truly Landmark Experience	It was a great experience. The hotel had it all - ambience, beauty and great service. It was well worth the money spent.	
Jan 28 2007 	Still the best in London	The thing that is unusual and great about the Landmark is the size of their rooms compared to other London Hotels. You are getting 100% more space for your money. They are brilliant !The rooms are stylish, the staff are exceedingly helpful and the food is excellent. Some names to remember - Gill Nelson, Sales Manager. Eustace and Steve - conceireges - always brilliant.Marylebone Station is right next to this hotel - so very handy for travelling. All the shops and theatres are just a taxi ride away.	
Jan 1 2007 	Best of the best	The Landmark Hotel proved to be a wonderful choice for our 10 day vacation in London. We (husband, wife and teenage daughter) wanted a large non-smoking room with two double beds (very hard to find in London) close to a Tube station. The hotel turned out better than we expected. Our executive room was large with very high ceilings, beautiful draperies, sofa, coffee table, chair, writing table (with 110 volt outlet), armoir with drawers, large closet, marble bathroom with large marble tub, walk-in marble shower, two marble sinks, thick soft oversized towels, endless hot water for showers and tubs, housekeeping services twice a day. We found the staff to be helpful, professional and friendly. The doormen were quick to get the door and offer a smile and greeting. The Marylebone tube and rail station is literally 100 feet from the hotel across a covered walkway. We had excellent coffee and pastries at the station each morning before catching the tube to begin our sightseeing for the day. There is also a Marks and Spencer grocery store in the station for fruit, yogurt etc.There was another reason we picked this hotel after researching Trip advisor, the web, and guide books for hotels: it wasn't pretentious. Fodor's Guide to London said &quot;despite all this luxury, it's worth mentioning that this is one of the few London grand hotels that doesn't force you to dress up&quot;. We were surprised at the cost of communications though...$30 for internet access for 24 hours and $5 to use your phone card. When you check in, the hotel puts a hold against your credit card an amount equal to the daily room charge plus and additional 100 pounds per day. This could be an issue if you have a low limit on your card and hadn't budgeted for this extra hundred pounds. Of course your credit card is not charged until you check out, it's a hold.Yes, this hotel is expensive but we got a good discount by booking online at the hotel's website well in advance.	
Dec 19 2006 	the best	My husband and new born babty stayed this hotel for a night and was not dissapointed. We were upgraded to a suite, provided with a cotbed and a bottle of champagne was provided in our room which was spacious and well designed.we had afternoon tea and lunch in the hotel and enjoyed the food and service.As we had a young baby we wanted a quiet dinner and the conceirge provided us with a fitting restaurant.It is central, just a walk away from oxford street and bond steet.	
Nov 28 2006	Great Rooms could use a little help with concierge	We spent 10 nights at the Landmark and, although it is beautiful and I would recommend it, it does have some drawbacks. Our room was gorgeous! Separate large glass shower, big tub, two marble sinks in the bathroom, and a 110 V outlet. Very comfortable bed. Bar glasses, sofa, robe and slippers and large comfy chairs. Quite a large room even by American standards. Turn down service. Maid service was very good.The pool was very, very nice and a great place to relax before bed but it closed at 9 pm on weeknights which is early compared to other places we've stayed. This was the reason we booked this particular hotel so we weren't happy about that. Also, they don't allow liquids even in plastic in the pool area which didn't make us happy.We booked through BA and Breakfast was supposed to be included but in the fine print it excluded the kids although large print under each of their names it said &quot;Full Breakfast&quot;. There were eight of us traveling and no one really liked the breakfast. One morning it is fine but after that, it wasn't so great. We got a pretty good price from BA, not spectacular but not rack rate either. We received an upgrade upon check in but that wasn't quaranteed.I had one dinner in the Winter Garden and it was quite nice. The waiter was lovely.The &quot;real&quot; entrance is from the back which isn't as striking as the Marylebone entrance but you can only get in and out of an automobile and the tube from that entrance so you're first view of the hotel isn't the best.The biggest disappointment was with the concierge. They struck out 5 out of 5 times, in particular telling us Windsor castle had last admissions at 4pm but missed it by 5 minutes when it closed at 3pm and then when we wanted &quot;Fish and Chips&quot; sent us to this very fancy seafood restaurant. There were other incidents that were all similar.Having the station out the back door was just heaven though, especially since it is covered and it did rain several days we were there.	
Nov 21 2006 	not worth 5 stars	We stayed here for a few days after getting married and although the hotel is very nice overall we were disappointed with a lot of things. To start we were offered no help with our luggage despite being fully togged out in wedding clothes and my wheely case catching on my wedding dress! We were left to find our own room and had to ask in order to get the promised complimentary champagne. Everything seemed to be geared towards getting that bit of extra money out of you (breakfast from £20) and we were very shocked that coffee and tea facilities in your room cost £20 extra. If even a Travelodge can provide this then surely a 5 star hotel should. The same applied for use of the playstation in the room. The final disappointment was the concierge sending us trekking across London to a restaurant that is always closed on Sundays! Our overall impression was that this hotel lacked those extra touches expected from an establishment of this class.	
Nov 7 2006	Opulent!	Good location for central London with excellent service, large bedrooms and great food.	
Oct 31 2006 	Nice Hotel great location park nearby	I'd probably stay at another hotel if I visited London again (there are so many 5 star quality hotels in London, hard to choose) but this one is certainly nice. Many weddings here, many balls here and black tie affairs, and holiday parties going on while I was there. The hotel is very historic and old (but clean and updated). It's charm is still there and the history shows through. If you are a well heeled traveler, you will probably like this hotel. If you are a lady who wears hats, you will love this hotel. If you are a gentleman who prefers fine scotch or whiskey, you will love this hotel. It's very stately and very stodgy, but not the best hotel for a younger more hip person from San Francisco. A bit too uppity for me. If I wanted uppity I would have chosen an Ian Schrager property where I could be scowled upon. This hotel reminds me of the glamour palaces of eras gone by.	
Oct 24 2006 	disappointing	I'll keep this brief, just like i kept my stay at this hotel. Not comparable to any 5* hotel in europe. Room large but nothing special. Pretty featureless and boring. Such as shame given the grand exterior and interior. For American tourists only. Health club/spa is dated and like a 1960s swimbaths, cold and unwelcoming. Mirror bar showed potential, but was so bright. Great location near the park but truly unmemorable.	
Oct 11 2006 	Make sure you get a discount on the room	After many reviews I really expected something special. Got an excellent deal direct via hotel website with over 50% off a deluxe room. To be honest it was somewhere between ok and nice, nothing more. Iffy location. Hotel room very standard, but rather sparse, small TV, few toiletries. Very dark in the room due to scaffolding and vehicle noise outside station was very intrusive until late. Good sized swimming pool and reasonable gym for a hotel. Valet parking extortionate for one night. Staff on the ball, but 15 minute queue to check out Sunday morning. Had I paid full wack, I would have been very disappointed, at the price I got, it was ok, but not special enough to return.	
Oct 8 2006 	nice hotel	We stayed 4 nights at the Landmark hotel and loved it. Our room looked out to the atrium. The room was large and clean. The bathroom had a shower and tub. And the shower was great. But the hair dryer was awful. The best thing was the location, right across the street from marylebone station ,so that all we had to do was walk across the street grab the metro and we could go anywhere in the city!!! very nice!! we never took a cab. Even from the airport with all of our luggage we managed to take the train and metro and find the hotel. The staff was friendly. And we enjoyed the continental breakfast and the selection of food. We would stay there again and recommend it to others.. NICE HOTEL	
Sep 27 2006 	Great Experience	Our stay in a suite facing the atrium was wonderful! Super amenities like thick luxurious towels, toiletries, newspaper and shoe shine service was welcomed by us. Location across from the Marleybone underground makes getting around the city and outskirts so easy. Dining was a pleasure with both breakfast and evening meals very enjoyable. Service was A+ with everyone so helpful. We won't stay any other place since being here.	
Sep 27 2006 	What a treat!	It's qute a bit already that I stayed at the Landmark already, but I remeber that place very often. Attentive staff, lovely service, great food, top room. Being from the hospitality industry I am picky about lot's of things, but I just loved the place.Only one more word: Wow!	
Sep 23 2006 	Nice--wouldn't stay again	We have stayed at other hotels in London, and thought we would try something new. After searching the internet, I liked the reviews and the pictures of the Landmark. I'm afraid the pictures were misleading. I choose upper end hotels for the service as well as the experience. There was rarely anyone at the door of the hotel, we hauled in our own luggage, and hailed our own taxi's most of the time. The public areas could use more attentive cleaning(especially the elevator). The rooms were nice actually; clean and fairly spacious, with a large bathroom. We ordered the Landmark Tea in the atrium area, and sadly it was not up to usual Englsh standards. There were no sweets served at all! The concierge on the other hand was very helpful, and got us great tickets to a play. As a taxi driver put it &quot;a nice hotel in the middle of nowhere&quot;. The location is not great(other than being close to Marleybone station and the tube). Check out seemed to go OK, until we looked at our credit card statement on-line and found we were charged twice for the incidentals. After a phone call it was corrected. Alll in all, I would not stay at the Landmark again.	
Sep 9 2006 	Enjoyed the stay but worth the premium?	Stayed here for two nights in an executive suite. While the overall stay was fine, we were expecting more. We were a bit underwhelmed by the reception and overall service as well as the food.The room was excellent but you can clearly hear noise from the corridor and you cannot open the windows in the rooms facing the atrium, which means we had to use the air con. Our room faced the atrium and we were treated every evening to the lobby's pianist, which can be a little irritating if you want to enjoy a quiet evening in. The TV was a very small portable and there was no channel guide. There were repeated mistakes bringing luggage to our room, which was a bit annoying.On the plus side, there were beautiful flowers in the room, the furniture was well chosen and the colours very restful. The bed was large, comfortable and well dressed. The bathroom was excellent and very roomy but as a previous reviewer pointed out - the hairdryer is terrible!! The breakfast was really not that good - bland, a bit cold and very little selection. Champagne we had ordered in-room was not cleared away - just left to sit with the used glasses on the table until we left. We had massages at the spa, which is of a good standard and the pool was very nice.Location was excellent and the room was nice to come back to every evening. Overall, we enjoyed our stay but we had expected a bit more for the premium paid.	
Aug 22 2006 	A Mixed Bag	When you walk into this hotel you are amazed at its size and space. Externally it is breathtaking and internally, there is the atrium which is a fantastically peaceful place to indulge yourself with the cream tea the hotel is famous for. You can also eat in the restaurant in the atrium which I did and although the reviews on food have been a bit negative, I found the main course was superb and so did my partner. The dessert was ok, I’ve had much better.The staff in this hotel were polished and efficient. You’re glass won’t even empty before they have filled it which to me, is the quality a five star should aim to achieve. The spa is above average, heading towards excellent but not quite there yet, it could improve slightly. The beauty salon, although sparse and plain, does the best manicure and pedicure I have ever had and I wish I had time to go back every so often to them.Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed my time at the Landmark and although I wouldn’t rush back as I like to try new hotels every time, I would certainly put it on the list of hotels worth experiencing. My only gripes, which are purely down to personal preference, is the executive suite I stayed in was far from opulent, in fact, it was uninspired in décor and quite boring. The toiletries were not as luxurious as I expected and the linen, which is usually of really high standards in a hotel of this quality, let itself down. More importantly for women, the hairdryer they provide is something out of the 70’s so, I suggest you take your own! But like I said, these gripes are personal preferences and shouldn’t put you off because the hotel is very lovely, and although expensive is worth the money. I’d recommend it.	
Aug 15 2006	Very nice hotel	My partner and I spent 4 days at the Landmark in May 2006. The location is great for taking the tube around the city to see the sights. The room was comfortable, roomy, and quiet (we requested a room that looked out over the atrium). We did not eat at the restaurant since the reviews we read were not particularly great.	
Aug 7 2006	Impeccable Hotel in London!!!	I chose The Landmark through British Airways, and that means the room rate I got was extremely cheaper than its original tariff on hotel's website. Since I'm a little bit picky about the room, I booked an executive notch , finding that it was a perfectly right choice. The 52-square-metre spacious room costs approximately 200 pounds per night, which is with the neutral light hue(makes the space look even bigger) and high quality glazed furniture; on the opposite side of the king bed, there's a set of lounge sofa which can be used as a meditating area after daily business fatique. What attracted me the most is probably the bathroom, in which there are two handwash basins, large closet, toilet stall, seperate bathtub and walk-in shower; furtheremore, all is covered with finest marble!!! For a London standard, I think they charged me for a pretty reasonable price. The hotel's staff and service are definately top notch. As I got close to the main gate with heavy luggages, the bellboy actively offered help which made me feel so warm in the early chilly London morning. The reception desk faciliated check-in smoothly and the Concierge was helpful with my enquiry about London tube. Every staff I met within hotel's precinct is courteous and gracious.  After 4 days of stay, I'm very pleased with The Landmark London, especially its predominant location( just a few steps from the Marylebone Station) and exquisite English art-decor through out the hotel.	
Aug 1 2006 	Outstanding!	Absolutely wonderful hotel, one of the best I have stayed in, and so far my favourite hotel in London!Great suites, great service, and actually good value for money, I believe, considering the prices of &quot;business&quot; hotels nearby. Even a drink or tea in the atrium is worth the trip to Marylebone Rd!CAN'T RECOMMEND HIGHLY ENOUGH!	
Jul 25 2006	Lovely hotel	By far, one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. The lobby is adorned with magnificent palm trees and the hotel is located in the splendid district of Marlyebone. A Marks &amp; Spencer Food Hall is located just across the street at the back entrance, providing a splendid array of fruits and English delicacies. The rooms are spacious and tastefully decorated. The bathrooms are large with a tub and shower. Most members of the staff are affable. The breakfast is quite costly and there is a lovely Fry-Up Greesy Spoon across the street well worth frequenting.Overall, a lovely hotel you will not regret visting.	
Jul 23 2006	Superb in every way	From the moment I entered the light filled, airy lobby and was greeted by the guest relations person (a sparkly, friendly young woman) I know this was going to be a very special experience. Prior to my arrival I had booked a jet lag treatment in the hotel spa by email. Joanne, the the perky spa director who dances around with exhuberant energy, took me by the hand, then gently led into a room where a very knowledgable esthetician soothed and relaxed my &quot;flight&quot; stress. Returning to my room, I ordered afternoon tea then settled into the bed to sleep off jet lag. That was my introduction to this upscale, fabulous hotel. Two days later, after another spa treat, I was picked up by British tours to visit Windsor Castle. The hotel conceirge let nothing go undone, arranging for all of my tours and my request for afternoon tea in a different place each day. My wish was truly their command, cliche as it may sound. The hotel is located in a quiet part of London in a section called Marleybone. Room service was quick, served by very amiable young women from different parts of the world. It created a kind of United Nations atmosphere. My only complaint is the bleak selection of television programs at those time when I just wanted to unwind after a day of touring. Other than that, from the front desk to spa and concierge personnel my eight days at the five star Landmark was one of the most outstanding hotel stays I have ever experienced. As a former travel columnist that is saying a great deal. If you are seeking excellence this is the hotel for you.	
Jul 23 2006 	Lovely hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Landmark for 1 night as we were attending a wedding at the hotel.On booking I forgot to ask a few questions and therefore emailed them, and they replied quickly and efficiently.We requested an early check in, which upon arrival at the hotel at 12.45 we received.We stayed in a standard room that overlooked the atrium. We had a big king size bed and the rooms were imaculate. The only little grumble would be the lack of tea / coffee making facilities.The hotel staff were very efficient, I shut the safe by mistake and the member of staff rectified the problem within 5 minutes. Also I got fluff from my shawl all over my dress, within minutes a member of housekeeping staff came down with a lint brush.The hotel is opposite Marylebone station, and at the station there is a M&amp;S (where we got our lunch, water, fruit ), we did not stay for breakfast as £25 per head seems expensive. As we walked past to go to the wedding there were lots of people enjoying afternoon tea, which looked delicious.The hotel is lovely and I would recommend staying there, though the food and drink is very expensive. We paid £152 inc VAT for the night as we were wedding guests.	
Jul 16 2006	a warm welcome always from an old friend	whenever in the capital we always stay at this grand hotel,5 star luxury with service to match.The Landmark never fails to exceed your expectations,Francis Green and his staff are marvellous and treat you with the utmost respect and professionalism.A treat and a pleasure,thak you all for your magnificent hospitality.	
Jul 14 2006	A must stay hotel in London	The Landmark is a charming old hotel on the outside, but fresh, luxurious and quiet inside. We stayed in a room which had two queen size beds and a large living area. This is quite unique for European standards to offer this arrangement. This room works great for families. Our room overlooked a beautiful atrium which offered very quiet accommodations. The staff was great with all requests and helpful with restaurant choices and sigtseeing. The pool was lovely and a nice plus to have. I would definitely select this hotel again.	
Jul 14 2006	Truly 5***** !!	i travel to London about 4 times a year, and I definitely have my favorite hotels. I have stayed at other 5* hotels in London, but this is truly worth it's rating. Upon arriving about 4 hours before check in time, the hotel staff kindly gave me a room and the great experiences flowed from that moment on.The rooms are spacious (compared even with USA standards), the bathroom was huge. Every time I had to call for something the staff could not have been nicer. Yes, the drinks in the bar are around $15, but I will say the ambience is worth a few extra dollars. I found myself asking friends to come over to my hotel for a drink just because the lobby was so beautiful.Do shop around for your best price for the Landmark, as prices may vary from $200 to $700 on various websites. I found a good deal on the British Airways website for this visit, and have already booked this hotel again in March 2007 using the Travelocity website.	
Jul 5 2006	The Landmark was great!	We just finished a 3 night stay at the Landmark in London. We will be back for a second stay later this month and we cannot wait! We booked a Landmark studio suite through Travelocity for $250 a night. The room is huge - about 750 square feet, with a sitting room, a bedroom (tvs and armoirs in both rooms) and a large master bath with both a soaking tub and a marble shower. The room has a fireplace and mantle (nonoperating but pretty nonetheless) and a minibar that can be used to store food from local markets within a 2 block radius.Tips:1. Don't eat at the restaurant in the hotel. Too expensive. There are great restaurants within 4 blocks (we particularly enjoyed Little Italy and Cinamon Spice (Indian food)). 2. The location is spectacular - the Marylebone tube stop is very convenient to both the Heathrow express (1 stop and a change at Paddington station) and the gateway for the Chunnel to the mainland (6 stops with no change in lines).3. Look around for prices. While expedia had our room at $700, we found it through Travelocity at $250. I could not come close to booking a room like this in D.C., L.A., San Francisco, Boston, etc. for the price we paid. It is very much comparable to Fairmont properties in the U.S.	
Jul 4 2006 	Comfort at a price	Stayed for four nights in June on Business.The Executive rooms are huge, 2 king beds, large seating area, massive corridor style bathroom with shower &amp; bath.The buffet food was excellent but the drinks prices were outrageous, £16 for a martini !!The Exercise Room was small but well equiped.Staff were not very courteous and we were even frowned at arriving to the bar at 11.30,and told NOT to move the furniture together.I'd probab;y return but not at my expense, the tariff quoted was £490 per night, i wont pay that in a fit.	
Jun 20 2006	The lovely Landmark	I managed to get a night at the Landmark last minute for 60 pounds a night quite frankly I was astonished as to how cheap Hotels could sell this room for. When we arrived our room was not ready at 12, however they offered to take our bags, while me and my girlfriend went off to lunch. We managed to get an executive room and in my opinion, it was one of the best hotel rooms I have ever seen in my life, the room and bathroom were equally luxurious. Facilities inside the hotel were second to none, the swimming pool and health spa were excellent. Not to sure about the breakfast, prices are very high at 25 pounds for a full english. Overall, a brilliant hotel in an excellent location. Would I stay again? Most definitely!!!!	
Jun 16 2006	The Lovely and Luxurious Landmark London	This was our second stay at The Landmark London, and we were equally pleased both times. Our large room was elegant and beautifully decorated, with a sitting area that made it feel like a suite. The bedding was luxurious and immaculate, and the marble bathroom, a pleasure. The staff at The Landmark London was professional and gracious, and their concierge made wonderful restaurant recommendations and managed to obtain tickets (first floor front and center) at short notice for a very popular West End musical.Don't miss afternoon tea in their gorgeous Winter Garden. You will feel like English royalty!	
May 31 2006	Loved it	We stayed here for 1 night for my husband's birthday, and enjoyed our stay very much.The room and facilities were excellent, as were the staff. It's location isn't as central as other hotels but it really didn't prove to be a problem due to it only being a few steps from Marylebone station.Even if you choose not to stay at this hotel you must try their Champagne Sunday Brunch. It's amazing.	
May 11 2006	Beautiful Hotel Rooms extras insanely expensive staff indifferent	I had a meal in this hotel several years ago, liked the look of it and wanted to make it a point to stay there next time I was in London.I booked three days online at a good rate, and made sure that they were aware that I would be arriving early in the morning.On arrival around 10am, very tired, and with many bags, I was told by one of the reception staff that no rooms were ready. They offered no help with our luggage, he simply rudely suggested we &quot;come back in a few hours, as he could not guarantee check-in time&quot;. He refused any other assistance.I went to use the bathroom, came back, and found there was another person now on duty at reception. I asked again about my room, he tapped on the computer a few moments and told me there were PLENTY of rooms ready, WHICH FLOOR DID I PREFER?? I have no explanation for why the other person would not give us a room as arranged.We went to our room, which was very large by London standards, very clean and comfortable. Nice marble bathroom, nice view, very nice. Nice bed, large towels and robes, nice selection of soaps and shampoos.I bought the room package with full English breakfast included, and was assured by the staff it was included when we went for our first breakfast. Not until I checked on the &quot;services&quot; menu on the TV did I discover we were being charged sixty pounds ($120) each morning for the &quot;included&quot; breakfast. This required having a problematic discussion with the staff to have the charges removed, and would have been charged if I had not caught it.Internet access was an extortionate 19 pounds for one day.Any services were marked up to fantastic prices, as were any meals or room service.This is a gorgeous, comfortable hotel, but they put the squeeze on guests which is not pleasant.I would return if I had a discount booking and did not plan on ordering extras. I would advise getting any accomodation arrangements, such as early or late check-in times, in writing and be prepared to insist on them.	
Apr 20 2006	Return Trip was a good as the first time...	My husband and I just returned from our second stay at the Landmark Hotel. The rooms are spacious, and nicely appointed, the bathrooms large and amenities nice. The atrium for sitting and eatting is incredibly inviting. The concierge staff is extremely helpful. We also found the location near Maryleborne Station very convenient since we use the tube constantly. The exercise room is adequate and could use a refurbishing...but the pool is just lovely when not crowded. They often have &quot;dearl&quot; so check it out. The last time it was with a flight and hotel package offered by Travelocity.	
Apr 19 2006	Great Hotel!	My family and I just returned from 8 days at the Landmark London Hotel. It was fantastic! I had not stayed at a hotel this nice before. My kids did not want to leave the room. I had searched extensively through many hotels in London trying to find a nice hotel, at a great rate able to acccomodate my entire family (spouse and 2 young daughters) in one room. Most hotels were requiring 2 rooms to be booked for a family of 4. The Landmark had a family room option which I booked. The room was beautiful and huge, especially for London standards. A huge bathroom with marble counter tops, walk in shower, tub with attaching shower hose, toilet separated by door, large closet,couch, coffee table, arm chair and armoire. The hotel is not centrally located, but literally out the back entrance is the Marlebone underground and train station on the Bakerloo line which was extremely convenient. The next closest stop is the Baker street metro, 4 blocks away. The indoor pool was loved by my girls, and the gym is well equipped with nice equipment. The hotel restaurant is very pricey, 20 pounds per person for continental breakfast, so I would recommend going somewhere else for breakfast. I would go to the coffee kiosk in the train station in the morning and get coffee and muffins for 6 pounds instead. The local restaurants are good for families (pizza pizza express on the corner of Marlebone road and Baker), Giraffe further down off of Baker, The Volunteer Pub on Baker just past the Sherlock Holmes Museum had good pub food and a great selection of beer, but warning it is smoky. I would recommend this hotel if you do not mind paying $300 or so a night for a hotel for a family and do not need to be right in the thick of things. I think for this reason the night before we left, the Manchester United Football team stayed there before a game, as the hotel is beautiful, but quiet.	
Apr 13 2006	What a landmark	An excellent place to stay with instant access to all amenities and a mainline and tube station across the road.we stayed in a family room with atrium viewsno road noise but relaxing piano music from the restaurant belowroom service expensive but marks and spencers &quot;food to go&quot; right across the road	
Apr 10 2006	Champagne Brunch on Sundays	Have only been to functions at hotel and they were superb !! They do a Sunday Champagne Brunch for £59.50 (£12 for children)and it is very good value. I went yesterday for my birthday and the staff / waiters are all very attentive. The champagne glasses are topped up all the time and the buffet food is excellent. We sat and ate/drank for 2.1/2 hours it was wonderful. If anyone wants to do this on a Sunday I thoroughly recommend it.	
Mar 31 2006	Loved the Landmark	My family and I just returned from our first trip to London and stayed for a week at the Landmark. The hotel, the accomodations, the staff, the concierge, all could not have been better. Our first room was a good size, but faced Marylebone Street and felt it would be too noisy. When I called and asked for another room, they gave us another room-no problem. It was beautiful and huge! The bathroom was huge too with great towels and robes. The health club was small, but very well equipped. The pool and whirlpool were wonderful too. We had breakfast included in our package and it was good, but pretty basic. The staff as well as the concierge were always ready to help. We could not have picked a better hotel. It is in kind of a business district, but they gave us great recommendations to restaurants in the area that were delicious and did not break the bank. Across the street is Marleybone Station that had a bagel place, Burger King, Marks &amp; Spencers(a grocery), coffee shops, etc. that we got snacks from everyday. There is also a Baskin Robbins with walking distance. We booked our flight and hotel through British Airways and we got a great deal. The flights and hotel were awesome. Our first trip to London could not have been better.	
Mar 27 2006	Truly a Landmark in London	I travel to London a couple of times a year and have stayed in various hotels in this beautiful city. The Landmark Hotel is a fantastic hotel with very high service standards and excellent food. Also, the building is stunning and quite a landmark in itself! I travelled with my family including my 2 year old son, and this hotel is very kind to children, all though I find it to be more of a business traveller hotel. I booked the hotel through GreatHotelsoftheWorld, and the discount you can get on the Landmark Hotel through GreatHotelsoftheWorld makes this hotel affordable, when you stay for more than just one night. The location of the hotel is great and the rooms are large and very nice in standard. We even got an upgrade for a very low price. However, you do feel kind of ridiculous paying around GBP 25/USD 40 for a plain breakfast menu (including eggs and bacon). In my opinion, you still get the best London hotel breakfast at the Marriott Grosvenor Square Hotel. You can buy a decent breakfast meal for around USD 10 in a &quot;greasy spoon&quot; cafe around the corner from the Landmark Hotel. You must try a greasy spoon cafe anyway when visiting London!	
Mar 5 2006	Fabulous !!	We took 11 family members (our adult children in their 30's and grandchildren)to London, for the first time ever, Thanksgiving 2005. We just pretty blindly chose the Landmark Hotel because of it's amenities (pool, restaurant). We were absolutely thrilled with the accomodations, the hotel staff and the location. The concierge arranged wonderful tours for us, great family style restaurants and we were within walking distance to great shopping. The hotel price was so reasonable (booked online) and when we got there, the family with 2 children was upgraded to a larger room. But all the rooms were large; great big bathrooms, sofas in sitting area, desks. The staff was perfect in every way from housekeeping to bellmen. You don't have to tip in London, but if you do tip reasonably, it only gets better. London and the English people are lovely and it's a wonderful family vacation....don't miss the Free British Museum and the London Eye. It was the best experience we could have had for our first time.	
Feb 18 2006	The Best	My daughter and I stayed for 4 nights, paid for only 3. Went there on a special rate. It was great. Food was expensive, but worth it. Great location to tube, Food Hall at Marks &amp; Spencer a 2 second walk across the street. The staff couldn't have been nicer, excellent help with day trips and restaurant advice. Would highly recommned it to anyone.	
Feb 11 2006 	Great 5+ Star	Excellent 5+ star hotel. I was here for a business meeting for 3 days. It felt like a small intimate luxury hotel, ~ 200 rooms. Nice location, right on the Bakerloo Line but can walk to Oxford St and Regents St. Excellent economical japanese restaurant right down the street- Nambu-Tei on Baker St.My only complaint was the price of the high speed internet 16.95 GBP. Staff was pleasant, concierge Nigel was very helpful. High tea was comfortable and relaxing. Nice quiet hotel, would recommend for business or romantic getaway	
Jan 30 2006 	Quite good especially room sizes	Good things about the hotel:- great room sizes- comfortable rooms- good, spacious bathrooms- overall quality- good concierge service- nice restaurantTo watch out for:- some amenities taken for granted in hotels of this category are actually charged for separately, eg ironing board or tea/coffee maker- location good, but not central if you need to be walking distance to tourist attractions, BUT has advantages (train stations, subway, shops)Also, I had a somewhat unpleasant experience of initially being directed to a smoking room, being told that the requested non-smiking rooms were not available, and I refused an upgrade to a more espensive room. I was also assured that smoking rooms do not smell of smoke :-) After I went in and discovered what smoking room really means, I complained and ... a non-smiking room suddenly became available.	
Jan 21 2006	A Beautiful Hotel	We stayed at the Landmark on the first night of our honeymoon before we flew out the following day. It is a beautiful hotel and was the most amazing room I have ever stayed in. We were upgraded to one of the suites and it was huge - you could practically get lost in it!The afternoon tea is lovely and very good value compared to other afternoon teas in London hotels.The health club was a bit disappointing. It seemed tired and in need of renovation.The staff were generally good although our alarm call came an hour early which was a bit irritating!The Landmark is expensive, but that's London for you. I'm not sure how it compares in price to similar hotels. I think to stay the Landmark 'isn't a 5 star' hotel is untrue. It certainly has all the trimmings you would expect.	
Jan 18 2006	OK for a business hotel. Not five star standards!!!	My husband and I stayed there on the 16th January -I had done quite a bit of research - I am really picky when I visit a hotel - especially if it not on business. The location - we had no problems with that at all.Reception staff - pleasant, if not a little &quot;plastic&quot; in their repetoire!Staff offered to show us to our room - we declined this - however, no guidance was given as to what was where in the hotel.The room - a double executive room (we had booked a champagne package), was cavernous. The room had an austere look about it and the bed was made up of two singles pushed together. There was also a comfortable sofa and a chair in the room. Air conditioning was noisy, however, we did manage to sleep on and off!The bathroom, whilst large, was very cold in its appearance with harsh lighting, large white bathtub which was grey looking on the base - not inviting for a nice relaxing soak. Separate shower - ok but again had fairly bad staining on the marble tiles on one side.  There was a separate, very narrow tiolet off the main bathroom, it had a white marble floor, white walls, very high ceiling, huge windows (obscure) with no blinds or curtains. The whole bathroom was functional but not at all inviting.The champagne eventually arrived after six phone calls and much comlaining by my husband. It was served very nicely and was well chilled.Breakfast was excellent and well cooked with very attentive staff, again, lots of business folk discussing business(funnily enough!; however, I do not partilularly like to have to listen throughout breakfast. Expensive at £24 each for a full English breakfast.Reception staff were kind enough to let us check out late (14.00 hrs). When we did leave,however, no-one asked whether or not we enjoyed our stay.Broadband was very expensive, as was the use of the business centre internet.We would not stay there again as we look for a welcoming hotel in general, ok for some business types who are looking purely for high quality functionality and the usual business amenities.	
Jan 6 2006	Hmmm...	OK, the Landmark is a nice hotel. But if you are really going to pay through the nose for something then you expect some real attention to detail.I stayed here in a twin room when visiting London for a theatre trip. My friend and I decided to 'push the boat out' and opt for a really nice hotel. The Landmark looked good and we booked a deluxe twin room for around 300 GBP. I have to say I wouldn't usually pay this much for a hotel stay, and this was really meant to be a treat.The room was huge and very clean, but was furnished in a very odd way and was left feeling like a big gaping cavern and not really very comfortable. The bathroom also was gigantic, all shiny marble and two different showers to choose from. I had been sold a 'luxury' package which was meant to include a bottle of champagne (a big deal was made about this when I booked). Because I don't drink, I was offered a fruit platter or some chocolates instead. I opted for the chocolates instead and was really shocked to be left an absolutely tiny box of six small truffles. It was really laughable and I think perhaps hotels don't understand how important small details like this are. It may seem like a negligible detail but I was left basically feeling as though I had been taken for a ride by the reservations staff. There were a couple of other problems with the service. The Pay-per-view movies failed to load properly despite about four calls down to reception and the promised engineer failed to turn up. Then the next morning the newspaper we had ordered was never delivered. Although none of these things in isolation are that important, I was really surprised that there could be so little attention to detail in a hotel which purports to have five star service.One thing I would definitely recommend at this hotel though is the afternoon tea. The Landmark has a beautiful, peaceful glass-roofed atrium at it's centre, filled with huge palm trees. Stay somewhere else in London for a fraction of the price and visit the Landmark for afternoon tea; that would be my recommendation. You have to book in advance and it's around 22 GBP (I think?) but compared to places like The Ritz it's actually quite cheap. And it was really very nice indeed.	
Jan 4 2006	not a five star hotel.	We stayed in this hotel for christmas. me my wife and three children.The room was huge and a beautiful bathroom.but what a terrible beds! stone hard! Fred Flinstone would have loved this bed.Room service was good though little bit overpriced but good quality food.Restaurant-staff refuged to warm food for our baby( 9 months). told us they didn´t have equipment to do that.(5 star hotel doesn´t have a small microwave?)i had to ask the very kind female restaurant-manager to warm our babyfood.Very good breakfast. staff in general seemed tired, not motivated an unhappy.Conclusion:This is not a-five star hotel.We stayed in Bangkok last September in a five star hotel which was much much better service than this hotel.We will not come back.	
Jan 3 2006	Stylish value for money hotel	The landmark remains one of my favourite hotels, and this is coming from someone who lived in London for 4 years and has visited 60 countries worldwide! Convenient location for transport connections and represents great value for London 4/5 star hotel. Continually gets overlooked because is is not particularly trendy or in-the-news. Don't be put off by its location on very busy Euston Road - once inside you can hear a pin drop! Dominated by a massive light and airy atrium where they serve aftenoon tea accompanied by a jazz band. try their champagne Sunday brunch - but book well in advance. Main restaurnat is excellent and has won many awards. Rooms are large and conservatively designed. Has a small indoor pool and very small gym (which are a little tired). Hotel represents fantastic value versus other better know London hotels - definiely one for people in the know! Trust a local!	
Jan 1 2006	wonderful hotel right across from an underground station!!	i read and reread all the reviews of this hotel and i am glad i decided to stay here. i stayed here with my two boys, 7 and 11 and my husband from dec 24-31,2005. the hotel is a relative bargain for london. we got a night free with one of their promotions, the rooms are huge and well appointed. we had a family room, which more than adequately provided for us. the bathrooms are large for a hotel in london. for all the gripes about the expensive meals at the hotel, it's london!!! everything, and i mean everything is expensive. we ate almost every meal out, including getting take out from the train station(marylebone stop on the bakerloo line), but we did order from room service once and it wasn't outrageous. the hotel staff is excellent, they try to accomodate without complaint. the gym is adequate, the indoor pool is great for those of us with children. my husband and i have stayed at the berkeley and the four seasons in london, but this is the nicest for families and a about 1/2 the price of the other hotels. any complaints about the &quot;remote&quot; location, there is tube station literally across the street from the door of the hotel. enjoy!!!!!!	
Dec 8 2005	Beautiful Hotel	Stayed with husband and children for 3 nights in August 2004. Gorgeous hotel. Breakfast is really good. Room service also excellent.Arabic menu available - looks really good but we only discovered this menu on our last morning.Spa treatments are on the pricey side but are top notch.Only criticism is that the pool is beginning to look a bit tired.Staff lovely and very helpful.	
Dec 6 2005 	Imposing and comfortable...	In a city full of hotels that oversell and underperform when it comes to the simple comforts and conveniences of traveling, the Landmark generally delivers. The rooms are warm, enveloping and quiet (at least when not facing Marylebone Road). The location is within 10 minutes walk of Marlyebone High Street, where interesting restaurants and shops abound. And there are broadband connections in every room and taxis usually on hand across the street in front of Marylebone station. Yet there are shortcomings: Knowledgeability at the concierge desk can vary from superb to problematic (one evening I got excellent suggestions for nearby restaurants, but one morning they had difficulty locating Fed Ex forms and seemed slightly disarmed when I asked for their help). And although the restaurant in the atrium is quite handsome, the slow, robotically programmed servers and mediocre kitchen made it less than inspiring. Room service, while prompt, relies on the same kitchen (which seems not to know how to keep muffins from becoming stale). And the front desk, while responsive, can be stern and indifferent if you ask for variances from their rules. Effective thought went into making this hotel a bright, comfortable experience when it entered this phase of its existence, but then it appears the oversight was abandoned, and it seems to be on automatic pilot now. It's tranquil and reliable, but it needs attentive management. Stay at the Landmark if you're prepared to eat elsewhere and your business needs are minimal.	
Nov 23 2005 	Hotel for sleep; Train station for meals	Fantastic find in London. I've stayed in over two dozen hotels in the city and this is one of the best of the larger type. Family room is huge and one of the few in the city where a family of four can stay in one room - and in comfort. Rates come down on weekends when business travelers are few. Make up for the pricey rooms by eating cheap and simple from Marylebone train station across the street. Good coffee and croissants at cafes, yummy Cornwall pasties (under $5) a pop. For something more, try Cinammon Spice, an Indian restaurant, just down the street.	
Oct 29 2005	Huge rooms great location ideal hotel for London!	On a trip with my parents to Europe this summer, we stayed at the Landmark London. The room was HUGE for even American standards, and it was perfect for the 3 of us. My dad loved having the hot tub access downstairs to soak his tired feet! The service was professional &amp; friendly. They weren't able to let us into our room until 4pm on our day of check-in and they ran out of large towels while we were there (busy weekend), but otherwise, the stay was impeccable. Also, the location is ideal for hopping on &amp; off the tube to go see the attractions in London. As for breakfast, we found this great spot on Baker Street (about two blocks away from the hotel) where we ate cheap &amp; delicious English breakfasts every morning. Lastly, if you stay at this hotel, you must not miss the beautiful Regents Park, which is a nice short walk away.	
Oct 25 2005	Beautiful Hotel but take out a mortgage for breakfast!	Our stay at the Landmark London Hotel was very nice, the beds are extremely comfortable, the rooms are beautiful, and the bathrooms are gorgeous as well. The Spa too, is very nice except there was a bit of a &quot;stuffy&quot; feeling there at times. The thing that got to me though, was that you pay all this money, and then the breakfasts are highway robbery! The least they could do is include some sense of a breakfast with this kind of price tag attached. Also, we ended up paying $100 more per night for a room with a sitting area because ours wasn't ready when we got there, and I felt disappointed that we didn't at least get some complimentary waters in the room, or a continental breakfast included in this high price. For the money, I don't think I would do this again. All the other places we stayed during our trip were upscale B&amp;B's and I would do that over this any day!	
Oct 14 2005	Five star class	The Landmark in October 2005 was a tremendous choice for our 8 day stay. It clearly is popular as a business hotel with several large conferences ongoing while we were there but still had all of the staff to cater to holiday travellers such as ourselves. The room was terrific..particularly by London standards. It was costly but still a good value by London standards. Particularly convenient is the location right across the street from a train station/subway station. That opens up all of London with a one minute walk. The station has all of the amenieties of shops, coffee, etc at commuter prices. The staff, service, concierge, and the room ammenieties were all first rate.We would definitely select the Landmark for our next visit to London.	
Sep 25 2005	Nice room but...	I must say that the hotel is beautiful and our room was quite nice and comfortable. On the picky side, the TV remote was missing, the room had only towels for two though reservations were made for a family of three, and the toilet handle was broken. All these items were efficiently taken care of with a couple calls to the front desk. The biggest downer was that the cleaning staff removed (mistakenly, I'm sure) my daughters security blanket from her bed. We got little help from the hotel in our request to locate it and no response from the hotel in emails I sent after our stay. Conclussion: Hotel look- 8, customer service - zero.	
Sep 24 2005	5 star supreme	Treating ourselves to a luxurious long weekend away we were more than impressed with the landmark. It met our expectations in every way. The deluxe room we had was indeed spacious, sumptious and well worth the money we paid, (£130 per night through expedia). On arrival we learnt that the usual rate was £220 per night which left us feeling suitably smug. However I would still maintain that the room is worthy of such a fee. The bathroom was huge with a walk in shower approx 4 times bigger than the average person would need. The bedding, linen and toiletries were as you would expect at a 5 star hotel. Room service was prompt, and aptly priced when you consider the quality of the food and the fact that you are recieving it at any time of the day or night. The hotel is immaculate throughout, with some supurb features. The bars and restaurants are pricy but you really get what you pay for.  I was miffed to read several comments inferring that the hotel is not centrally located! I can only assume that these people do not know London very well, the hotel sits opposite marylebone station and is perfectly situated for either tourism or business.	
Sep 24 2005	Loved the Landmark	We had a great time at the Landmark Hotel in March 2003. It is right across the street from the tube/train station. Our room was on the top floor and looked out on the train station. Even with the windows open, our room was quiet. The room was very clean with wonderful, high-count bed linens and a double sink bathroom with shower/tub. The lobby has a lovely restaurant with afternoon tea. There is a lot of space so don't feel that you are squeezed right next to another table of patrons.The location of the hotel is great. Walking distance to Baker Street tube station (with more tube lines) and to Marylebone High Street. Check out the shopping at Shoon, Brora and Conran Shop on the northern bit of the street. Have breakfast at The Formagerie and Valerie's Patisserie. Great places for fresh food. You can walk 10 mins do the High Street and will hit Oxford Street and the department store Selfridges.I highly recommend this hotel if you can afford it. We got a great package deal during the winter. It is beyond our price range in the Peak season though.	
Sep 19 2005	Overpriced 	Our stay at the Landmark was ok - we found the staff unapproachable and stuffy - we did not realise that this was such a business orientated hotel - we travelled with our two children 7yrs &amp; 5yrs - you know something is wrong when you have to tell your children to be quiet in the pool. Saying this we could not fault the room at all.	
Sep 15 2005	One of the nicest in London!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Landmark for 2 nights back in June. I was very impressed. Rooms were very large (we had the slightly upgraded room from the basic one) and especially the bathroom was beautiful. The staff was quite pleasant and came to check on us every few hours to make sure everything was OK. Staff was discrete with cleaning and turndown service, making sure to do it when we were out of the room (we left at strange times). The hotel is large, yes, but we enjoyed exploring. I liked the location, on the edge of central London but still quite accessible to everything. Throughly enjoyed my stay and would DEFINITELY stay again, if I could afford it every time. The standard is definitely classic 5-star hotel. If you have the means, this is the place to stay!	
Sep 15 2005 	I love this hotel	I have stayed at the Landmark a few times, and each time I have liked it more. The exec rooms are large, comfy, with squishy sofas and luxurious furnishings. The bathrooms are big, and the beds are just great. I always have a room facing in to the courtyard, which escapes the noise of London. The courtyard is uplifting and wonderfully spacious for a central london hotel.One night I was upgraded to the Presidential Suite. Wow. A large sitting room with two sofas, a gas fire, a good stereo (which has an input for an Ipod cable), leads into a large bedroom with a huge double bed. The bathroom has a jacuzzi big enough for two, and separate showers and loos. There is also a dining room, and a small separate kitchen and guest loo. Just like a private serviced flat in town, really. The Landmark is comfy, and not at all arrogant. A firm favourite.	
Aug 22 2005	Lovely hotel shame about the prices	My husband and I stayed at the Landmark for two nights earlier this month as a special treat for our wedding anniversary. We had booked a &quot;Landmark Suite&quot; and had requested (on two separate occasions, the last one two days before we arrived) an atrium view. We were told this wouldn't be a problem, but were given a suite with a view of red brick buildings across the road. After making a bit of a fuss, we were eventually offered a family room (two double beds &amp; living area) with atrium view - but they still tried to charge us the Landmark Suite rate on departure!The room was a bit plain but very spacious, with a large marble bathroom with walk-in shower, good sized bath, double sinks and separate toilet. The atrium view was a big plus and well worth downgrading for, even if it meant the room was a bit dark and we had to keep the lights on at all times.What I found extremely disappointing was how little you got for your money. The mini bar was pricey (£6.95 for a small beer) and movies were £9.25 each. Toiletries were rationed - even through we were in a &quot;family&quot; room and there were two sinks in the bathroom, we only had one soap and one soap dish, one shower cap and the vanity pack consisted of two cotton wool pads and three Q-tips! There were two bathrobes in the closet, but no slippers, and room service charged £3 per person on all deliveries - you even had to call them to come and get the trolley away, you couldn't just push it out the door and leave it in the corridor.Eating at the Winter Garden was just as extortionate. Afternoon tea was a real pleasure and well worth the cost (£45 for two people) but breakfast and dinner were disappointing. Dinner for two with a bottle of Pinot Grigio came to £133 and although of good quality, I feel it was way overpriced. Breakfast was £20 - expensive for what it was. The pastries were top quality, but the cooked breakfast was pretty average. Service was indeed outstanding, but at those prices you shouldn't expect anything less. I had a full body E'SPA massage at the Health Club which was indeed lovely, but didn't use the swimming pool or sauna, so can't comment on the leisure facilities as a whole.The Sunday Jazz Bruch was an aspect of our stay which we thoroughly enjoyed. It's not cheap at £60 per person but you get a sumptuous buffet (with as many as 20 choices for dessert alone!), live music and all the Taittinger champagne you can drink. Our glasses were not once half empty, as attentive staff were always there to fill them up. In true Landmark style, however, all extras were charged at inflated prices - a bottle of mineral water was almost £7. No wonder some guests asked for jugs of tap water, they'd obviously been caught out before!All in all, a fabulous hotel - but I've &quot;only&quot; given it 4 stars because I expected so much more for the price.	
Aug 19 2005	Really Liked the Landmark	We stayed at the Landmark for 3 nights in July 2005 and enjoyed it very much. Our suite was incredibly spacious. The room was very clean and welll appointed. The concierges were very helpful. The rate..well it sure wasn't cheap, however everything in London seemed rather expensive to me.For two nights we stayed in a suite that was bigger than most suites I've ever been in. Two queens, a couch, coffee table, chair, end tables and still a huge open space. The room had a doorbell which I found somewhat amusing. The afternoon before our last night we received a note from the management informing us there would be a loud event that night which would result in loud noise until 1am, and if we'd like to change rooms they would happily assist us. We did and moved into an executive suite - a little smaller, but still large, with two TVs and a balcony overlooking the center enclosed courtyard/restaurant.We did not eat any meals at the hotel, but did have room service for snacks. The room service menu was lengthy enough to satisfy most people.Those up at the crack of dawn or before will find complimentary coffee and pastry near the conceirge desk. The health club and pool were decent, but the area around the pool could use a good scrub. The spa/jacuzzi was popular and could hold about 6 adults easily.I didn't find the hotel too large as one recent reviewer did. I found it large but not impersonal.Out the back door is a cab stand, Marylebone station (also with a can stand) with several food options and Marks &amp; Spencer (grocery only) with a very good selection of all sorts of groceries. Take note - the local pubs (several within a few blocks) are great for a taste of traditional English Pub fare and atmosphere however most will not allow children.Final note - be sure you are charged correctly for your room. Take your email confirmation with you. I did and corrections to our charges were made quickly and with little discussion.	
Aug 16 2005 	Five Star - Huge hotel and poor location!	I stayed at The Landmark in August due to reduced summer rates (5 nights for the price of 4). The previous reviews are accurate and the standard is five star throughout. However...The place is huge. If you like a hotel of Las Vegas proportions and don't mind walking one block to get to the elevators (no exaggeration!), then you may enjoy The Landmark. I found it too large and impersonal. The other issue is the location. It is really out on the edge of the city and despite close proximity to Regents Park and the delightful Marylebone High Street, it is a little out of the way. On the positive side, I would agree that the rooms (I stayed in a deluxe) are the largest I have found in London. Overall, it was worth it for the deal, but the regular rates are too high for the location.	
Aug 9 2005	Absolutely Perfect	I was reading current reviews and decided to add my two cents! My husband and I loved our stay at the Landmark. The room overlooked the atrium. The linens, bath, decor, etc. were perfect. The location is right across the street from the tube. This is where we'll stay again!	
Aug 9 2005	First Class	I stayed at the Landmark for a family event that we were hosting there. We had a large number of out of town guests and everyone was impressed.The rooms were stunning. They are much larger than any hotel room I have ever had in London. It had all of the amenities a five star hotel should have: luxury soaps and lotions, separated toilet, bath and shower, two sinks, comfortable bed and beautiful furnishings. The only things that were missing in their lowest priced room were hair conditioner and slippers. These were available in the more expensive rooms but did not significantly impact the quality of my stay.The Landmark is in the finest condition of any historic hotel I have ever visited since it was recently completely overhauled. It still maintains all the romance of a great railway hotel without the old beaten up feeling you get at places like the Ritz or Savoy where paint chips from the walls because they can't afford to close and properly update the building. The winter garden which used to be the hotel courtyard has been covered by a tastefully designed glass dome. Most hotels in London welcome you with a small lobby with low ceilings after a dreary morining. At the Landmark, after walking through one of the two beautiful doorways, you emerge in a sun filled room eight storries high with palm trees (fake but beautiful nonetheless) and a charming lounge and restaurant with piano music in the afternoon. All of the function rooms are stunning, each with a compatible but individual character.The service at the Landmark is outstanding. The people at reception could not have been more understanding with all the request we had. At times I feared that we would test their patience but they remained friendly and professional at all times. The concierge was successful in fulfilling all of our requests for reservations and information about the city. But most impressively, the events staff provided a level of service that I have not experinced at any hotel or event venue of any sort. Lead by Lucy White, our event exceeded our expectations many times over.Tripadvisor was right about many aspects of the hotel. First off, it is one of the finest hotels in London despite its location which is reasonably central but not amidst a many tourist attractions (but there are a few like the wax museum and Regent's Park). The hotel will change you an unreasonable amount of money for extras like telephone calls and breakfast but with a little restraint and planning, these can be avoided. Pay as you go mobile phones are available at the front desk for a reasonable charge and a small free breakfast is availble in the gym (thank you tripadvisors for this tip!).The Landmark does not have a brand name like Claridges or the Dorchester and to many the status that comes with those names is very important. But if you would like a first rate luxury hotel in London, there is no equal. Londoners who visit you at the hotel will be stunned at how you discovered this gem before them! Our stay was amidst the London bombings and we could not have felt safer, more at home and happier than we were at the Landmark. I will stay there as often as I can.	
Aug 1 2005	Beautiful appointed hotel	Date :29th July 2005Reviewer: D LoweThe hotel itself very well situated and in walking distance of lots of london attractions. Rooms are well furnished what you expect from a 5 star but I felt some of the charges for food and drink very expensive! Full breakfast was £24 each which gets expensive with a family of four.I was also a little disappointed upon check out to notice a number of charges telephone, room service, papers etc that I had not requested. I was also asked to pay twice for parking my vehicle, which at £35 per day is not to be sneezed at.Overall the staff were very pleasant and I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to push the boat out for a nice weekend break.	
Jul 31 2005	Perfection	Thoroughly enjoyed the Landmark. Exceptional service, extremely comfortable rooms (i.e., the beds), and a convenient location across from Marleybone Station (with its Marks &amp; Spencer food store) make this a sure-fire choice for anyone looking for the best in comfort, quality, and service.	
Jul 11 2005	Loved The Landmark	We just returned from a 7 night stay at The Landmark, and were quite impressed and pleased with all aspects of the hotel's service and accommodations. While it is not a &quot;bargain&quot; hotel in terms of pricing, it is a great property that has been immaculately maintained - with, what I'm sure, are some of the largest guest rooms in the London metropolitan area!The concierge assisted us with a day-long tour to Windsor, Stonehenge and Bath through a local company (British Tours - they are incredible if you don't mind spending a little extra for a personally guided tour), and also were very helpful with providing tickets for venues that are known for long lines (i.e. Madame Tussaud's, The London Dungeon, etc.). My only &quot;not-so-glowing&quot; comment would be that the service at the hotel's Sunday Brunch was less than attentive - but the food and the setting in the hotel's Winter Garden atrium area more than made up for that one glitch. If you want a very comfortable place to call &quot;home&quot; for a visit to London, The Landmark fits the bill nicely - I would definitely stay there again!	
Jul 11 2005	Don't accept anything less	Cheers to the Landmark London! What a beautiful hotel. Hollywood could not have created a more lavish setting.The rooms here are very big for european standards. The deluxe room had a huge bathroom with walkin-in shower as well as a large tub. Loved the double sink and all of the marble.The king size bed was very nice. Large closet in the foyer. Twice-daily maid srvice. Tall ceilings (we were on the 3rd floor... 4th in America) and beautiful draperies. The room's air conditioning was great as most of the days were upper 80's. The staff could not have been nicer!The best part? Marylebone station just across the street. You can't imagine how nice it is to have all of London so easily accessible. The station also has a Marks and Spencer (groceries), a liquor/convenience sotre, several coffee/food shops, florist, barber, and 5 or 6 ATMs that didn't charge a fee. By the way, purchase those drinks in the tube station and keep them in you room's fridge...much more economical.Pamper youself with this place. I will again!	
Jul 8 2005 	Landmark Hotel: loved staying here	Stunned by the events of yesterday in London, I want to preface this post by saying my family so thoroughly enjoyed our time there June 26 - July 1, we can't wait to return, especially for the 2012 Olympics, and certainly well before that! London is a vibrant, beautiful, elegant and indeed, civilized city. It is evident how much her citizens love her, we know they will persevere. We were thrilled with our huge room at the Landmark which overlooked the gorgeous atrium. A little noisy the first night due to music from a band or dj. Two very comfortable queen size beds with excellent pillows. Large bathroom, huge bath towels. I had to call housekeeping most days to request two more sets of towels as we were left only two by the cleaning staff - always promptly brought up. Nice that the loo was by itself with a door that closed. Separate shower and bath with hand held shower - sparkling clean. Large closet, and large armoire which housed minibar, tv and several deep drawers for more storage. Elegant seating area with deep sofa and coffee table. Foyer/entry area with a hall table - I felt like I was walking into my own apartment each day. Lights next to and over each bed (and buttons for all right there, including do not disturb button for doorbell), meant we could read while kids slept. Did not eat at hotel once, so cannot comment on that. While I will pay for a comfortable, elegant room, $40 (20 GBP) for breakfast per person is just silly. Ditto for the minibar prices. $20 p/p and we probably would have eaten there a couple of mornings; the dismal exchange rate probably helped decide that one! If you're on an expense account, why not, but if you're traveling with children, so many other less expensive choices. My husband discovered that the health club has free juice, fruit and small muffins/croissants in the morning; free coffee (served in china not styrofoam) from an urn near the concierge is available before breakfast is served. As previously mentioned, the Marylebone train station is directly behind the hotel. For three people, bagels and cream cheese, fruit smoothie and coffee was 9-10 GBP. Marks and Spencer Simply Food was a fantastic resource for sandwiches, yogurt, fruit, snacks, and drinks incl. well priced bottles of wine. They have lots of heat and eat things, too, but with no microwave, couldn't do those. I was eager to try some of London's great new restaurants, anyway. Staff was very helpful, esp. concierge and one of the managers, Daniela. Concierge (a woman whose name escapes me) phoned a theater for me, got great seats for a show at a price well below what I expected to pay. All in all, well done!	
Jul 7 2005	Best Hotel in London	Having previously stayed at this hotel before, i was under no illusion that it is the best hotel in london.The rooms are beautiful, beds comortable, and bathroom huge and exquisit.If you can, try to get a room overlooking the atrium - it is beautiful.The food is amazing and try afternoon tea although it is not as good value as previously, as you can now only have one refill of the plates where before you could have as much as you wanted.Breakfast is gorgeous and when included in the room rate you get a great deal as breakfast for 2 will set you back about £50, as will lunch and afternoon tea.It is expensive, but well worth it.Try to book beforehand, as we booked directly through the hotel and had a package with a deluxe room, bottle of champagne and breakfast for £250 (one night). Take away the price of the champagne and breakfast and the room is about £150 which is really good for this hotel - simply turning up and asking for a deluxe room would set you back over £400. The health club is nice, well worth a visit and is free to use for hotel guests.During the afternoon there is a pianist who plays over the atrium which is romantic and beautiful.I love the Landmark!	
Jul 3 2005	Great Upscale Hotel for Families	The tradeoff on this hotel is in its location - it is not located in a chic location like Mount Street, but that is what makes it great for families. First, the hotel itself - the rooms are large, well-appointed, with large marble baths - though we had some troubles at the outset, the hotel did everything they should to correct our rooms and ultimately left us very satisfied. The hotel also has a nice pool and capable gymnasium and several restaurant choices which is also great with kids. The location is a very English urban environment - an up-and-coming area with many ethnic groups and lots of off the main dining options. The hotel is attached to a low volume train station by way of a covered walk accross a two-lane street. The bagel and coffee shops in the trainstation as well as a Marks and Spencer Food store makes for convenient breakfasts and snacks. Madame Toussaud's is right down the street and subway access is easy. Access to all London is a snap. The Concierge here is outstanding, easily satisfying all our needs and making excellent recommendations.	
Jun 27 2005 	Great staff makes a great hotel	I have stayed at the landmark on three occassions now, each stay was of over four days. I can FULLY recommend the hotel. I have been more than happyon each occassion. Yes it is a big hotel, yes it is predominantly a business style destination - within a monolithic Victorian building yett ...... yes the service is so much better than most of these trendy so called 'Boutique Hotels'. I have used an executive room with outside view - great bathroom! Its nice to still have a turndown service ( with a refreshed ice bucket!), boot shine etc. - Guests have the complimentary run of the health centre with a great pool - a great way to wake up or relax between a meeting and a dinner engagement. High speed internet acess in each room - if a little pricey at UKstg 14.95 for 24hrs. As a constructive criticism I might suggest that they review their breakfasts - too costly and the choice is a bit narrow. Getting a taxi from this hotel is SO very easy - permanant rank at the side entrance. Above all I found that they have one of the best concierge's I have come across. Nigel deserves congratulations and commendation. His help with reservations and problem solving can be reason alone to book in here. Well done!	
Jun 23 2005	Nice room bad service	Beautiful building, very large and comfortable room and bathroom (I had an executive room with Atrium view). This is why I give it two stars.The service ruins the experience. From reception (awful welcome, they brought up my bags after half an hour) to waiting staff (reminded me of the Soviet Union), the service was almost always poor and distant.As other reviewers have noted, food prices are very high. One example: 25 pounds for English breakfast (it was included in my week-end rate) with pre-sliced industrial bread, a limited buffet, an omelet that tasted like rubber, etc. Think about it: this is the same price as breakfast at The Dorchester.The spa looked nice on pictures, but it was nothing special and the dressing + shower + sauna area was dirty, which is not acceptable for a hotel of this category.Overall, a big disappointment.	
May 24 2005	Finally a place with decent plumbing!!	My husband was in London on business so we had the chance to stay at the Landmark for FREEEEEEEEE!! I must say it was a lovely hotel. The rooms are huge and the bathrooms are also spacious. This is probably the only place in London that has decent water pressure. On average most hotels don't so you'll end up taking a shower underneath a trickle of water. At the Landmark that is not the case. Using the shower was like standing under a waterfall. My only complaint would be the overbearing staff. They were constantly ringing our door bell (yes you have a door bell) practically every minute of the day. The worst was when I was standing underneath the torrent of water in the shower. I did not hear the door bell (and of course they do not provide &quot;do not disturb&quot; signs) so it was a real shock to walk out of the bathroom in a towel only to be confronted by an employee checking on me. Other than that it was a fun place. The best part was sitting in the lounge (which is basically a huge indoor garden) drinking beers and being quite rowdy. I loved when the manager came over and snidely looked down his nose at us, asking if we were guests. We immediately produced our key cards and started laughing at him. Just cuz it's a posh hotel does not mean you have to pretend to be posh. I'm sure you're thinking oh, this person is a typical annoying American. Not the case my friend, my husband happens to be British, so I guess that makes it OK.	
Apr 13 2005	Exceeded our already high expectations!	We stayed here from 30 March to 4 April 2005 and were not disappointed. We had our 7-month-old and 3-year-old with us and stayed in a spacious family room on the fourth floor facing the atrium. The room was very quiet. The large double-sink bathroom was nearly soundproof, which was great for taking one of the kids into when necessary. The location was superb. There were a number of good restaurants nearby and a smorgasbord of eateries in the Tube station next to the hotel. The breakfast shop next to the hotel is great (and cheap). We did not eat at the main hotel restaurant, but did eat at the &quot;Cellars,&quot; the bar/restaurant on the lower floor. The food was okay, but it was more bar than restaurtant--not great for kids. There is a great little garden/park with a playground between the hotel and Marylebone High Street (lots more restaurants and shops). The hotel service was great. The staff brought up an extra bed, highchair, crib, and humidifier. The air conditioning was very effective; water pressure was excellent. All four beds fit easily against one wall, leaving lots of room. The hotel spa was a real bonus. My daughter and I ate a free light breakfast there (pastries, juice, coffee) each morning before going for a &quot;swim&quot; in the very large jacuzzi--very relaxing. All in all, this hotel exceeded our expectations, and they were high after reading all the previous reviews. I've been in slightly more luxurious hotels before, but for traveling with kids this hotel was top-notch. Highly recommend!	
Apr 5 2005	Grand hotel	As a returning visitor, I knew the Landmark would not disappoint. The rooms are spacious and beautifully decorated. I found all the staff to be friendly - they even provided me with some shirt collar stiffeners! I ate the continental breakfast each day as it was included in my plan. Be aware that eating any meal at the hotel is going to be pricey.Marylebone is not the center of London, but the tube at Baker Street is very accessible. For evening dinner, check out Marlebone High Street which has a range of restaurants.	
Apr 3 2005	Huge rooms...clean...don't make any calls	Just returned from a stay at the Landmark. We (2 adults 2 kids) stayed in a &quot;family room&quot; which was large and the bathroom had a seperate &quot;toilet room&quot; which was very key. The hotel is beautuful and I thought in a great location. It is right on the Bakerloo line which is very convenient to everything and you literally do not need to go outside (or get wet!!) to ride the tube. Our deal from Expedia did not include breakfast and we never ate at the hotel...it was REALLY expensive as far as I could see....lots of business lunches going on. However, there is an M &amp; S across the street where we purchased goodies and breakfast each day. My only complaints were ...1) that my kids...13 year old twins could not swim in the pool without an adult ....2) the concierge knew nothing .....and 3) our phone bill for several short locals calls was $80!!! (highway robbery!!) However, it was a beautiful hotel...very clean, friendly staff and great comfy beds. Would stay there again.	
Mar 21 2005	Wow factor	We stayed here for New Year &amp; had a really wonderful time. The staff are very efficient &amp; treat the guests like royalty. The pool is lovely &amp; the food is really fantastic! The location is really good, as the hotel is right next to the tube...very convenient. I would recommend this hotel &amp; definately stay there again!	
Mar 21 2005	Fabulous hotel shame about the extra charges	We have just returned from a weekend at the fabulous London Landmark Hotel and it is indeed a wonderful setting. The hotel rooms remain spacious as do all the public areas, and are decorated to a very high standard, the atmosphere takes you back to what it must have been like in `olden days`. We paid £369 for an Atrium suite but on arrival were upgraded to a Marylebone Suite which was huge. The only downside to our stay was the extra charges for instance having paid this sort of price for our room I was a bit taken aback to be told when I asked for an iron and ironing board that there would be a charge of £10, and room services charges seemed high at £3 per person per tray. Other than that, food and service excellent!	
Feb 28 2005	Value-priced if a little out of the way	Face it, most of us would prefer to stay in Mayfair, but you pay a much higher price there for a much smaller room than you'll get at the Landmark. Plenty of specials on Orbitz and other sites, probably because the location on Marylebone Road is a little out of the way. It doesn't matter, the hotel is right next to a train station and a stop on the Underground, and you'll be anywhere in the city in the blink of an eye. Also enjoyed walking through Regents Park, which is next door, and which I'd never before visited. Rooms are quite gracious, service is good, but walk a few blocks and get an English breakfast for 4 GBP, not 25 GBP in the restaurant. We had a room overlooking the street, not the central courtyard. It was quite quiet, the view was good, and overall this was a very worthwhile experience.	
Feb 17 2005	shaky start - but soon redeemed	We booked three nights in a deluxe room at the Landmark and duly arrived at 6-30 pm to be told our room was not ready and we would have to wait. When we explained to the trainee receptionist that check in time was several hours ago and we had a meeting to get to a senior receptionist was summoned and within seconds, to the accompaniement of profuse apologies, we were upgraded to a suite for the duration of our stay. Rooms at the Landmark are large - suites are very large and sumptuously equipped and overlook the central atrium/lobby. This is a hotel on a grand scale and may not suit everybody due to it's lack of intimacy but it is in an easily accessible location being next to a tube station and there is a mini Marks and Spencer food shop just opposite so if you don't fancy expensive room serice a really nice picnic is only yards away. Breakfast space is limited and there is often a wait for a table - ok if you are on a relaxing break - frustrating if you are on a timetable. Leisure facilities are good without being fantastic. Our abiding memory was falling asleep with the sound of a string quartet drifting up to our room from the lobby bar	
Feb 16 2005	Great Stay at the Landmark	Stayed at the Landmark in January 2005. Very convenient hotel next to a wonderful Tube station. British Airways Holidays has terrific prices for this hotel including a great breakfast. Our room was very large, having been upgraded for a just 10 pounds per night extra on arrival. The indoor pool was nice. Most of all, the staff treated us like Royalty. Beware, do not use the phone; a 2 minute call can cost as much as 15 pounds. Also, the prices in the restaurant were crazy.	
Feb 1 2005 	Excellent even with its flaws	I stayed 6 nights at the Landmark in January 2005. I've stayed there on a number of occasions before, and think it is one of the best hotels in London. The rooms are unusually large and are kept very clean. My only complaint: The light bulb in the w/c burned out. I didn't notify anyone, but the maid did not notice it for two days (how do you clean in the dark?). The charges for the phone are very high, as well. Still, the Landmark has to rate as excellent.	
Jan 29 2005	Great room and that's it.	One should choose this hotel if no. 1 priority is a spacious room and a comfortable bed, which is something not to understimate. Other than that, the Landmark has a clear managerial problem : the service and the staff professionality are erratic, sometimes good- other times very bad, with the reception desk standing high in unfriendliness and &quot;wimpiness&quot;. If you consider that personnel here has a high turn-over, one may argue that this is what they've been instructed , or uninstructed, to do : basically, the minimum. Locationwise, I find it very practicle, being linked to the tube, but others may find it a bit off the beaten path. Minibar, telephone and bar more expensive than already outrageously expensive levels of London.	
Jan 28 2005 	Beautiful Victorian railway hotel	One of the most beautiful hotels I've visited. We left our luggage with the rear doorman - opposite Marylebone station, left the car to be valet parked, checked in, and took one of the three rapid lifts to our lovely room, to find that our bags had beaten us - good start!! Lovely good-sized room, firm yet comfortable bed, choice of pillows, huge bathroom and shower with separate w.c. The public rooms are a delight, refurbished to their turn of the century grandeur. Staying as part of a conference, the breakfast were mediocre, if included I would say worthwhile, if not there are myriad small cafes in Marylebone station just seconds from the hotel. There's also an M&amp;S food outlet with an excellent selection of wine and snacks, so no need to raid the minibar either. Perfectly sited, just outside the congestion charge area (missing the signs cost me 50 pounds last time I visited London) and virtually atop the Bakerloo tube line, means that Oxford and Regent Street are only minutes away. The perfect place to stay in London, enjoy the ambiance, the rooms and the pool, give the restaurants a miss, and snack at the station or dine in the City.	
Jan 20 2005	Paradise Found	I stayed at the Landmark on Sunday and Monday night (the 16th and 17th respectively). The service was of the highest calibre. Having spent 11 hours on a Saturday night en route from Cape Town to London in thecramped economy class of a South African Airways plane, it was sucha relief to arrive at the Landmark at 10 a.m. on the Sunday morning todiscover that my luxurious room had already been serviced and wasawaiting immediate occupation. One power shower later and a two hour sleep and I had successfully banished the aeronautical cobwebs from my mind. I have stayed in about fifty different London hotels over the past twenty years and my room in the Landmark was by far the largest I have ever occupied. Superb. The bed was so comfortableand the curtains so effective in blotting out the light outside that eventhe most hardened insomniac would sleep there.Faced with a choice between paying an airline company an extra £1,000 - £1,500 sterling for a business class seat or flying economy class and spending a few days in the Landmark to recover from anoverseas trip, the traveller with time on his/her hands should alwayschoose the latter of these two options.I have only one reservation about the Landmark. The fact that they charge £4.50 for a minuscule bottle of mineral water from their mini-bar. I could understand a 400% mark up and a charge of £2. But £4.50 constitutes evidence of rapaciousness on their part and it is deserving of the strongest criticism. Isn't it time that the hotels started behavingreasonably towards their customers by charging them fair prices for the drinks in a mini-bar? If any reader of this review could alert the tripadvisor website to a hotel in London which charges a reasonable price for the drinks in their mini-bar, I would be interested to hear about it. I suspect that such a hotel probably does not exist. In the meantime,consumers should vote with their feet by buying mineral water for less than £1 sterling in the retail outlet at Baker Street underground station and carrying it back with them to their rooms in the Landmark hotel.Having complained about the price of mineral water, I still rate theLandmark as the best hotel I have ever stayed in in London. There's just something special about the place which is deserving of the highest praise. Paradise Found, as Milton might have said.If walking around the area in the vicinity of the Landmark, make surethat you you do not miss Marylebone High Street. It's a narrow windingstreet which connects Marylebone Road to Oxford Street. And it's fullof the most elegant delicatessens, restaurants and curio shops. Wellworth a leisurely twenty minute stroll (or more, if you want to explorethe shops in greater depth).	
Jan 17 2005	Bad Security and Service. Beware in the Lobby.	Unfortunately, my wife's purse was stolen at the front desk when we were checking in. The Landmark staff could care less. At first, they claimed my wife did not have a purse with her but then we made security review the videotape. The tape made it look as though thieves were casing out the lobby. Once it was obvious that the theft occurred, the hotel basically took the position that the incident was entirely our problem. There was no genuine concern or offer to assist with notifying credit card companies, etc. We when inquired about the bellstaff, we were told &quot;sorry-they are at lunch&quot; Rooms are fine but location and service are less than ideal. Several other guests complained during our stay about service issues. Stay somewhere else.	
Jan 11 2005	Excellent by London standards	My husband and I stayed here for one night in January 2005. Being typically British and therefore pessimistic we didn't expect The Landmark London to be exceptional but it truly was. Many London hotels are cramped, expensive, dirty and the service leaves a lot to be desired but that was not the case at The Landmark London.We paid GBP 198 which included a full English breakfast. My husband had the full English whilst I opted for a Continental breakfast. Contrary to the previous comment on this website a Continental breakfast is not just 'coffee and a roll', there were a variety of cereals, fruit, pastries, juices, jams and toast. OK, I've been to other hotels outside of the UK with more selection but I think this needs to be compared to UK hotels to be fair.Our room was a standard Deluxe and was very pleasant with plenty of room. It overlooked the huge internal courtyard with an atrium roof - very pretty. The bathroom was small-ish but very luxurious, clean and well-stocked with toiletries from The White Company.We used the health club and swimming pool and found them both well-equipped and pleasing.I agree that this hotel is not absolutely central in London, however it's well within walking distance of the main shops (we walked to Oxford Street quite happily) and Marylebone itself is a lovely upmarket area with really quirky shops. For those of you who know New York, it's the London equivalent of Greenwich Village.All in all, a wonderful stay and I would recommend it over any other hotel. Forget Claridges, the Ritz or the Savoy, which are all old, small and need renovating.	
Dec 30 2004	Great hotel but don't touch the phone or eat breakfast	I stayed over Christmas week 2004. The room is large, quiet, nicely equipped, and very comfortable. I got a good rate (about 130 pounds a night). While the location around the hotel is not the most interesting for walking around, it is right across the street from a tube (underground) station with several coffee shops, grocery stores, bagel shop, etc. Very convenient. The hotel has a great health club and pool, which they do not charge extra for.The problem with the hotel is the extras. They charge GBP 0.75 per minute for phone calls within London. That's right, more than one US dollar per minute for a local call. I think this is basically theft. They charge GBP20 (about US$40) for a contentintal breakfast (coffee and roll). THey charge GBP15 per day for internet access. These outrageous prices really take the enjoyment out of staying at the Landmark. To avoid these charges, I went across the street to the station to use a pay phone and buy breakfast. An internet cafe is a few blocks away (towards Paddington) and the station has wifi. The hotel doesn't seem to really try hard to please the guests. During the holiday weeks, the hours at the health club and pool were reduced. Fair enough. But they didn't even bother to post the revised schedule on the door of the health club, and did not send an announcment to the room. If you went too early, the door was locked and other staff had no clue as to why. The registration and checkin area is near the 'main' entrance. But that is not the entrance you use if you arrive by train, subway, bus or taxi. All these bring you to the back door. But the hotel has no signs directing guests to the check-in area. It really doesn't bother them, it seems, that ones first reaction to the hotel is complete disorientation (unless you arrive when the door is manned, and get personal help).Overall, it is a great hotel for the discount rate I paid. But the need to leave the hotel to make a local phone call and eat breakfast reduces my enthusiasm for the hotel considerably.	
Dec 11 2004	Beautiful hotel beautiful people beautiful city	This is a fantastic hotel. Have stayed there on a few occasions, including last week. The rooms have been gracefully decorated, and are spacious. the service was fantastic, and quite frankly I can't utter a bad word about it! Not even if I tried....Not even a sausage!	
Dec 5 2004	Landmark is Top Notch	Recently stayed at the Landmark for five nights over Thanksgiving with my husband and 10 year old son. From the start while our taxi driver let us off, the staff was attentive. They took our bags in while we went directly to Registration. Our room was ready even though we had checked in early. The room was quite large with two full-size beds, a sofa, a chair, desk, and large marble bath with separate shower. The cleanliness of the room couldn't be better. The bedding was bright white as were the towels. The entire staff was polite and amenable. This hotel had a great location, directly across the street from an Underground Station where it housed a coffee bar, soup bar, food store, among others. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 6 2004	Great hotel with great service	Great hotel big rooms and bathrooms however what makes it superior to other London hotels is the service. Gerry at the restaurant is the best, the concierge team is one of the most friendly and efficient I have ever encountered on my travels.This hotel is a well kept secret keep it this way!!!!!	
Oct 30 2004	Seriously overpriced and overrated	All the other reviewers have obviosly got rocks in their heads! I stayed here 4 years ago and it was fabulous. It had a wonderful restaurant at this time and the rooms were fab. However on returning recently i found it an altogether unpleasant experience. The staff are generally rude and snobby, verya impersonal approach to their guests. The wintergarden is very overpriced. We ate here at about 6 ish and it was packed full of business types all holding power meetings rather loudly. You are packed in like sardines and the food had to be sent back because it was cold. In addition they were filming the Xfactor when we visited so the public areas were full of hysterical wannabees...not what we had in mind for a relaxing time. Overall, apart from the lovely inner couryard which is very impressive, this hotel lacks any kind of charisma or charm. If you want to stay in a lovely, personal hotel close by go to the Dorset Square hotel. Much more refined and tasteful and they will not rip you off.	
Oct 23 2004	Splendid Hotel	I just completed my second stay at this wonderful hotel, which I booked through British Airways. Service was exceptional. Some of the staff remembered us from our stay in 2003, which made us feel like regulars (I wish!). I mentioned my lingering sinus infection to the desk clerk who had showed us to our room, and she immediately sent the hotel nurse up for a consultation. A full English Breakfast in the spectacular seven-storey atrium was included in our rate, thank heavens, as it cost 24.00GBP. I love my carbs, and particularly enjoyed the fresh baked goods and fruit in the buffet.As other reviewers have mentioned, the guest rooms are spacious with wonderful marble bathrooms containing double sinks, a large separate shower, and WC in a private enclosed area, all of which easily allow two people to ready themselves to enjoy the day.The only drawback for some might be the location. Luckily, Marylebone tube station stands only steps away from the hotel, ready to whisk you to the hot spots. There are lovely restaurants and shops in and off Marylebone High Street, but these are a 15-20 minute walk from the Landmark. A Pizza Express on Marylebone Road is less than five minutes away, however.	
Oct 19 2004	Worth Every Penny	We visited London at the end of August, 2004 and stayed at the London Landmark 9 nights. The hotel itself was magnificent. Very large rooms, great decor, incredible dining area, and even a pool! The location was perfect, across the street from Marleybone Station and Tube and a 2 min. walk to Baker Street Tube. Cannot imagine staying anywhere else in London. Go. Relax. Enjoy.	
Sep 30 2004	Wonderfull London Wonderfull Landmark	Me and my wife stayed at the Landmark last week end. The experience was simply outstanding . Anything was wrong with this old marvelous piece of London History. Our room was excellent and roomy with a perfect bathroom and a great service. definitely far better thah our high hopes.We will return at the Landmark next time. If you can afford this id definitely the HOTEL !	
Aug 17 2004	Glorious stay thoughtful attention to detail truly 5-star	Glorious stay at an old-world, luxury hotel! Thoughtful, considerate, eminently helpful staff and an impeccable room made this hotel the absolutely most wonderful of our week in England at several very, very nice hotels. Nothing short of 'superb' would describe it. The high tea was also the best of any on our trip. Can't recommend it enough to family and friends!	
Aug 11 2004	Pleasant	My 6 year old daughter and I just returned from a trip to London from August 4 to August 10, 2004. I initially booked the hotel at the Radisson Edwardian Mayfair, but after reading all the poor reviews, I decided to change it to the Landmark London Hotel. The Landmark London Hotel is about a 5 second walk to and from the underground train station. Take the Heathtrow Express from the airport to Paddingtong Station; then take Bakerloo Line towards Elephant and Castle and exit at Marelyborne Station. Upon exiting at Marelyborne Station, cross the street and head right. Hotel is less than a block away. We initially had the deluxe room, but upgraded to the superior room for 10 pound per night. The staff was friendly, and the room was nice: Well proportioned; marble bathroom; effective air conditioner; and decent in size.Take hair conditioner and hair dryer. Take your unbrella everywhere. The weather is unpredictable. It was hot for a couple of days. To clarify ambiguity, I mean, shorts and tank top hot.&quot; The evenings got a bit cool, but not such that you need a raincoat, which I indeed packed based on all the other reviews.We went to Heathrow at least two hous prior to departure for a flight return to LAX, but found the time insufficient. The airport is chaotic. The announcement on the Heathrow Express states that all flights going to Los Angeles will be from Termial I. When I arrived at terminal I, however, I realized that I was at the wrong terminal. Virgin Atlantic departing to Los Angeles was from terminal 3. I would say that you should get to the airport three(3) hours prior to the flight just to be safe.I didn't realize this until the second or third day, but Baker Street, which is the immediate next stop from the Marelyborn Station, is an excellent place to &quot;hang out&quot;. The Cellars, which is a pub located at the basement of the Landmark Hotel is pleasant and reasonable.	
Aug 6 2004	Fantastic Hotel!	I have stayed at this hotel 4 times now, and not once have I been dissapointed. During the last time I visited (July 2004) when I checked in I was told there was a problem with the room I had booked (a Landamrk suite) and essential maintaince needed to be carried out on all of these rooms. However, the assistant manager was very apolgetic and dealed with the problem extremely well. Me and my daughter were offered an upgrade to an Atrium Suite, however, this room on ly had one bed and another would have to be brought in. When we were shown to this room we decided not to take it due to the camper bed having to be brought in. Therefore the assistant manager showed us to another room we could have which was a deluxe room (and as we have had one before we knew what to expect (they too are lovely)). However, this room was HUGE and much bigger than the previous deluxe room we had on a past visit (which was also very large), and so we took this room straight away. To show his apoligies the assistant manager offered us a bottle of champagne (which would normally costs about £40), however, as neither of us drink we declined. He then offered us chocolates and a bowl of fruit which we happily accepted- I felt as if they would have given us anything if we had have asked! Moving on, although others have complained about the location of this hotel I found it very handy. It is in the fashionable district of Maryblone and to reach the tube station dierctly across the road there is even a covered walkway! For cheaper food you can buy snacks at the 'Marks and Spencers food to go' at the station if you don't want to splash out at the hotel, however, I would strongly suggest coffee in the atrium at least once! I found this transport link extremely useful as you had easy access to the whole of London, and also there are usually taxis waiting outside the station so you don't have to hail one. Overall a truly excellent hotel!	
Aug 2 2004	Fabulous hotel!!!!	We chose the Landmark based upon reviews on this website. We just spent 5 nights at the Landmark! My 15.5 yr old son accompanied me. The atrium in the center of the hotel has a restaurant with live music - pianist. There were at least 2 weddings/receptions there in our short visit. The food at the Sunday brunch was spectacular! Especially the desserts! Nearby restaurant - ASK - is fantastic &amp; cheap - Italian!! Very quiet hotel - away from the crowds &amp; traffic. Taxis are available for minimal charge to tourist sites. Luxurious bedding! My son now wants his own duvet. Will definitely return to this hotel next visit to London!	
Jul 27 2004	Loved this hotel!	This hotel is very expensive, yet there are great deals to be had. I booked through Virgin Atlantic, air &amp; hotel for 1 week $1200. This is a very exclusive hotel. Beautiful rooms, very large. Gorgeous atrium, where I had breakfast (included). The week I stayed there, Eminem was on the same floor. All services were exceptional, room service expensive, food so-so. Would definitely stay again, if I can find the same package.	
Jul 14 2004	Magnificent!	Just returned from 5 days in London with my 16 year old daughter. Chose the Landmark primarily based on reviews from this site. We were not disappointed! We chose the family suite because we wanted space to relax in the evening. The room was huge, even by our American standards. The decor was lovely and the added touches of nightly turndown service were appreciated. We really liked the button switches on the wall by each bed that allowed you to control the lights and the do not disturb sign! Staff was very helpful and always friendly. Had High Tea one afternoon in the atrium restaurant. The tiny desserts were delicious. As for the location not being right in the center of London, that is definitely a plus. We were on the 2nd floor and it was still very quiet all night. The hotels closer to the center of town have to deal with much more traffic and plenty more noise. You are not missing anything if you stay in this area. London's transportation system is so well designed that you can get anywhere you need to go in a short time. The subway is very clean and well equipped to handle the thousands of travellers who visit the city. The subway stations located just out the back of the hotel and also a few blocks up the street by Madame Tussauds were very convenient. We bought a week pass at the subway and used the system to go everywhere. The built in voltage converter in the room was great. If you must have a good hairdryer though, bring your own. It's true what they say about European hotel hairdryers. They're like the hose out of an old vacuum cleaner. It will take you all morning to dry your hair!The conceierge was great about getting us tickets to Madame Tussauds, making dinner reservations, giving directions, and having a taxi ready for us at 5:30am the day we left to go home. I have stayed in some of the most beautiful hotels in many states and several different countries. This hotel rates at the top and you will not be dissappointed. One little note. We booked through Expedia and had reserved the shuttle service from Heathrow to the airport. Took 3 hours to get to our hotel because we were one of the last stops. Instead I reccommend to use the high speed train from Heathrow to Paddington Station and then either take a taxi from there or the subway to Marlyebone Station. Hotel is across the path from Marlyebone. Taxi to the airport at 5:30 am (35 minute drivewith no traffic) will cost you $100.Also used Expedia to book our day tour of Paris from London while we were there. Tour company had received no notification from Expedia. Hotel had not received notification from Expedia. Only airline had the information. So don't get upset with the hotel if they don't have your reservation, get upset with Expedia! And carry all your papers from Expedia as well as calling ahead for whatever you book with them to make sure they have everything so you won't be disappointed! One mother/daughter in front of us in the line to go to Paris had booked through Expedia and hadn't called the tour company ahead of time. They did not get to go on the tour because the company had received no information from Expedia! Imagine their disappointment! If you're going to London, take lots of layered clothing and your umbrella! The hotel has umbrellas for you to use but each person going will need one. Yes, it rains every day!Have a wonderful time!	
Jul 8 2004	What an AWESOME hotel	My husband and I traveled to London 6/14-6/21/04. This hotel is an awesome 5* hotel. The service was impecable. The room we had was very large, as was the bathroom. The bathroom was all marble. We were concerned about the electricity. There was one plug in the room that was 110 and we were able to plug in our items without using a converter.We chose this hotel based on information we received from reviews on this site. Continental breakfast was included in our package. The breakfast was wonderful. It was possible to upgrade to the &quot;Full English Breakfast for 3 pounds more per person. This was very good also. The hotel is across the street from the Marleybone tube station. One of the best &quot;Chippies&quot; in the city is located about two blocks away from the hotel. Baker Street is a couple of blocks away. The best &quot;Beatles&quot; memorabilia store is on Baker Street for those that are Beatles fans. The Original Tour Bus stand is just a few blocks away. This is an awesome bus to tour the city and get your barrings on where you want to visit. The rate that you pay allows 24 hours of travel on the bus. You can get off and on at any point and at any time. The price that you pay also includes a Thames river cruise. You also receive a headset to learn more about the city while on the bus.The hotel also serves &quot;High Tea&quot;. The Winter Garden Restaurant is where the tea is served. Awesome ambience, as well as classic live music.If we travel to London again, we would definitely stay here.	
Jul 5 2004	The best 5* so far	Just returned from a three night stay at this hotel and can say say of the five 5* hotels I have stayed in so far in London, this one is by far the best value. The Marylebone tube is in sight of the hotel giving easy access to just about everywhere in the capitol.The junior suite I stayed in was spacious,clean and very quiet and a rate of £255.00 ($ 460) inclusive of all taxes and services charges a bargain at London prices.The only downside that I would say is that it lacks an intimate atmosphere of say the connaught, but you can have a drink at the Connaught without staying there. Overall superb.	
Jun 26 2004	Beautiful Hotel	My husband and I just visited London for the first time 6/19/04 - 6/22/04 and stayed at the Landmark London Hotel. We found the reviews on Tripadvisor very helpful and made our decision to stay at this hotel because of them. We were amazed at the size of the hotel. To find the check-in counter was an adverture. You pass through sitting rooms, tea room, indoor atrium, and hallways full of marble tables and art. Our room was very large with a nice bed (feather down and nice sheets) and new upscale furniture. The bathroom was also very large and set in all marble. The location of the hotel was far from most sights but it is right across the street from the underground TUBE. Purchase a one day pass on the TUBE and you can go anywhere in the city quickly and easily. We ate at the hotel's pub down in the basement and had an execellent meal at a reasonable price. The indoor pool was clean but the jacuzzi was only luke warm. The service was also top notch. Overall, what at delight! We would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 8 2004	Beyond wonderful!	The Landmark is a phenominal hotel. We felt like royalty from the minute we got there. The deluxe room was huge and the staff was quite friendly.We did feel a little underdressed in the hotel. WE were on vacation and casual and felt a little uncomfortable in shorts. This was particularly true when we got caught in a receiving line at a wedding in one of the ballrooms. I swear all of London glitterati was there. We were quite embarrased.	
Jun 3 2004	We loved the Landmark London	We stayed at the Landmark May 15-20, 2004. We had reserved a studio suite and a standard room. Both were absolutely beautiful and very comfortable. Have never been treated better by the entire staff. On Monday night, we were advised that George Bush, Sr. would be visiting the next day for a reception . As you can imagine there was a lot of security. The staff did everything possible to keep disruptions to a minimum. Pretty exciting actually. The weather was perfect all week. Our last night there, I awoke at 1:00 am and thought it was raining outside -- instead it was inside our suite -- something had over flowed from the room above. By 1:30 we had been moved to another room. Our only wish was that the overflow had occurred on our first night there, because the suite they moved us to was OUT OF SIGHT!! Great stay, great hotel.	
May 31 2004	Great hotel great price	Based on great reviews here, we went to the Landmark and loved it. We booked three rooms, and all were terrific. The rooms were very large for London, beautifully furnished, and wonderfully quiet. The common areas are spectacular and the breakfasts could not have been better. They honored our requests for king beds and rooms near one another (although if you want high ceilings, avoid the sixth floor). BAHolidays.com advertised a special of $270/night for a &quot;superior&quot; room (a modest step up from standard &quot;executive&quot; room) including full English breakfast for two and all taxes--a price so much lower than other travel sites we were convinced it was a mistake. Although we had to email the site to get this rate, it was offered without hesitation and we had no subsequent problems with our reservation. A great hotel at a great price!	
May 25 2004	Almost excellent	We arrived at 1am at the front entrance (i.e. not facing the station) and there was a distinct lack of staff to help us get ourselves and our baggage into the hotel. We had a room overlooking the atrium which was a very good size and beautifully decorated. The bed was a little hard and the sheet a bit starchy, but otherwise a comfortable room.No tea making facilities in the room (essential for a Brit) and although housekeeping provided us with a kettle, the cups that we asked for were removed every day until I resorted to hiding them in a draw!Very pleasant ambiance - I would recommend the Landmark.	
May 19 2004	Landmark is Fantastic	I am amazed that anyone could write a negative review about this incredible hotel.My husband and I stayed at the Landmark for ten days from March 20th to March 30st. We have stayed at many fine hotels, Ritz, etc, but we found this hotel to have first-class service with an warm and friendly staff.PROS: We had a superior room that overlooked the Atrium. It was (by American standards) a wee bit small, but sumptious nonetheless. Bathroom was marble with separarate shower and tub. Bed was very comfortable. Food (both room service) and at the restaurant in the atrium downstairs (I forgot the name) was very good. Remember, it will be expensive here, this is London, not America! To say a bit of money, get some water and sodas of your own and put them in the room's refridgerator. You can squeeze in a lot of stuff if you try. The wait staff was wonderful, very curteous and they bent over backward to cater to your every need. Maid service was excellent. Live entertainment was in the Atrium every night (pianist, or string quartet) so if you prefer to nap from 6-9 pm, it might be difficult to do so in a room that faces the atrium. We sat in the atrium after dinner until midnight just talking about the day's events!! Hotel shop nothing spectacular, lots of perfume. CONS: Honestly, the only &quot;con&quot; we encountered was the fact that this hotel was a bit far removed from the main areas of Londen. The only attractions near the hotel were Madam Tussuad's museum (ugh!) and Sherlock Holme's house. You will need to take cab or the subway to see things like the Tower of London, Parliment, Beg Ben etc. Than being said, the cab rides were qucik, and subways very clean and easy to use. There were several fine restuarants within walking distance and several nice pubs as well. Bottom line: sumptious hotel that caters to international travelers. Good luck-Please feel free to email me if you have any questions-	
May 17 2004	Nothing special	I had high expectations, based on reviews on this site. I was disappointed. When I arrived, the receptionist claimed to have no record of my reservation. After much searching through my luggage, I found the print-out of my on-line booking. She reluctantly allowed me to check in. When I got to my room, the manager had already left a message to say I needed to pay. After calls back to the US, I finally was able to convince them that my credit card already had been charged in advance. Throughout my stay, I found the service neutral to hostile -- no smiles at all. The room was nothing special and cheap in little ways -- those hairdryers that are attached to the wall, for example. London has far better to offer.	
Apr 25 2004	Absolutely First Class!	An absolutely wonderful hotel with terrific customer service! Our room was lovely--spacious and first class. The interior courtyard is beautiful, and provides a great backdrop for dinner or a late-night drink. Location is a little off the beaten path, but a tube stop is located across the street. Quite expensive, but if your budget allows, the Landmark can't be beat.	
Apr 4 2004	Wonderful place for coffee rooms over-priced	The very best thing about this hotel is its wonderful winter cafe in the atrium which forms the heart of the hotel. Here you can while away a morning in beuatiful relaxed surroundings drinking a coffee or two....or hold an informal business meeting.However, when I stayed overnight in the Hotel is was really disappointed. The service was terrible. I wasn't allocated the room type I had requested. I was kept waiting at reception for over 10 minutes. The room service food was OK but not outstanding. The room was long and thin.It's OK, clean, 5* and it does have parking (rare in London)....but I have had very much better service at a number of 4* hotels in London at half the price.	
Mar 27 2004	Great Hotel!	Traveled to London Mar 19-21 2004 for 50th birthday celebration. Booked 2 rooms via www.gb-hotels.com at 200 pounds per night inclusive of full English breakfast and upgrade to deluxe room--which was huge w/ sofa/seating area and wonderful bath. Hotel was luxurious; hotel staff accomodating; spa/fitness center top notch; Marylebone tube/train access at back door; breakfast plentiful. Staff was just as courteous to 16 year old son and friend as they were to my husband and I. Although it was expensive, I would HIGHLY recommend for a special occassion. Several fast food (KFC, Burger King) within a couple of blocks to satisfy teens; variety of small restaurants in area; small grocery store in tube station selling snacks/wines/fruit/sandwiches.	
Mar 18 2004	A definite recommend!	If you are used to staying at Four Seasons and Ritz Carlton Hotels, this is the hotel for you. It is clean, elegantly furnished, and convenient for getting around central London. We have also stayed at the Four Seasons and Grosvenor House in London, and this is by far the nicest of the three. Our biggest concern when booking this hotel was that we kept hearing that it was off the beaten track. We did not find this to be the case at all. It is not near all the other hotels and embassys which surround Hyde Park, but it is in total walking distance to them (maybe a 15-20 minute walk). Also the Marylebone tube Station is directly across the street. Two added bonuses are that there is a nice pool in the hotel and there is a Marks and Spencer grocery store right next door so you can pick up those last minute items (great if you had a baby like us).	
Mar 3 2004	p.r. better than real thing	I made my decision to stay at the Landmark based largely on the reviews I read at tripadvisor, so I wanted to add mine at this point. On the plus side, the hotel is clean, pleasant and the rooms are large. However, on the negative side, it does not have any real character. The room I had overlooked an inner atrium. This atrium could have been anywhere. I once had a similar view in a hotel in Maryland. If you are looking for a distinct London feel, this hotel does not have it. It's a nice enough place to stay, but I feel it has gotten reviews that would lead you to believe it is much more than I found it to be. It also suffers from not being located in a particularly interesting or pretty or exciting neighborhood. It's a pleasant enough place to stay, but certainly not one of the great hotels in the world, in my opinion. It does not have that extra something to make it more than the sum of its parts.	
Feb 8 2004	Best hotel in London?	Stayed just for a weekend - wish it had been longer. On arrival we were given a room upgrade even though it was 2 hours before check in time. The room was HUGE! Lovely decor and bathroom and very good service. Excellent location too. Breakfast was delicious and the cellar bars nice too. Couldn't fault anything at all. Definitely intend to stay again next time in London.	
Feb 5 2004	A great hotel	We stayed at The Landmark London in May of 2003 and loved it. It was comfortable and beautifully decorated with marble tile in the bathroom. Everything seemed very clean except for the carpet, which needed a shampooing, but I'm pickier than most people about these things.	
Jan 28 2004	Lovely but some rooms better than others		
Jan 18 2004	Should be the No.1 hotel in London		
Jan 12 2004	Landmark Hotel surpassed expectation		
Jan 5 2004	Very Good Place		
Dec 24 2003	Great Hotel		
Oct 12 2003	Outstanding		
Oct 5 2003	The Landmark Hotel		
Aug 24 2003	Truly Amazing Hotel		
May 29 2003	loved it!!		
May 7 2003	Take me back		
Nov 3 2009 	désartreux!		
Aug 12 2009 	Endlich ein gutes Londoner Hotel		
Jun 9 2009 	hotel haut de gamme		
Apr 18 2009 	Un trés bon hôtel magnifiquement bien situé		
Mar 30 2009 	???????????????		
Jan 1 2009 	MAGINIFIQUE HOTEL		
Dec 7 2008 	Ottimo Hotel vicino a Baker Street		
Aug 28 2006 	Perfekter Aufenthalt		
