	This hotel is quaint warm and welcoming.	My husband, mother inlaw and I stayed 3 nights at this lovely hotel. From the moment we stepped out of the taxi we were welcomed and felt at ease. The staff was friendly and very helpful. Our rooms were quaint and warm, one could not ask for anything as far as amenities went. The turn down service included a lit candle on the side of the bath, it was such a nice touch that one could not help but to enjoy a long bubble bath. The resuraunt is cozy and homelike and the food was wonderful. We are looking forward to going there again in the future.	
	Excellent service in a perfect location	This was my second stay at the Milestone. It is a charming and truly exceptional hotel. The service is excellent. They cannot do enough for you. Highly recommended.	
	Food Service Needs to be as Good as the Rooms	We stayed here for a weekend in November, 2009. The hotel is in a great location and has lovely public areas. The reception staff were great and the doorman was really friendly in showing us to our room. The room itself was lovely, very well furnished with a big bathroom - generally a very high standard.The only place that the hotel lets itself down is when it comes to food service in the restaurant. We did not eat dinner at the hotel so have no experience of dinner but the breakfast service was a bit chaotic. On the first day we were asked quite a few times what our room number was and then we were served an omelette that we didn't order. The food that did come was ok but nothing special - I'd expect something a bit out of the ordinary at the room rate that the hotel charges.On the second day we had to wait for around 30 minutes for breakfast as &quot;everyone had turned up for breakfast at the same time&quot;. This should be no surprise in a London hotel on the weekend. Whislt we waited for breakfast, the (friendly) staff wandered around looking a bit confused but not really achieving very much. Once we got breakfast we were served by a waitress who forgot to bring milk, forgot her pen, forgot her notepad, etc. etc. It all seemed quite disorganised.Our third day was better - the hotel had encouraged people to take breakfast in bed. The service was still a little odd. Some days you get milk, some not. Some days there's honey on the table and some not. If you order two courses for breakfast you might find that they both show up at the same time.Generally, this is a great hotel but I'd recommend making sure that you either get a good deal that includes breakfast or start your day elsewhere.	
	Milestone apartements - perfect base in London	We stayed at the Milestone apartments in September 2009 with our 2 year old son and our nanny.The apartment was a perfect choice, as it offers the same beautiful traditional decor like the rest of the hotel, but more space and a kitchen. The public areas of this hotel are beautifully decorated. They are on a rather small side but it doesn't matter as this gives the hotel an intimate feeling.Our apartment was beautiful, full of light with all the amenities, serviced twice a day. Marble bathrooms were specious and had huge bottles of Penhaligon's toiletries.Bedrooms were plush with matching draperies, carpets, bed canopies and wallpaper all in traditional English style. The location of the hotel is great, right across from Kensington Gardens and very close to some major attractions and great shopping.Staff is very helpful and knowledgeable. This is truly home away from home in London.	
	All of the superlatives are true!	I booked this hotel through American Express, having cross referenced all of the London hotels in their book with Trip Advisor. As the Milestone had the highest trip advisor reviews, I chose it for my family of four and am so happy I did.If you are looking to have an authentic holiday in London, I think you will find the following to be true about the Milestone Hotel:Location: excellent,; our 5th floor rooms had a wonderful view of Hyde park and Kensington Palace. There is a short walk to the Park, the Palace and the Orangery which serves lovely tea and cakes. It is also only a short walk to the South Kensington tube and many small restaurants. There is roughly a fifteen minute stroll to Harrods and Harvey Nichols, and an approximately sixteen pound taxi ride, (in some traffic ) to the British museum. Check in and check out: excellent; efficient, welcoming and friendly.Rooms: excellent; elegantly and tastefully appointed, immaculately clean, fine linens, comfortable bed and pillows, cozy. The marble bathroom was also perfect-- clean and new, great water pressure...Room service and restaurants: excellent; we very much enjoyed dining at the Milestone. The servers managed to strike the perfect balance between being friendly and attentive, yet not at all intrusive. We were happy to learn of the history of the hotel whilst enjoying a hearty English breakfast. My husband and son could not think of a better way to begin the day. My daughter and I particularly enjoyed having afternoon tea by the fire, surrounded by books. Concierge: excellent; knowledgeable, friendly and helpful.Lastly, we visited England because we love its history. I could not bear, then, to be in a large chain hotel which could be anywhere in the world. In the end, it is the people that you encounter on your travels, I think, who make the journey more enjoyable. It was gratifying to us that all who we encountered at the Milestone spoke English and had a knowledge of its history and legacy. On our last trip to England some years ago, we stayed at the Mandarin in Knightsbridge, which, while lovely in many ways, could not hold a candle to the Milestone.We had a wonderfully memorable holiday at the Milestone and would be most happy to return.high mark activities for teenagers: Sherlock Holmes museum, the International Friends tour to Stonehenge (with Nicholas driving and Pat guiding), the Pubs are fun as well, and the Army museum was also well done.	
Nov 18 2009 	wonderful stay!!!	it was totally wonderful , the staff was very helpful and the location of the hotel was very good. I strongly recommend this hotel for everybody who wants a great holiday!!!	
Nov 14 2009 	A wonderful experience	This hotel is just wonderful. From the time you arrive through check out you are made to feel so special. The rooms are all different and unique. We were in the Harlequin Suite which had a fun black and white theme. The staff were so friendly and professional and could not do enough for you. We were there 4 nights and the staff would greet you by name. The breakfast room was charming and the service and food great. We usually had a waitress Lou whou would remember your name and what you liked to eat.The neighborhood and location are great. Easy walk to the tube and many great neighborhood restaurants.I can't say enough good things about The Milestone.	
Nov 14 2009 	A beautiful boutique hotel	My husband and I recently stayed for 2 nights at the Milestone Hotel in kensington, London to celebrate our wedding anniversary.It is a beautiful boutique hotel and we will certainly consider returning and would recommend to friends.The front of house service was excellent as was our dining experience.Our room was a little compact but it was decorated beautifully as was the rest of the hotel.Our only little niggle was the breakfast service on the 2nd day which was very disappointing. With only 2 tables in the restaurant I was very surprised to have waited 40 mins for a cooked breakfast and when it arrived to find a rock hard poached egg. We were also overcharged for 2 glasses of champagne at dinner which were meant to be complimentary for the month of November. As soon as we mentioned it on departure everyone seemed genuinely very apologetic.I suspect that we were just unfortunate on this occasion and would certainly like to return to this charming hotel	
Nov 9 2009 	Royal excellence	We felt like royalty, upgraded to a juniorsuite, champagne and midnight feast for our anniversary. Hard working staff . How would we ever exceed this anniversary.	
Nov 6 2009 	My new favorite in London	Hard to beat. Wonderful location in Kensington near Notting Hill. Outstanding service, impeccable charming rooms, great breakfast room.	
Oct 29 2009 	Charm Atmosphere Impeccable service you wont be disappointed.	My wife and i spent our 20th Anniversary in London and stayed at the Milestone. we chose it because of the fine reviews on trip advisor. I must say that however glowing the reviews were they could never do the hotel, staff and atmosphere justice. We only had one night to stay but &quot;wow&quot; how they made it special. First there was an upgrade to a beautiful suite overlooking the park. Complimentry champagne (a bottlle not a glass). Fantastic room service. Try the afternon tea it`s a must. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff and everyone of them genuinely seemed happy to there. I would like to thank all of the staff for there kindness and congratulate the management in assembling a great team, they are an absolute credit to them and the company.	
Oct 26 2009 	Fantastic hotel amazing service!	My wife and I had one night at the Milestone Hotel away from our four kids. Before we went I rang the hotel and told them this would be our only time for each other away from the kids all year and the trip also marked our anniversary. From the moment we arrived the staff were so attentive and nice to us, and we recieved a free upgrade to an amazing room! They kept on bringing treats and were totally dedicated to giving us a good time. It was a really special break that really revived us and I have already strongly recommended the hotel to all our friends!	
Oct 23 2009 	Fabulous hotel	My husband, son and I stayed at the hotel for 6 nights in August. The staff could not possibly have gone to more trouble to make our stay comfortable and enjoyable. Our room was beautiful. The location is fabulous being about a 5 minute walk from the tube with lots of restaurants within a two minute walk. We dined at a different one each night and did not have a bad experience. We dined one night in the hotel's small restaurant. It is quite romantic and food is very very good. This is a small intimate hotel. Both my husband and I received separate handwritten welcome notes from the manager. We will definitely be staying here again.	
Oct 22 2009 	Nice Hotel	Nice accommodations and a friendly staff. Rooms clean. I would go back!	
Oct 12 2009 	One of the BEST HOTELS EVER!!!	We would HIGHLY recommend The MILESTONE to anyone visiting London. Over the years we have stayed at some of the highest rated hotels and I would say this 1 outdid anyone's hospitality. Not only the incredible hospitality included, this hotel is filled with exquisite personality. 2 nights at this superb hotel was not long enough! Loved every minute and hope to be back to London in the near future! What a terrific city! Thank you!	
Oct 3 2009 	Absolutely superb service and really nice accommodations	My husband and I had the absolute pleasure of staying at the Milestone Hotel in September on our way to a cruise. I can not find enough words to say how wonderful everything was. The staff were extremely accommodating. We had a suite which was decorated to perfection. We ate at the hotel almost all the time we were there and the food was terrific. The butler service is a plus. They really care. They make the effort to know your name and ask if you are having a pleasant stay and they wrote a nice letter which we received when we returned from our cruise. As others have said, it is conveniently located and we were able to walk to our favorite stores. This is about our fifth time in London and really we would never stay at another hotel. This hotel is not &quot;stuffy&quot; and it is not mandatory to wear a jacket in the diningroom.	
Oct 3 2009 	fantastic!!!	what can you say about The Milestone?Fantastic location, amazing staff and a great looking building.The whole weekend we stayed at this hotel for my birthday was a weekend. The staff were great to us and the overall service is better than any other hotel i have stayed at in London.I would recommend the afternoon tea, but get it for one and share as it is huge.I would fully recommend this hotel to everyone. enjoy	
Oct 3 2009 	Excellent	We stated two nights and were totally pampered, We fed well and the menu was everything we had asked for, and more. Nothing was too much for the staff and they provided the little touches that made the stay something special. We got married there and everything was perfect down to the smallest detail.The staff provided a service that was something to remember [ they are not paying me to say all this] .I would recommend a stay here if you want to that special hotel above the ordinary and we left feeling we must stay there again. Many thanks to the Milestone team for a wonderful stay.	
Sep 30 2009 	Highest Level of Service	My sister found the Milestone on tripadvisor and the reviews were correct. We had a lovely stay beginnning with our arrival. Not only were we greeted by everyone in the lobby but the manager came out to welcome us and shake our hands. Pedro gave us a tour of the property along with both of our rooms. Each room was unique and of the highest quality. Service at the front desk, bar, restaurant and concierge was spectacular. We were treated to breakfast each morning due to a website glich, were given welcome drinks upon our arrival. Each and every time we left or entered the hotel we were greeted by name and each person in the lobby helped us get a taxi, make reservations or just plain reccomended options. The turn down service was lovely and it felt nice to come home at night feeling welcomed and appreciated.We would stay here again and tell everyone who is looking for a place to stay in London to stay here. No request was too small, and each reccomendation was spectacular.	
Sep 19 2009 	Highest quality service handsome property excellent food	Attentive, gracious, and professional service in both the hotel and the excellent restaurant. Lovely public rooms, we had a view of Kensington Gardens. It's a great location, peaceful and yet convenient. A very fine hotel. Our only critique: our junior studio room was very crowded with more furniture than necessary, making it crowded and less than fully functional when you are travelling with luggage and need to unpack. Can't tell if that was an anomaly but notice another reviewer said the same.	
Sep 16 2009 	the Finest service	We recently spent four days at the Milestone and having traveled all over the world for 40 years, staying at leading hotels of the world, this one tops them all. The physical plant is beautiful, but it is about the service and amenities. After we made our reservation, we received a questionaire about our likes and needs during our stay and if we needed airport transportation, restaurants and theater tickets. AFter filling in the survey, we received a call from the concierge who arranged everything, getting us impossible restaurant reservations, great theatre tickets and a lovely pick up in the hotel's bentley fromthe airport. Our every need was attended to, and our room had the types of pillows we love, blanket, our favorite colors and snacks...all of the things asked on the survey were fulfilled and more. I will only stay at red carnation group hotels when possible in future travel and can't wait to get back to the milestone in london	
Sep 7 2009 	couldn't be bettered	We arrived en masse at The Milestone for my grown-up Hen Weekend. It wasn't my first time there, so the luxurious, individualistic rooms were more familiar than awe-inspiring, this time around. The thing that sets The Milestone apart is the service. Staff joined in the atmosphere, bore our excitability with admirable patience and created special cocktails. I even learned the origin of the Milk In First snobbery, thanks to a personable member of the waiting staff. This is my perfect hotel; they have got it just right.	
Sep 6 2009 	Truly remarkable in every way	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for two nights prior to embarking our cruise ship. Despite a rough arrival into Heathrow (Virgin lost one of our bags and our transfer reservation) all was forgotten the minute we stepped inside The Milestone. We were greeted with warmth from everyone. Even Andrew the hotel manager gave us a personal welcome. Our room was inviting and very large compared to European standards. Breakfast was included in our rate. We ordered room service both mornings and the order was perfect. Loved the bar area. Fabulous for a pre dinner cocktail or after dinner nightcap. The concierge staff went out of their way to secure our lost luggage and confirm our return transfer with Virgin.I can see why this hotel is rated #1 in all of London. Very well deserved.	
Sep 3 2009 	The Aloha Spirit is Alive and Well in London - the Milestone!!	The aloha spirit is alive and well in London … at the Milestone. Being born and raised in Hawaii, I have been around a hospitality industry that is internationally known for its care and grace with visitors my entire life. As a Vice Chairman of a bank and a financing consultant, I have raised hundreds of millions of dollars for various hotel projects and am intimately aware of how VITAL customer service is in this sector. I have witnessed how the Milestone has gone beyond simple “satisfaction” to superlative service in virtually every category. Our room was a wonderful suite, full of warm sunshine in the day and toasty ambiance at night. Always impeccably clean with freshly cut flowers, every request was IMMEDIATELY attended to and every expectation, exceeded. Our package came with a morning breakfast that was wonderful and shouldn’t be missed.With dear friends in London, we have dined and been to virtually every other significant hotel and London and are convinced that every future stay here will be with our friends and “ohana” (Hawaiian for family) at the Milestone. This is our highest commendation and recommendation for staying at the Milestone.	
Aug 29 2009 	The Milestone oh how we loved you!	My husband surprised me on our wedding anniversary with a trip to London, he jokingly said he was only able to find us a room in a B&amp;B, this was fine until the taxi pulled up outside The Milestone and then I thought I had died and gone to heaven! From the moment we stepped out of our taxi until the moment we stepped in again upon our departure we were treated with such warmth, attention to detail and kindness, the likes of which it is hard to described. The room we stayed in was wonderful and very comfortable with views over the park, so lovely to be able to sit and people watch and take in the parks historical beauty. Our butler was so friendly and amazed me each time he remembered our names. Nothing was too much trouble, the breakfast was lovely and very elegant. The small touches, such as your bed being turned down and slippers left by the side of your bed were just delightful. I only wish we could have stayed another night or two or three.....can not wait until we find another excuse to return, I am already plotting!!!!	
Aug 23 2009 	I have stayed in 5 star hotels all over the world and this one is something very very special.	The Milestone accomplishes what many try and few achieve. It is gracious but not stuffy or pretentious. Everything exudes an attention to detail and quality that is rarely seen, and I mean EVERYTHING. Our room had upholstered walls in a grey wool fabric that was breathtaking. As if that wasn't enough, the draperies were of the same fabric and the luxuriousness with which they dressed the enormous windows overlooking Kensington High Street and Gardens was extraordinary. Everything...bed linens and towels, carpets, table linens, china, cutlery...were of the highest quality and presented magnificently. The room wasn't big but it didn't need to be. The combination of the ceiling height and step down sitting area made the room just right. This hotel is a jewel. For anyone experienced with London's 5 star hotel offerings, this is one to treat yourself to.	
Aug 22 2009 	Lovely boutique hotel in excellent location	Found the Milestone Hotel when I booked through American Express Platinum. The price was quite fair for London. The rooms that my family received were furnished with eclectic pieces, and the room designs were different from each other. The rooms were spotless with maid service twice a day. We had a delicious breakfast included in the price which could either be delivered via room service or in the dining areas. This hotel is extremely service orientated with very friendly staff!! The hotel is a 5 minute walk from the High Street Kensington Station and has a view of the Park. I can highly recommend this property to both leisure and business travelers.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great hotel but niggly problems	First of all this is a stunning hotel in a great location for Kensington, Knightsbridge and Notting Hill for retail therapy and relaxing. Very attentive staff who are really friendly. The rooms are a little small - or should I say, there was a lot of furniture crammed in to our room.However, lack of a functioning TV (it had to be repaired twice in a four day stay), an unstable wireless set-up was a small price to pay for an unbelievable trip to London.	
Aug 18 2009 	wonderful small hotel in perfect location	Our first time in London...this hotel was recommended by travel agent. Lovely hotel! We stayed a week in an apartment...my recommendation if you have a family. We loved having the extra room and my kids(18 &amp; 11) had their own rooms. 2 bathrooms also which is a HUGE plus! Perfect location without car. Bus stop was right across the street and tube station is a short walk down the street. Staff is top notch!! Ask and you shall receive...and I'm not kidding about that!! If you are an avid runner or walker, you will love Kensington Park right across the street. We had a fantastic time in London!	
Aug 17 2009 	Wonderful service perfect stay with our four legged friend!	Cant fault the service we recieved at this hotel,great location,attention to detail,best hotel we have stayed at with or without our Maggie dog.Perfect in every way.	
Aug 16 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic - It's all in the attention to detail.	My wife and I arranged a one night stay at the Milestone Hotel for our Anniversary. We arrived late afternoon to what was an emaculate Hotel with the highest level of service I have ever encountered. The friendly staff were only a phone call away - nothing was too much trouble and we were made to feel like absolute royalty. We ate in their restaurant that evening before going out to the theatre. It was quiet, relaxing and the waiter service was extremely professional, polite and very friendly.The breakfast was beautifully presented and equally tasty - loved the sausages! The room itself was emmaculate, very spacious and the maid service's attention to every detail reaffirmed the feeling of royalty.I have never stayed anywhere like the Milestone before I doubt highly that I will meet another Hotel with this much warmth and professionalism.Mr Pike seems to know exactly what makes a Hotel like this one the best in London, and he, like all his staff seem to take such great pride in their work and are genuinely committed it seems to ensuring that this remains the very best.Mr and Mrs P BeynonCHRISTCHURCH, DORSET, UK	
Aug 13 2009 	Dynamite experience highly recommend!	We stayed at the Milestone Hotel during a resent trip to Europe. It was an unparallel hotel experience! The Milestone is in a prime location overlooking the park. They thought of everything down to fresh fruit delived to our room daily. We had afternoon tea on our private balcany. If you want to live like a prince this is the place to do it!	
Aug 11 2009 	The best in the world	I could write a book about how much I enjoyed my stay at The Milestone. But instead, I'll just say this: I travel a lot for work, all over the world, and The Milestone is simply the best I have experienced in the world. The service, the rooms, the location -- unbeatable. Well worth it!	
Aug 9 2009 	The finest service I have ever experienced	We stayed at the MIlestone for 6 days following a Mediterranean cruise. From the moment our car dropped us at the hotel, until the morning we left, we could not find fault with anything about this great hotel.Pedro and Abdi. whose vocation in life seems to be to ensure that guests at their hotel are relieved of stress completely, were attentive in the most professional way imaginable, friendly but not too much, informative but to just the right degree. These guys have been doing this a long time!The front desk was responsive. courteous, and on the ball. They knew exactly the status of our room, and offered us an upgrade to a suite that was as elegant as could be( admittedly, they asked us if we would be willing to pay a little extrs for this -- it was worth every penny).I cannot speak highly enough of the concierges JIm, Gavin, Neil, and Jose. I peppered them with requests prior to our vacation, and their responsiveness was immediate. During our stay, nothing was too much trouble, and of course their resourcefulness is extraordinary. On our last night, at 7.10pm, I found a security tag had been left in a gift we had bought earlier that day. They arranged for one of the staff to take the gift to a local store to get it removed -- in fact, they had to try 3 stores before finding one with the right equipment!Paul and his staff in the restaurant treated us like old friends whose comfort and enjoyment was of paramount importance. Whatever we wanted for breakfast was provided, and perfectly cooked. The breakfast buffet was plentiful, varied, and constantly replenished. Two small quibbles:There was the smell of cigarettes on our non-smoking floor, and the shower head was of the handheld variety. I mentioned both in my comments card, and received a personal letter from the General Manager apologising, and explaining that a guest broke the rules, and the air conditioning ( which was excellent, by the way ) had transmitted the smell, and that the shower was a rainfall type that fell from the ceiling, and he regretted that no one had explained it to us.My wife and I have stayed in many fine hotels all over the world, as well as in London. This was the best service, and the best hotel experience, we have ever had.	
Aug 8 2009 	one of the top five hotels in london	i'll cut it short...great ambience hotel,the perfect example of an old style english accomodation in a fantastic city like london!	
Aug 7 2009 	Way overrated and an obsequious and annoying attempt at good service	We spent two nights at the Milestone, at the end of a European trip. We were drawn to the hotel by its location and the sterling reviews we read on Trip Advisor, to say nothing of the Conde Naste Traveller awards, etc that the hotel has received. The location is indeed perfect, across the road from Hyde Park and Kensington Palace. The building itself is charming, a beautiful old brick house converted to a hotel. The hotel prides itself (and promotes itself) as service oriented, but therein lies the rub. It is one thing to have good service, it is quite another to have service that is obsequious and annoying, to the point of being nearly childish. Somehow, the hotel management got it into their heads that presenting a cartoon version of Merry Old England, would appeal to sophisticated travelers. It doesn't work. The room, which was an upgrade, was ridiculously small. There was a persistent unpleasant smell. The bathroom sink didn't drain properly. The TV didn't work. If you want to have breakfast and get moving in the morning, forget breakfast at the Milestone, where they have trouble seating you, and take forever to bring you your eggs and tea. The buffet was paltry, particularly at the ludicrous price of about $50 at the current exchange rate.	
Aug 2 2009 	Wonderful location for kids	We spent a few nights at The Milestone and loved every minute of it. The location is great -- right across the street from Kensington Gardens, which is so nice if you have kids who need some air. It's close to the Princess Diana playground, Whole Foods, Le Pain Quotidien, and the Tube. The staff were so kind and extremely helpful. We immediately felt welcome. Will definitely come back.	
Aug 2 2009 	Great hotel	I really enjoyed my 4 night stay here. I stayed in a beautiful little room with whose décor recalled a different era. The hotel has real character and staying here was a luxurious experience. The friendly staff were knowledgeable and extremely helpful, the service offered was among the best I’ve ever received. The restaurant food was generally excellent, and the breakfast was good. Free wifi is always a bonus. The hotel is a bit away from most of London’s best nightlife (except the Royal Albert Hall which is a 5 minute stroll) but transport is fairly easy with tube and buses nearby, and of course taxis are plentiful. Overall this place is first rate.	
Jul 29 2009 	Wonderful Experience	Stayed at the Milestone with my adult daughter for 4 nights while on a trip through Europe. (July 14th - 17th). We loved this hotel. We had their breakfast buffet included in the cost of our room and I have to say, what a great way to start the day. The food and service was really a bonus. (They did charge us for the breakfast but when we brought it to their attention that it was included with our room fee they took it off immediately) Their staff was very accomodating and friendly with hailing taxis, directions with the tube, etc. One of the most comfy beds I have slept in for a hotel in a long time with complimentary slippers and 2 types of robes. The turn down service at night with a candy on our pillows and a lighted candle in the bathroom was a nice touch. Convenient location with a tube stop nearby. We traveled through 4 other countries on our trip at 4 and 5 star hotels and this was my favorite.	
Jul 22 2009 	Beautiful hotel wonderful location attentive service - we will return	It was our first visit to London, our travel agent recommended the Milestone. We loved the hotel,! The location is close to Kensington Palace and we walked just a few blocks to the Underground for transportation to all of the tourist spots in London, Our rooms included a full English breakfast, and the food was wonderful. We were especially pleased with the attentive staff. The rooms were clean and well appointed (not large). The spa and pool area is well maintained and our 11 year old twins enjoyed a swim at night prior to bed. Several wonderful cafes and stores close by. We stayed 5 days and each day was a pleasure. After we left we discovered a missing I-touch and the staff was very helpful in returning to us. We don't usually post reviews, but want to share this gem with everyone else.	
Jul 21 2009 	Marvelous Milestone	This first stay at the milestone and won’t be our last.On my wife’s suggestion we decided to try the milestone. Usually we stay at Claridges or The Westbury.We booked through American Express travel and benefited from a half board deal. The front of house staff at reception were very attentive upgrading us on arrival and advised us that our room was ready immediately.On arrival we were looked after by Pedro (thank you) who made us feel very welcome. He showed us the facilities explaining where everything was located. A complementary glass of champagne then followed. This was very nice!The room was very well presented and spotless, bathroom was a little small but immaculate. The room benefited from fee wireless internet access which was great.The breakfast and evening meal were simply superb. Very well presented and the choice and quality of food and wine was excellent.Located in Kensington the hotel is very well placed for both the business and leisure traveler. A tube station was five minutes walk from the hotel The hotel is excellent value for money and I would highly recommend this hotel for your stay in London	
Jul 20 2009 	Just Fab in London	We spent 3 nights at the Milestone during Wimbledon and had a hard time leaving.From the minute we entered , saw the Minstinguette suite and read that we were stayingin a former Insane Asylum, we were in love with the hotel. More than a hotel, it felt that we were staying in somebodys carefully cultivated townhouse. Service in the restaurant as well as room service was impeccable and very personal. Everybody knew our names.We used the hotels LandRover from travel to Wimbledon as well as to the airport, the whole experience was executed to the finest detail.	
Jul 19 2009 	Outstanding outstanding outstanding	Perfect in every way. One night they even kept the restaurant open just for us. Great accomodations, extra touches, fabulous service - superb in every way. Won't hesitate for a second about coming back!!	
Jul 18 2009 	WONDEFUL VICTORIAN HOTEL WITH SUPERB SERVICE	I was visiting London for a few days at the end of May/June before meeting friends on a little cruise out of Southampton. Picked the Milestone Hotel after hearing the Carnation Group which is based mostely in the UK was a hotel chain that gave the guest that little extra ++++. I was not disappointed! The Milestone was rather like stepping into a Dicken's novel with modern amenities and a great location. The architecture is lovely with great artistic attention to detail. Especially fun is the atrium room just of the bar where the bartender in his white tux could probably mix any cocktail you desire and then double for the movie Casablanca. My flight from California came in a about 8AM and after a taxi ride into London I was delighted to not only find my room ready but decorated in my favorite color....lilac. The reception was quick and efficient especially important after such a long flight and they assigned to my assistance Pedro who truly knows the meaning of hotel service plus the art of manners. Great location across from Kennsingtom Palace and a very short walk to the tube. Nice safe area for a single traveler also. The hotel has several interesting aspects and a wonderful unique menu. Have fun in London one of my favorite cities and enjoy the Milestone Hotel !!	
Jul 14 2009 	Nothing but the best at this hotel	Wouldnt think about stopping anywhere else again, staff, rooms, food, fitness centre were nothing but brilliant, we are on a few months trip visiting Europe, and this has been a treat	
Jul 13 2009 	The Milestone Was Excellent	We just had a great stay at the Milestone Hotel in London. Although we arrived in the middle of the night, we were greeted warmly and called by name before we could introduce ourselves. We were checked in quickly and provided with our favorite cocktail before we were given a brief tour of the hotel. We were escorted to our room and given every comfort of home. The next morning most of the staff greeted us by name. The hospitality was truly remarkable. We had an excellent dinner in the hotel resturant, try it for yourself.We would stay there again and would recommend The Milestone to anyone.	
Jul 9 2009 	Incredible Hotel with all the little touches.	I stayed at the Milestone Hotel with my two daughters (23 and 17). The hotel is exceptional. All of the staff went out of their way to please us. Our room was beautiful and very comfortable. We were suprised each night with a different edible treat on our pillows. On top of that the hotel supplied a complementary bottle of water on each night stand. In our bathroom our housekeeper lit a candle by our bathtub...it would have been very romantic had my husband been with me. The bathrooms have a special light that stays on at night so that you can find the bathroom but it is not intrusive in the room while you are trying to sleep.. I was in the hotel business for many years and have been privy to some very special experiences but the Milestone tops the list . We also loved the views of Kensington Park out of our window. Breakfast was wonderful and the staff very accommodating. The hotel is close to the tube. The Milestone hotel understand the word HOSPITALITY and puts it into play!	
Jul 7 2009 	superb quality 5star hotel	My friend and I along with both our mom's sent the weekend at this hotel for a theatre break. Our original hotel The Rubens had overbooked us and transferred us at their expense to their sister hotel The Milestone, where credit to The rubens champagne awaited our arrival. The Milestone is in my opinion a superior hotel with excellent staff who can't do enough for you. The cleanliness and surrounds are also 5star quality and the staff enabled us to have a very enjoyable weekend. I would definately stay there again.	
Jul 7 2009 	Quintessential British Luxury	My husband and I just returned from an all too brief stay at The Milestone Hotel. Our stay could not have been better. We basked in the public room with tea and scones, and enjoyed Terry, the Butler, and his fascinating stories. The staff is most friendly and solicitous-- eager to fulfill your every request with great charm and alacrity. The decor is lovely, and the bedroom and lounges are most comfortable. Very atmospheric. The bath was wonderful, and my husband is still talking about the shower. All sorts of small amenities are provided in one's room. The breakfast at the hotel was delightful. The location is just across the street from Kensington Palace, and the gardens, very close to a Tube stop and to many excellent restaurants. We enjoyed the hotel so much that we plan to return with our children at Christmas to stay in one of the Milestone apartments. I understand they go all out, including a Christmas tree, stockings, and a visit from Santa. I think it might be delightful to just sit around at the Milestone sipping tea or sherry by the fire...it's a lovely place to relax, and perhaps a destination in itself.	
Jun 30 2009 	The Milestone Hotel staff was wonderful.	The location of this hotel was great - right across the street from Kensington Park. We stayed in a two bedroom apartment...would not recommend the &quot;basement&quot; apartments, but one of those on the upper floors. The staff was exceptional. We would be happy to stay at the Milestone again!	
Jun 30 2009 	Live up to its reputation	Stayed for two nights in late June. The infrastructure and rooms are comfortable though not spectacular given the room rates. It is the good service in the hotel that goes beyond what we usually get in other 5 star hotels that makes the vital difference. I would choose to stay in the hotel again.	
Jun 26 2009 	Truly Amazing	I have stayed at many hotels in London and abroad for business and I can honestlly say this experience was absolutley outstanding. The staff are not just staff they are lovely people and as helpful as you will find anywhere.I had a 1 night stay (far too short) and would love to have stayed longer, and had my husband with me to enjoy the experience.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who loves excellent food and a very different hotel stay. I cant wait to go back.	
Jun 25 2009 	New Benchmark in Customer Service	My last experience in London westayed in a suite at the Ritz and was thouroughly underwhelmed by the whole customer service experience let alone the cockroach in the bed! Now the Milestone, they know customer service!Our arrival began with a guided tour by Neil with his friendly excellent front of house skills immediately made you feel like one of the family. The guided tour of the Safari Suite was also excellent and I can thoroughly recommend this room for the fantastic way it is decorated and the view of Kensington Palace and Hyde Park.During our dinner at the charming Chenestons we were greeted by Andrew Pike, the General Manager who did more than merely introduce himself but really engaged us and once again we felt like one of the family, he even new this was the end of a special 40th Birthday trip for my partner...of course the 3 seperate birthday cards from various levels of the hotels management certainly got that message across on our arrival!Truely this must be one of the best hotels in London and although I would rather keep it all to myself I feel the team must be recognisde for all the hard work they do...every member of staff was truly delightful.It will be a pleasure to see them all again.	
Jun 23 2009 	An oasis of calm in a stressful world	We chose the Milestone essentially for the proximity to the Royal Albert Hall but after spending 3 nights there we will never stay anywhere else when visiting London. We have stayed in a few five star hotels, the Milestone surpasses all of them. It's not in the least 'stuffy' because the staff, who are very attentive, seem to know when to be attentive which is an art most hotels don't get quite right. We wanted for nothing, nothing was too much trouble and we felt completly relaxed and regenerated after our stay. The facitilies are good with a superb gym, there's a resistence pool which, although small, is perfectly formed. Our room was large for London standards, very comforatble with orginal art work on the walls. We ate in the restaurant one night and the food was delicious and the service impeccable. There's not much more we can say that has not already been said, we will not be stay anywhere else when next in London.	
Jun 17 2009 	Treated Like Royalty	My wife and 2 kids (8 and 4) just spent 7 nights at the Milestone in London. We booked our vacation based on the high ratings the hotel has received, esspecially in Conde Naste. We were not at all dissapointed. Every second of our stay was wonderfull and we will remember this visit for years to come. The hotel is located in Kensington across the street from Kensington Palace, the former home of Princess Diana and in a very high end neighborhood, comparable to Beverly Hills. The hotel is a boutique hotel and has a lot of staff. Most staff members know your name and greet you as you see them throughout the hotel. We arrived early around 10am, the hotel sent a Mercedes to pick us up at Heathrow and allowed us to check in early. We stayed in Apt. # 5. As soon as we walked in our apt. the kids seemed to forget about the jet lag as they were so excited to see the wonderful accomodations. Everything was perfect the fridge was full of items my wife had requested, milk, bread, butter etc... We were also given a huge welcome basket which was on the dining table. This kind gesture wast ruly amazing and thoughtful and it was a perfect way to begin our vacation. Neil, the concierge assisted us greatly, made all the dinner and play reservations for us and also arranged a private guided day trip to Paris. Thank you very much Neil for helping us during our stay. I could go on and on as to how nice this place. is All hotels should follow the Milestone standard. We have stayed in several 5 star hotels all over the world, the Milestone is truly the most elegant, cozy and charming. We are already planning to visit London again next year, and yes we will stay at the Milestone.	
Jun 17 2009 	Our favourite London Hotel	Needed a hotel within walking distance of the Royal Albert Hall. I have come to rely on Tripadvisor for guidance and we were not let down. Blissfully comforable, the room upgrade being an unexpected bonus, and being able to step across the road into Kensington Gardens was sheer delight. Can't wait to come again.	
Jun 15 2009 	Old British Excellence in Central London	We enjoyed a fantastic stay at this wonderful hotel. The staff were attentive and provided us with a guided tour of the hotel. The room was wonderful and such a change from the normal having so much character. The food was excellent and the afternoon teas are worth a visit just for the setting and food. The location is very central and all of London is easily accessable. We will be back to enjoy the hotel again - we recommend this hotel to all and we will be back!	
Jun 5 2009 	Highly recommendable	Me and my wife stayed at the hotel for three nights and were extremely pleased. The room was perfect and even better than you could expect. The staff were very attentive and made us feel like home. I will probably not stay in another hotel in London. There were so many small details that made a difference.	
Jun 3 2009 	Beautiful hotel in the best location in London	I've stayed at the Milestone several times and never been disappointed. The service is, like all the Red Carnation Hotels, fantastic and there's something about the ambience that gives the place a feel of a luxury country residence. The location, opposite Kensington Gardens is wonderful and all things considered I'd say this is my favourite part of London. All of the rooms are beautifully and it seems individually designed and furnished. The food is fantastic with a high class restaurant and a discreet bar which I reguarly use for entertaining clients or friends when in London. If you want a laid back and high class hotel experience in London this is the hotel for you. It's got real class.	
May 26 2009 	an amazing refuge that totally restored us all	Every minute spent here was worth every penny, arriving dishevelled exhausted, soaking wet with a baby and all her paraphenalia in tow, the staff swept us up with such warm and genuine care that we soon fell in love with the hotel. A hotel is more than fixtures and fittings and though gorgeous in every way to look at, and very comfortable to sleep in, it was the staff that makes this place so special, from manager to cleaners all staff on every level were outstanding. I've been to some posh hotels with my baby and been made to feel like a leper, not so here, where i was made to feel as though she were a vip.	
May 26 2009 	I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough"	My husband and I visit London every 'term' to visit our son at University and it is important to us to stay somewhere well recommended and where the service and standard is very good. We have found this with the Red Carnation Group of Hotels-small and intimate where it is the staff's priority to make your stay with them as pleasurable as possible. No one request is too much and all the staff are so friendly and polite. The standard of the room at The Milestone was wonderful and we stayed in a beautiful Venetian themed room. We were welcomed with a glass of champagne and the bar area was delightful to use later. The canapes served -delicious in the bar and also those brought to our room. Having stayed at the Ritz- The Milestone and Hotel 41 deserve their Trip Advisor excellent ratings so much more. (The Ritz gets their ratings from their presigious name rather than service etc.) You won't be at all disappointed with this hotel- it will just confirm what an excellent hotel it is and you will re-visit it time and again. Breakfast was delicious and all freshly made- nothing sat under warmers for ages. Again- excellent service. The hotel restaurant was very well recommended which unfortunately we couldn't sample this time but will definately do so again at another visit. Lee the hotel manager was so professional and welcoming. Hats off to this hotel at every level.	
May 19 2009 	Lovely friendly awesome service	Had a power trip to london--20 hours in london and 2 transatlantic flights sandwiching it and stayed at the milestone in my few hours there. Staff was so friendly--brought me a latte as soon as I arrived. Hotel was lovely--wish I'd had more time to enjoy the gym, the spa, the restaurant, the tea room. My room was tiny but that's london. Everything was impeccable and cozy. They left me fruits and even had an American electric outlet for my laptop. They really do think of all the little things. The location of the hotel is awesome--right across from Hyde Park and close to all the shopping. Hotel is a bit expensive but that's why it's a business hotel. It is worth a splurge for a personal stay. I wish I'd had them print out my boarding pass for Gatwick like they'd offered to--I ended up waiting in line for an hour myself once I got to the airport.	
May 13 2009 	A truly lovely experience enjoyed by three generations.	A lovely hotel, a warm welcome by friendly and very helpful staff, super rooms and great service. We look forward to going back.	
May 7 2009 	The Best Hotel I've Stayed In for a Long While	After staying at The Milestone, everywhere else seems to pall into insignifigance. The staff are absolute perfection - nothing is left to chance. The rooms are very well appointed and the beds almost too comfortable. The bar and restaurant are delightful. I cannot recommend this hotel enough - it's the gold standard by which I'll judge hotels for a very long time to come.	
May 6 2009 	Wendys 60th Birhday celebration.	We love the Milestone ! Having stayed at the hotel several times over the past few years our last stay was the best ever, from the greeting by the uniformed doorman, the car is whisked away and the expeirience begins. Welcome back to the Milestone is the greeting from all of the staff.Quickly we are in our room and offerd a welcome drink , the room is spotless and recently refurbished and has a view of Kensington Palace.We took a short walk in to Kensington and explore the shops , so many to choose from.Dinner in Chenestons restaurant, wonderfull roast lamb fresh from the trolley cooked to perfection and followed by the Milestone quartet sweet. Good food served by people who care about service.Having slept well in the king size bed we went for breakfast, the traditional english ws perfect, poached eggs spot on good bacon and sausage follwed by a choice of fruit and pastries .Off to the Tower of London, you can hop on thr open top bus tour just up the road see the sights and get to the tower, hop back on the bus more sites and back to the hotel.The kitchen prepared a suprise birhday cake for my wife and put in the room, it was superb and such a suprise.The rest of our stay was just as good when they say just ask they mean it!Wiil we return ? You bet !David &amp; Wendy	
May 1 2009 	A Class For Service	We have just come from a stay at the Milestone and I have to agree with the reviewers on the service. Everyone is so nice and helpful. They make everyone feel like an old repeat customer. The rooms were beutiful and homey, but could run a bit on the crowded side. You should just be sure you know the room you are booking because they can be quite different. The health club is small but it is sufficient with a small pool quipped with jets to swim into.The breakfast was small but tasty. There were not that many extras in this hotel but it was so welcoming any drawbacks were made up for.	
Apr 20 2009 	Out of this world luxury and service!!!!!!!!!!!!	My husband and I have just stayed at The Milestone in Kensington and cannot say enough how much we enjoyed our stay. Upon arrival we were advised we had been upgraded to a suite which was pure luxury. We were given a personal tour of the hotel to show us all the facilities (including a pool and gym) and then taken to our room where we were welcomed with a glass of champagne. Our room was huge and overlooked Kensington Gardens and although the hotel is in the hub of everything it was so peaceful and relaxing. The room had everything you could want - wide screen wall mounted tv, cd and dvd player along with access to a library of cd's and dvds, huge 4 poster bed and luxurious bathroom. Once unpacked, we enjoyed a delicious champagne afternoon tea. I have experienced many London hotel afternoon teas and can say this one is the best value for money. We dined in the restaurant that evening and lost count of the number of wines available to enjoy dinner with! Every member of staff knew our name and made us feel very welcome. The bar is very intimate and the lounge comfortable with a good selection of cocktails.When we returned to our room the maid had turned down our bed, lit candles and left sweets on the pillows with soft music in the background. We even had the weather forecast for the next day!Every member of staff is friendly and you feel like nothing is too much trouble. Normally, I would be able to pick out one member of staff who stood out for customer service but have to say that on this occasion every member of staff was exceptional.The location is superb with Kensington Palace and its gardens across from the hotel and all of London's high quality shops within walking distance.I will definitely be returning to The Milestone and would recommend it to anyone looking for luxury and excellent customer service!	
Mar 30 2009 	A Dream Hotel	The hotel where everything is important, a comfortable hotel yes, a luxurious hotel also, but what stood out for us was the care and attention of the staff, throughout this charming establishment the staff smile, they enjoy their work, they love their jobs,it shows when they speak to you, no forced smiles here.Yes it is on London terms a bit expensive,but British pound to the US Dollar, it is money well worth spent.We had planned an evening at the Albert Hall to see Carmen and to meet the stars beforehand and from the moment we walked into the Hotel nothing was too much trouble, Doormen, Waiters, Concierge, and the pleasant chap who took us around the Hotel showing us the Restaurant and the history of this charming establishment from early London times.We had nothing to complain about, how often can you say that about an Hotel, some may scoff and say,you paid £400 for one glorious evening, a superb nights sleep, a wonderfully fresh cooked breakfast, superb late night sandwiches and a lovely lunch, Well all I can say is, we had a great two days, largely due to the Hotel and the charming and pleasant staff who all made you feel as though you were King and Queen for the short time of your stay, Thank You Milestone, it will be a pleasure to come back someday soon.	
Mar 25 2009 	The penultimate in hotel experiences	My wife and I stayed in the Safari Suite on the layover on our trip home to LA from our African Safari. From the minute when the hotel's Range Rover picked us up at Heathrow, we felt we were royalty. The hotel accepted our extra luggage shipped from the states with our evening clothes so we would not have to carry them all through the bush: they got us tickets to a West End show, arranged lunch at the British Museum Cafe, dinner reservations each night we were there. The hotel restaurant was wonderful! The little extra amenities, including tea every afternoon and the minibar selections were unsurpassed. I have stayed at Four Seasons, Wyndham, Klimpton, Intercontinental, Chateau &amp; Relais, and numerous other boutique and five star hotels, and I must say outside of some of the safari camps I have stayed at, this is my favorite hotel in the world, literally. And as for romance, the Safari Suite is just wonderful.	
Mar 22 2009 	Perfect 40th Birthday Party and Overnight Stay	On the 24th of January this year (2009) I celebrated my 40th birthday at The Milestone Hotel with a private dinner for 34 people in the Windsor Suite. My Husband and I and our respective parents (as well as a few of the guests) also spent the night. We were given the Mistinguet Suite which has to be one of the most memorable rooms I have ever stayed in in a hotel. All in all the experience was fantastic. From the initial booking and planning stage to the night itself, everything ran smoothly and was professionally coordianted by Stefan Otto, the F&amp;B Manager.On the night itself, The Windsor Suite looked wonderful and the staff were fantastic – their attention to detail and their service were unsurpassable. All our guests commented on the delicious food saying that the lamb was the best they had ever had and that the chocolate cake was sublime (it was even better than the one we tried at the menu tasting!!). They were also all so impressed with the butter and salt introductions that Stefan gave (a lovely little touch!). From the champagne reception in the lounge to the last morsel of birthday cake at 1am, everything was more than perfect .Our rooms were just beautiful and the kind gifts of the champagne and the other touches such as the candles and the canapés helped to make the whole experience one that will be remembered for years to come.	
Mar 22 2009 	just perfect.....exactly what we needed	my wife and i were planning on a romantic weeekend getaway in London, we decided to stay in a beauitfully themed hotel, somewhere with individuallity, a certain special character... and i have to say i made the best decision in staying at the Milestone.our room overlooked the park, the theme was the Saville Row, beautiful and cosy, warm...breakfast was delicious and tasty, the fireplace by the lobby was extremely cosy.I have to admit i didnt praise the staff, because they deserve a salute, helpful, kind and always smiling, which added a nice personal touch to our stay.To be honest i think this is the hotel for me in london... my advice.... &quot;stay at the Milestone&quot;	
Mar 16 2009 	Review of The Milestone Hotel	The Milestone Hotel is my London home away from home. I stay there each time I visit London for business. It is such a lovely, traditional hotel. I am treated with such warmth and grace from each and every member of staff and management, who know me by name. The service is impeccable. The Restaurants and Tea settings are intimate with old world service and attention. The rooms are beautifully kept and updated with fresh fabrics and unique interior designs. The facilities are just right. I cannot rave enough about this fine hotel experience. Sandra from Newport, Rhode Island	
Mar 12 2009 	a totally amazing place to be	From the moment we arrived at the door we were made to feel most welcome. Everyone we encountered seemed to be working to make our stay perfect. From the beautiful decor to the little treats and personal touches it was wonderful.The room we had was stunning, large and comfortable. The restaurant was fantastic and the bar and public areas very elegant.The hotel is ideally situated for the Albert Hall, V&amp;A, Natural History, Science Museums.	
Mar 10 2009	Perfection.	On a recent trip to London, I had the opportunity to stay at the Milestone for 3 wonderful evenings. I have never been more wowed by a property's staff, level of service or uniqueness. So, my review doesn't go on and on, I'll list what I felt were the highlights. 1.) From my corner room on the 4th floor (407), I had perfect views of Kensington Palace and surrounding park.2.) When I arrived jetlagged but in a hurry to get to my next appointment, I took all of my things out of my bag and laid them on my bed as I didn't have time to hang them. When I returned even more tired, all of my things were hung in the closet for me. 3.) That evening, I called for a wakeup call and was greeted with &quot;would you like coffee with that&quot;. Are you kidding - coffee WITH my wakeup call - that's a dream come true.4.) The restaurant is absolutely amazing made even better by the charming and genuinely enthusiastic Stefan.5.) Then, there was the day that rain was forcasted and Terry ran 5 blocks to catch us with hotel umbrellas so we wouldn't get wet. I could keep going but if it's charm, ultimate comfort, amazing beds, views and pampering staff you're looking for, this is it. Look no further.	
Feb 24 2009 	Outstanding in every respect	From the moment we arrived at the Milestone Hotel, we were treated like royalty! The service we received from every single member of staff was outstanding. Nothing was too much trouble. The room was immaculate and had everything you could possibly need during your stay. The leisure facilities were also first class.We chose to eat in Chenestons, the hotel restaurant, and the meal was amazing. We were introduced to a new wine which complimented every course perfectly.	
Feb 16 2009 	Pure luxury	From the moment we walked into the hotel we were treated like the only people in the world. Nothing was too much trouble. A very special place to stay.I had a massage on the morning I was due to leave. I needed somewhere to shower and change and my room had already been vacated. The staff found me a second room ( fully prepared for another guest) and allowed me to use it at no extra charge. Real old fasioned service. Thank you.	
Feb 12 2009 	the magical Milestone!	The Milestone makes staying in London a pleasure. The hotel is wonderfully situated opposite Kensington Palace and well placed for Kensington High Street and a short trip from the West End etc.The Milestone Staff are quite exceptional. Stephan in the restaurant is amazing - ask him for recommendations and prepared to be entertained!The bar is very cosy and offers some amazing cocktails and twists on classic drinks. You'll not want for much when it comes to food or drink.The service is exceptional. My daughter left her hair straighteners at home (major challenge when you're a teen) so she asked if the hotel had any. Ten minutes later a brand new set arrived, no fuss, no additional comment that they had to buy them - just happy to help.The Milestone is magic if you are in London make it a first choice if not- find an excuse to stay!	
Feb 3 2009 	Outstanding Stay	We recently enjoyed a wonderful 3 night stay at the Milestone. The hotel is perfectly situated in Kensington, near many attractions. Upon arrival, we were immediately upgraded to a fantastic suite overlooking Kensington Gardens across the street. The staff was terrific from doorman to GM (who surprised us with two last minute tickets to Cirque du Soleil at the nearby Royal Albert Hall). The breakfasts were excellent, as was the one dinner we had at Cheneston's. I would definitely recommend and come back to on my next visit to London.	
Jan 28 2009	Treat yourseld to a stay at this fab hotel	We had the pleasure of staying at The Milestone last Saturday (24-01-09)Without exception every member of staff that we encountered was courteous, polite and keen to ensure that we enjoyed our stay at the hotel.We have already recommended the hotel to friends and would have no hesitation in re-booking the next time we stay in London.	
Jan 26 2009 	Le Cirque Package	Had a great stay at The Milestone. There is a huge choice of luxury hotels and suites in West London, so for one to be voted by Conde Naste Traveller number one for service we thought it worth trying.The service, as expected was great. The staff were fantastic.The best thing by far though was the &quot;package&quot; they put together for Cirque du Soleil at the Albert Hall. Programme in your suite,Pre theatre meal,Bentley transfersPost theatre coffee and cognacs5* hotel 5* package 3* prices. Great value	
Jan 21 2009 	Treated Like Royalty	My husband and I wish to express our thanks to the Management and Staff of the Milestone hotel and of the Cheneston Restaurant for the warm welcome we received from all concerned. The food was delectable and the service impeccable. Every member of staff whom we met was charming and helpful and all congratulated us on reaching our Golden Wedding Anniversary. It delighted us that the hotel where we spent our honeymoon fifty years ago should go to such pains to make our stay so special. For me in particular it was a joyous experience which I will remember always. I am certain my husband feels the same. Thank you all,Very Sincerely,Sylvia A. Carruthers(Mrs D. Carruthers).	
Jan 20 2009	Superb Service and warmest welcome ever!	In October 2008 we lost our jobs because a reorganisation of our company, due the financial crisis. It was a depressing experience and gave us a lot of stress. For this reason we wanted to have a short break in another atmosphere also to celebrate the birthday in November of my partner. Via Small Luxury Hotels of the world on internet we found The Milestone Hotel in London. To be sure about our choose we checked Trip advisor and it was clear that The Milestone was the correct choose for us. After years of working in a world with young and trendy people in the denim-fashion world we were looking to something totally different, nothing trendy but traditional with real values and an eye for quality and good service and respect for the client. And this is what we found at the Milestone Hotel on 1 Kenstington Court in London. As we arrived at the hotel we got a really warm welcome of the doormen he came straight to us to help us out of the taxi and took care of our lugguage. Inside they organised our check in immediatly and we got a tour thought the hotel from a real nice friendly traditional Englishmen with passion and enthousiasme for his job. We also met during the tour in the hotel manager Andrew Pike who was super friendly and gave us a warm welcome as well. Our room was wonderfull decorated with luxury curtains, a fantastic bed big and fresh white sheets and the perfect cushions. Every evening the staff opened the sheets of our bed put the TV guide open on the right page, put a candel in the badroom and left different sweets on our cushions . After walking and shopping all day in London we loved to go back to our hotel and felt hunderd procent home, the atmosphere is so relaxed and so luxury we enjoyed every minute. I took a massage and this was the best ever. We booked on Sunday a high tea at the Milestone, in the area with the fire place. Delicious, the area was decorated with Christmas material, the fire was on, the room was fully booked with nice guests and the sandwiches and cakes were presented fantasic and tasted lovely. The staff gives the best service of the world, in the restaurant, in the lobby, at the fireplace, in the bar. The staff is international, Austria, Hungary and UK and always friendly and service minded with real respect for their customers. For us was this trip to London in the Milestone the best trip of 2008.On the birthday of my partner they brought a wonderful birthday cake of the best chocolate in town. So our tip is if you go for a long weekend in London and you want to feel great and get top service with the best food and drinks go to the Milestone. Thanks Milestone Team for the good feeling you give us during our stay we felt really happy and satisfied as we went home. Mr. &amp; Mrs van den Berg, The Netherlands	
Jan 16 2009 	Outstanding hotel	I stay in London regularly on business and for pleasure. I have used a wide range of hotels, mostly five star, including the Hilton Waldorf, the Grosvenor and Claridges.The Milestone experience surpassed all of those in all respects. The room was excellent, well thought out, and well equipped, right down to small items like scissors. The decor was excellent, and, unlike so many large city hotels, showed no sign of age whatsoever.The restaurant was superb, and a lovely size to maintain intimacy.But like many places the experience depends on the staff, and here they are faultless. Everyone was welcoming, helpful, friendly and knowledgeable. It really was true that you felt like one of the family.I will be returning, and it is unlikely now that I will use any other hotel in London.	
Jan 12 2009 	Fantastic just go go go	Well were do i begin we stayed at the milestone hotel from the doorman to the housekeeping we was treated as if we was royalty we stayed new years eve and woww what a room it overlooked the park all the little fiinishing touches was fantastic from fluffy pillows to new year stockings how great that was the food was fantastic the waiter service excellent and given plenty of time to check out in the morning beautiful breakfast after a very cold walk round london we then went back for afternoon tea near an open fire it was so cosy we then sat down near the fire and had a afternoon tea was oh just to die for every little cake you could possible want with little finger sandwiches and plenty of pots of tea the service was also excellent all the waiters have charm yet at the same time leave you at your pleasure it was fantastic would i tell you to go yes to right because they make you feel comfortable as if you are part of them or just book in for afternoon tea only and you will see how right i am also shops just a few steps away well need i say more	
Jan 12 2009 	The Milestone- Luxury Intimacy and Character	One of my favourite boutique hotels in London. If you fancy a splurge get one of their suite rooms with the four poster beds. It feels like you are in genteel English country house.Great room design and bathrooms in a beautiful townhouse. Good service too. Please note it is not a huge 5 star hotel so if that is what you are used to it may not suit. It is an old building with creaky floors and lots of character- and big on luxury.The location is great next to Kensington Park. Make sure to walk up the Kensington Gardens road entered alongside the Garden Court Hotel (it looks closed to the public but in actual fact its only to non-authorised cars. Very interesting mansions and ambassadorial residences (including the most expensive house ever sold - to Lakshmi Mittal- prior to Lilly Safra selling her pad in Monaco last year).You can then turn left for Notting Hill or loop back down around Kensington Church Street for pubs and cool shops. Also explore the neighbourhood behind the hotel all the way to Kensington Square.When the hotel was refurbished they found 11million pounds-worth of old paintings concealed behind one of the walls!	
Dec 20 2008 	Excellent	We have stayed in many hotels in London but this one has got to be the best. What more can I say it was excellent in every way especially the very freindly professional staff, will definatly stay here again.	
Dec 2 2008 	Impeccable Experience at the Milestone	I have waited a bit to write this review, because I wanted all of my thoughts about The Milestone to synthesize before I merely gushed ceaselessly.Having travelled and stayed in every major &quot;brand&quot; luxury hotel, e.g., Four Seasons, Ritz Carlton, St. Regis, etc., I have never had as uniformly wonderful experience as we enjoyed at The Milestone.First, we were upgraded to a Master Suite as an absolute surprise. We did not ask for an upgrade, and we did not expect an upgrade. A tremendous first impression.Second, one expects at 500 pound plus per night that the staff will be courteous, welcoming, and helpful. However, the staff at The Milestone, from reception, the concierge staff, the butler staff, the dining room staff, to housekeeping was exceptional. Each knew the name of every member of my family within an hour of the commencement of our stay.Third, the physical condition of the property is maintained in a meticulous way. No paint chipped, no curtains frayed, no questionable linens. Everything is in perfect shape.Fourth, the location is difficult to beat. Hyde Park and Kensington Palace are steps away. High Street Kensington and its shopping are steps away, and the tube stop is a four minute walk.Fifth, unlike almost every other property, the Red Carnation Group (which owns/operates The Milestone) gets that when someone is spending a great deal on a hotel, it is galling to get &quot;nickled and dimed&quot; or, I suppose, &quot;five-penced and ten-penced&quot; for things that should be included as an amenity, such as free internet access in-room and in the common areas, free business services, free electric converters, free computer loan, and complimentary canapes and drinks each evening. These things are all part of one's stay at The Milestone. Though small, all of these touches make one's stay so much more relaxing. Finally, we travelled with our son. Many properties (and restaurants) &quot;tolerate&quot; children and little more. The staff at The Milestone treated our son just like we treat him: as an actual person, with his own likes and dislikes, his own opinions, his own sense of humor, and his own personality. He is a very well-travelled 9 year old, having been to more countries already than I had been to by 30; but his stay was even more uniquely wonderful than ours, and unparalleled in all of our hotel stays as a family. Though this review is lengthy, it merely scratches the surface of the excellence that is The Milestone. I cannot imagine staying at another property while in London, and I hope I never have to. Moreover, this was our first stay at a Red Carnation property. I will now seek them out.	
Nov 24 2008 	Excellent	Just returned from a short overnight stay at the Milestone Hotel London. I must say how friendly, helpful and efficient the staff were. My husband had surprised me with a theatre trip and an overnight stay in London for my birthday. We had a great time made extra nice by the hotel staff. We were met on our arrival by a man called Terry who was very helpful, who showed us all around the hotel. Our room was lovely, immaculate, spacious and comfortable. We had breakfast in the restuarant which I must say the scrambled egg was the best I had ever tasted!! Again the staff were brilliant. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting quality and comfort with a great atmosphere. I would certainly return in the future.	
Nov 9 2008	Loved Apartment One	Everything was exactly as described on the hotel website. Wonderful accomodations and fantastic service. I can't speak highly enough of the friendly and helpful staff. It really did feel like our own home during our stay. The private entrance was especially appreciated and the location of the hotel really made us feel safe. We stayed for 10 nights and after a day full of sight-seeing and walking, it was a true pleasure to walk through the door and relax in front of the fireplace. We spent three days in Paris and the hotel was gracious enough to keep a huge piece of luggage for us so we didn't need to mail it back early. This was our first trip to London and I spent three weeks researching hotels before deciding on the Milestone. I wouldn't consider staying anywhere else on my return. I made a point of finding some of the hotels I had considered (The Dorchester, The Stafford, etc.) and it just confirmed that I had picked the BEST!	
Sep 25 2008 	A charming and cozy hotel!	Wonderful hotel, great room, very comfortable bed, super room ameniities, good breakfast and outstanding service. Great massage at the spa!	
Sep 5 2008 	Wonderful!	We stayed here for 4 days precruise in early August. It was really one of the best hotel experiences we have had anywhere (and we travel quite a bit).We arrived early and were not only allowed to check in but were upgraded to the fabulous Safari Suite. The attention to detail from all the staff is over the top, I am amazed that anyone would give this beautiful hotel 3 stars!The breakfasts were divine and the high tea quite an experience for SoCal folks. NO request was to small to be handled promptly and with grace, We did not have dinner or a drink in the bar (although it was very charming).The area is close to the tube, various museums, Hyde Park, Kensington Palace (across the street). Lots of shopping in the neighborhood. We did a very nice package on Luxury Link and it was worth every penny twice over. Believe all the wonderful things you read in the reviews and treat yourself to a fantastic holiday. You will be treated like royalty!	
Aug 30 2008	The Best Hotel I Have Stayed In . . .By A Mile!!!	This hotel had my boyfiend and I so impressed, we still talk about it! We had a concert at the Royal Albert Hall wich was a 5 minute walk from the hotel (it's situated on the same road!!) and with the perfect position, opposite the park it was iddylic.From the moment we arrived we had a warm greeting and noticed all of the fresh, signiture red carnations. They were in the lift, our room, on the room service trays and in every member of staff's button holes. Lovely touch.Our room was split level on the second floor and was very cosy. All the little 'extras' you could imagine putting into a room, they did. Stationery, slippers, extra towels and the smelly's were gorgeous.We only spent one night here, didn't see the bar or use the restaurant or pool but we did order room service after our concert. We got into the big fluffy robes and endulged in the best meal we have ever had, lemon gougons followed by the most incredible cheescake ever. Breakfast was room service too and again, to die for!A recent visit to a West End show took us to The Montague On The Gardens, a hotel in the Red Carnation Group and we were so dissappointed it was unbelievable. We only stayed there as it was closer to the show but wish we hadn't as it ruined our stay, so Milestone all the way next time.We plan to go back next year on the same date as it was a special one and the hotel paid a huge personal part in that.	
Aug 19 2008 	WOW	Oh WOW!!!! My partner booked this as a surprise. We stayed in a fabulous room with a four poster bed and a wonderfully luxurious feel. (I think it was the Tudor suite?) I almost wished it were winter so we could have lit the fire and sat in the snug area! Terry the butler was a great guide to the hotel and the local area. He was entertaining as well as informative. We went down to the bar for pre-dinner drinks, Daniel the barman was so welcoming and Stephan offered us Champagne &quot;It's Champagne day every day at the Milestone!!&quot; .... Just fantastic and lovely nibbles, I would have been happy to have stayed in the bar all night.  Dinner in Cheneston's was a wonderful experience, what a lovely setting. I have never felt so important and special, and not just how my partner treated me! Zana was lovely, she treated as like royalty as did all the staff. The meal was truly a treat. I started with the Endive, Gruyere and Pancetta terrine which was delicious (I could have had it again for my main course!!), but instead went for the Pot Roast Dover sole which was out of this world. Unfortunately I was so full I couldn't manage a dessert, but did steal a mouthful of Simon's soufflé....... oh my goodness. And Thomas made sure we had excellent wines with each course and we even convinced us to have cognac with our coffee in the lounge. I could get used to this! Breakfast was calm and again the quality of the food and service was near perfect. I can’t thank the staff enough for making our very short break so memorable and special and I can't describe how much I loved the Milestone, I can't wait to return ~ I just might even arrange a girls night for dinner. I am sure Stephan, Thomas and Daniel would make it another great night!	
Aug 18 2008	English hospitality at its best	Someone asked me to recommend a hotel in London and I started to tell them about the Milestone. Having stayed there, and at the time not having thought to put a review on the net, I realised what a great impression it had made on us and what a unique experience it was.Recalling the great welcome, fantastic location, outstanding attention to detail and superb customer care I though I really should let people know what a unique experience it was. The hotel is wonderful, situated opposite Kensington Gardens near to some of the best shops in the world and superbly decorated throughout I don't think you can better it!If you have the time, you really must take afternoon tea. Its in a class of its own! Don't hesitate to stay here. You will be looked after by some superb staff in a great hotel and I guarantee it's an experience you will recall with pleasure for many years to come.	
Aug 18 2008 	Not a five star hotel	I really don't know who writes these reviews. I have been to many hotels around the world and this is certainly not a five star hotel!First of all when we entered the hotel, the floor was squeaking, first time for me in the hotel experience. When we entered our room I gave the man who accompanied us a big tip and told him to empty the mini-bar which he promised to do but didn’t, in fact I never saw him again during our stay.The room was very small for the price we paid which was 550$ a night! and seeing that this hotel is very small by itself I don’t know how it got a five start rating! Maybe a five star in the small hotel category.The curtains and the bed covering all smelled nasty like they never been washed before and when I tried to take a shower, the shower head fell on me!! And then when I tried to turn the sink faucet one of its parts dropped in my hand!To add to my surprise, the bed was very small!! A queen size which was only about 4 feet wide which barley was enough for me and my wife, we each had 2 feet to sleep in! you cannot turn in this bed unless you want to find yourself on the floor and you wouldn’t want that seeing that there are some ants on it!!One plus thing to say about the hotel is that the staff was very friendly, but wouldn’t you expect that from a five star hotel anyway? Actually I am used to very friendly staff in 3 star hotels in other parts of the world.Overall, it is a good location to stay in, very safe and quite with lots of shopping areas and Kensington park just across the street, if you have enough money, it is better go for the bigger rooms.One last thing, we stayed in room 401, please avoide it!	
Aug 15 2008 	Superb Hotel	I stayed at the Milestone with my sister last month as a birthaday treat to coincide with a matinee trip to the theatre. I never imagined that it would be the highlight of the trip.The room was outstanding and was much larger than I had expected and over looked Kensington Palace which thrilled us. Neil on reception was efficient and courteous, and ordered us a tray of tea to be sent to the room, complete with delicious cookies, by a lovely chap called Paul.We decided on an early supper then bed but this didn,t go as planned as we had such a good time. We ate at about 8pm and had Chicken Pot Pie and Chopped Aberdeen Angus steak and they were outstanding . We'd had nibbles in the bar served to us by a lovely guy (maresh?) and we glad we hadn,t ordered a starter. The wine waiter was knowledgeable and attentive , and I wish I could remeber the name of the wine he recommended so that I could order it again! We squeezed in dessert and it very moreish, and didn't manage to get bed till gone 11pm, we had such a good time. After a comfortable night we were sad to leave and are trying to plan our next visit, at the very least to have Sunday Lunch as a special treat.	
Aug 15 2008 	The most outstanding Hotel in the UK	This hotel is fabulous, the location, the rooms and the food. But the service is first class. Terry the butler made our stay so special and Gavin on concierge went out of his way to arrange a personal itinerary so we got to see all the sights of this great city. Everyone made our trip to London very special - we were treated like royalty. Their afternoon tea is the best in London. We will definitely go back.	
Aug 15 2008 	Superb!!	Stayed at the Milestone in August and had the best experience for a very long time. We travel frequently and visit London often and wanted to try the Milestone. The location is fantastic, right in the middle of Kensington and overlooking the beautiful Kensington Gardens. We arrived and the first thing you notice is how wonderful the staff are, they are genuinely friendly and seemed to really care about us. From the doorman to the gentleman who gave us a guided tour and offered us a complimentary glass of champagne, to the ladies who serviced our room, everyone just couldn't do enough for us. Our room was beautifully decorated, I believe newly refurbished as well, room 502 with a lovely four poster bed. The room was spotlessly clean and the evening turn down service was superb - every day you get a different surprise waiting on your pillow! We had breakfast every day which was very good, all cooked to order and we particularly liked the way the Manager recommended certain dishes to try every morning -a nice touch! We also had dinner on one evening and found the service to be impeccable and the food very, very good. The menu seems to focus on genuine comfort food with a bit of pizzazz, well complimented by a great wine service. We had a thoroughly enjoyable experience. All in all a great hotel experience, not cheap but you would not expect any less from a hotel of this calibre. We will definitely return.	
Aug 14 2008 	OK - friendly but not efficient	We booked to stay one night as a birthday treat for my partner. There were various personal reasons why we chose the Milestone and our expectations were high. The service was friendly, though not always efficient. We had a Junior suite which overlooked the park at the front of the hotel which was a lovely outlook, and whilst not quiet wasn't as noisy as many complain of - this is central London! Our room wasn't ready on arrival so we did have to wait in the pleasant lounge. The room was fun, with an interesting theme and well decorated and clean. The bathroom was out of a different era though (it turns out they have revamped many of the rooms but not the bathrooms - it shows!). We used the spa and it was good. I had ordered a romantic turndown (rose petals on the bed, champagne etc.) but they did it very early (6pm!) rather than while we were at dinner (which would seem more sensible) and I had to chase for the champagne. We dinned at the hotel, as it looked like it might be good - it wasn't. We went for the taster menu with the accompanying wine menu. The sommelier was excellent and the wines proposed perfect. The food was at best indifferent and would even struggle to get 1/10 in the Good Food Guide. The only saving grace were the puddings. It transpired the kitchen staff were all new - except for the pastry chef. Breakfast was worse, with poached eggs so solid they could have been used as weapons.The bill - there were a number of errors so do check! Freindly, good atmosphere, good rooms, poor bathrooms, not very efficient and, for the moment, food poor value.	
Aug 14 2008 	BEWARE - Don't leave your valuables in the room!	We spent 5 nights at The Milestone Hotel and being frequent seasoned travelers throughout the US, Europe &amp; Asia, can honestly this is the worst hotel experience we've ever had. We had souvenirs and money taken from our room. You heard me right!!! I made the mistake of leaving my wallet in the room unattended (after all, it only contained $100 USD) only to learn upon arrival at the airport on the return home that it had been cleaned out (my taxi money for the ride home from the airport)! Also, we had 2 souvenir beer pints taken as well (of course the manager Neil claims they must have been misplaced) but glasses don't just get up and walk away. On our last night, they switched us to a &quot;larger&quot; suite as a courtesy upgrade...the room was old and smelled its age, the air conditioning didn't work, and the rug was so filthy we did not even want to remove our shoes. Book elsewhere - definitely not worth what we spent...over $2400 pounds (nearly $4500 USD for 5 days)!	
Aug 12 2008 	Tired	Firstly, let me say the location is fantastic - if you love being situated on a large open park in the middle of London, an easy cab / tube ride from anywhere interesting.The service at the hotel is a little oppresive, so for most people it could be regarded as highly favourable. The building and decor are tired, or quaint, depending on one's perespective. Our room was tiny, to be polite, stuffed with unnesessary furniture in decor that boarded on kitch. There was a definite smell of sewage everytime we entered our, overly-compact, room. You'd attribute this to the 'quaintness', read old-world-ness, of the hotel.For the price I would have to say pay marginally more and stay at a modern, more up-market, establishment in Park Lane.Not impressed.	
Jul 24 2008	Not for Seasoned Travelers	While most of the reviews of the Milestone have been excellent, I beg to differ. I found the hotel to be stuffy, old fashioned and appropriate only for first time travelers to the UK.I much prefer the Baglioni a few doors down (fully booked this timer).The rooms had too much furniture and tschokes all over the place. The bar was full of blue haired laddies. The service stifiling.The resistance pool was OK and the location is good. A great place to bring Aunt Edna for her first trip to the UK.	
Jul 16 2008 	beautiful place to stay...	We loved staying at the Milestone Hotel.. very English and the staff is very helpful. Our room was small but very elegant and extremely clean. We had a beautiful view of Hyde Park... which is also the side where the street is, but surprisedly it was quiet. Actually, I specifically noticed things in the hotel, and everything is well taken care of and clean. My daughter and I had breakfast in our room every morning, the food was good but somewhat expensive. Pretty much the food in London was expensive. We ate dinner in the restaurant one evening, it was good and the service was good too.I would definitely recommend this hotel, good location... great staff and beautiful rooms... we will stay here again.	
Jul 13 2008 	Fantastic but	We have stayed at 5 star hotels all over the world and for service this was one of the best. The staff could not do enough for you. Gavin concierge was excellent.Complimentary tea when we arrived at 11.30 pm and impeccable service throughout our stay. Our only gripe was that our room (311) was facing the road and there was some traffic noise (some sort of intererior glazing would fix) also there was a creaking floorboard in the room above that the guest kept walking over until 1 am that was annoying. All in all if you want a class hotel that lives up to its status then this is it.	
Jun 29 2008 	A gem	Just an ideal London boutique hotel. The right size--so that all amenities are available, the right staff--warm and welcoming, and the right location--overlooking Kensington Park. Our duplex room decorated like a library featured a billards table/dining table (you'd need to see it) and upstairs living area that served as our children's sleeping area. Bathroom was well appointed (though I find those European shower enclosures frustrating). Everynight candy and canapes were delivered and the turn-down service was excellent. Comfy beds. The roll-away beds need some looking after as a couple of them were missing slats. Breakfasts were classic british or continental as you choose. A sweet little bar/conservatory area make a nice nook for a drink or tea. My only significant complaint is that the pool is quite small and seemed over-dosed with chemicals.We'll absolutely return.	
Jun 16 2008 	The best hotel we have ever stayed at	Originally I booked this as it was the closest to the Royal Albert Hall as we were going to a concert there.What a find, nothing was too much trouble and all the staff were very helpful.Terry showed us around the hotel and our room.The afternoon tea we had was huge and lovely, the cakes and scones we could not finish they sent up to our room for later.The room itself was excellent decorated in a victorian theme.After the concert we came back and sat in the lounge and was entertained by a person singing and playing the piano who was excellent.Overall a wonderful place that makes you feel special.Much better than the Ritz which we stayed at the week before and not as pricy.	
May 21 2008 	The Most Pleasant Expreience!	My husband and I just returned from a long weekend at The Milestone May 15-19th. The hotel is completely charming. The staff is very friendly and accomodating, especially Neil at the concierge, who helped us with restaurant reservations and even offered to personally check out the table at our restaurant before we got there to make sure it was appropriate for us! Speaking of restaurants, you must try Ffiona's just a few blocks away - what a delicious meal!!We stayed in a superior double room with a clear view of Kensington Palace The room was very cozy, nicely decorated and comfortable. The bathroom was spacious and spotless. The hotel really feels like a home away from home. I would definitely recommend it to anyone! I can see why it remains at the top reviewed by fellow travellers.	
Apr 23 2008	Best Hotel Experience in Many Years	My wife and I stayed in the Milestone Hotel for 4 days while visiting London for our daughter's grad school graduation. We booked a Superior King room and were delighted upon receiving an upgrade upon arrival. I travel frequently for both business and personal reasons, and I am very demanding when it comes to service and accomodations. The Milestone exceeded my requirements and expectations in all categories. All members of the staff greeted us by name without exception, including upon our exit from the cab upon arrival, and they were quick to offer assistance and suggestions to meet our every need. They were the most attentive and friendly hotel professionals that we have encountered in our extensive world travels over a period of many years. Their personal touch was most appreciated. We received prompt, professional and friendly assitance in organizing a banquet for 17 in the hotel's beautiful Windsor Suite, preceded by a cocktail reception in the Conservatory. The event was a great success thanks to the staff, and made the graduation night a memorable occasion for all. Afternoon tea before the fireplace in the lounge was another highlight. We will most certainly stay in this establishment again and again.	
Apr 17 2008 	A haven where the staff care	A supprise weekend right up to the moment the car pulled up outside the front door. The doorman was there welcoming us (not like the Baglioni) and taking the luggage before you could say Jack Flash. Once inside my partner checked in whilst i chatted with one of the very knowledgable butlers. Once he assertained where we had travelled from he knew who we were without the list.A quick and friendly check in and we were then given the grand tour whilst on route to the Jungle Room. We met and were introduced to most of the F@B staff who would look after us over the next two days. Well what can i say it was like being a long lost friend, all the staff knew who we were (just a couple up in town from cornwall) and their willingness to look after everyone with passion and flair was amazing.The hotel was spotless in all areas, the food was superb (1st night of the new spring menu) and the wine list was a pleasure to read and sample.The room is soon to be refurbished why i dont know as it was immaculate and very comfortable. The H/K was first calss and discreet.I dont know why we went home but Cornwall does have its benefits. As you may have guessed we love the place and have found our home form home in London.	
Mar 19 2008 	Mind the Gap!	It was our frist trip to England and I was there with my wife to celebrate my birthday, But London is cold at this time of the year...who cares, never been there and had to make it special. London is magical, feeling like Peter Pan although I'm older, I felt like a kid entering Disneyland for he first time, never felt tired until the end of the day, after a day of walking, sightseeing, watching shows at west end, shopping, and dining...but to end my day on my goose down king size bed and pillows just made resting a much different level. The Milestone did not idsaapoint at all even thought they were doing construction during the day, the noise above me at one time was just not tolerable..but any old hotel with so muh character will show its age...and will need upkeep. The room was elegant, though small and cramped...this is London. My wife said that our stay at the Park Palace at Victoria Stationwas roomier and I agree, but it was not even close to the character of the hotel and the room. It felt like my home away from home. THey know you the moment you walk out the door and when you come home. Nothing is spared, they just care. I haven;t felt like that from a hotel, ever...is it pricey. yeah but if you want cheap, thn don't go to London, or Europe for that matter. Go there as if money doesn't matter then you will really enjoy London. THe day we arrive, it was my birthday and they made my afternoon tea so special by making a delicous chocolate cake and giving us champagne....that's service. By the way, they made the cake whn they found out it was my birthday because they asked me if I can have it later after my afternoon tea...never got that at the Ritz! The service is very british, subtle yet very classy. The location is near the tube and better yet, a Starbucks just around the corner. WHat else could make you feel at home...one thing about London, once you're there, top converting your dollars if you want to enjoy the rest of your trip...and the best part of the trip is coming back to America....you will realize how blessed we are in this country...we plan to go back to London again soon...and Milestone is definitely on our list....&quot;Mind the Gap&quot;	
Mar 4 2008	Unforgettable	My girlfriend and I were lucky enough to stay at the luxurious Milestone Hotel, Kensington. We were collected from Liverpool street station in a Bentley by Terry our butler and Keith our chaffer and given a guided tour of London on the way to the Milestone. The stay at the hotel was outstanding and we found EVERY member of staff dedicated to enhancing the experience of staying in such luxurious hotel. The first thing we did after checking in was shop, escorted by Jim the head concierge which gave us the feeling we were in safe hands. I would recommend this hotel to anyone as I’ve never been somewhere so customer orientated but hope to get the chance again soon. The bar and mixologist, Daniel, and his cocktails were an experience in themselves and not to be missed. The food was exquisite and excellently presented, fine dining is all that is on offer at the Milestone Hotel. For us this was truly an experience we will never forget and would like to use this chance to thank EVERY member of staff for being dedicated to making the stay with them unforgettable. If you’re looking for somewhere luxurious with a friendly atmosphere and nothing is too much then quite simply the Milestone Hotel is for you.	
Feb 26 2008 	Problems solved great stay!	We stayed at the Milestone hotel in London with our two sons, aged 5 and 8, after a previous fantastic stay we had as a couple about a month ago. We booked two connecting rooms, but were faced with some serious problems upon arrival. The rooms were on the fifth floor, that was recently refurbished, but evidently this process was not quite finished. There were no locks on the outer door, the rooms were really extremely small, the DVD-player was not working. TV-channels were mixed up, the airco was out of order, etc. All staff members were extremely helpfull and kind, but the problems remained. That evening we told the Milestone this was not worth their five star rating and their splending reputation and invited them to come up with a solution the next morning. The solution they offered was great: we were given a fantastic spacious two bedroom apartment in the adjacent building, that they normally only rent out on a weekly basis (do they really?) and we had a very pleasant stay for the remainder of our holidays in London.The Milestone is a fantastic hotel. What really sets them out is their service and the attitude of the staff. It is however - by any standard - expensive. Breakfast in the hotel with two adults and two kids can easily cost you near £ 100..... We believe that the Milestone is a great hotel if you want to spend a romantic luxury weekend in a (junior) suite in a boutique London hotel and budget is not is not your first choice. We have our doubts about the standard rooms, based on what we experienced. We later learned from staff that the rooms on the fifth floor were hardly used. Also, the hotel was not fully booked during our stay. Yes, they made a terrific response to our complaints, but one question remains: why did they try to give us these rooms in the first place and did not offer us the available apartment right away.....?	
Feb 13 2008 	A fab boutique hotel worth visiting!	My husband and I recently returned from a two-week jaunt through Europe including London on the front and back ends. The trip included Spain, Switzerland and Sweden and I can tell you, hands down, that the Milestone was the highlight of the trip (and I'm hard to impress). The butler (Terry) is a scream, but in a proper, British sort of way. Since we were only there for one night at the beginning of our trip, we booked the least expensive room rate. Terry showed us our room, but then showed us a few other rooms that were available for an upgrade. While we loved this little tour, we decided not to upgrade as it was already late and we were getting up early to catch our flight. Our room was small and not as smartly decorated as the others we previewed, but the bathroom was large and nicely appointed. We had problems with the air-conditioning (the room was stifling hot) and it took the mechanics three tries before it was working again.We made our way to the bar (which had been recommended by family) and had it to ourselves. The bartender was top-notch and really knew his drinks (the best kir royal I've had to date) and I loved, loved, loved the quaintness of it (it's teeny tiny).When we left the next morning, I booked our return for two weeks later. When we returned and were escorted to our room I was jumping for joy when the door opened because they had upgraded us to a beautiful suite that I could have lived out the rest of my days in.We explained to the concierge what we were looking for in a restaurant for dinner and he nailed it with Ffiona's. Within walking distance of the hotel, everything about this place was perfect. The candles, the unpretentious food, the atmosphere (small, 15 or fewer tables), the hilarious proprietor, etc. Highly recommend.We'll definitely be back. Keep in mind, though, it's not for someone looking for a deal in a London hotel. This hotel is for travelers who can appreciate something different and better (and are willing to pay for it) than the typical mega hotel experience.	
Feb 11 2008 	Lovely Hotel Lovelier Staff	I celebrated a milestone birthday at the Milestone Hotel and couldn't have been happier with my experience. From the moment my friend and I checked in till the moment we left, the staff was attentive, courteous and kind. We were upgraded to a large and luxurious room, offered a bottle of champagne (which was brought to the room with extra glasses so we could share it with friends) and advised that a birthday cake had been arranged for me. Following check-in, we were shown around the public rooms and then graciously escorted to our sumptious quarters. After I booked the stay, I was sent a Guest Preference form to complete. Clearly, someone paid attention, because our quiet, non-smoking room was decorated in a favorite color scheme, had plenty of pillows, lots of hangers and a plate of preferred fruits.As pleased as I was with the accommodations, I was even more impressed with the staff. We had expected to arrive mid-day, but because another friend's handbag had been stolen, while we were enjoying coffee and pastries in her hotel's lobby, we spent much of the day at the American Embassy getting her a temporary passport. When I explained this to the Milestone's lovely receptionist, she immediately expressed her concern and quickly extended an offer of help. Her generous spirit was in stark contrast to the indifference my friend had encountered at the other hotel. Her thoughtfulness set the tone for our most enjoyable stay.	
Jan 29 2008 	Top notch service with luxourious rooms 	The Milestone is one of my favorite hotels in the world. The staff go out of their way to ensure the guest's comfort (from the friendly butler, to the helpful concierge, to the great maid service which brings you fruit, candies and little appetizers every night). There are so many little touches that make this property spectacular. It's in a beautiful building, the rooms are spacious, quiet, &amp; the interior decorating is superb. We loved the Venetian suite. Make sure you have their tea &amp; scones, it's the best tea experience in London. This is not a cookie-cutter generic type hotel - it has a lot of character &amp; old-world elegance.They are very centrally located, with a great view of Kensington Park. The resistance pool is also very nice if you like swimming.	
Dec 25 2007 	One of the best hotels in London	Very nice small hotel; the suite was not so big, but well appointed and comfortable. Just a bit of noise coming from the street.	
Dec 20 2007 	Hotel for the discerning	I ended up here after the ParkCity could not extend my stay so I was not very happy at having to pay 230 gbp for a nights sleep. Thats where the downer stops...Brilliant location, my room overlooked Kensington Palace. Brilliant check in, I arrived early and the Receptionist noticed I had a Blackberry and offered to email me once the room was ready. Brilliant room, stayed in the Safari Suite and was impressed. Brilliant bar, the waiter knew his stuff and we settled on a nice Bordeaux !I really have a problem finding problems with this hotel and I am in the trade so usually I am faulting them.Maybe 2 gripes - insufficient foreign language tv channels for the overseas visitors and for a hotel of this standard , no green tea in the room.I consider this hotel to be a gem.	
Oct 11 2007 	Milestone is Great	Everything was perfect at the Milestone - service, decor, friendliness of staff, quality of furnishings and fixtures. And the food - the &quot;Midnight Lovers' Feast&quot; was marvelous. Will certainly stay there again.	
Aug 24 2007 	Setting the standard.	I have recently returned from my second stay at The Milestone Hotel within the last month.I was initially recommended the hotel by American Express (Centurion Card-Black Card), their restaurant and hotel recommendations are generally very good.The Milestone was recently voted the fourth best hotel in the world by a leading travel magazine and I can unreservadly endorse this accolade. London has a comprehensive choice of hotels ranging from budget to some of the worlds best........this is one of the worlds best for customer service. The hotel is relatively small with less than sixty bedrooms, it was built in the 19th century as two townhouses and retains many of its original period features. All of the rooms are totally different but have all been decorated with style and imagination, we stayed in The Royal Studio which was wonderful but our two children (young adults 18 and 20) stayed in a twin room which was equally impressive. During our stay to celebrate our sons 18th birthday, we visited and ate at two other top London hotels, The Sanderson and St Martins Lane. In order to benchmark all three hotels, we asked to look at their respective guestrooms. If you are looking for trendy, minimalist and very over priced, you will love the Sanderson and St Martins Lane, however if it is traditional with sumptious surroundings, don't hesitate in selecting The Milestone Hotel as your choice.I own a business in the UK and have been very fortunate to have travelled extensively on both business and pleasure and can honestly say that this hotel exceeded my expectations more than any other hotel. Like most things in life, quality and service generally come with a premium price attached and The Milestone is no exception to this rule. In summary, this is a premium 5 star hotel that will not disappoint even the most discerning international travellers but prepare yourself for the final bill, particularly if you use the mini bar in your room.If you do stay at The Milestone, you will enjoy exceptional service and a memorable experience that sets the standard for all other London hotels.	
Aug 22 2007	Small nice but costly	My wife and I stayed for five nights and found the hotel small and quaint, however in my opinion very much overpriced for what we received. Good points: Service was great and the staff does try to take care of you as best as possible. Clean, nice, and good location.Not so good points: Dinner and amenities are overpriced...probably due to the size of the hotel. We had dinner the first night and my steak came out very rare...they did not prepare a new steak but simply reheated the raw steak. Not what I expect when paying for an expensive meal...$1,000 U.S. for two. I asked them to fix the air conditioner because it made a very loud screeching noise that would wake us up at night. This was not fixed so we got used to waking up 2 - 3 times a night.Overall, we have traveled for many years and I have no problem spending whatever money to enjoy the best. However, I do not like to feel like I am just burning money for the sake of doing so. Past that, it was a nice small friendly hotel.	
Aug 4 2007 	english townhouse	the milestone was exactly what I imagined after months of searching then deciding...we arrived at gatwick and taken to hotel by our airport transfer - very efficient and great driver.the reception staff checked us into our 3 rooms - the safari, the princess and a twin bedded room all on the fifth floor facing hyde park...beautiful. the concierge were outstanding throughout our stay e.g. the tour de france w/e caused traffic havoc in London and when they realised that to get a taxi for our dinner booking would be virtually impossible , they ordered a limousine - gratis !!!all our rooms were beautiful, kept clean and turn down was faultless...the toileteries were penhaligon !!Breakfast was included and the food was delicious but the staff were a bit up and down. Be sure to check that you are not charged if this is included, as it took several attempts before they acknowledged breakfast was in our package.we stayed in the height of summer so the cost was high but certainly gave us a wonderful first time experience of London.Do the hop on hop off bus tour - one of the best in europe.Restaurants - Locanda Locatelli and River Cafe	
Jul 17 2007 	Fantastic Staff make this Hotel	I have been very slack with my reviews of our last holiday. We stayed in this hotel in May for 4 nights.The Milestone is in a fantastic location with Hyde Park opposite. Great for kids to run around and burn off energy.There are heaps of reasonably priced restaurants around and shops to buy beer, wine and snacks. The underground is a short walk and you are central to get to all areas of London easily.I was a bit disappointed in the room we had. The carpet was stained and the paint was chipped. It just had that run down feel. They also don’t have proper king size beds, only two singles pushed (or zipped?) together. We were limited in the room we had as we had to have an extra bed for our 12 year old son. Many of the rooms are quite small – but that is London. I was also disappointed in the fact that our room did not have a theme.(as per the website) My bother-in-law and sister-in-law were in a smaller room but it seemed better maintained and the furnishings were smarter. Both rooms had the same size bathroom which was a good size with an excellent shower (not walk in, over the bath)The staff at this hotel are sensational. (Except for one blonde girl on reception who was really obnoxious). They are happy to chat and tell you where to go, how to get there and many other tips. As we were celebrating my husbands’ birthday on the day we left I asked them if they could bring coffee and croissants’ (with a candle) to the room at 7.30am in the morning. This request was not made until about 11pm on the night before. At 7.30 the next morning the most beautiful chocolate cake arrive with candle and Happy Birthday message – Sensational.All in all I would highly recommend this hotel while staying in London and it was good value when you check out some of the options.The only thing I would say is don’t get your laundry done in house – the prices are exorbitant.	
Jun 18 2007 	Loved the Hotel and Staff	My husband and I stayed 4 nights post cruise and were delighted with the hotel and staff. They upgraded us to a park view room. Terry the host was wonderful. The room was a bit small by American standards, but beautiful, clean and comfortable. Large bathroom with tub and shower. Full breakfast was included and delicious. The doorman was charming, actually there was more than one, sorry I didn't get his name. The tube is a short walk up Kensington High St, lot's of resturants in the area, plus the park where we walked everyday. We had glorious weather. Would defintely stay again.	
Jun 2 2007 	Posh lovely	Top-notch service, nicely appointed rooms. We were upgraded to a junior suite from a king. It was still not a large room (European sizes, not American sizes), but really nicely decorated with a wonderful bathroom. We stayed for one night only, which is a shame. The hotel area is at the end of Kensington Park, on a busy street but street noises were not evident to us. Lots of shopping in the area, as well as the park for walking, but as others have pointed out it's not necessarily at the center of town. Very nice breakfast (the hotel's Web site had specials that include breakfast). Overall, deserving of its &quot;leading hotels&quot; insignia.	
May 28 2007 	Nice little hotel in the heart of London	This is a nice little botique hotel in the hear of london. Great staff, nice rooms (though a bit small). Location is South Kensington - which is a drawback if you want to spend most of your time around Knightsbridge. Overall a pleasant place to stay with excellant staff.	
Apr 23 2007	Superb Hotel	From the moment we checked in at this lovely hotel we knew we were at a special place . The staff were so helpful they coudnt do enough for you ,whilst they were checking our room was ready they gave us tea and coffee in the lounge . The room was spacious and spotless , turndown service was excellent . Breakfast the following day was lovely excellent choices. I have nothing but praise for this hotel , will be returning again .	
Apr 6 2007 	The apartments are an exquisite secret	My husband and I and our two daughters recently stayed at the Milestone for 2 weeks while in London. We were booked into one of the apartments that are in a townhouse attached to the hotel. Guests in the townhouse may enter either through the hotel's main entrance or through an electronically controlled door to the townhouse.The apartment was exquisite! There were two full bedrooms (each with a queen-sized bed) and sleeping loft upstairs with a pull out couch. For an extended stay it was ideal. There was a fully outfitted high end ktichen (which we used only for breakfast), two full bathrooms, an eating area and a living area with TV etc. (plus televisions in each of the sleeping areas. The real plus though was a washer and dryer in the unit - an absolute necessity for traveling in the summer with children.The Apartments are run just like the hotel - full serviced every day, turn day service, room service. All with some space and privacy. The Apartments must be rented by the week, but it was so much cheaper than booking two connecting rooms.I'd go back in heartbeat!	
Apr 5 2007 	Every little detail thought about	This is a real Gem near the centre of London. Old style service quality with some very up-to-date touches in the room. All the staff are very professional without being snooty, they seem to genuinely want you to have a great stay. The room was not large, but was wonderfully decorated with careful touches such as the i-pod speakers, wi-fi, controllable aircon and DVD players. The bathroom was high quality with plenty of space for all your own stuff backed up by high-end supplies from the hotel.The warm welcome, ease of check-in, great porterage and complimentary glass of champage at check-in, was matched by the efficient checkout with the offer of a bottle of water for my journey.	
Feb 28 2007 	Charming	The Milestone Hotel is perfect in every way. The staff are top notch; personable, professional and pleasant. Our room had a lovely view, was cozy and beautifully decorated and had a pristine bath.Turndown service in the evening was extra special with the addition of votive candles in the bath. Bed linens and pillows were luxurious and we were even asked to choose what pillows and duvet we preferred. We were always called by name by everyone on staff. It was clear that whatever we might request would be done for us happily. The lounge, lobby, restaurant and all common areas were beautiful. It was like being a guest in a private home. Afternoon tea was wonderful and a must if you have never had high tea in London. Dinner in the restaurant was gourmet and the service was impeccable. The Milestone is London at its best...charming!	
Feb 20 2007 	Personalized attention	The service in this hotel is excellent! The rooms are exquisitely appointed, with modern baths, free internet connections, wonderful turn down service. We went for my birthday, and my son had requested the Food and Beverage Director make a birthday cake for me ( a surprise for me). It was a sinfully rich and moist cake and the presentation was excellent. Our experience with this hotel and with this neighborhood in London couldn't have been better. We highly recommend it.	
Jan 8 2007 	What a gem!	My husband and I recently took a trip to Morocco, London, and Dubai. Out of all the hotels that we stayed at I would have to say that The Milestone was the most charming hotel. The hotel is very small, which means you get personal, warm service from every staff member.From the point that we arrived we were checked in quickly and then given a tour of the hotel and of our room by a wonderful butler named Terry. Terry, throughout our entire stay, was a tremendous help in suggesting what things to see, where to eat, etc. He is a great addition to this hotel. After we were shown our room and all the &quot;extras&quot; it had we were given a complimentary drink (we recommend the hot chocolate because it's given with delicious cookies) and we had time to walk the nearby shops and get something to eat. The location of the hotel is ideal since there are many shops and restaurants to eat and visit. In addition, we recommend getting tickets for the Big Bus Tours because they have a stop right outside the hotel and it's an easy, educational, and inexpensive way to see all of London. The Milestone is a beautiful hotel that has anticipated all the needs of its guests. We didn't have to ask for anything extra or have anything changed because it was truly perfect!	
Dec 13 2006 	Would stay here again in a heart beat!	This is my favorite hotel in London. It's small but exquisitely decorated, and the service is just wonderful. No request is too big or too small, and when I have had (very minor) issues, they have responded quickly, efficiently and satisfactorily.I also ate the the hotel restaurant and it was a very satisfactory meal. Room service too was wonderful.If you can, stay in the apartments as these are just so beautifully furnished with real fireplaces, shiny beautiful kitchens, and lovely rooms. I love this hotel.In terms of location, this is the type of hotel for people who want to experience &quot;London life.&quot; It's not very near the theater &amp; museum district (but it's just one bus ride away), but you're right in front of Kensington Park &amp; Palace, and your neighborhood is the Kensington Church Street area which is where real (and really nice) people live.	
Oct 3 2006 	Like Staying in a Wonderful Private Home	If you are looking for a wonderful small hotel with a very British feel then the Milestone is for you! We had a wonderful stay there. The staff is so friendly and helpful. After a full day of site seeing it felt like coming home.....if only my home was decorated so lovely! The rooms are cheerful and comfortable though a little on the small size compared to American standards. The location is great, right across the street from Kensington Palace, quiet yet not too far from the action. The tube station is a short walk and the on and off bus lets you off almost at the hotel door. There are several good places to eat close by. We had an excellent meal at the Indian restaurant down the block and the Italian restaurant makes the best pizza...even better than the ones we had in Italy! There is a breakfast place in the same block called Giraffe that serves a full British breakfast for a reasonable price. The food at the hotel is excellent also. We had their late afternoon tea and it was delicious. We also enjoyed dessert and a drink after the theater in the lounge. They have a nice turn down service, where they leave bottled water and candy.......though not chocolate.....weird British candy...but that was good because I wasn't tempted to eat it! We look forward to saying at the Milestone next time we are in London.	
Sep 25 2006 	The Milestone - A well-kept secret	We wanted to be near a friend's flat in Kensington and she recommended the Milestone Hotel as an excellent choice of hotel. We're glad we took her advice - it is a real gem! The decor is unfussy English and the staff couldn't be any nicer. Our room was a little small but immaculate and we loved the rain shower head in the bath. We had an excellent dinner our first night and the breakfast buffet was more than adequate with choices of hot dishes available. We would definitely stay there again. Travelers from Amelia Island, FL	
Sep 24 2006 	Wonderful hotel!	We had a wonderful stay at the Milestone Hotel from Aug 23 - 26, 2006. The management staff would greet us by name and stop and chat with us during breakfast or while we were relaxing in the lounge with afternoon drinks. The concierge helped us with tourist venue reservations and also with wonderful dinner reservations at neighborhood restaurants and also at the hotel restaurant. He also helped by email prior to our travels. The head butler is a charming man who is extremely proud of the hotel and is a very good hospitality ambassador! He took us on a tour of the hotel which we enjoyed. Our room was very quiet and off the main street and tastefully decorated in a French toile motif. We had 2 large chairs to read the daily paper that was delivered to us and to relax in also, The bed was sooo comfortable and heavenly after a day of travels from Arizona. We knew that our room couldn't possibly be ready upon arrival from Heathrow Airport at 8 am but it was ready by 10 am! While waiting we enjoyed complementary tea and coffee in the lounge. Our hotel rate included breakfast and we had a delicious and hearty meal to start off our day. The hotel is across the street from Kensington Palace and walking distance to stores such as Harrods (very disappointing since our last visit in 2000) and many designer boutiques. There is a small desk near the fitness center to access email. My husband's only complaint was the limited television channel selection, but, as I see it, we were on vacation from tv and the remote control! :-) We will definitely stay at the Milestone Hotel again!	
Aug 3 2006 	Milestone exceeds our expectations in every way!	We had a fantastic stay at the Milestone, and would recommend the hotel to anyone.It is a very charming small hotel, well located within a few minute walk to the High Street - Kensington tube station, where you have access to all of London on their wonderfully convenient Subway system.There is also plenty of shopping, and pubs for dining and nightlife within easy walking distance.Rooms are on the smaller side (which can be expected for London), so I recommend reserving one category higher than you would usually be comfortable in. However they are appointed with every possible modern luxury and convenience, you will not be disappointed. They are richly decorated, with wall hangings, comfortable furniture and beds. But the best part of staying at the Milestone is the service. We have stayed at many upscale hotels including Four Seasons, and Ritz-Carlton, and the Milestone equals if not exceeds their standards in every way. From the moment we arrived at the hotel, we were greeted at the front of the hotel by the door man who immediately summoned someone to take our bags. Then the very charming Butler Terry showed us to the front desk for a friendly and efficient check in. He then took us on a personal tour of the hotel, explaining the historic, and current use of every part of the hotel. He was exceptionally good with our 10 year old son. The entire staff were always friendly and we felt that the smiles and kind words in passing were genuine and sincere. The hotel also has a fitness centre with a small (but very refreshing) resistance pool, which was nice to spend a few minutes relaxing in after returning from a hot day out and about. The free internet access was also a very nice touch, even providing a computer terminal for those of us who do not travel with a lap top. Breakfast was included in our rate, and was very nice, however we would probably have eaten elsewhere due to the cost, had it not been included.We thoroughly enjoyed our 4 night stay and will certainly return to the Milestone next time we are in London.	
Jul 31 2006	So comfortable!	15th July, 2006This is the third visit to this hotel in Kensington which we have found to have excellent service, lovely staff and beautiful rooms.Right in front of Kensington Gardens, you have plenty of shops, pubs and restaurants in walking distance but are only 10 mins away from the West End. Every room I have seen (total of 5) are all differently but individually decorated and include all the essentials even down to stationery items in the desk. We have stayed in many hotels in London (including Claridges and Blakes) but this is our favourite.	
Jul 15 2006	Charming Hotel with Great Service	Our family enjoyed this hotel and its wonderful ambience. Although one of our original rooms was too small and inconsistent with the description, the front desk worked with us to move us to a larger room for a supplemental charge. Terry, the butler, was especially charming. Full English breakfasts were very good, and dinner was excellent. The concierge was extremely accomodating. We appreciated the free internet access. Sometimes the doorman has to work hard to hail a taxi so allow plenty of time before the theatre or dinner out.	
Jul 11 2006	Wonderful place to stay!	My husband and I stayed at the Milestone in June while we were en route to Dover for a cruise to the Baltic. We had stayed at the Milestone a few times before and always loved it. We booked a de luxe room with king bed.The night before we left home for London I had a message on my machine to ring the front desk at the Milestone. I was worried that something had gone wrong with our reservation! I talked to the Duty Manager who told me that our room's AC was not working (and London is hot this summer!) so he asked if we would mind down grading to a room with efficient AC. He added that this would be for one night only, and then, as compensation we would be moved to a suite. Well, what could I say! In fact the room we were put in for the first night was lovely, if a little small. The AC did indeed work well. The room was on the Kensington Court side and very quiet. The next day we were out all day and the staff moved our things to the suite - which was newly re-decorated and quite magnificent. It had a great view of the park and Kensington Palace. However since the windows were doubled glazed there was no traffic noise. We didn't eat at the hotel on this stay, except for breakfast. In the past we have eaten at Cheniston's restaurant which is lovely. The breakfasts were excellent and nicely served. We did have tea in the lounge (but only tea, not the full works of sandwiches and cakes which we saw some people tucking into!)One thing that pleased me enormously was the free internet access provided at a computer next to the spa. I am still amazed that they took the trouble to call me (in Switzerland) to tell me that my room choice had been changed. AND that the room rate for the two nights was the rate for the lower grade room, even when we were in the suite. I had assumed that the second night we would be charged for the de luxe room, but we weren't.I love the way this hotel is run, and I also really like the neighbourhood. It is nice to have the park across the street, and the tube station is close by as well.	
Jun 26 2006	Love this hotel and can't wait to return!	This is one of the best small hotels we have ever stayed at anywhere. We stayed with our teenagers in one of the 2 bedroom apartments. It had a kitchen and a washer and dryer. It was beautiful! The staff is outstanding and the concierges could not have been more helpful. This hotel was a joy to come back to every afternoon after long hot days of sightseeing. We have so much more to explore in London and we will look forward to staying here again.	
Jun 23 2006	We LOVED the Milestone!!!	I recently stayed at the Milestone Hotel in London, having won anauction for the stay on luxury link. The trip was a weekend &quot;girl's weekend&quot; on the eve of my brother-in-law'swedding; the three hotel guests were me, my mother-in-law and thebride-to-be. I wanted this to be a special weekend, so I looked for a nice package on luxurylink.(--) that included extra treats like high tea and a full breakfast, as both of which can be very pricey in london.The package was for 2 people, but I called ahead and was told it would be okay to have a third person, but there would be a 30 pound fee for an extra bed, and I would have to pay for the third breakfast and tea separately. Upon arrival, however, they indicated that they had, instead of adding an additional bed, decided to upgrade us to a 2 bedroom, 3 bathroom apartment, and that they were upgrading us for no additional cost. In addition, breakfast and our high tea were similarly apportioned for 3 with no additional cost.The room was incredibly quiet, and all appointments top notch. Feather down pillows and duvets, full marble jacuzzi tubs, rain showers, a washer dryer, fabulous kitchen, wonderful balcony, great toiletries, and even nightly canapes brought to our door. It was a perfect experience. I wouldn't hesitate to stay at the milestone again and again.	
May 30 2006	Loved the Milestone	We stayed for five nights to celebrate silver anniversary and birthday. We had booked through the Leading Hotels of the World website way in advance and got a decent rate that included the continental breakfast.The reception and concierge were very helpful and friendly. When they showed us the bus stop they actually went outside the hotel to point me in the right direction. They hung up the phone when I approached to ask a question.The room was very lovely, with a canopy bed, small table with 2 chairs and a desk. It had a good size closet. The bedroom was a few steps up from the entrance and the bathroom was level with the entrance. The bath was old fashioned and lovely. Every night they lit a candle in a water-filled bowl by the bath tub, and there was a different treat every evening on the pillow in addition to the radio being turned on. There were robes and slippers, magnifying mirror and hair dryer. The only negative would be the smoke odor. We had requested a non smoking room, but it smelled faintly of smoke and there were ash trays in the room.The first evening when we arrived we received a wonderful berry-cream cake, and chocolate covered strawberries for our anniversary. It was absolutely lovely.The work out room seemed nice. We never used them since we were walking miles every day, and my spouse ran in the Kensington gardens across the street.The continental breakfast was included in our price. It was a very generous breakfast. I had expected toast and coffee, as another poster mentioned, but they had different juices, including fresh squeezed orange juice, ham, cheese, fresh fruit, yoghurt, bread and sweet rolls in addition to toast and coffee and tea. They offered Cafe au lait. Service in breakfast room was formal. We stayed there 5 nights, and every morning they would ask us if we wanted coffee or tea. Perhaps the wait staff has been told to do so, but I thought it strange that they did not figure out that we wanted black coffee after a few days, being that the hotel is very small and we had the same wait staff most days. They were busy, so we had to wait for coffee and juice on a few occasions, which is fine for a romantic get away, but tries your patience if you are a sight seeing tourist, with an agenda for the day.We saw business people, couples and families there. I would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 21 2006	Excellent	We stayed at the Milestone last year and have already rebooked our next visit for May this year. We had an excellent stay the service was second to none and the rooms were lovely. Recomend this hotel to anyone who wants fantastic accomodation.	
Feb 24 2006	Great birthday	My husband arranged for me to spend my 50th birthday at the Milestone.It was fantastic.The staff couldn't do enough for us and made my stay there very special.Ideally situated for a good shopping spree and our room overlooked Kensington Palace.On my birthday the staff arranged a beautiful fresh cream birthday cake (and they let me take most of it home) and a bottle of champagne.I cannot state how great my stay was and it's true you get what you pay for.Worth every penny	
Jan 5 2006	worth a stay	Went to the Milestone for our tenth anniversary this October. It is actually a beautiful and charming inn. We had a lovely room with a good view of the Kensington Palace grounds. It has a real Dickens/old english feel which we were after.The hotel is kept in excellent condition. Everything worked. The street noise was not bothersome. The room was quiet and sumptous. Staff were also generally friendly. The concierge went out of his way to book restaurants and a show for our stay. In fact the concierge service is the best I have ever encountered and we do travel widely.On the minus side the hotel is small, in just about every way. The restaurant while fine at breakfast would be a little cramped at dinner. I do not recommend the bar for the same reason. In addition it is a little out of the way. A tube station is nearby (5 min walk) but we were late for dinner one night when the doorman could not, despite his best efforts, get us a cab for 30 minutes. Also the staff tended to amuse themselves in the bar, after their shift, which was much too small to accomodate them and the paying quests.If it is charm and an authentic experience you are after I recommend it. It is not a five star resort or business hotel. It is also not for young children.Finally one grumble. When I booked I specifically booked a continental breakfast, which we received each morning. I later discovered we were charged the same rate as the full english breakfast. A little steep for toast and coffee. Beware when booking.	
Sep 14 2005	Made a Very Special Day Sublime	September 3 2005 and the most fabulous day of my life - my wedding day. We had to change our plans at short notice and decided to get married in London with just a few guests. The Milestone had been recommended and I was delighted to find out that it was available. We visited the hotel quietly to check out the decor, food and the service and found all 3 to be faultless. We arranged a meeting with the functions manager, Stefan, who could not possibly have been more helpful and we were able to hand almost everything over to him to arrange. Babysitters for the guests' children, hairdressers, early check in, 3 choices of food for each course, flowers,decor etc etc; it was all handled by Stefan with the greatest aplomb. Nothing fazed him and his suggestions proved invaluable to us. He recommended the wine and we were very impressed that he did not choose the expensive wines but those that complimented the food (the wines were universally favourably remarked upon). All seemed perfect and so we took a deep breath and asked for an estimate of the cost. Unbelievably good; in fact we still can't believe it even after having paid the bill. As a very special &quot;extra&quot; the hotel gave my new husband and I an upgraded room (as it was available) and what an upgrade! What a room! 2 floors and absolutely beautifully decorated. With our own butler, Pedro. It was the perfect start to our married life..... The hotel staff made me feel like a real princess (but then every guest at the wedding said the same) waving me off when I left for the church and the next day on my honeymoon. They joined in the fun (where appropriate) and there was nothing but smiles from them all day.The room was all decorated in gold and cream, candles, crystal and white flowers and looked magical (thank you Mr Marly). The food and wine were perfect and everyone got what they asked for. Service was immaculate and very accommodating as we had speeches at random times through out the meal.It just couldn't have been better and so many of the attendees said that they would be staying there again or would hold meetings there. Thank you to all the staff for making our day so perfect and we look forward to seeing you again soon to thank you in person. For any engaged couple who are looking for a special reception venue for 30 or so guests in London, please do consider this wonderful hotel!	
Aug 30 2005	Unsurpassed service/excellent location	We had lived in London for six years, in Kensington and were returning to visit friends before we moved to Shanghai as well as celebrating our 30th Anniversary. A lot of people elect to stay in the expensive hotels on Park Lane in Mayfair but the Milestone is a gem of a hotel, a listed building, both inside and outside, with staff that go out of their way to take care of your every need. Further, it has character and a limited number of rooms unlike some of those 100+ room hotels.Breakfast is a bit expensive and if you know your way around, can be found at less than half the price for a short walk. That being said, you can have formal afternoon tea, single malt's in the bar and the dinner at Cheneston's is quite good. The latter, for London, is not outrageously expensive. It's all very convenient for those who don't want to wander out.The location is good for Notting Hill, Kensington, the West End and most sights you might want to see in London and Kensington High Street Underground station is a 5 minute walk and bus service to most points is likewise convenient.My wife loved our stay. In fact, she'll be using the Milestone as her London hotel when she swings by on the way from Shanghai to Boston.We travel a lot for pleasure and I travel a lot for business. This hotel's one to book.	
Aug 29 2005	We Love the Milestone!	We stayed at The Milestone from Dec. 23, 2004, through Jan 2, 2005. I found the service impeccable. The food was British- we Americans must over-season everything- but High Tea was fabulous and the bartender from Italy makes GREAT drinks! We celebrated Christmas in one of their aparments, and they even put a small tree up for us! Christmas brunch was excellent. All of the concierge's recommendations were wonderful. I have recently entered a sweepstakes where the giveaway is a 4 night stay at The Milestone, and I can honestly say the only reason I bothered to enter was to get to go back and visit this lovely hotel!	
Aug 6 2005	Terrific service excellent location	We stayed at the Milestone for two days prior to taking a cruise from Southampton. From the moment we arrived the personal attention was outstanding. The room as one would expect from an older hotel were on the small size when compared to what Americans are used to. But the room was wonderfully appointed and the bathroom was actually quite large. There are lots of nice little touches as well.The lobby and public areas were charming. The breakfast was very over priced and quite ordinary. The lounge was a terrfic spot to relax after a busy day. The location is close to the Tube (Circle and District Lines) and the neighborhood is very nice and upscale. The Palace gardens are a great place for an early morning run.All and all I highly recommend the Milestone for any one who seeks a smaller property with world class service and a Central London location.	
Jul 8 2005 	One of my favorites in London	I travel to London on business almost every month and the Milestone is &quot;my&quot; hotel.There are three main reasons why I stay at the Milestone: great staff and personalized service; unique, comfortable rooms; and proximity to Kensington Park (just across the street). They've got a cozy bar with a friendly bartender and the food is good as well (although expensive). Compared to the large, impersonal hotel across the street with small, kennel-like rooms that are mostly alike, the Milestone is a real gem.Is it perfect? No. The Milestone doesn't tolerate wild swings in temperature very well. The heating and A/C system doesn't handle high highs and low lows (I've had to request a space heater and a fan during stays there) but I'm willing to put up with that for all of the other benefits. Note to management: how about a new system sometime soon!Kensington High Street offers a broad range of shops and restaurants, it's a great place to walk around and having the park across the street is a bonus. The gym at the Milestone was recently refurbished and while small, has a treadmill, bike, free weights, etc and also one of those pools in which you can swim against a current (I haven't used the pool but swimmer friends say it's great).I am a real, live business person and I genuinely like this hotel! I just stayed there three weeks ago. I had gotten sick and needed to have a prescription filled; after the Boots down the street couldn't do it, the hotel sent one of their people in a cab to a 24-hour pharmacy and got my scrip filled. That's a perfect example of why the Milestone is such a great place to stay.Since I've never paid 700 pounds to stay anywhere in my life I can't comment on an earlier poster's experience with his ultra-posh room but if you're looking for a friendly, homey place to stay on business, give the Milestone a try. It might be a bit expensive for vacationers but if you want to splurge a little and have a great location, I'd definitely recommend it.	
Jan 12 2005	Perhaps suitable for Mr. Average but disappointing for selective guests	As a connoisseur of 5 star hotels worldwide, and a marketing specialist, I know quality. In my opinion, attention to detail is what makes a hotel memorable or forgettable.. There were several disappointments at this hotel, however the staff are absolutely superb, and were very accommodating.Whilst the suite itself was sumptuously decorated, (Prince Albert Suite) and very suitable, there were problems one after another.I had called ahead an hour before to let the concierge know my flight had changed and I would be arriving earlier, to please re-arrange the chauffeur and suite. When I arrived, tired and cold from a very shoddy flight, I was asked to wait, as the room was not ready. I was gracious, not wanting to be a bother, however I was still waiting an hour and a half later. They had offered me a glass of water on arrival, and when I came out of my beautiful but chilly waiting area to ask for more water, I couln't believe they asked me to sign for it. They were charging me 4pounds for a bottle of water, whilst they kept me waiting! It's not the money, it's the principle.I finally got to the room, it was very small for a 'suite' (more like a large room) but absolutely impeccably designed, lovely, I couldn't wait to sink into bed. I ordered some food - it was nice but not what I had asked for. I was too tired, ate &amp; slept. The next day, unpacking, I saw the safe was not working. I reminded myself to call someone before I went out. (they ended up having to replace the whole safe door - how long had it been since someone stayed in the suite?!) Then later I looked over and saw the gas fire had put itself out - god knows how long I had been breathing in gas! It was about 5am, I called housekeeping, but they are apparently only in from 9am-5pm... the reception came up and tried to re-ignite it but couldn't.. 700 pounds a night, this.. This particular suite is on the first floor, so traffic is heard, which I occasionally find comforting, but not when 3-4 times a night the sounds are loud sirens.. Terrace doors and windows should be updated and double-glazed for noise prevention.Finally, in the morning, I picked up the phone beside the bed, the one I'd used earlier for the fire problem, and it was just not working, no dial tone, for no reason. I jiggled the connections and tried again, nothing. I called reception from the bathroom. When I explained the problem, I was asked &quot;do you want it fixed now?&quot; in a tone that clearly said 'do you expect help at this hour?' Admittedly, it was about 7am, however I'm not sure what I was expected to do until it was more convenient?The room was entered by tradesmen through the day for Xmas decorations to be removed from the terrace outside, which I had been told about the day I arrived. It did not interrupt my work, and I didn't particularly mind, but I don't see why they couldn't do it before I came or after I left, I was only booked for 4 days, or surely they could have arranged this whilst I was kept waiting 1.5hrs on arrival?Again the food I ordered with specific instructions did not arrive to my request, it was obviously a standard order with none of the exceptions I had requested.I told the concierge I would be checking out early, he came up later and apologized profusely, and persuaded me to stay. However as the night wore on, I found I kept jumping awake from sirens, and in fear of the fire going out again, and potentially being gassed to death! I could not sleep and had to turn the fire off to relax. What was the point of paying for an expensive suite with an open fire?The staff were very gracious about the whole thing, but unless you're staying for a very short time (a day or two) I would probably skip this one. It apparently won an award for 'best hotel in london'- I saw little sign of that. It is perhaps the best *decor* in london, and perhaps a chance at the friendliest staff, but NOT the best hotel. I have moved to the Dorchester, where everything is available 24 hours &amp; all the appliances work (so far!).For the average person, this boutique-style hotel will probably impress. It has a non-existent facade, the entrance is straight off the street, and the lobby is tiny but warm, with a lovely decor throughout. It is an old house and stables, converted nicely, but for the very selective, accustomed to only the finest, premium quality, it is disappointing. Like a young girl - pretty but no real substance beneath to sustain it. I won't stay here again.	
Aug 31 2004	Wow! What a Fantastic Hotel to Stay in	I had been hoping to stay at the Red Carnation's 5* Milestone hotel since discovering the Red Carnation chain some 18 months ago. I have to say that it was well worth the wait. From the Door Men to the waitress serving breakfast, the service is sublime, couldn't be faulted and nothing was too much trouble.The room - wow what a view we had of Kensington Palace Gardens, the view was worth the supplement. Even overlooking a busy road, there was hardly any noise from the outside traffic. The room was decorated in keeping with other RCH hotels, rich use of curtains and fabrics, antiques and lovely pictures, all gave the room a sense of style. The Air con was working fine, although a little bit noisy, but we didn't need to keep it on overnight. I found the bathroom a little disappointing when compared to the Chesterfield and Rubens bathrooms (two of the other Red Carnation hotels), but it was functional and the toileteries more than made up for an ageing bath!We had afternoon tea here, an absolute must, the scones were delicious, whilst our evening meal was scrumptious. Breakfast is leisurely and eggs are cooked your way, not the hotels way!!The turndown service is just divine, they leave you little presents on your bed to take home to remind you of your stay.On check out we were given bottled water to ensure we were hydrated on our journey back home. How very thoughtfulAll in all, perfection and the stay totally exceeded my expectations. I can't wait for a return visit.	
Jul 20 2004	Perfect!!	We stayed in the Milestone apartments; which are a part of the hotel. The rooms were beautifully finished and appointed. The hotel is in a wonderful part of London. The service at the hotel is fantastic with Peter Davies and his wonderful staff of concierges willing to help with anything.	
Jul 10 2004	Loved The Milestone Hotel	I have just returned from London where I happily stayed at The Milestone Hotel. This deluxe establishment has an extraordinary location across from Kensington Palace. It is a classic and handsome Victorian red brick building. The Milestone is a small, elegant, luxurious hotel with a top notch staff and a fine restaurant and bar. The cooking is the very best. The rooms are filled with handsome details and done in top residential quality. The Milestone offers peace and quiet, great personal service and attention to details rarely seen today. I would highly recommend it to the discerning traveler.Warmly, William Tomicki	
Jun 24 2004	Simply Charming	My wife and I went to London for a long weekend and stayed at the Milestone. We like the group (LSHW) and the tripadvisor reviews convinced us. We weren't disappointed at all - except perhaps with the bill! Wow! Still, the rooms are wonderfully appointed, the bathrooms are simply awesome (candles, ivy) and the breakfast is very good (though the coffee could be stronger and/or refills more frequent). Helpful, friendly staff were very eager to please, but respected our privacy. All in all, a very nice little hotel with a cozy atmosphere and a very good location. 	
Jun 19 2004	Outstanding Experience	After much research in the pricey London hotel market, I settled on the Milestone and stayed there for 5 nights in June to attend the Chelsea Flower Show and visit London with my mother. Having stayed at many of the best hotel around the world, I can honestly stay that this met and in some respect expected my very high expectations. From the service, to the location (across Kensington and close to the tube), to the amenities, and the general ambiance of a small boutique hotel. It is a bit pricey but clearly attention to details is there at all times. Service at the breakfast small room was not on par but the food was fine. If you like small hotels, great service, value small details and enjoy being pampered this is it - I stayed at the Montague for a night on my way back from Paris to California via London, another redcarnation hotel, and was disappointed having been spoiled at the Milestones. I think the experience (hotel included - very civilized) changed by French mother's mind about the Bristish! 	
Jun 3 2004	Small but fantastic	Just left the Milestone, stayed there for one night. Fell in love with the place the moment we walked into the hotel. The rooms are small, but last time I checked this was London? We had a great room overlooking Kensington Gardens, (507) with excellent view of the palace. The service was not noticeable, (which is good) but alway there when you needed it. Ate at the resauraunt, $$$!!! but the food was fantastic, the sevice was great, and was a perfect end to our vacation. This was a fantastic oasis in a hectic city of london. I cannot wait until we go back to london, and without a doubt back to the Milestone!!!	
Jun 3 2004	Great location helpful staff	We spent 3 nights at this superbly located hotel. We booked through Expedia for 1,000US$. The room, though small, was very elegantly decorated and the staff was always keen to help and give suggestions. Ther hotel is walking distance form High Street Kensington tube station and opposite Hyde park which was great for jogging in the morning. 	
Jun 1 2004	Faulty Towers Revisited	This hotel may try to provide service, but fails dismally!We had nothing but problems from the moment we checked in to their minute apartment that you can barely stand up in.The only thing this hotel is close to is Kensigton High Street - which they forget to tell you is a main street so if you are looking for peace and quiet - try another hotel.This hotel is far from central anything. If you are looking for a 5 star hotel - forget about this DUMP!!	
May 24 2004	Best in London		
May 16 2004	Fabulous service quaint: I give the Milestone 4.5 stars.		
Mar 24 2004	Superb Service		
Mar 24 2004	We Loved the Milestone...		
Mar 20 2004	Service makes it special		
Jan 22 2004	London Special Offers		
Nov 17 2003	My favorite hotel in London		
Oct 15 2003	Great Experience--Top Notch		
Apr 25 2003	A Fabulous Hotel		
Apr 1 2003	Excellent Personal Service		
Apr 1 2003	Divina experiencia		
Oct 2 2009 	Tolle Lage - guter Service		
Jun 26 2009 	Te quedarías todo el dia en el hotel		
Mar 28 2009 	Quasi perfetto!		
Mar 14 2009	Toller Service Super Essen und		
Mar 2 2009 	Très beau manoir en plein centre		
