	No recommendation for Hilton	We had booked an executive room for 3 nights Friday - Monday and were given a room facing the interior yard of the hotel which we found nice until we realized that the room was next to an engine room - it was hardly possible to sleep since the hum of the machines was coming through the walls. We had booked a special rate and did not expect the best room in this category but clearly one should be able to sleep without disturbance by noise that is coming from a ventilation system. The bathroom needed renovation and was not 100% clean but was spacious. We asked for another room the next morning and were told to pack our luggage and Hilton staff would move our belongings to the newly assigned room while we were out. When we returned in the afternoon our luggage was still in the old room and we finally moved the suitcases ourselves. The second room was on the 6th floor, on the Terrace Floor, which must have been recently refurbished since the decoration was much nicer than the rest of the floors / rooms. The room was smaller than the first one but quite. However one could hear the guests in the room next door talking in the bathroom. ( and smell they were smoking in the bathroom on a non smoking floor ...) There was only one bathrobe in the room even we were two. We orderd room service, which was average hotel food. When we left for the evening the tray, which we had put outside the room was still there. We returned to the hotel at about 11:30pm wanting to take a night cap at the bar. The first thing the waiter advised, was that the bar would close in 30min. When we asked for a drinks menue he brought the wine list and waited impatiently next to the table. Actually we had wanted some whisky but he never gave us that menue so we finally left not taking a drink at all. Outside our room was still the tray from room service, which was quite surprising since the turn down service had been in the room. The maid was assuming there was only one guest in the room as well. The tray was still outside the room - 24hrs after we had ordered the food - when we came back the next afternoon and some of the leftovers started to smell. There were 4 employees in the room next to us, seems there was an issue with the condition the guests had left it, but none of them removed the tray after finishing the cleaning. When we came back that night the tray had finally been removed and turn down service had realized there were 2 guests in the room. Breakfast in the executive lounge was good but the tables were never really clean and the scrambeld eggs were old and cold. When checking out the clerk did not ask us if we enjoyed our stay neither did he wish us a nice day. The location of the hotel is great but attention to detail is really not a strength of the staff and we did not find them particullarly friendly or helpful. We will certainly not recommend the hotel to friends and I will avoid booking any Hilton for future business and leisure trips.	
	Good to stay at if you aren't looking for the hotel to give you an 'experience'	A good choice of hotel if you want somewhere convenient to stay in Paddington, it is only a few steps away from Paddington tube/rail station. Hotel experience was average, staff fumbled through check in and mood was generally impersonal but who needs that. As a base for exploring London, Paddington is a very convenient tube station well connected to the important lines.Room was spacious given it was in London, the decor dated and the room smelt of cigarette even though it was supposed to be non smoking. Internet access was expensive, but internet cafes dot the surrounding streets. Overall, good to stay in if you arent looking for the hotel to give you an experience.	
Nov 23 2009 	Good location wonderful staff	Good location and a wonderful staff. The room I had was actually larger than those found in other hotels in the area, and was very well appointed.	
Nov 9 2009 	Average experience.	Stayed for two nights over weekend. Hotel is very convient to the paddington rail station which is why we chose it. Room we got was not that large and nothning special but had a bath. Excellent for babies!Had dinner at the hotel on the first night. Buffet. Food average but plenty of it if you are hungry. Service fast.Breakfast was pretty standard. My husband complained tasted like it was going off. Baby agreed.Would stay again for the location but all the bits don't add up to make an excellent hotel.	
Nov 7 2009 	Nice Hotel but not exceptional	This hotel is in a fantastic location right next to Paddington station / Heathrow Express. The staff were for the most part friendly and helpful. The rooms are large, spacious and extremely clean. The breakfast in the Executive Lounge was superb and the hotel's location so close to Oxford/Regent Street was ideal.On the down-side - the shower was dreadful - one minute lukewarm then 2 seconds later (when you're under it) literally scalding hot. On the Saturday night as I was preparing to go out there was no hot water and when I called reception I was rudely told there were no technicans available and the earlier it could be addressed was Sunday morning which I found really unacceptable. With the prices per room I would expect any big problems like no hot water to be immediately remedied. The mini-bar is also exorbitantly over-priced - if you need water or snack I'd recommend using the M&amp;S which is just next to the hotel entrance!!On a more minor note the tv selection and quality was poor. Many blockbuster movies werent even available in English (despite being advertised in English). I mentioned it to reception but was informed it had nothing to do with them.Overall a nice hotel in terms of decor and layout and esp location, but a bit of a let-down in terms of customer service and small extras.	
Nov 3 2009 	Good location very nice hotel.	The hotels location is very convenient, opposite the tube station, two mintue walk from the train station.We stayed here for two nights and could not fault a thing. The rooms were a nice size, the bed was comfortable, the lobby area was nice. Hotel room service and restaurants were good. All of the hotel staff were pleasant. A little bit expensive but I think it is worth it.	
Nov 1 2009 	Excellent location great rooms great service! Will be back very soon with friends and family!!	We went for a few days away last minute and had a great time staying at this hotel. Fantastic location - we travelled by train to marylebone, which is just two stops away from paddington tube station. We were really pleased to see the hotel right opposite the tube station!! We were welcomed to the hotel by a cheerful doorman. We couldn't check in until an hours time (we were quite early) so went for lunch. About 40 mins later a guy who was working in the lobby area checked us in as he saw us waiting around. We were so pleased with the room, it was a great size, loads of space. It was clean and smelt nice. Everything looked quite new. When we looked out of the window we saw the people in the office just next door - this was a really quiet room which is just what we were hoping for. We were facing another set of rooms, but we would rather this than the road. Bathroom was lovely - towels huge and lots of lovely toiletries. Hairdryer in room was luckily a 'proper' one - not one attached to the bathroom wall. There was a full size iron and board. Loads of wardrobe space and hangers. Bed was huge and really comfy. We had a flatscreen tv. Tea and coffee making facilities were nice. We really could not hear a sound all night until about 8.30 in the morning. We ate in the casino restaurant on the first night - this was fabulous! Gorgeous surroundings and decor. Really clean and staff really friendly. We had a fillet steak with extra veg side and fish and chips. Both came out looking fab - the fish was a fillet proped up with chunky chips, the fillet was a great size covered in pepper sauce. We had around 3 drinks each too. Hotel guests get 20% off too - and altogether our bill came to about £34!!! Fantastic!! Could not fault the food or service - we were very pleased with it - especially the price. Overall - We can't wait to stay here again - hope we get a room just as nice as the one we had this time. We loved the location and how close the hotel entrance was to the station. We will recommend this hotel to everyone!	
Oct 30 2009 	Central London 15 minutes from Heathrow!	Ok, this hotel has had some mixed reviews but I am a very picky Hilton Diamond Member and I picked this hotel because it sits over Pddington Station home of the Heathrow Express train. 30 minutes from the customs hall in terminal 1 to the hotel. The hotel itself is kind of hard to describe. It is an old hotel that Hilton bought and did not put much money into. The staff is very friendly, the rooms are clean, and the location great. There are many markets in the station and in the surrounding neighborhood where you can get very good priced food. There are a few tube lines underneath so you can get around London. All in all if you are looking for a good base hotel this is it. I would not pay to much for it however, I was able to get a Visa 25% off deal for about $140.00 a night which is good for London.	
Oct 25 2009 	very convinient location	My room on the 3rd floor was spacious, clean. Lighting was good, both in room and bathroom. Room was a little worn, as some of the wallpaper had marks or was peeling off. The matrasse was not the newest either, fairly cheap quality. In the bathroom the tub was a little mildewy though and smelled -even the next day- of chlorid cleaner. (So is was probably clean, I did not have somebody making up my room due to the Do not Disturb Sign at the door.) The shower curtain was missing the interior part. Spacious bathroom with plenty of space to place bathroom amenities. The room windows open a little, so you do not have to rely on AC, which was working very well (it was set for cooling, which I did not need). The roomwalls were not too thick, I was lucky that my neighbor did not turn on the TV too loudly. Internet access is very expensive with PoundSterling 15,- per 24h. Check-in staff allowed me into the room earlier. Thank you! Breakfast was of intermediate quality, basically nothing special taste-wise, though the staff working there was very friendly, helpful and service-oriented. The same I can say about the check-in and concierge staff. The selling point was for me the easy access from the airport. Heathrow Express brings you from the LHR airport to the hotel located in the Paddington Station within 20minutes. Underneath/next to the hotel is theTube Station of three different subway lines, one of them the Bakerloo Line, that easily brings you within 15 minutes to the West End...The PA system is definately working. I was lucky to experience it, due to the in London not so unusual evacuation alarm going off at one evening. The hotel appears pretty secure due to plenty of CCTV cameras located at all corners of all ceilings, though elevator access is not restricted by room key cards and the street emergency exits did not close either behind me during the evacuation. However, I would stay again, rather have one fake alarm too many than a real fire. During the evacuation I noticed that my room did not have a safety exit map posted on the room's door.	
Oct 19 2009 	Okey.	It was a okey stay. Since it is a Hilton-hotel I was expecting a bit more than I got. Breakfast okey, room okey, but everytime small things was broken. Like the flush in toilet and AC.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great hotel with perfect location	I stayed in this hotel in October for meetings in London and Thames Valley area. The location is fabulous, it took me 40 minutes from my seat in the plane to reception of the hotel by using the Heathrow Express - everything went so smoothly!! The location of the hotel is perfect, just accross the platform and with easy walking access to major sites of London including Oxford Street.Rooms are spacious, very good housekeeping, beds comfortable. The breakfast restaurant offers wide variety of meals and drinks, staff friendly and attentive to details. Reception staff helpful too.You may find many cheaper options in London, but if you look for good quality hotel with easy access to LHR and good location, Hilton Paddington ticks all the boxes.	
Oct 15 2009 	Convenient location terrible stay	Had to listen to a LOUD party to late night hours - couldn't relax or do work. Reception and guest relations desk was VERY UNHELPFUL	
Oct 6 2009 	£4.50 for a SMALL bottle of WATER!!!	I paid £185 for a double room which was just OK, certainly not worth £185. Breakfast would have been another £22 if I chose to eat there. I went to Marks and Spencers 1 minute walk away and bought a lovely breakfast for less than £5. If you fancy a drink from the minibar, STOP!!! you will be charged £4.50 for a small bottle of mineral water £5!!!! how criminal is that? Suggest pop to Sainsburys 1 mins walk away and buy one for less than £0.50p. No wonder Paris can afford to buy her undies from Chanel.	
Oct 1 2009 	Unique Hilton	Historic, busy hotel, very handy if you're catching the Heathrow Express train. The West End is a bit further afieId. I recall visiting friends staying at the hotel BEFORE it became a Hilton - what an improvement. The bedroom I had was pretty small and pokey &amp; whilst the bedroom was forgettable, the Executive lounge, although a bit small too, was the opposite. Great views, elegant and classy, lovely breakfast, good service too.	
Sep 30 2009 	Great Hotel but too expensive!	The Hilton London Paddington hotel is extremely convenient to Heathrow Airport and to the underground as it is located above the Paddington tube stop. As you exit the tube station towards the Paddington Rail Station look to the left (across from the ticket machines) for the lift which will take you up two levels to the rear entrance to the hotel. How convenient! The Heathrow Express train platform is literally steps from the rear exit to the hotel. Great for getting to/from Heathrow.We stayed in a King Executive Room which was very spacious - the room could of had two king beds in it with space to spare. The bathroom was very spacious with both a bathtub and a seperate shower. The bed was very firm, but comfortable. The hotel was very quiet and the window covering kept the room very dark in the morning. We slept very well. The room and hotel were both very clean.There is a Starbucks in the atrium just outside the rear exit to the hotel. Also, you can get to both the Paddington train station and the tube station without going outdoors. In the train station area there are numerous places to grab a bite to eat and there is a Sainsbury local store which is open until midnight every night.My wife and I would stay at this hotel every time we went to London if the price wasn't so high (about twice what we are willing to pay). We used reward points for this stay and therefore the price was outstanding!	
Sep 28 2009 	Impressive Hotel	This is an impressive hotel in a great location. No problems with the room and the breakfast is very good - something for everyone. Three months after staying there I realised I'd left a pair of shoes - and I've just retrieved them from left property - not bad eh!	
Sep 26 2009 	I stayed in a filthy room at the Hilton Paddington	I had the misfortune to stay in this hotel in 2008. I can honestly say that this is one of the dirtiest 4 star hotels that I have stayed in for a long time. The room that I stayed in was carpeted, and the dirt was visible in the carpet which hadn't been cleaned since it was laid. While taking a shower I tried not to touch the tiles and the shower curtain. I stayed at this hotel when it was first refurbished. All I can say is that it has fallen a long way since it was refurbished, and do not recommend a stay here. The hotels in London tend to be dirty because they do not train their staff, but this one was worse in that respect than others. Others claim that they found the hotel clean. Perhaps they have rooms that meet acceptable standards, but I didn't stay in one. The room service food was expensive and yet mediocre.	
Sep 26 2009 	Excellent stay for a family	Our family of 4 (two teen kids) stayed at the hotel in a deluxe Queen Suite for 2 nights. Location is just incredibly convenient. We took Heathrow Express train from Heathrow airport and just walked into the hotel lobby within minutes of leaving train platform. It was early morning so our room was not ready, however hotel staff asked us to wait in the Executive Lounge. They had very good breakfast served in the lounge and we could see the entire Paddington station from large windows. Very nice place to relax. Room was ready by 11 AM. Excellent room, very clean througout. Staff was very courteous and willing to help us in any way possible, including local directions, names of restaurants, other tips etc. London Underground Tube is right below the hotel, so the location cannot be any more convenient for sightseeing. You don't even need to step outside on the street. Breakfast in the morning was quite elaborate, certainly for us with enough hot and cold choices available - fruits, porridge, choice of breads, croissants, pastries, omelette, juice, coffee/tea etc. Internet access was pretty expensive (GBP15 per 24 hours) so I decided to pass on it. Overall, I give a very high rating to the hotel.	
Sep 22 2009 	Clean and Luxurious but Somewhat Dysfunctional	No one can say that the Hilton isn't clean, pretty, well positioned, or quiet. It is all of these, but it did have very poor water pressure due to a problematic shower hose which only worked when contorted oddly. Also, even when the climate control is set to cool and the fan on high, the room remains extremely &quot;stuffy.&quot; By that I mean that the air feels humid and stale, as did the entire floor. We only stayed for one brief night to be close to Paddington Station (it is connected to Paddington Station), which you can't reach internally in the early morning hours unfortunately. A reasonable value in London.	
Sep 20 2009 	Hotel with lots of conveniences great for sightseeing!	Husband and I stayed here on a trip from the States to see the usual tourist sights. Having been to London before, I know that getting around can be a chore - buses and taxis are available, but some parts of town are really choked with traffic, so it's a good idea to book rail and Tube transit if available. Some of the lines are better than others in terms of connections, etc., so it pays to do your research.As others have noted adequately, this hotel simply could not be easier to reach from Heathrow and I'd be amazed if there are any options even close to it, for ease of traveling into town. We were in our room within an hour of having cleared security, and this was even having stopped for refreshments, bags managed, etc.Like many Hilton guests, I booked the room using points - I had a GLONP2 promotion giving me six free nights in any Cat 5 or 6 hotel in London. (It's a great deal, but a lot of points - check out Hilton's website for details.) As a Gold member, I'm eligible for an upgrade, but don't always receive it at every property. We were offered the option for upgrade, but I asked about Lounge usage, having heard usually Golds don't get it at Paddington. Very helpful, friendly staffer Neil offered to upgrade us to Lounge usage and an Executive room - for £30 a night, or about US$50. As these rooms retail for about US$400, we leapt at the chance. It seems that this is a promotion they'll be running for a while, as there was an advert in the lobby. (Lounge access means free Cokes/bottled water all day, a full breakfast buffet, etc.)The room itself was HUGE by London standards - we had a king bed, a dresser, a full wardrobe - very quiet, and dark. Which was wonderful - so many hotels neglect details like room-darkening shades. The ventilation, which can be a problem in London, was fine. I did bring a small portable fan, but I like a lot of breeze at night. There's an ice machine near the elevator and in a fun touch, a machine that buffs your shoes! Free!The room itself was very clean and had been relatively recently updated - this place isn't one of those ultra-trendy hotels you sometimes find in big cities, but all the basics were covered. Granite counters in the bathroom, new carpet, good lighting throughout the room, etc.We only had a couple of issues - my husband uses a CPAP breathing machine that needs to be plugged in next to the bed. The outlets near the headboard were the old 5-amp style, featuring round pins and not the flat variety common in most of England. (All the others in the room were the three-pin flat style.) We looked for a converter at the hardware store to no avail, and wound up buying a UK-compatible power strip that we ran across the room for the CPAP. Worked fine, since we could also plug our phones, IPods, etc. into the strip with ease.As others have noted, Internet here is VERY expensive - £15 a day, which is US$22 or $23 at current exchange rates, way more than is standard in the States. Yes, there is an Internet cafe nearby, but it's a bit of a pain to walk over there just to quickly check email at night. It'd be nice if the options were a bit less costly.The bed was fairly firm, and it felt like an open-spring mattress - I was worried it would really be awful, but wasn't so bad, especially after a long day of sightseeing when it's easy to sleep! The pillows were generous and there's a nice comforter, so no real issues here. One thing to note - look out if you need to have laundry service. If you miss the 9 AM cutoff, you'll have to wait TWO full days to receive your items - I brought something down at 9:45 and was told it would be 6 PM the following evening before it would be returned. This seems unreasonable for a hotel that caters to travelers. The absolute beauty of this place, though, is the convenience. It's literally right on top of two late-night groceries, a pharmacy, and a dozen restaurants, some featuring coffee stands open late. We particularly liked Costa Coffee and &quot;YO!&quot; Sushi, right outside the door of the hotel into the station. The fish was fresh and lots of variety. (There's a fantastic Indian restaurant, Noor Jahan 2, about a ten-minute walk away - best palak paneer I've ever had, and I've eaten it on three continents.)Not only is the hotel amazingly easy from Heathrow, but it's on three separate Tube lines - handy in case one is closed. One of the lines is Circle, which goes directly to the Tower, Westminster, &amp; London Eye. Bakerloo, the &quot;brown&quot; line, is handy for Harrods, Buckingham Palace, etc. We attended an event at the O2, in east London, and made it in about a half hour on the Jubilee line, transferring at Baker Street. (Do realize the lines stop running at midnight and you need to reach your transfer station by then.)I'd stay here again like a shot, even if I weren't getting an amazing rate from Hilton. The staff was really terrific - friendly, helpful. I'd like to single out the server at the breakfast area in the Executive Lounge for praise - she really went out of her way to ask us about our trip and make us feel welcome. Wish I'd caught her name.We had a great stay and would definitely recommend Hilton Paddington.	
Sep 16 2009 	Worth paying a little extra to stay here	I spent a week in London, and stayed in two budget hotels. They had no aircon, disinterested staff and bad locations. How different to this Hilton. The room was comparatively luxurious, with very nice aircon, mini-bar, ok bathroom (with over-bath shower), and a decent selection of TV channels, which is often over-looked!My only complaint during my stay was relating to the TV as, when I was watching a channel, a Sky Satellite receiver put itself &quot;to sleep&quot; - when I called and tried to speak to maintenance I was lied to by their staff and said it was something I'd done. Even though I explained this was impossible as each room doesn't have a separate Sky box! I then had to speak to a manager and someone went to restart the Sky receiver.I stayed here on a Hilton Hhonors reward stay as a treat before flying back out of London - Ideal hotel for getting to Heathrow Airport. I wish I'd stayed here more nights and paid the £50 extra per night. The hotel is right by Paddington station (British Rail, Heathrow Express and London Underground) and so it well connected. It is in an area with restaurants and shops.My rate included a cooked breakfast which was well-received after a week of cold breakfasts or skipping it all together. The British back bacon was delicious, as well as the Sausages and Baked Beans - I was starting to get home-sick already!My room was quiet (on an internal courtyard) and rather large with a King Size bed. The corridors perhaps need an update but all in all a great place to stay in London.	
Sep 12 2009 	Mediocre facilities and service excellent location	Seven nights on business. Proximity to trains from Heathrow and the Tube is excellent. The staff have been polite but not particularly competent. The room has been at the very low end in its price category--broken bathroom fixtures that have gone unrepaired, staccato bursts of scalding water in the shower, very unreliable internet connectivity (with unhelpful technical support), air conditioning that appears to be disconnected from the thermostat, etc. It is clean and quiet.	
Sep 10 2009 	Outdated hotel but great location	Weekend stopover stay. The only discomfort was that the hotel has seen better times. Room (at least mine) was small and outdated. Not even net curtains, so if the night curtains are open (and you usually want it that way during daytime) you're all exposed...Expensive internet, but nice pool and small but adequate gym.Breakfast impressed me as well did the location, right next to Edgeware Rd Tube station and a few minutes walk from Paddington Station were the Heatrow Express operates from.	
Sep 8 2009 	Very Convenient Location Great Breakfast Large Room	My husband and I spent 2 nights here while on our honeymoon and really enjoyed both the hotel and the location. We flew into Heathrow and took the express train directly into Paddington Station which was extremely easy as the hotel directly adjoins the station. We got there early (maybe 10am), but they allowed us to check-in right then which was very convenient. Also, as my husband is a Hilton Gold member, they upgraded us to deluxe room which was a very nice size (we had a table with 4 chairs and a nice amount of space). The bathroom was also a very nice size (especially by London's standards). They also added their very delicious breakfast with complements to our reservation (I don't know how often they do this, he travels with Hilton a lot for work, so that probably had something to do with it). The breakfast was WONDERFUL. Especially because we had not been expecting it. We were sad that we had to leave too early in the morning on our second day there to enjoy it. From Paddington Station, we easily took the train out to Windsor Castle, and also took the Tube to a number of sites within London. When we left, we had to leave out of Gatwick airport and had been planning on taking the train from Victoria station, but we happend upon a car transfer service across the street who only charged 50 Euro to get there (Gatwick is about an hour outside the city, and a regular taxi charges about 100 Euro, we also confirmed the price with the hotel who told us it would be a little over 100 Euro, as well. Even the train along with the taxi we would have need to pay for at that early hour to Victoria station would have cost us more.) We booked the car service and they arrived promptly and deposited us at the airport without any problems for the agreed upon price. I would highly recommend them (directly across the street from the hotel). Also, their is a handy internet cafe directly across from the hotel, and a pub with nice cold Guiness across the street and to your right. Starbucks adjoins the hotel, as well, if you're looking for a quick shot of caffeine. Overall, we had a great time in London and at the hotel.	
Sep 8 2009 	All in all a very nice stay	We booked the hotel via lastminute.com (same day as arrival in the late afternoon) and got a very good rate.The room was ready and clean when we arrived and was very comfortable, well equipped and had a good size. Staff was helpful and friendly. There are (night)shops, restaurants, pubs all around and the hotel is just opposite Paddington station, so the location suited us perfectly. All in all we had a really good time in the Hilton Paddington Hotel and I would definitely come here again for my next stay in London.	
Sep 4 2009 	A bit rough around the edges for a 4 star	The service was fine as well as the location a few minutes walk from the station. Our room was very small and in need of some repair. All in all an okay choice...but not great!	
Sep 1 2009 	Friendly hotel 	My wife and I came up to London last weekend for our son's wedding and wefound the whole experience of staying at this hotel really enjoyable.The location is great adjoining Paddington station and, because part of the Bakerloo Line was closed due to engineering works during our stay, we found it easy to walk 6-7 minutes to Lancaster Gate on the Central Line.The hotel is extremely well appointed and comfortable with really good size rooms which you don't always find in London and every amenity you could wish for both in bedroom and bathroom. Also, although we were facing on to Praed Street, the double glazing cut out all street noise and air conditioning was perfect. The public areas were bright and clean and there were nice touches of modern combined with traditional design. The Brasserie restaurant was especially nice - bright and modern feel to it and it was a nice touch to be actually shown to our seats for breakfast, to be served very promptly with coffee and juice and then to be asked during the meal if everything was OK. In fact, we encountered nothing but friendly and courteous service from the hotel staff right from the warm welcome at the reception and concierge desks to the very efficient and friendly service in the Brasserie at breakfast. Even when passing in the corridor, staff would greet you with a smile.We didn't take an evening meal in the hotel but the standard of the cooked breakfast was excellent - one of the best hotel breakfasts I have eaten for a long time.  Even the hotel was busy, we still had the sense of being able to relax and enjoy the surroundings.If you are looking for a hotel in central London, we would thoroughly recommend London Hilton Paddington as being a really great and convenient place to stay.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great Location	Great older hotel that is literally attached to the train station and across the street from the Tube. We had to change airports in London, so we made a weekend out of it (36 hours), and a reasonably early departure so we wanted to be right next to the station (the Heathrow Express goes out of Paddington).The concierge breakfast lounge actually looks out on the train station, which is actually really cool.	
Aug 26 2009 	Well Taken Care Of	My family of four recently spent three nights at this hotel. When we checked in at noon, our room was not ready but we were given a temporary room that we could rest in because we were exhausted. When we returned to check in to the room we had booked, Rakesh (sp?) suggested a room that he thought would be more appropriate and took us to see both. He was right and we were very happy in our new room. He seemed surprised at our gratitude and told us he was only doing his job.We found the hotel very comfortable and had no problems with air conditioning, etc. We did experience some noise at night from outside the hotel but it was not enough to affect our stay. We also enjoyed the executive lounge very much. It was great to be able to get breakfast quickly in the morning and it was nice to return later in the day and chat with other travelers. We thought the food was very good and enjoyed it more than the other Hiltons that we stayed at, on this trip through Europe. We were very impressed with Stephanie who worked in the lounge and she even chased us out onto the street to return a camera that my daughter had left behind.This was a great start to our holiday and we would certainly consider staying here again.	
Aug 25 2009 	Unexciting	I stayed here because of its proximity to Paddington Station since I entered London by train to Paddington &amp; I was leaving London on the Heathrow Express from Paddington. A hotel can't be any more convenient to a transportation center than this hotel.I can't think of any other reason I would stay there.The room was spacious &amp; clean but it had one relatively small window looking into other walls and as a result, it felt dark, even on a sunny day.The hotel felt lacking in personality.I waited at the Concierge desk for over 15 minutes to ask for a restaurant recommendation. The doorman took pity on us &amp; offered to help. He sent us to a place that other doormen might like, but it wasn't what we were looking for.I did enjoy its proximity to Hyde Park for a morning walk.Unless you need to catch a train from Paddington, I'd recommend staying at a more interesting hotel in a more interesting neighborhood.	
Aug 24 2009 	*** Dont stay here ***	7 nights stay, Holiday, Air Conditioning Does'nt Work Properly in room,Corridores HOT, HOT, HOTStaff Polite, just SLOW, dont get back to you, Concierge said be at heathrow 1 hour before flight to depart international, WHAT THE ? imagine if we had listened to that,Breakfast smorgasboard the SAME every day, no changes. ( They FRY eggs in 1 inch of fat, WHAT THE ??? )Location Excellent - But Thats All,No ventilation in the bathroom, so enjoy soggy toiletries and moist conditions,HOUSEKEEPING - Daily the very best we have had.In a nut shell, gets uncomforatable due to lack of fresh air / air conditioning, gets frustraiting when staff dont get back to you, the same breakfast daily when you are there for 7 days is horrible, and concierge don't know where or what is going on.Strange I thought this was a HILTONMy wife and I will never stay Hilton again ANYWHERE.Top it off they emptied our minibar at our request at the start of stay and still charged us after we left, no try sorting that out from overseasIF YOU STAY HERE, YOU WILL ENJOY THE LOCATION, THAT's ALL/ BEWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 19 2009 	Airport and direct express to bed	After a long flight and large que at immigration, there is no better option then boarding the heathrow direct ( cheaper then express ) and taking the quickest journey to the city, stopping at the only real stop ( no tired confusion ) Paddington station. Taking your luggage for less then 300 yards to the elevator and walking into the lobby of the Hilton Paddington. Where you will be relieved of your luggage and expeditiously given a key to a room with a bed and shower. AHHHHHHH trust me it couldn't be easier.The hotel has a great deal of history and aside fro the carpets and wear and tear on furniture it didn't show it. The beds were okay and the hotel is what you expect from Hilton.Clean well appointed and good tv channels including kids channel and business channel. Resteraunts were good and i do recomend the biz lounge upgrade if its cheap enough. Take your breakfast in the resteraunt though!!!The hotel is on the train station mall area ( no noise in our courtyard view suite ) and across the street from the london metro ( only way to get around ) many resteraunts and bars in nearby area and the adjoining mall/train station.U will see a internet cafe across street from hotel and they have a wireless internet stick u can rent for 1/3 the price of hotels rippoff internet rates.The queen suite although the layout is not the most practical has 2 bathrooms and has lots of space for a family.The staff worked very hard to please and i was very impressed with the service.As we had the hilton 2 for 1 sale the value for money with breaky and biz lounge was unparalled and size of room in london made it an even better deal.If u get a good price i highlly reccomend this hotel and as we loved the door to door convenience so we will return regardless of price ( within reason )	
Aug 19 2009 	great hotel with a great location	I chose this hotel because of the location and easy access to Heathrow. The room was gorgeous, spacious and with all conveniences except the internet. This would be my first choice if you know you are going to Heathrow.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great Service	I dropped in on my way home in the north and was plesently surprised by the value for money this hotel offered. The service was great and the beds comfortable. I will be back	
Aug 12 2009 	Excellent value for what we paid but keep your eyes open!	We got 2 rooms at a &quot;2 for 1&quot; deal at 100 GBP each.The rooms are not large, but very comfortable and very clean.The breakfast downstairs is outstanding, everything you dream of.This hotel is all about location!! We flew in to London at a late evening cheapest flight from Dublin, so it was just awesome to get into the Heathrow Express, get out after 15 minutes, then just walk into the lobby and then into the room. After 3 days, just the reverse on the way home. No taxi, no hassle no tagging along luggage (there is a free luggage chart on the train ramp).Unfortunately, there is no express check-in. We waited long in line at 11 PM. Only one receptionist worked, while 2 others make themselves busy with some damned paperwork staring blankly to us, the customers from time to time.The rooms had a mini-bar with a minuscule space to put your own stuff like a yogurt and a funky &quot;hi-tech&quot; warning that removing just moving the hotel supplied drinks will get you billed.So, we took the greatest care not to quake shake soda and and beer bottles, nevertheless got charged 16 GBP for nothing. The bill was erased at check-out without a fuss (the clerk seemed familiar to the &quot;high-tech&quot; system quirks, but that meant another standing in line at check-out. For some hidden reason, the receptionist could not correct the bill the day before, when I discovered the overcharge, neither were we given the usual pre-dawn bill, usual at U.S. Hilton properties, so I really do not get the meaning of the ubiquitous express &quot;check-out&quot; box at the reception desk.Wifi is offered at 8.5 GBP and business-center computer access at 8.5 GBP per hour, a real rip-off. Do yourself a favor and cross the street to the nice Internet caffe operating until 10 PM that offers you computer access at 2 GBP/hour.Fortunately, the concierge desk will let you access the computer for simple surfing, like airline check-in and boarding pass printing or finding the bus to wherever you want to.Ask the concierge also for the free London map. Besides getting oriented, you'll get discount coupons to some tourist attractions!	
Aug 4 2009 	impressive hotel in fab location!	Stayed for 2 nights in room 529 on 2 nights for the price of 1 deal. Executive lounge looks over the sation so great place to people watch. Took breakfast in the lounge on the 2nd morning rather than the restaurant. Waitress there was 'Steffanie' and she was so pleasant to everyone and nothing was too much trouble. You could have poached eggs there or whatever you wanted as if it was in the main restaurant. Didnt go to the casino or the night club below but the opportunity was there if you wanted to go. DONT HAVE PRINGLES FROM THE MINIBAR UNLESS YOUR PREPARD TO PAY £4.49 FOR A SMALL TIN!! And there was a dirty tray outside our door for most of the duration of our stay. Overall a very good hotel though.	
Aug 3 2009 	Good location and Good Value	Stayed for 1 night in August, great location with 2 tube stations located directly outside and Paddington mainline station accessible from the hotel, so you are 5-10 minutes from central London. Very clean rooms, ample size for the price but breakfast is a bit pricey but there are plenty of other options in the station. Parking is available onsite for £20-30 a night.	
Aug 1 2009	Convenient and comfortable	Using points we stayed one night in the Hilton London Paddington before our return flight from Heathrow. We know London well, and were a bit leary of staying here because the area around the station is not the most interesting. Nonetheless, there is no shortage of taxis or buses available at the doorstep. This hotel is located above the rail station, and is easily accessed from the street or via an escalator from within the train station (where the Heathrow Express also leaves from -- a mere 15 mintues to the airport)For a railway hotel, it certainly exceeded our expectations. Not only were the rooms clean and well-appointed, the beds were very comfortable and the room huge (by UK standards) The room service was prompt and efficient, while the front desk and concierce were on top of things. Our only gripe was with the internet, as I spent over 1/2 hour with the outside vendor on their help-line not once but twice to get the internet working. After numerous resets from the ISP end, we were finaly able to use the internet, though it was terribly slow. Do check your bill on checkout, as we were charged twice for the same usage. The charge was removed from our bill with minimal fuss. For just about anything you could want -- drinks, bank machines, flowers, newspapers, luggage, clothing, sandwiches, sushi -- just head into the Paddington station downstairs and it's all right there without ever having to go outside! Great place to spend the last night or if you have an early flight out, but don't want to give up a night on the town the night before.	
Aug 1 2009 	Superbly convenient although pricey	Recently took a trip with my wife and 2-yr-old son.PROS=====Transportation convenience cannot be beat. The hotel is directly connected to the Paddington station (both train and underground). It's 15 minutes between Heathrow and Paddington on the Heathrow Express, every 15 minutes. The Bakerloo, Circle, Hammersmith &amp; City, and District lines all stop at Paddington. You can walk from the hotel to the tube/trains without going outside. Just a great convenience.Because the hotel is connected to Paddington Station, the station amenities are great, especially if you're traveling with children. Most importantly, there is a pharmacy and two grocery stores (one open from 6am to midnight), which was great -- we made a couple of emergency late evening runs to get supplies (diapers, fruit, milk) without ever having to go outside. There are several cafes to grab quick bites. A WHSmith bookstore, ATMs, currency exchange, medical center, and more. Having a toddler, we really appreciated the convenience.The rooms are nice, large, and well-lit. Standard high-end chain rooms. While the lobby is always bustling, the living floors are pretty quiet.The hotel's location is a plus too. It is only a 10-minute walk to Kensington Gardens, which is great for little kids. There's a playground right at the entrance closest to the hotel. The Diana Memorial fountain and playground (fantastic!) are also short walks further. You could spend several days exploring the parks (Kensington + Hyde). If you have kids, definitely go to the Diana fountain (kids can splash around in it) and the Diana playground (very fun!).Lots of restaurants in the area, including some hidden gems.CONS=====It is very pricey. We used our Hilton points to stay, but on previous business trips, I recall the rate being quite high (GBP ~200), even with the corporate discounts. The breakfast buffet, while very good and extensive, is GBP 20 per person -- quite pricey (as mentioned above though, there are several cafes just steps away).Going along with the pricey theme, the internet service is GBP 15 per day (ouch!).The hotel is not in central London, so getting to many of the central attractions (e.g. museums) is somewhat of a hike (a ~15-30-minute tube ride away).	
Aug 1 2009 	Not good	Stayed here for 2 nights in King Junior Suite in july 09, breakfast included. Got a good deal but still it's not worth the money. And it's a shame that internet isn't included in the price in this kind of room.Have stayed at Hilton Paddington before, in a much cheaper room (deluxe I think) and that is more value than this suite. I would have booked deluxe room again if I knew that King Suite is not actually so much different than deluxe room (only a little bigger). And it's higher ceiling in the deluxe room! I would prefer a sofa in a suite, this had only 2 chairs. The bed could have been better too. Pillows were to hard and big for my taste.The bathroom was small and I could hear the neighbour very good. It was windows in the ceiling with electric sunshade! (why?). And only 2 of 4 sunshades worked. Deluxe room had no windows in the ceiling, that was much better. And in the morning (with the sunshade down) I still got much light in my eyes. Not a good way to wake up.I came to the hotel at 2 pm and asked for an early check in. Yes, the lady said. But ofcourse she had to check first if it was available. It was not. She said it was done in about 1 h. So I waited in the executive lounge. I went back 50 min. later and she said that the room was almost ready and she said that I could wait in the lounge and the key would be delivered to me. That was nice, but did it happen? NO! After waiting for 40 min I went to the desk and the room was ready. The lady I spoke to was not there, so I couldn't complain to her. This is not good service, Hilton!Later that day I ordered food from the roomservice. It was fast and food was good. I set the tray outside my room after eating but I forgot the door. So there I was, with no key and standing outside my room. I found a telephone outside the elevator in my floor so I didn't go far. I talked to the staff and told them to send someone up and help me open the door to my room because I have locked myself out. But that was not so easy! They didn't do that because they didn't know that it was my room! But isn't that easy to check? After some discussion they said they were going to send a guy up to me. I saw the maid and asked her to open the door, but she couldn't do that. I stood there with no shoes and no socks! But no, she wasn't sure that this was my room! I could show her the passport when we got inside, but no. And she was gone. One other maid walked passed me and I asked again, but no. No help. After 20 min., finally the guy came up. He started to ask questions again and he said they usually don't open door for strangers because they didn't know it was my room. There I stood with no socks and shoes! I told him that I could show him my passport, give him my name, open the safe ( I have the code!). He didn't answer that but finally he open the door and left.I think this is very unprofessional. I didn't eat breakfast in the executive lounge. It was much more food to choose from in the &quot;ordinary&quot; breakfast-room.Hilton Paddington is very close to Paddington Station. I took the train from Heathrow to Paddington and only a few minutes after I got off the train I was in the Hotel lobby. Do take the Heathrow Connect train, not the express. Connect is much cheaper and it's only 10 minutes slower than Express.Like:roomservicelocationbig balconyvery close to Paddington stationDislike:unproffessional staffvery expensive internet and pay-tvKing Junior Suite not worth the money even at discounted rateKing J Suite not so much different from a deluxe roomsmall bathroomI could hear the neighbour goodwindows in the ceilinglow ceilingbedThis was my second stay at Hilton Paddington, and I would prefer some other hotel next time.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location - for West London or Heathrow	The Hilton Paddington is very definitely one of the best Hiltons in the UK and one of the best hotels in London. It is a hotel that I regularly use both for a base in West London and also as an overnight stay when I am flying from Heathrow. With the Heathrow Express, I prefer this hotel when I am flying out of Heathrow to the Hilton Heathrow; the Heathrow property only really works if you are flying out of T4 in any case – pity that HEx is so expensive – I don’t know how they justify the fares – but that’s BAA/First Group not Hilton!Check-in/out is always friendly and efficient. If you arrive early or depart late the friendly concierge staff have an efficient system for luggage storage.The rooms are large and spacious and the art décor fixtures and fittings are a period reminder of the hotel’s history. The tea and coffee making facilities are always well stocked (why do some hotels give you so little milk?) and there is a coffee filter machine which is a considerable improvement on the usual instant coffee provided in hotels in the UK. Bathrooms are standard for Hilton in the UK, although the bath tubs are a little on the short side. There is a large safe in the wardrobe to secure laptop, documents, etc; however on a few occasions I have found these in need of battery replacement which ought to be spotted when the rooms are checked.A few minor niggles about the rooms. Many of the bathrooms suffer from poor water pressure and I have had problems with the water being hot enough particularly in the mornings. Some rooms can be on the dark side, but that is the nature of the hotel and its position. Some rooms are poorly laid out with electric sockets and it is sometimes difficult to find two outlets to charge laptop and mobile simultaneously. It also seems to be hit and miss whether you get a bathrobe, but one will always be delivered if you call housekeeping. But don’t let any of this put you off.The Executive Lounge, overlooking the station concourse, is one of the best Hilton Lounges in the world with good service, drinks and food throughout the day with a view of the hustle and bustle of the busy London terminus station.The restaurant is not that great; I think the main problem is that it is poorly patronised and therefore lacks atmosphere. Not so the adjacent area which serves coffee, pastries, etc which is always a centre of activity and a nice place to entertain business colleagues. You can order meals in the Executive Lounge and room service is efficient with good quality food but on the expensive side.	
Jul 30 2009 	Very Convenient and Comfortable Hotel	The rooms were very comfortable and large by London standards. Bathrooms also had plenty of room. The hotel is extremely convenient for a short quick stay if you are taking the Heathrow Express, literally in the station. Our son had a broken ankle, crutches and a walking cast so it was perfect for us. The only complaints were the beds had hard, thin spring mattresses that seemed like they were left over from WWII and the internet costs about $25 for 24 hours.	
Jul 26 2009 	Fantastic but pricey	Exactly what you'd expect from a Hiton Hotel. Great for a base because of the fantastic location (inside Paddington Station).The purpose of the trip was a romantic break and the break was amazing - the Hotel certiainly had high standards. We booked on a bed and breakfast basis but thought it was well worth paying the extra £6 for breakfast in bed!	
Jul 25 2009 	Excellent Location  just attached to the Paddington Station	The location of this hotel is the best asset of the hotel. It is just attached to the Paddington Train Station. If you do business in London and have an early flight out of Heathrow then this is the place to stay. It takes you only approx 15 minutes from your room ot the Heathrow Express train. The hotel could really use some fresh-up. Service is ok but not really great. Rooms are average (London) size. Great restaurants and bars around the hotel.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great when travelling via Heathrow	Very busy hotel. Breakfast adequate and friendly staff. Concierge a bit grumpy! Close to Hyde Park and in walking distance to Oxford Street. Would be better if internet was free.	
Jul 20 2009 	Very nice hotel especially convinient if you're travelling to/from LHR	Got a great deal at this hotel - $87 USD on Priceline, booked same day, for two nights. Was quite pleased to have won this one.The hotel is a fairly grand old railway hotel that was fully renovated into a Hilton a few years ago. It is connected directly into Paddington station, and has indoor access to a food court, Boots pharmacy, Marks &amp; Spencer, and Sainsbury grocery store. Just about all you could need (especially travelling with kids).The rooms are great - high ceilings, quiet, and our room had a great view right into the railway station. My nephew loved this feature! Room was a good size for London, with one big double bed, and room for a rollaway (which housekeeping brought up fairly quickly). Beds were typical Hilton comfortable beds, and the bathrooms were a good size. Nice LCD TV too, and a good few wireless signals to choose from. The check-in staff were really the only downfall of the hotel - they just weren't very friendly, and tried to tell me there would be a charge for the room even though I made a pre-paid reservation. I explained that it was pre-paid, which after some discussion with a colleague, was agreed and I was told that I wouldn't be charged. Guess what? On check-out, my bill had a charge for the night. When I went back down to the front desk, the same woman (luckily?) was working, when I explained the situation she rolled her eyes and said she would refund it. Very strange experience, especially since all the other staff - including the concierge, who offered to print our boarding passes for us from his computer, and the friendly housekeeping staff - were all very nice.Overall, the hotel was a great place to stay, despite the minor issues with the front desk. I would stay here again, for this price or even for a bit more if need be. It's just so easy to get around London and to the airport from the hotel. (FYI, we took the Heathrow Connect -- not the Express - from Paddington to LHR. I highly recommend it - though it takes 10 mins longer than the Express and stops a few times enroute, it's half the price of the Express and so much easier than the Tube to LHR. If you're staying nearish to Paddington then take it.)	
Jul 15 2009 	Location Says it All	Apart from the location, this is a pretty run of the mill quality business hotel. But you really can't say &quot;apart from the location&quot; when talking about the Hilton Paddington. Location is the whole thing! Just 15 minutes from Heathrow express train, it's essentially an airport hotel in the middle of the city. Literally the front desk is not more than a 90 second walk from boarding the train to Heathrow. Sure that sounds like it must be noisy, but, trust me, the hotel is a world away. Reminds me of stepping out of the hustle and bustle of the traveling world into the peace of an airport airline lounge. Almost like entering a parallel universe.As far as food goes, we enjoyed dessert and a port at the lounge and the included breakfast in the morning. Both were very nice.It's not likely we would pick this hotel for a vacation destination venue. However, if I were planning a fly in/fly out meeting in London, the Hilton Paddington would be my choice of venue (and judging from the events calendar at the hotel, we would not be alone.) And it certainly will become our hotel of choice in London for the night before a morning departure to America.	
Jul 12 2009 	Finally got a quiet room	I stay at this hotel freqently for business and I finanally found a quiet room. North side, internal facing. First time I was able to leave the window open and get a solid night's sleep.	
Jul 11 2009 	Ok hotel nothing special not quite the value for price good location	The rooms at this hotel are quire large. Well, at least the one I stayed on. I don't think the hotel was the right value for the price. The staff was in my opinnion a bit cocky but I guess that is just typical of London. The location of this hotel is very excellent. Just next to the Paddington station with excellent connections to airport (something like 20 minutes in train) and the tube.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great location and very comfortable!	I stayed here with my boyfriend for one night at the beginning of July as we had came down to watch Blur at Hyde Park followed by a bit of sightseeing the next day. It was a perfect location within 5 minutes walk of Hyde Park and it was also right next to the tube station and train station so great for if you are going to be travelling around London. We got a bargain when booking the hotel and only paid £69 for the both of us as we booked this as a top secret hotel on last minute.com so we definitely got excellent value! The room was immaculate when we went in and contrary to other comments, the air conditioning worked perfectly - it was one of the hottest days of the year when we were in London but the air conditioning was nice and cool. We had room only so I can't comment on the food but we found it to be overall a very good hotel.	
Jul 5 2009 	Not bad at all	My partner and I stayed here for two nights at the end of June 2009. We were a little doubtful about the location as though it was conveniently situated right off the platform of the station we were worried it might be noisy. The room was on floor two and was lovely. It was extremely spacious and spotlessly clean. It looked out over the side of the hotel and was absolutely silent. We couldn't hear a thing and had two lovely comfortable nights sleep. The breakfasts were great and the service good.There was just one downside, we refused an early morning call as we were keen to get some good rest. We were woken at 5.30am by an early morning call and then two further calls. I eventually phoned reception to cancel the repeats. When retiring to our room on the second night I asked receoption to check there were no early moring calls in place and because I couldn't remember my room number was accused ' not being booked in to the hotel'. Even when my booking ws located I received a bit of a frosty stare off the receptionist! Never mind, you can't have everything! Get some customer care training Hilton! I've stayed at many hiltons before and have always received exceptional service.	
Jul 4 2009 	Not that great	Carpets smell musty, no air conditioning, beds are sacked out worn, sink was clogged, no makeup mirror, no vanity mirror for drying or fixing hair	
Jun 30 2009 	Great hotel but not cool	Fantastic location. Hop on the Heathrow Express train and in less than half an hour you're in the hotel! Friendly, helpful staff.Rooms are well-equipped and comfortable.Only one warning, and it applies to only a few days a year in London; it can be VERY hot on warm days. Whilst the rooms appear to have A/C, in fact they don't cool down. Weather prediction for today is 30 and luckily I'm checking out this morning.Finally, a irritation found in most upper-end hotels. Outrageously priced internet service, with the daily rate about THIRTY times more expensive than faster service I get at home.	
Jun 29 2009 	great stay	really pleased with our stay at this hotel-staff very polite-great service,room and location-would definitely stay again especially at the price we paidthe breakfast buffet is also excellent	
Jun 29 2009 	Location Location	The standard of moderate business hotels in London is so poor that it's tempting to rave about this hotel. However, it's winning virtues are really only that it is attached to Paddington station and its basic rooms are huge by London standards. It has a good restaurant as well. The bad news is that it is a bit tired and perpetully crowded. Long waits for lifts, check-in, conceirge assistance and the odd crazy person being shooed along remind you that you are virtually inside a major railways station. Despite the madness, the staff are great and highly efficient, as has been noted by others. My room was amazingly quiet, but it was in an odd little dead end corridor overlooking your standard dirty London courtyard and felt a million miles from the station. Pack some patience and stay here!	
Jun 28 2009 	The Best Hilton Hotel in London !	I have stayed at many London Hotels, and most Hilton Hotels in London, this is without doubt the best Hilton Hotel in London! Hilton Group should ensure that all their staff visit this hotel and then set a training programme based upon the excellent and unpretentious services levels which the Hilton London Paddington brilliant affords its guests. The location of the hotel is most convenient, it is located directly in London Paddington Railway Station, the station has the London Underground Bakerloo Line, Hammersmith &amp; City Line and Cirlce lines directly under the station, these lines give easy access to any point in London. Paddington Station also has a direct train line to London Heathrow Airport, this service is called the Heathrow Express and operates every 15 minutes to and from Heathrow every day and the journey takes just over 20 minutes. The hotel itself is great, as previously said the staff are amazing, they are so professional and pleasent and they can't do enough for you, an absolute pleasure to speak with them. The hotel has a restaurant, bar and a Casino, there is also a fitness centre but we did not use this. If your budget allows I would definitely recommend that you book a King Bed Junior Suite and request a room with Balcony on the 6th floor, these rooms are amazing, the balconies give superb views over the surrounding streets of London and its great to sit on the balcony in the evening with a drink or in the morning with Breakfast from room service. We had room number 654 and this is definitely the best Junior Suite room, it has the largest balcony you could ever have in a London Hotel, I think this room must have once been the penthouse suite, the balcony was split level and had 4 tables each with 4 chairs around them, it also had several sunbeds, it was fantastic to sit on the balcony in the morning with our fantastic breakfast from room service, it truly was unbelievably amazing for a London Hotel. Please note that not all King Bed Junior Suites have a balcony, only the ones on the 6th floor have a balcony, and only room 654 has the very very large balcony. Also, all bookings for Junior Suites gives you access to the Executive Lounge, this lounge gives complimentary alcoholic drinks, canapes and snacks from 630pm to 830pm and you also get free continental breakfast in the lounge. We will be returning to the London Hilton Paddington very soon, we can't wait, and we will hope to get room 654 ! Book your stay at this hotel and you will not be disappointed.	
Jun 23 2009 	Best Hilton Service ever	As a Hilton Diamond VIP member, I wish that Hilton would run every one of its employees through this hotel for training! They were fantastic. I was in a standard room which was huge, as was the bathroom. My only issue was that the HVAC was still in &quot;heat mode&quot; and I was trying to cool the room. When I called the next morning after a hot night, maintenance was up to the room &quot;lickety split&quot; and had it switched over to &quot;A/C mode&quot;. After that, I could have frozen ice cubes in that room if I wanted.I did come in one night and the maid had switched off the A/C (not sure why) so I requested a fan. The next day when the front desk manager saw me walking across the lobby to return the fan, he was right on my heels making sure everything in my room was OK. I explained about the maid and he had the staff note it in my file. When I got back to my room after eating breakfast, the head of housekeeping and the maid were standing outside of my room going over the &quot;list&quot; of my &quot;likes/don't likes&quot;.The hotel runs like a hotel should run. The location is wonderful, with access to major tube lines just downstairs.	
Jun 22 2009 	AVOID the 1st Floor at all costs	I have stayed in this hotel on a number of previous occasions because its location is terrific if you are coming from Heathrow Airport. However I had not realised that I was simply lucky on previous occasions to have escaped the horror which is the first floor accommodation. The windows are not double glazed and front onto a busy street. From approximately 4.30 a.m. there was a unbearable noise from deliveries (bottles rattling etc.), noise of bin removal and revving buses. I contacted reception and they could not have been more unfazed by my complaints. I think genuinely that it is outrageous to charge for overnight accommodation in circumstances where it is impossible to sleep. Very very very disappointed and not a little angry.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great time at the Hilton Paddington	We booked a weekend away and paid for the Hilton with Tesco vouchers. It would have been expensive had we not used the vouchers. The room we booked was Executive however we emailed, prior to arrival, to ask if there was any chance of an upgrade as we were celebrating our 18th wedding anniversary. They upgraded us to a Queen Suite, which had a separate room with a sofa bed for our 16yr old son. Ideal for us. Our bed was huge and extremely comfy. The Executive lounge (which you can go into if staying in an Executive room or above) - we highly recommend, overlooking the commuters at Paddington Station - is a great place to have a complementary drink, or 2, after sight-seeing all day. Alcohol hours are between 6pm and 8.30pm and are accompanied by some hot and cold nibbles.We found all the staff to be extremely pleasant and helpful. The breakfast was great - lots of choice and plenty of it. We went to see &quot;We will Rock You&quot; at the Dominion Theatre which we throughly enjoyed - although it was extremely hot in the theatre, don't know how the cast felt!.Tower of London (Beefeater tour recommended - the guide was extremely entertaining) and the crown jewels are a must see.Enjoyed the London Eye - again extremely hot inside the capsule - but there is a side in the shade if it is a hot sunny day like it was this sunday. Great entertainers around the Eye area as well. The Charlie Chaplin look-a-like mime artist was brilliant.All in all had a great weekend and loved the hotel. Would stay there again.	
Jun 10 2009 	Perfect location. Perfect service.	It's perfect if you fly to Heathrow and then get the Heathrow Express. There's a direct access from Paddington Station to the Hotel. Unfortunately we flew to Gatwick, but Paddington undergraund is in the Circle Line, wich takes you to Victoria Station in less than 15 minutes.Hotel services are excellent, as also the room. Beware of the automatic minibar, which charges automatically every item you touch. There should be no problem as there are lots of signs explaining this in the outer side of the minibar and also inside the door.Concierge service makes you enjoy the full days if you check-in early the first day and don't leave the city until late on the last day.	
Jun 6 2009 	Convenience and luxury	I had a reasonable idea of what to expect from this hotel having stayed at other 4-star properties in London, but this was by far the best one yet - plush public areas, friendly and courteous staff, and somewhat unusually for London, surprisingly large rooms! Mine was a standard double, but had every luxury I needed - flat-screen TV, full en-suite, mini-bar, music system, minibar, ironing board/iron, tea/coffee making facilities (including a coffee percolator!) and air-conditioning.Don't be put off by the fact that it is actually part of the station building - I never once thought that I was anywhere other than in a luxury hotel, and ended up having a thoroughly enjoyable stay - I'd have no hesitation in returning again.Tip - if you go room-only and need breakfast, a good alternative to the hotel is a pub called the Mad Bishop and Bear, which is just inside Paddington station... a full English and orange juice came to just over £5.	
May 30 2009 	very convenient.	A good, international-standard business hotel. No problems, no complaints. Very good buffet in the Executive Lounge for both breakfast and evening cocktails. But the main selling point is that it is only an escalator ride away from the Heathrow trains, which could be worth the earth to a jet-lagged traveler.	
May 29 2009 	Warning don't book a queen suite!	My wife and I stayed here for two nights in May 2009. We chose the hotel due to it's location as we had an early morning flight to catch upon our departure. This hotel's only saving grace is the location. They know that they can treat customers like dirt tonight and still get bookings next week. My guess is that business travelers may come back because of the proximity to the airport train but that leisure guests do not return. We had booked a King Junior Suite. Our flight arrived late on a Friday night. When we checked in we were told, with much fanfare, that we had been upgraded to a Queen Hilton Suite. This was a nice touch and we were off to what seemed to be a solid start! When we arrived in the room it was small, very hot, and had an odd layout. The living room was a windowless interior room with no TV. It did have an awkward tiny half bathroom. The bedroom area was cramped. It had a queen sized bed that was tucked in from wall to wall. There was little room to get in and out of the bed and nowhere to set your suitcases. The windows looked into a light shaft with no view. Was this really one of their best suites as the check in agent had explained? How was this considered an upgrade? I tried to make the best of the situation but after 15 minutes the room had shown no signs of cooling down. I called the front desk. I explained that I would like to be moved back to the king suite that we had booked. The agent was extremely rude. He told me that there was no way he could move me and that we had not paid for that type of room. He then went on a rant about how the King suite was three floors tall and that we would have to pay another $100 pounds to move. I believed that he had misunderstood me so I asked him to look up our booking information. When he looked at the reservation he acknoledged that we had reserved and paid for a King junior suite and so he then changed his statement to &quot;there is no guarantee when you book&quot; and you have to take what is available when you check in. Apparently his manager overheard the conversation and finally jumped in to solve our problem. He immediately offered to move us to another room. This room had a wal of windows that faced the street and therefore was much cooler despite the A/C not working properly. Although it was just one large room there was a sitting area with plenty of room to set our luggage and it was much better. I found some other odd things considering it is a full service Hilton. There was no concierge on duty Friday or Saturday. Our room service order came up ice cold. The mattress was extremely firm with springs poking my wife as she rolled. As previoully stated the A/C was intermittent at best. I urge you to pick another hotel in the area.	
May 27 2009 	Sensational just cool the room down a bit.	Everything was sensational here, staff great, breakfast fantastic, super location only negative the room was stuffy and despite the engineers looking at the a/c it still didnt cool the room down.	
May 22 2009 	Spacious rooms incredible location terrific staff...	I stayed in this hotel in mid-May 2009. If you are flying to London, you can reach the hotel via the Heathrow Express very easily. The train stops at Paddington Station which, as the hotel name implies, is the location of this Hilton. In fact, you can gain access to the lobby directly from the train station. We took a side trip to Bath. The train to that town also departs from the same station. Going anywhere in London is a snap since the famed London subway (&quot;The Underground&quot;) is also entered from the same place. Now, onto the hotel... I've stayed in many London hotels, but this one takes the cake from roominess and cleanliness perspectives. I stayed in a double and both beds fit nicely with plenty of room to spare. The only negative comment I can add is that they still charge for Internet access (Euro 15) for 24 hr. access. These days, most of the nicer hotels provide net access free to their guests. Nonetheless, the hotel was well worth the $$$ and I will gladly stay there again the next time I visit London.	
May 21 2009 	Best Hilton I've stayed at	Perfect location for a solo woman traveler - connected to Paddington Station. I took the Heathrow express train which took 15 minutes, walked to the escalator and I was there. Lots of food and beverage choices at the Station and the hotel restaurant was good too. Free breakfast every morning! I took the Tube or bus everywhere - both just steps from this hotel. I would definitely return.My room was large, very clean and had all the amenities including a soaking tub!	
May 21 2009 	Comfortable 	I was most impressed with the convenience of this hotel. Arriving on the Heathrow Express, I did not need to leave the station and was able to take a lift directly to the Hotel without having to lift my heavy suitcase once. They kindly gave me a quiet room off the main corridor probably because my booking was for 7 nights. The room was very large, bed extremely comfortable, large fluffy towels and Crabtree &amp; Evelyn products. Perhaps having to step into a deep bath to take a shower was the only downside. My rate included an excellent breakfast and it was possible to buy a voucher for dinner at reception which reduced the cost of the three course meal by 5 pounds. All in all - a first class experience.	
May 3 2009 	Good for business meetings	We were put up in Hilton for 2 nights as we were on business trip. I felt the padington one was not upto the usual hilton standards. Although the best part of the hotel was the closeness to paddington tube station. Paddington being one of the prime tube stations, the loaction is definitely an advantage, however the quality of service can be improved.	
Apr 30 2009 	Great location with wonderful service	We booked this hotel back in January when they had their &quot;January Sale&quot;. Room was 75 pounds per night, including breakfast (so our total in USD, including tax, was $250 for two nights).I arrived to Heathrow and took the Heathrow Connect (DO NOT take 'Express', as connect takes just about ten minutes longer and is 6 pounds less!) to Paddington. Walked into the station, took the elevator up to the hotel level, and walked right into the hotel. I had requested early check-in, but since I arrived at 7am, I expected nothing. The guy at the front desk was SO NICE and really went out of his way to get me into a room ASAP. The hotel was packed with tourists, and while I waited, I got a sandwich and coffee from the Starbucks and just enjoyed people watching. I actually fell asleep for a couple minutes in the lobby due to jet lag. But by 9am, I had my room. The room was really nice. Quite large, plus the bathroom was really nice, and it had generous supplies of towels and toiletries. The location is FABULOUS. We wanted to take the London Big Bus tour, and were delighted to discover it stopped right outside our hotel! We were also able to walk to Hyde Park and Oxford Street (that was a bit of a walk, but the weather was fabulous, so we enjoyed it!).Restaurants in the area were just what we wanted - small, locally owned, and decently priced places that had good food. There are also plenty of fast food chain restaurants - a Burger King is actually right across the street, plus Paddington has all sorts of fast food. The first night we went to an Italian place, for our second night, we went to a really good Indian restaurant. All were within walking distance to the hotel.Breakfast in the hotel was wonderful! I read on here that it was too crowded, but we were there on a crowded weekend, and still were able to get all breakfast items without waiting. There were hot 'American' items, an English breakfast, plenty of cold cuts, cheeses, cereals, and even a little 'Japanese' section, identifiable by the Japanese flag displayed in front of the food! The staff even remembered us from the day before and again gave us our 'favorite' table, which was right next to the orange juice. We enjoyed the fact that our coffee cups and orange juice glasses were promptly refilled.The hotel is attached to some weird underground club/casino. We went there to get a drink late one night when everything else was closed - we actually had to join the club as 'members', but found the drinks to be reasonably priced (for London).I highly recommend this hotel - location was great, and the price was fantastic! It's great for people who have traveled a long way to get to London and just want to get to their hotel without any hassles. Our room was really nice, and we were really happy with everything.By the way, we heard NO sounds from the train station.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great value for Money....	I was stay on Hilton Paddington on October 2008. There was a fam trip for travel agencies. The location of hotel was great. Few steps 10 minutes walk from oxford street. the only bad thing was that to find our room we need a map. There are so many room. So many halls. You will really need a map. But at all was a great hotel. Very Clean. The stuff so helpfully. I lost my room card up to four times, and the stuff so kindly gives me again and again the new room card with a smile in their face. One of the greatest trips that i made in London	
Apr 25 2009	Extremely convenience	I recently stayed at the Hilton Paddington with my daughter for seven nights. The convenience from Heathrow was fantastic. You get your luggage &amp; head down the tunnel to the elevator to the train platform, board &amp; it's takes exactly 15 minutes to get to Paddington Station &amp; the hotel is right there.  As for the hotel itself, we had a king executive room which was fantastic for breakfast with many options &amp; the evening nibbles was also great with wines &amp; other cocktails. I would definitely get the executive option.  The room was large &amp; looks like all the pictures the other people have posted. We had a regular king room but it was great with the extra work area to store our luggage &amp; an extra chest of drawers in there. It was strange that they put the hair dryer in the desk drawer away from the bathroom though. The bad things were, the bed was a bit worn out with bad springs on one side of the bed &amp; the worst toilet paper I've ever had at any hotel. You couldn't adjust the thermostat in the room &amp; it got a bit hot. Don't know what's up with that but it could be a problem when it get warmer. The coffee, tea was a nice extra with Walker's shortbread everyday. The tube is just down the street or across the street and I highly recommend the Oyster card which really pays off &amp; the tube is so easy to use. The area was just fine with a liquor store down the street, The Pride of Paddington pub down the street, grocery stores in the area but there are two in the Paddington Station area which is down from the lobby. I would definitely stay here again but I would check with the Hilton people first about the room temperature. That's my biggest complaint.	
Apr 25 2009 	Wouldn't recommend Hilton	I already had stayed at the Hilton &amp; didn't want to change the booking at the last moment, however to my dismay this hotel though located startegically was worst than the previous hotel. The service was appalling &amp; the hotel unfriendly. Wouldn't recommend anyone.	
Apr 22 2009 	Perfection	This hotel has absolutely everything you could possibly need for an extended trip to London. Shopping, transportation, dining and a place to lay your head after walking 10-12 hours a day. Located directly above both a train station and a tube station makes it a snap to get anywhere in the city you want to go. During part of our journey, the Circle Line was closed and the District Line was crippled, so we benefited from being directly above the Bakerloo line as well. We were able to jump on the Bakerloo to get anywhere in London quickly. On the days where all of the lines were operational, we really enjoyed the Circle line as an option.There are dozens of options for food and for shopping all within a 5 minute walk. There are streets lined with shops directly outside of the hotel, and then a huge area of shops right under the hotel in the train station. Our favorite morning activity was grabbing a cup of coffee at Sloe, a cafe overlooking the train station, and just relaxing while watching all of the people run past. There's a very tasty steak restaurant right outside, several corner markets for supplies and even a number of pubs to watch the local footie matches.Overall everything about the hotel was great, from the service at the front desk, to the individuals we met along the way. The only thing we didn't care for was the hallways - they are hot and stuffy in April! Once you get into your room and can adjust the temperature it's OK. I would stay here again and, since the location is so incredible, probably won't stay anywhere else the next time I'm in London.	
Apr 21 2009 	Loved the Paddington	The location is the USP of this hotel in my opinion. Just next to the tube, also with the Heathrow Express running from behind the hotel, getting into Heathrow is a piece of cake - just about 30 mns from the hotel	
Apr 21 2009 	Right at the Paddington station	Have stayed here several times and had several different type of room. Some are nicer than others. The pictures shown here are probably from the smallest one with the worst view. However, all rooms are clean, standard large city Hilton rooms. The hotel itself is not spectacular, neither are the rooms. But the popularity is because of the location. Right at the Paddington station. You basically walk from your room and lobby straight to the Heathrow express and step into the 15 minutes Heathrow Express train to Heathrow. Considering the fact that iti s not always easy to get a cab in downtown London, this hotel is a very good option (in case you dont want to stay at an airport hotel overnight). The lobby is somewhat disturbing as it seems people not being in the hotel use this as well to pass from the street to the train station. Breakfast and dinner are ok, nothing spectacular.	
Apr 4 2009 	Great alternative to Heathrow Hotels	With Heathrow hotels generally not being directly at the airport we decided to stay here the night before a flight out. Benefiting from being right at the station just half an hour by train to the airport this is much more convenient that having to get the dreadful &quot;Heathrow Hoppa&quot; shuttle to an airport hotel.And London is literally on your doorstep!We'd flown into Gatwick so a bit of a pain to get to Paddington - train to Victoria, then tube - but right by tube station so check in was quick and easy, used Hilton points so cost not an issue - but see on the internet rooms are about £100. Upgraded to a &quot;delux&quot; room - these however are not delux as in extra freebies or a bathrobe - just a bigger room - nice though.Long long corridor to room that was generally well presented - plenty of room and very comfy bed. Couple of lights didn't work and chips on furniture - just needs closer watching when housekept. Great shower. Air con didn't blow cold, probably off as March - but busy road outside so road noise irritating. There was a turn down service - but that only closed the curtains and switched a light on - barely worth the effort.Had a tea time drink in the city and then came back to the area for a meal - recommend taking a walk to Westbourne Grove - lots of great restaurants and a local rather than city feel. Bodeans - great service and good food, but walking back wanted to eat in loads of others.Did take advantage of the station facilities - great M&amp;S and Sainsbury's and Yo Sushi, Eat, cafes etc. Didn't have breakfast - but looked very busy. Enjoyed a M&amp;S breakfast and great Costa coffee on the train.Word of advice DO NOT waste your money on the Heathrow Express. Their second class fare is £16.50 - but the Heathrow Connect takes 10 mins longer and a few stops is only £6.90 - that's £10 each saved ! You do have to buy your tickets at the main station ticket office / machines rather than the Heathrow Express branded ones - trains are every 30 mins. Heathrow Express is still acknowledged as one of the world's most expensive train rides mile for mile - don't pander to the advertising, or line the pockets of BAA (Heathrow's operator who wholly own the Heathrow Express).	
Apr 1 2009 	Perfect from start to finish	I stayed in this hotel in march with my partner and daughter aged nearly two. This review will be long. Location: Loved this, off the connect / express from heathrow and you dont even have to leave paddington station, theres a lift inside. Staff: From start to finish they were great, very professional and fast, nothing was too much trouble. Room : We booked a junior suite because of the baby and got a great room, with a balcony overlooking the city on the 6th floor. Never heard a bit of traffic. Bathroom was lovely, Very nice toiletries in it, seperate shower and shower / bath which was great. bathrobe and slippers soft and fluffy, big big bed and loads of room and furniture on the balcony. The travel cot was set up when we got to the room with a lovely comfy quilt inside it. Breakfast: This was included and I though it was great, loads of options, fry / fruit / cheeses and meats / patries etc. Again nothing was too much trouble, Anything we wanted cooked we could have. Executive Lounge: This was included as part of the suite and if you are thinking of staying here try to get a room which includes this. We arrived and the room wasnt ready so we were sent down here, pastries there all day with sandwiches and soft drinks / tea and coffee. From 6.30 to 8 there are drinks available, wine, spirits, champagne and beers along with pizza / chinese type snacks. All day there are also about 6 tv's running and if its quiet you can stick on what you want. The staff in the lounge are great, nice but not in your face and v v friendly.As we had the little one with us we didnt venture into the bar but Im sure it was lovely, there are also a few nice bars across the road and several restaurants if you dont want to venture into the city. So all in all, I loved the hilton, convienient, great staff, great food and fab hotel. I even left a bunch of flowers for the staff on departure. Definately coming back soon. PS I got a great deal in the sale, €140 per night, worth lots more.	
Mar 31 2009 	Enjoyed it	We stayed at the Paddington Hilton recently. We had booked two double Executive rooms; one for my husband and me, the other for my son ( a surprise birthday treat for him) and his wife.This Hilton is perfectly located for public transport, eg the tube station is just across the road.However, not everything is 4-sar :the carpets need renewing in the corridors, the hot water isnt always on tap. There was no hot water for the young couple on the first morning because &quot; the people in the suite next door must have used it all&quot;. Then, even their morning tea was ruined by a milk carton 8 months out of date. Not very satisfactory!But at least the manager, Rakesh Singh, took our complaints seriously and we were treated with courtesy and consideration. We will diefinitely stay again.Spend the extra and book Executive rooms; the evening Happy Hour (s) alone make it worthwhile.	
Mar 24 2009 	Excellent location next to Tube Station	Lovely room and service was excellent. The only problem with being so central was the noise of traffic throughout the night. We were on the 6th floor at the side of the hotel. The windows were wooden sash and not sufficient to keep the noise out of the constant traffic of taxis driving up to Paddington.	
Mar 24 2009 	Wonderful	Nice, although breakfast was not included for $360 a night; absurd. This hotel is very nice and the location is to die for. You literally walk of the Heathrow Express and within 5 minutes you’re nearly done checking in at the front desk of the hotel. There are many pubs nearby and Hyde Park / Kensington Gardens are a short walk away. This is really the gateway to some of the most famous parts of the city. I stopped here for the night before continuing on a flight the following afternoon. I was able to get quite a few drinks and some fish and chips in before I had to leave. I love London; it's one of the most beautiful cities I have ever been to!	
Mar 23 2009 	Fantastic hotel	My partner and I spent the night here in an executive room and we where most impressed with everything that the Room had to offer. From a fast and efficent check in to a spacious and luxerious room with a decent sized bathroom and shower there was nothing that we could pick fault with. And as for the size of the bed well it was massive.The only real problem we had during the stayt was when we tried to order room service and the phones wouldnt work as the computer that controlled them was been rebooted (in the hiltons defence it was 2.30am) and we had to go down to reception to organise some food but even then the service was fantastic as we where given a free pot of coffee and did not have to pay any surcharge for room service due to our having been &quot;inconvienced&quot;Breakfast in the lounge was fantastic but i wouldnt have paid the asking price for it if we had gotten a room only rate.	
Mar 23 2009 	Lots of elbow room	At the end of January 2009, my wife and I embarked on a European tour, where we visited London, Athens, Rome, Venice, Vienna, Paris, Amsterdam, Oslo, and then we popped back to London. We chose all of our hotels based on reviews that we read on this website, so it is our duty to come online and at least write a short review. Tripadvisor was a Godsend, and we swear by it now.The Hilton Paddington gets full marks for location. It is in the centre of London, but London is a big place, so using public transport is a necessity. The hotel is directly opposite the Tube station (Metro/Subway/Underground) for a few of the lines, and directly next to another station for the some other lines, so in terms of using the underground trains, have no fear about a long walk. Moreover, the hotel has an entrance directly into London Paddington Train station, which is perfect if the Heathrow Express is needed, or if you plan on doing lots of overland train trips. Quite a few buses run on this street as well.The room was a double standard guest room and we stayed there for four nights. The room had everything advertised on the Expedia/Hilton websites: internet access, complimentary coffee and tea, safe, iron, etc. What is a winner with this room, is the fact that you have quite a lot of space to move around. Of course, compared to American hotels, the room is somewhat small, but compared to some of the dives I have seen in London, this room was cavernous! The size reviews given on this website was the main reason that we chose this hotel.The bathroom was well presented, with a decent array of toiletries. The towels were massive, so don’t even think of nicking them, unless you want to use up half your suitcase space! There was also a retractable clothes line over the bathtub, which came in handy when we had to hang damp clothes (London is, after all, a pretty rainy city!).Although we did not use room service, or eat at the restaurant, we could not complain about the service that we did get. The rooms were cleaned well, toiletries were replaced, and the concierge folk downstairs were extremely helpful when it came to advising us of where/how to go to place X.Although the rate seems a bit high, and having lived in London for more than 7 years a few years ago, I think that this hotel was definitely value for money. Why pay 100 pounds per night for claustrophobia, when you can pay less than 50 pounds extra for a lot more elbow room, stay in a brand name hotel, and be spitting distance from all public transport?I strongly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in London.	
Mar 22 2009 	Cool Old Hotel converted to Hip London Location	I really liked this hotel, first the location was just right for me.. I got off the Heathrow express at Paddington Station and there it was the Hilton door right inside the station. Walked in check in Got upgraded to a Suite on the top floor with a balcony over looking the city of London. Room was very nice and very new. clean and open. Internet was out of my price range. The bathroom had both a shower and a tub. The staff was helpful and nice. The executive lounge over looks the action in Paddington station, people watching at its best.. and WOW it is a show. The lounge had finger foods hot and cold, a big open bar, and soft drinks. Very open room with lots of space, free internet access in the lounge. In London having free food and drinks was helpful. The location is good for tourist also as you have the underground right outside the front doors of the hotel. This is a very old hotel converted by Hilton to a modern hotel with still the old feeling. Back in the day this was the Great Western Royal Hotel do a Google on it.. some cool info.. I would stay here over and over..	
Mar 19 2009 	A Very Pleasant Stay	This was my first stay at the Hiton Paddington. I must say I was pleasantly surprised. I got into the hotel at 9AM and was allowed to quickly check-in, I thought for sure I would have to wait because of the early time. Check-in was speedy, and the check-in agent was very polite and knowledgeable. I thought I had booked a deluxe room but it turned out I had booked into a basic (?) queen room, but the agent upgraded me to the deluxe for free.The room was very clean, the bathroom was spotless. The only thing I thought was a bit too much was the 2.50 minimum charge for phone calls, even local numbers. The internet was speedy, but at 15.00/day is far overpriced.All-in-all a great stay at a very convenient location.	
Mar 19 2009 	a bit of a joke	I honestly believe that my stay in this hotel must have been some kind bad dream. On arrival we were told that our room is not ready yet and were asked to wait in the lounge. We were refused to be served in the bar as we were not checked in yet, so had to wait to rinse my dry throat after the journey for another half an hour.This pleasant moments of contemplation of the Hotel's interior were interrupted by loud conversation of the bouncers from the Hotel's Casino which was held in my native language and was obviously comming from the gutter. Enough to say that I haven's heard so many F words even in Gordon Ramsay's shows. Clearily those Bouncers never considered there may be their fellow natives staying in the hotel. When we finally got the key card and went to our room we found that there is someone behind the doors we opened. Fortunately this very pleasant Gentleman was fully dressed up - although it was late enough hour. In the reception it turned out that he was temporarily placed into our room as he refused to accept the room offered to him earlier on. He also refused to move out of the room so we had to take the one he was not happy with. Immediately after we found the room we understood his reasons. The room was absolutely stinking. Someone must have been smoking 2 cigarettes at once in every part of the room, especially in the bed as it smelled the worst. My fiancee was nearly crying so I requested a room change. Only thing I was offered was a hotel boy with the spray in his hand that added to the smell instead of killing it and a promise we will get better room the next day as a apology. We decided to stay as it was almost impossible to find a room at a night before FA Cup Final ( or some other big game I am not sure). It's worth mentioning that neither of us is a smoker and we booked non smoker room obviously. Next day change of rooms was another surprise as we got the same type of room but without the smell. The staff forgot about their promise of the higher standart room as a apology but we were happy with the fact that we could breathe deeply again.Finally when we were getting ready and excited to visit Gordon Ramsay's Boxwood Cafe I phoned reception to book a taxi giving them 1 hour notice as I was aware that Saturday night in London is a busy time for the cab drivers. I was quite surprised when I was asked to phone again shortly prior to leaving as that was too early to get that organised.Worst thing happened of course, they could not get us a taxi so we had to leave the Hotel and catch one on the side of the road.It is really hard to believe that all happened just within 3 days stay but whoever read the whole story must admit - that I just could not make up myself! I was supposed to write the complaint but was very busy after that time and then just let it go. But now took the opportunity to share my epxerience with others.	
Mar 9 2009 	Another happy visit	Friendly, warm, clean, with a great breakfast and perfectly located for my business needs. I just wish it was normally within my travel allowance . Just one tiny, tiny gripe - the booking form did ask for my time of arrival butrooms were not yet ready for those arriving on the Welsh train but were for the Heathrow Express passengers. Although they stored my luggage I was unable to freshen up before myfirst meeting.	
Mar 5 2009 	Great location well appointed hotel	Hotel is certainly up to the usual standard for Hilton, and the location inside Paddington Station (it used to be the Great Western Railway's hotel) is terrific - don't worry, you can't hear any noise from the trains. but some of the rooms have a great view of the &quot;train shed&quot;. If you can get it for around £100 a night including breakfast then you will be very satisfied. Breakfast is good, although it can be busy! Did not try the Executive lounge, so can't tell you whether it is worth paying the extra for access. Non residents are allowed in for £20, so I suppose you could do it that way if it's not already included in your room rate.	
Feb 16 2009 	A Nice Room Ideally Located	We had one night to spend before our return to the USA from a 5 night England vacation. I chose this hotel for the price they offered, which was considerably less than their usual rate. It's a hotel frequented by business travellers mostly, due to its proximity to central London and easy access to Heathrow airport.We didn't expect the rooms to be that nice but they were. The hotel rooms were larger than your average London room and it had the usual amenities you would expect from a Hilton. Our room included a continental breakfast but the crowds and lines to get into it told us to go elsewhere. The hotel is connected to Paddington station and it contains a number of cafes. If you need access to London Underground, you couldn't do much better.	
Feb 15 2009 	Nicely Serves the Purpose	I was pleasantly surprised and pleased with the hotel. We spent our first night in London there, as the easiest place to land after a flight from the States and a quick connect into London on the Heathrow Express. We got a terrific rate on the Hilton website that included an &quot;executive room&quot; and breakfast. Both bedroom and bath were large and clean, beds were just fine and the staff were pleasant and helpful.We got up in the morning, had a quick breakfast (we just ate the continental in the executive lounge), took a bus to see Lady Diana's dresses at Kensington Palace, and got back in time to check out by noon. There is a tube station across the street.	
Feb 15 2009 	Pleasantly surprised!!	This was a very pleasant surprise as I'm usually VERY pessimistic with the standard of Hilton Hotels in the UK. However I couldn't resist the 50% off special offer and the EXTREMELY convenient location of actually being part of Paddington Station. Anyway we stayed here for 2 nights with breakfast included. Check in was quick and efficient. Staff polite. Now the room... I couldn't believe my eyes. It was absolutely MASSIVE for london standards! Clean... fine the TV was a bit small but at least it was plasma and had a few decent channels! Bed was definitely a double (unlike some hotels that give you &quot;large singles&quot;), and comfortable. Bathroom was marble floored (nice) and the shower was adequately powerful, although my only complaint with the room was the presence of a musky odour from the toilet. Hotel room was very quiet and sleep was no issue. Breakfast (LONG queue) on a busy Sunday morning but quality was standard for Hilton. Nice selection of pastries, full english, cereals, juices... etc. etc. Overall then... a very nice hotel indeed. Pretty much faultless for the £75/night I paid for it. But I can't give it 5/5 as normal price is around £150/night.. but is pricey!!!! Would recommend when discounted ! =)	
Feb 9 2009	Great hotel with excellent location	Stayed here for one night as part of a trip to London to see the &quot;Strictly Come Dancing&quot; show at the O2. The twin room was large, very clean and beautifully decorated. The beds were extremely comfortable, the small sitting area was wlecome, the bathroom was large and airy with Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries. Everything was spot-on. And, best of all, the room and bathroom were so clean! For the first time in ages, my mother even felt no compulsion to wear her bedroom slippers because the carpet was clean and warm and there was no need to unpack the slippers!The breakfast was plentiful and very tasty. No problems with any of it being cold, as mentioned by an earlier reviewer. Staff were friendly, helpful and very efficient.	
Feb 5 2009 	Guess these other people stayed somewhere else! I liked it...	As everyone has pointed out, being at Paddington has some distinct advantages - getting to and from Heathrow is a snap. By the way, taking Heathrow Connect for under 7UKL is a much better deal than the over-priced, and to my experience somewhat unreliable Heathrow Express - if you have an extra 10 to 20 minutes to spare. There is direct access from the station to the hotel except after midnight.Reception at the Paddington Hilton was fine and friendly, and as a Hilton HHonors participant, I got an oversized king room that was more than comfortable. At 129 UKL for a room with breakfast for 2, I considered this room to be a bargain for London. Breakfast was spectacular - much better than in typical business class hotels. (Try the Rosti Potatoes!) Despite bad winter weather, the staff on hand was efficient, friendly and professional. I didn't see much in the way of bell help, though, although usually, I'd just as soon deal with my own luggage. The hotel even offered me a 13 UKL dinner buffet when I checked in - which is an exceptional price for dinner in London.Everything I saw at the Paddington Hilton was clean, nearly spotless. There was a certain old fashioned charm - this Hotel had been built as part of the Great Western Hotel Chain as the Paddington Terminus - but overall a nicely done redo.If you are &quot;afraid&quot; of &quot;seedy&quot; areas, and I've seen MUCH worse, perhaps you should stay home in your safe suburb. It's not that bad. But if you don't want to walk around outside, you can grab a snack in the Train Station, which boasts a grocery store and almost anything else you might need. It's worth it not to have to lug your luggage to another hotel if you're just in town for a night or two! And of course, you can always grab taxis or the underground to and from the Station.I'm not sure I'd pay more than 200 UKL for a room, but lower rates are a value. (I'd also agree that you should request a courtyard room if you are a light sleeper).	
Feb 3 2009	Nice Room but Exorbitant Internet Fees	I stayed here for one night in January 2009. The check in process was quick and the staff was friendly. My room was large and well appointed. The bathroom was also nice. The room had a flat screen TV and everything you would need while vacationing.I had a fifty dollar coupon from Expedia, so my room came to a whopping 55 dollars with a full English breakfast. The previous reviewer must have visited the wrong restaurant because everyone was more than friendly. I read my paper had a nice breakfast and had my juice glass filled often. No issues.My only major complaint was that they charge about 15 pounds-about 22 dollars today- for internet access. A perfect way to drive away business. If you're on vacation and needing information from the internet look elsewhere for a room. I would suggest asking for a room not facing the street. I was awoken about 3:30 AM by some street noise.	
Feb 1 2009 	Pure Business Hotel Only	I had some reservations about staying in Paddington as it is an area that has eluded the gentrification of other areas north of Hyde Park. However as my flight arrived late in the evening and the thought of just walking from Paddington station to the hotel seemed attractive - and yes you can simply walk from the train to the lobby of the hotel. However, my reservation for 5 nights was soon reduced to one night once the full delights of this hotel became apparant! Check in was clumsy and the lobby was filled with persons lingering - some en-route to the casino in the basement, others merely lingering! There was no offer from the idle porters to take the bags and the lifts to the rooms were painfully slow. Exiting the lift one is met with stained/torn carpets and an ice machine - hardly elegant. The rooms are small and finished adequately but not with any care to detail. Bathrooms are small, tiled boringly in white with towels that are not exactly 'fluffy'! As it was late I decided to go to a local restaurant for supper- Praed Street is still a haunt of vagrants and one does not feel totally at ease in this area - definitely not a place for familes. Back in the hotel, the lobby was again lacking in warmth and the lift ride was accompanied by a 'lady seemingly having lost her way'! Retiring alone to my room I slept on a modeslty comfortable bed stirring on and off to the sound of traffic on Praed Street. I went to breakfast at 06:30 to be met by a surly, rude and un-inspired team of workers who served a breakfast that was mostly luke warm at best! The hotel lacks all charm and you can get much better value in London - especially this winter. I was charged STG275.00 for a supposed exec suite - which had zero luxury. I checked out and checked in to Claridges for STG260.00 with free internet access ....	
Jan 21 2009 	Great place to stay convenient and friendly	Stayed here for a London break with my four year old son as I wanted the convenience of being right next to the train and tube with no extra walking. The location could not have been better for this purpose.Got a great sale rate which meant could treat us to a suite, which had loads of space, huge tvs and meant we had access to the executive lounge with its lovely buffet breakfast.Could also check luggage in early and collect after check out when getting on train to go home so no dragging luggage around town or paying the hefty cost or the hassle of the Paddington left luggage area.I reckon I also saved myself a fair bit on taxis because there was no additional walking because of its location. You can get a tube to pretty much everywhere you can think of from here.The reason it gets a 5 star rating from me though, was that despite being a &quot;business&quot; hotel the staff could not have been friendlier. I needed a screw driver to put batteries in my boys new toy and maintenance was at the door with a smile and a screwdriver within two minutes. Just wish they always had sales so I could stay here more often!	
Jan 20 2009 	Well suited for its purpose	We stay at this hotel when we are traveling stateside its perfect being just at the end of the HEX, we commute from up north in to Heathrow Airport get the HEX to the hotel and next morning get back on it for our long haul. The hotel is very station like because thats what it was built for when it was The Great Western Hotel built specifically for the new age of steam travel, if you look closely there are some fabulous remnants of art deco and Austrian crystal.The staff are polite yet businesslike so not over chatty. We booked a club junior suite and we loved it, very modern and clean with a fantastic decked balcony overlooking the city. we had dinner there.The hotel is and was never intended for a sightseeing holiday its a business/commuter stay, if you want a fabulous location for a city break try the fabulous Trafalgar Square Hilton.This was my 4th stay and we have booked another this time the King suite which looks fabulous.I am booking my business associates in to this one as well for upcoming long haul trips out of Heathrow.	
Jan 11 2009 	drab impersonal and expensive	We stayed at the Paddington Hilton for 2 nights in November, when we visited London to see a show and a play.We were not upgraded or part of the Hilton Honours scheme, so we did not benefit from the lounges with free drinks, which seems to have prompted most of the positive commments on this site. Drinks in the bar are very expensive and they automatically add a service charge, even when you have to get the drinks from the bar yourself! Whilst we were there the steam bar was closed on both evenings for private parties so the only place to get a drink was in the characterless lobby. There is a piano in the bar but it was not used whilst we were there. We did not find anywhere else locally to get a drink after the theatre and the prices in the bar meant the long evenings we normally spend with friends were forshortened. Breakfast was quite good but very busy; there was a long wait for poached eggs and hot food on the buffet was not replenished quickly so it was quite hard to assemble a hot breakfast with all parts warm at once. There was only 1 toaster whilst we were there, so toast was another challenge!Staff were reasonably helpful but again, impersonal, although a row between a guest and concierge was highly entertaining one night! The Hilton chain is our first choice when we visit a city. However, although this hotel is convienient and the usual Hilton toiletries and tea/coffee etc. make the rooms comfortable, it does not measure up to others in the chain which are more efficient and pleasant. The foyer feels like part of the station and we missed having somewhere pleasant to relax with a drink. We would not stay at this hotel again; there are many other London hotels which offer a better experience for the price.We did enjoy a meal at 'Ask', which is around the corner from the hotel.	
Jan 8 2009 	Well worth the little extra!!	I stayed here with my mother and aunt. We booked in last minute after arriving at a disgusting little hotel down the road and realizing we couldn't stay there. The hotel staff were friendly an helpfull and always eager. Had a lovely stay. Can't recomend it enough!! Located right next to the tube and train station, taxis on call 24/7. 10 mins from london oxford street!	
Dec 21 2008 	No Surprise and Fabulous AirCon	I had to spend a night in London for a return flight to the US the following morning. After a &quot;plane, train, and automobile&quot; kind of travel day to reach London I decided one night in town in a full service hotel with air con was my choice. I selected the Hilton Paddington based on proximity to the Heathrow Express/{Paddington Station and an internet rate deal. And since London was experiencing a heat wave I was glad I'd considered air conditioning. The hotel was exactly what I expected and fit the bill perfectly. Comfortable, nicely appointed room. Plenty of places to grab a bite in the attached station and neighborhood; I was able to do some walking around and shopping before I lost my oomph and took a nice bath in Crabtree and Evelyn's LaSource (my favorite) and caught up on the world with CNN. Getting to Heathrow was a breeze. If you want to stay in London but get in and out to Heathrow with ease I'd stay here again in a minute.	
Dec 8 2008	Great hotel in a superb location	We have stayed in a few Hilton hotels over the years and this one lived up to the expectation. The hotel was in a great location to access the Tube and also Paddington Station (its right beside it) - handy if you have a flight to Heathrow since this is where you catch the Heathrow Express. Also there are numerous cafe's and shops in the station if you need to pick up a sandwich or coffee.We were upgraded to a deluxe room upon check in since we are Hilton Honours Gold Card customers. The room (511) was very big, with a huge bed, flat screen tv, mini-bar and tea/coffee making facilities. It was clean, tidy and not at all dated or worn. Our rate didn't have breakfast included so we just went to the nearby Starbucks in the station. The hotel is very much for business travellers so you don't feel as though you get a personal service as you would with the smaller, boutique hotels.All in all, no complaints. A nice hotel in the heart of London, in a good location.	
Nov 12 2008 	A typical business hotel	A typical business hotel for the growing business area around Paddington. Easy and fast to reach to/from Heathrow with the Heathrow Express. Size of standard rooms varies greatly. Can be a nice and spacy room and on the next stay a rather small one. Always clean and tidy rooms. As for all London hotels, pricing is extremely high.	
Nov 8 2008 	Great location rooms spacious and comfortable Executive Lounge is fantastic!	I loved the Hilton Paddington. We got in late to London, took the Heathrow Express to Paddington Station and did not even have to walk outside to get to the Hilton.Great:The rooms were spacious, had comfortable linens and a really cozy feel to them. The entire hotel is just beautiful and exactly what we were looking for. We are diamond members so the we were able to utilize the Executive Lounge which was a lot of fun since it sits over the train station. We had a veiw of everyone coming and going with a great selection of food and spirits.The hotel is so central it was perfect. It was a 10 pound taxi to the Buckingham Palace and everything else was pretty accessible by walking, the hop on/hop off bus or by quick taxi or tube.The Hop on/Hop off is literally right outside of our hotel and there are a bunch of pubs and a McDonalds/Burger King as well. Starbucks is attached to the hotel.Bad:Normally when we travel we're in our business suits and this time we were in London for the NFL International game (so with our jerseys on). The first night, since we got in late we were forced to eat McDonalds since it was the only thing that was open. We brought it back to the hotel lobby only to have the lobby manager tell us that only people staying at the hotel could could utilize the space. It wasn't until we handed over our Diamond cards that we got a different response. This is one of the nicer hotels in London, on the high end, and thus a little bit pretencious.Secondly, some of the rooms are located extremely far away from the elevator. I know it sounds ridiculous but when travelling with an older person, you could feel the farness.Lastly, do not count on the concierge for any sort of information. It is the same person that is the valet and all they give you is hop on/hop off brochures. They honestly knew less about London than I did having been there twice before.	
Oct 31 2008 	A Good Experience Overall	We checked in to the Hilton Paddington on Easter Morning. No problems with storing our luggage til the room was ready...the room was spacious enough, very comfortable bed. We were surprised by the dinner included in our room rate- it was an interesting buffet. Breakfast also was quite good.It was incredibly convenient to be connected to Paddington Station and all the tube lines without having to splash around in the rain.	
Oct 26 2008 	Fantastic location	A fantasic hotel. Very clean, very friendly, fantstic decor and ambience would definitiely stay again	
Oct 25 2008 	Great stay	Found a very competitve rate on Expedia ($333) , even better than Hilton's own website. This hotel is wonderful for a quick trip to London. Situated right over Paddington Station, which offers a 15 minute direct rail connection to Heathrow.The double room I stayed in was spacious, well furnished, and had a high tech TV. Paddington offered an excellent starting point for my day with easy tube access to major Underground line links for business and touring. The station also had lots of well priced dining options. HIghly recommended!!!	
Oct 13 2008 	no better location	In a city where it's hard to find a hotel that has a convenient location, an affordable price, and quiet rooms, the Hilton Paddington has much to recommend it. It's not exactly affordable--including taxes, it was 175 pounds per night (including a well above average breakfast buffet)--but it is as good as it gets on location and quiet. If traveling with carry-on luggage, it's possible to be in the hotel in less than an hour after landing at Heathrow, something that I really valued. Getting off the Heathrow Express at Paddington, you can walk directly in to the hotel lobby--all the better when it is so often raining outside!! The tube link means other locations in London are easy to get to, as well. The room itself was average in decor and ambience, above average in the toiletries supplied and comfort of the bed, and superb in terms of quiet. I cannot think of another hotel where I've had such a peaceful night--despite each floor being a huge mass of corridors and rooms (it can be a long walk to the elevator), I wondered if I was the only person staying there! In fact, the hotel was really busy. This, too, is a real bonus in London where it's not unusual to lose sleep because of noise on the street or people coming and going at all hours of the day and night. For short stays in the city, the Hilton Paddington can maximize time and energy available.	
Oct 11 2008 	Excellentbut expensive	My wife and I stayed in a suite,room no 502/503. All the usual ameneties,large bathrooom with seperate shower and bath. in fact there were 2 toilets in seperate parts of the room..There was a seperate dining area .There was a turn down service which was nice. Room service was good,however you do get charged £3.50 per tray although it comes up on the same trolley!!We checked in at 12.30,no problems there. The executive longe was busy during the day,however it has plenty of room at late evening. Alcoholic drinks are only allowed between 6 - 8.30 pm.Location is excellent for trains and heathrow airport.During our stay LCD flatscreen T.v's were being put into the rooms. The only little grumble was the the bedside/stand up lamps didnt work.I would recommend this hotel,it's clean,comfy but really expensive.My wife and I use this hotel regular as it's convienent for us when we arrive on the train,your in the hotel in less than 2mins.	
Oct 1 2008 	Nice rooms but watch out for overcharging in the bar	Hotel itself is very nice, the decor is good and the hotel's location is great.The rooms are indeed very spacious and the bathrooms finished to a high standard.Watch out for charges added to your bill , a friend and I had a drink in the Steam bar and although we ordered our drinks from the bar and did not have waitress service, a 10% service charge was added to our bill. I did query this upon check out and the receptionist grudgingly removed the charge. I also had to ask him to remove several items from the mini bar which were showing up incorrectly on my bill, not very useful when you want to use the express check out service.All in all a nice hotel but the service could do with a polish.	
Sep 30 2008 	Very nice hotel	An excellent hotel. We chose this for its location, as we travelled into London Paddington on the train. Was concerned that we may be disturbed by the sounds from the station and any noise from the underground lines below. No worries. We were on the 2nd floor. We were in a standard double room, which was very spacious, with a nice big bathroom. Tea &amp; coffee in the room was excellent. Have never stayed somewhere that provides a coffee perculator in the room! Breakfast was included in our room price. There was a good choice of hot &amp; cold foods. Staff were very pleasant, polite and nothing was any trouble.Will definately be back.	
Sep 29 2008	Super Staff	Having recently returned from a touring holiday in Japan where we experienced superb service and food of exceptional quality we feel compelled to give this London hotel credit for providing the best breakfasts with the best service ever.Every person who dealt with us was attentive, efficient and friendly. The food (which included the option of whiskey with porridge) was of the best quality. The one complaint we have is that the air conditioning in our room was ineffective and meant that we spent the nights perspiring gently!	
Sep 25 2008 	As convenient as they come	I have stayed here quite a few times, in double rooms and in executive rooms (with club access). All are fine and the executive rooms can be really spacious. Bathrooms and granite and glass.I love the convenience of being able to get off the Heathrow Express, check in to the hotel, and on the day I'm leaving, check the bags in the hotel until I am ready to head off to LHR. I'll stay here again -- in fact, I'll be there in less than 10 days.	
Sep 24 2008 	Good hotel good staff good location	My wife, 4 month old son and I stayed here for 3 nights in January 2008. After living in the UK for nearly 5 years it was time to head back to Australia and we chose this hotel specifically because of its proximity to the Heathrow Express and also the fact the flat we lived in was just down the road.We decided to splurge and requested a Junior Suite with a separate dining area, with the intention of using it for the baby's sleeping area. When we checked in it seemed the room we were allocated wasn't a suite, but they fixed this immediately. Our room also faced busy Craven Road but the noise wasn't too much of an issue at night. We ate in our room each night, and the food and service was very good - and the staff took extra care to be quiet when the baby was sleeping!All in all it was a very pleasant end to our UK sojourn.	
Sep 13 2008 	Loved the convenient location...but	I was not happy with the guest treatment. We had booked 2 double rooms (connected) more than 2 months before our stay. We were traveling as a family of 4,(2 adults,2 teen children). When we checked in we were told our rooms were not connected,in fact we were in separate wings of the hotel. Of course we were upset, but our requests for at least rooms in close proximity fell on deaf ears. We were promised rooms connected the next day,and were assured that our luggage would also be moved by staff so we would not lose a sightseeing day, however that did not happen either. We came back to the hotel at 6:30 p.m.and then after again requesting the change we were accomodated. For our inconvenience we were given access to the Executive Lounge, but would have preferred our room request to be honored instead of the inconvenience and poor &quot;guest&quot; treatment. Also, be careful when you order coffee in the dining room. I ordered one cup of coffee and was charged $12. Besides the outrageous cost, the coffee was awful.I was very disappointed in the attitude of the Hilton personnel as we are &quot;Hilton Honored Guest&quot; members and frequently stay at Hilton properties,but it didn't seem to matter to management. The location of the hotel was great,but unless the stay is short,in the future we will avoid this property and spend our money elsewhere .	
Aug 28 2008 	Great for Heathrow Express but not central for visiting	Stayed for two days last week at the Hilton as part of a joint business / vacation trip from the US. It's great for anyone traveling to/from LHR but other than that, it's nothing special for the money.Location: both Heathrow Express and Heathrow Connect go into Paddington, and the hotel is connected to the station. Given that we got into Paddington at 10 pm, this was a godsend to not have to get on to the tube or into a taxi from there. But the area surrounding Paddington is dull and not near any of the major attractions. It's a 10- to 15-minute walk to Hyde Park, and most everything else that the average visitor wants to see is a tube ride away. It's also not really near the major business centers though there were many, many businesspeople about.Room: we were &quot;upgraded&quot; to an executive room, which was average by UK standards (and frighteningly claustrophobic by US Hilton standards). But everything was clean and quiet.Breakfast: our room rate included breakfast, which was quite good for a buffet. Good mix of English, continental and American choices. Most every room seemed to get a free breakfast, so if you don't get it, you might as well ask for it. Breakfast runs late; until 10:30.Service: we had a very hard time getting room service after 10 pm on the first night, but otherwise the staff were friendly.Overall, if you're coming into London for a quick in-and-out from Heathrow, it's as convenient as it gets. But if you want something longer-term for a visit, you can get the Hilton on Green Park, Tower Bridge, Park Lane or Trafalgar for similar rates and be more near where you'll want to be.	
Aug 25 2008	A Cautionary Tale . . .	Check-in time at the Hilton Paddington is 3:00 p.m., so I did not expect to get into a room when I arrived at noon. I was correct, so I checked my bags with the concierge. I asked if I could use the phone to call my friend because I needed to change our meeting plans. (My mobile phone doesn't work in the U.K.) I was told I had to go back to Paddington station and use a pay phone. Now, mind you, I am a Hilton Honors member, and I was told because I had no room number yet, I could not use the phone in either the business center or the executive lounge. I managed to meet my friends, and we decided to go to the theatre. At around 5:30 p.m. I called the hotel and told them I would be late checking in. They asked what time, and I said 11:00 p.m., and they said that's fine. I arrived to check in at 10:30, and the front desk clerk told me the hotel was over-booked and they were sending people to another hotel. What?!!! I threw a mini fit, which led to the intervention of a manager, and they gave me a room.I realize this is probably the busiest Hilton hotel in the world, and they couldn't care less about customer service, but stil, this episode made a bad impression on me.	
Aug 21 2008 	Great stay!	This hotel was absolutely fantastic. It couldn't have been easier to take the Heathrow Express directly there and I had access to the Tube whenever I needed to get somewhere. Plus the Paddington station area has a great grocery store in it, as well as some food stands, so everything was within walking distance.I actually arrived a little early and they kindly accommodated this weary traveler...the staff was top notch and the food was good as well.One thing to be aware of: The minibar uses sensors...I had accidentally knocked over a Pringles can and another food item when checking to see if there was enough storage room for my water bottle...and they appeared on my bill. However, as soon as I pointed out this error, they immediately removed it, so al was well. The room was also nice, quiet and comfortable. Would definitely return again—you can't beat the location!	
Aug 17 2008 	Great Value Great Location	My husband and I stayed here on a four-day trip to London over Memorial Day weekend. First, this hotel is so simple to get to from Heathrow. Just hop on the Heathrow Express, and in 15 minutes you are at the doorstep. We loved being near Paddington Station, where you can catch the tube/buses to the rest of the city or the train to Oxford.Our reservation included a daily buffet-style breakfast that offered something for everyone. I would recommend doing this if you can. We ate a huge breakfast and often skipped lunch, which meant more money in our wallet and more time for sightseeing. You can also grab a bite at the many eateries in Paddington Station -- Eat., Starbucks, Boots, etc.The rooms were large enough and quite clean, with plenty of natural light -- even for dreary London. The bathroom was spacious and clean. My only complaint was that the bed was rock hard; it felt like you were sleeping on a board. Still, the linens were very comfortable and clean. As usual, the minibar was incredibly expensive; you could get the same snacks at Boots in Paddington Station for much less.There is a club/bar/casino in the lobby, and it can get kind of crowded late at night, but the sound was never an issue once we were in our room. Overall, we had an enjoyable experience, and we would definitely stay here on our next trip to London.	
Aug 16 2008 	Convenient Hilton with Good Size Rooms	We just returned from a one night stay at the Paddington Hilton which we selected for its proximity to Paddington station for our last night in London. Literally the station is out the back door. There is a bridge from the back entrance that leads directly into Paddington station and is a two minute walk to Heathrow Express which then takes only 15 minutes to Heathrow airport. This worked for us since we had a lot of bags to carry. We checked in to a good sized well decorated and clean room and after dropping off the bags went directly into Paddington station and took the Great Western train to Windsor Castle and its beautiful town with shops and restaurants. Paddington also connects to Bath and other locations in Southern England. The Paddington underground station also makes easy connections around London and is not far from the stop for Baker Street and Madame Tussaud's. The room had a double bed and a cot for my son. A refrigerator. A wonderful sized bathroom and tub compared to pint size bathrooms in other hotels we stayed at. The hotel is an attractive building in a high traffic area on Praed Street--with bus depot, train station etc. but we did not hear traffic noises in our room which was airconditioned. I would definitely stay here again. There was a McDonald's and Burger King within one block of the hotel so it is not Knightsbridge if you want a posh area. Paid about $280 U.S. with tax via a popular hotel website deal but breakfast was not included. If booked here again would do it directly through Hilton website. Ths hotel's standard posted rates were much higher and they seemed to cater to a very weatthy Mideastern clientele and business crowd. There were families with children as well. We went out of the area to restaurants. Hotel service was generally good although they could have been friendlier upon arrival. Room was ready on time when we checked in at about 1 p.m.	
Aug 13 2008 	Below par	Rooms small, noisy and not clean. Doors to hallway did not provide any sound barrier. You could hear conversations up and down the hallway. Exterior bedspread and bedskirt dirty and stained. No noise barrier between floors and roudy room above kept us awake all night. Not just roudy, but bouncing basketball against walls and floor. Complaints to desk did not help....desk said they went to room and found everyone asleep. Unless you just had to stay there because Paddington Rail station attached, don't do it.	
Aug 12 2008 	Location excellent	Stayed for one night in transit. We arrived early in the morning and were told that we could check in at this time (no extra charge) but that the room was small. If we were prepared to wait until 10am they would be able to allocate us a room in the newer wing - this we did and all was fine.As previous reviewers have said the location is excellent; we caught the bus from virtually outside the front door to Oxford St; later in the day we also walked across Hyde Park to meet friends for lunch.	
Jul 20 2008 	Good Location for Exploring and Great for Stopovers	We spent one night at the Hilton on a layover. We took the Heathrow Connect directly to the hotel for 7 euros a piece. The hotel is located in Paddington station so it is in an excellent location for airport access and also access to the tube. Our room was in the newer wing and it faced an interior courtyard. It was very quiet. The room was average size and the bathrooms were pretty nice. We used our Hilton points so we didn't have to pay for the room rate. Not sure how this hotel compares on price, but it is a very nice place to stay if you want to explore the city or have a layover at Heathrow.	
Jul 8 2008	Excellent value.	Great location for taking the Paddington express to Heathrow.Large rooms at a resonable price for London.	
Jul 1 2008 	Great Location	We needed a hotel near Paddington Station and Hyde Park for the Hard Rock Calling weekend.This hotel was doing a good B&amp;B offer, and had good reviews. We were very happy, breakfast was good, decor very nice. Only slight quibble would be that our room was very small, and some areas of the hotel (corridors etc) had no aircon and were very hot at times. However, our friends had a much bigger room, even though I booked both rooms on the same rate. But in terms of service, location and decor, no complaints.	
Jun 30 2008 	Business stop over	I would say that this is a great hotel if you are in London for a short time and need to be well connected with Heahtrow, without having to take a taxi, since its connected directly with Paddington Station and Heahtrow Express, so you are at Heathrow in approximately 15 min., as well as the tube station to take you in to the middle of the city. There are also very good stores in Paddington Station, if you need to purchase food, beverages or other things and have in the room. A taxi to Oxfood Street, close to the corner of Hyde Park and Park Lane (Selfridge) was about £2 more then to take the tube, which takes at least double the time. Good facilities, the Steam resaurant was not that good, breakfast nothing special and the gym was not as promised.Location 7/10:Exellent located from Heathrow, with direct connection in Paddington Station, with easy to find access. Its not right in the middle of London, but the Tube is also located in Paddington Station and taxis are not much more expansive to take you to for example Oxfood street.Lobby/Check-in 6/10:Huge lobby area and if you get in through Paddington Station, its on the opposite site and not that easy to find or see. The separate Hilton Honors check in was fast and they could easily help me with my request to change from double bed to a queen. Nothing special, not friendly, but not bad either.Room 5/10:The size of the room is quite big, but it all depends on what you are used to and what you compare with. All standard feautures like safe deposit (did fit my standard size, 15”, laptop), minibar, hair dryer, ironing board, internet connection for a fee. The TV was small for the room and not a flat screen or anything like that. Good size work desk and a small resting chair. The bed was big and very comfortable, which was good. Service was good, since my adapter did not work, they got one up to my room within a few minutes to lend. The bathroom was big and nice. A small minus for the very strange lights, but they worked amazingly well. A big size closet, that could easily fit clothes for two people staying longer. The mini bar is ok, with the basic things, but nothing special, like a small bottle of champange or similar. A plus is both a water boiler and a coffee maker.Restaurants 4/10:I had dinner at the Stress restaurant, which was average. It is more like a bar, with a few small “booths” with leather sofa groups. More open space then seatings, which is a bit negative. There was only one girl serving every one, and there were a lot of people there, due to the semi final in Euro 2008, and she could hardly understand english, or very poor at least. The menu was ok, but absolutely nothing special. On the net and in the information in the rooms, it sould like they have asian offerings of tempura and bento boxes, but that is not a fact, and the tempura was sold out already at 6 p.m., which seemed very strange, or poor management. Another negative thing, was that they serwed the appertizes at the same time as the main course, which I asked them to take back or it would get cold. The answer I got was that they always serve everything at the same time! But the manager saw that I commented on this and took the main course back (which was later the same plate and cold chicken, but I was to tired to discuss this). For the coffee, I asked for warm milk on the side, but it was ice cold, so I had to send that back as well. Over all, slow and poor service and the food was nothing special with their speciality sold out after half a day.The breakfast bufé is ok. I’m always comparing, so in my view, this is on the bottom half of them. It fills its purpose, but nothing special or specatcular. Many would probably argue that you do not need that much anyway, or that one eats very similar things for breakfast anyway, but when you had very special bufés, you get spoiled and want that all the time. The bread was almost out after half of the breakfast, since I got there after 1 ½ h and it was still the same time left. A plus was that you could get fresh omeletts made.Other:They have a gym/fitness center, and I even sent an email before arriving, asking for free weights and tread mills, which they said they have. They have two tread mills, one rowing machine, one “ski machine” and two bycycles. The gym consists of one breast machine, one back and one for legs…that was it! Really poor!It’s a huge hotel, so you might, as me; have to walk very far to your room. Overall, I think it’s a good hotel if you stay over for a night or maximum two. The connection with Paddington Station and Heahtrow Express/Tube station, is excellent and the reason I stayed here this time. You are at Heathrow in 15 minutes. I am not usually a lot in the room, so I might seem picky in my review, but I have stayed in A LOT of hotels, and therefore always compare and demand a lot, maybe to much often. This is an average Hilton hotel in a huge metropolitan city that fills it purpose of over night stays but with an excellent location to connections for moving around.	
Jun 27 2008 	Amazing hotel fabulous stay.	We stayed in the hotel for two nights including dinner on 1st night plus breakfast on each morning.We had a double room on the third floor overlooking the station roof. The room was very spacious for a London hotel, well soundproofed and the bed was really comfortable. We didn't have any problems with the water that others have mentioned - the marble bathrooms are really impressive. My only couple of disappointments were a) the kettle didn't work (but in their defence I kept forgetting to tell them but did when I checked out) and b) the chambermaid service didn't come to our room early enough and when we returned at 4pm to bathe and change for a trip to the theatre that evening the room still wasn't done.The food in this hotel is fantastic - I had saddle of lamb with apricot stuffing and bubble and squeak and my husband had chicken breast in a herb sauce with a potato cake. Just be careful of the price of drinks - £6 for a glass of wine and £4 for a tiny bottle of coke. The breakfast buffet is also fantastic although I'm not sure its worth paying the £18 or so if it isn't included in your room rate. There is everything you could ever imagine, even smoked salmon.Location-wise, this hotel is fantastic. Coming from the south-west of England, the train goes into Paddington station. To get to the hotel you go into the shopping mall, up the escalator and across a short footbridge and you're in the main foyer of the hotel. Someone else said if you go this way you have to walk through a load of corridors - they must have had their eyes shut!! In the morning, you just go back across the footbridge, into the station and down into the underground. I highly recommend buying an Oyster card (pay as you go) because the single fares are cheaper and if you make enough journeys your card is capped at the rate of a day travelcard meaning that you don't have to fiddle about with paper tickets any more or worry about going out of your permitted zones.I would definitely definitely stay here again, in fact I'm already looking to book my next stay.	
Jun 21 2008 	C.B. 	My neice and I stayed here in March 2008 for 8 days - We thought this hotel was EXCELLENT.....Our rate included free dinner on the first, third and fith night plus buffet breakfast each morning - Food was excellent, there was something to please everyone.The rooms were great - Very Clean and the bed was very, very comfortable....The bathroom had tons of space and was very nice.The staff were excellent and treated us very well.I would rate this Hotel 10 out of 10 and I will stay here again when I go back to London.	
Jun 9 2008 	Great location...uncomfortable beds	We stayed here for four days in the beginning of June 2008 after spending 13 days on a cruise. The hotel is very attractive on the outside and in a nice neighborhood filled with local restaurants and several food chains: BurgerKing, Pizza Hut, Subway and KFC. There were MANY indian restaurants which we loved. The meals were excellent and reasonably priced.The hitel has a nice lobby and a wonderful concierge. We used our Hilton points for the enitre stay. Our room was on the 4th floor on the side of the hotel. It was fairly quiet given its proximity to Paddington Train Station and St Mary's Hospital! Our room was lovely - very sapcious and modern. thankfully I brought an extension cord so I could have my CPAP next to the bed. We simply unplugged the cord from the other side of the room every morning. Our bed however was HORRIFIC! It was like someone had taken some wooden pallets and placed a thin foam mattress over the top. Every time you moved the bed would crack. It was hard as a rock.Convenience of this hotel was great. The Red bus (36 &amp; 436) picked up just down the street and brought us to major London sights. The Tube and the Train Station were connected to the hotel. The station itself had a Starbucks, YoSushi, another coffee place, small food Marks &amp; Spencer and a small Sainsbury. There were several other restaurants, sandwich shops, a Boots and a walk-in doctor.Despite the bed situation, we would stay here again. The nieghborhood and convenience were wonderful. Check out was breeze. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. We did not eat in the restaurant or bar as the prices were a bit steep for us. Plus we are addicted to Indian Food and wanted to eat locally.	
Jun 3 2008	Great Stay.	My wife and I stayed at the hotel for three nights from 29 May, and enjoyed the experience greatly. The room was clean and located on the 5th floor overlooking the train station roof, was as quiet as could be expected for London. We had booked breakfast and dinner on first night which we changed to third night as we were going to a show on Thursday - no problem. The breakfasts were great but the buffet evening meal, being included in the pkg, was moderate, slightly better than a pub meal although the salad bar starter was top class. We did have some issues with water presure in the shower every morning but it was a minor inconvienence. Overall, we would return, not only for the hotel itself but the location within the tube system was brillliant, having only once to change station to get to our destination.	
Jun 1 2008 	Not up to speed for the business traveller ; will not return to this hotel.	Overall an Okay hotel. What disappointed me however is the hotel's approach to handling my complaint about the internet connection. The connection was extremely slow, so I could not get my work done properly. Regardless, Hilton insisted that I pay GBP 15 for this service because I had used it. Basically, Hilton offers internet service at rates below dial-up rate. My colleague staying in another room had the same problems. For business travellers like myself, this gives great inconvenience. There's plenty of other choice in this area, so I will not return to this hotel.	
May 27 2008 	Fabulous Stay!	After reading some of the reviews on Trip Advisor, I was convinced my stay at the Hilton Paddington was going to be miserable, but I was more than satisfied with my stay. My room was upgraded upon arrival from a standard to a deluxe room, which was HUGE (especially compared to the hotel in Paris we had just come from). Our room (511) overlooked the inside of the train station, so there was no view to speak of, but it was fantastically quiet (when I checked in I said I did not want to be above the &quot;nightclub&quot; I had read about on Trip Advisor and the front desk person looked confused...I didn't see a nightclub while I was there either, although there was a bar.) The bed was just fine and I showered at night, so I had no issues with water temperature or pressure at all. My husband said it got hot once during his morning shower but only for a few seconds. Certainly nothing to even think twice about. We had breakfast and dinner included with our hotel package and all of our meals were great. There are so many options at the breakfast buffet, if you try something and don't like it, don't eat it...there's plenty of other options. I didn't have much from the hot breakfast, but husband had no complaints about it. The orange juice was particularly yummy. All of our servers were very pleasant and attentive.The location was not near anything particularly touristy, but it is right on a tube stop, so it was ultra-convenient.I would definitely stay there again.	
May 27 2008 	Intentionally misleading info on internet access?	The hotel is integrated with Paddington station, and extremely convenient for those who need to spend a night before catching the express train to Heathrow. Clean, modern rooms, good breakfast.My only complaint is that the reservation said (translated to mixed case from all caps, punctuation as in the original): &quot;Double Hilton guestroom contemporary decor air conditioning, broadband, wi-fi, safe holiday special includes buffet breakfast full prepayment required, no refund&quot;It turns out that internet access is charged at the rate of GBP15 per day. My reading of the above text is that internet access is included. (They didn't charge extra for the air conditioning!) When I remarked to the desk clerk that this was very close to false advertising, she said she would call it to the attention of management. I am not holding my breath.	
May 18 2008	Not impressed	This hotel may have a connecting bridge direct to Paddington Station however; this is about the only positive feedback I would give. The front desk staff are clueless and when posed with a problem would rather walk away then continue to discuss and find a solution. In addition the only bar serving drinks that night had been rented out to a private party for the night, meaning all hotel guests have to sit in a cold lobby with no drinks.If someone asked if I would stay here again the answer would certainly be no, and it has certainly put me off using any hilton hotel in the future.	
May 18 2008 	Very nice stay	My girlfriend and I booked the hotel thorugh londontown.com, for about £100 a night. I've been in London a numberous of times and i've often paid more than that for a lousy basement room in central London. The 100 quid inckluded a dinner the first night and a rich breakfast buffet every day. We got a large, clean room on the 5th floor, and we was not disturbed as some of the other travellers discribes in the reviews. The location is brilliant. Just across the street from Paddington tube station and connected to the Paddington train station. Its also a lot uf busses you can take down to Oxford street.Sometimes when you book a room for a pleasure trip in a posh hotel, the staff seems to ignore you a bit. This was NOT case at Hilton Paddington. All of the staff was friendly and helpfull.	
Apr 26 2008	not great	i was not overly impressed with this hotel..... we had to make our own beds with single quilts and double quilt covers .... the 3rd bed was just about on the floor so we ended up all sleeping in a double bed well.... 2 singles pushed together so i was the one that fell down the middle..... apart from this is was ok!	
Apr 20 2008 	Great Location	Good value if you book one of the special weekend packages. Expensive if you don't. Great location , beside Paddington station. Staff are helpful, although restaurant staff are a bit distracted and servcie charge is included even when you but a glass of wine at the bar !! However, I have stayed twice and will go back, because of the location and value for money ( if you get a deal !)	
Mar 28 2008 	Impressive Hotel Service rather matter of fact	I've stayed at many of the Hilton properties in London and the Hilton Paddington rates towards the top of my list.The hotel has quite an impressive reception area. The bedrooms (I was fortunate to be upgraded to a suite) are art-deco in style and this fits well with the historic location. The bedroom area was nicely furnished with a very large comfortable bed and the bathroom was spotless. All in all very pleasant.The hotel was easy to find as access to the hotel can be made directly from Paddington station concourse. However as this is effectively the rear entrance to the hotel you have to find your way through to reception.Service was very matter of fact rather than welcoming. However this is just a very minor thing in my opinion if the hotel itself meets my expectations.	
Mar 18 2008 	Overall good experience a few minor problems	This is a very nice hotel and reasonably priced for London.The good:- Decent sized room with comfortable bed- Clean and good service- Being adjacent to Paddington is wonderful,you have all the shops next to the train station includingSainsbury's and Marks &amp; Spencer for groceries. Pharmacy and light food restaurants too!Suggestions: get an executive room with breakfast included.You can have breakfast, drinks and snacks in the exective lounge included in your room fee. Well worth it.Problems:- Water temperature in shower fluctuates wildly.- Thermostats in room do nothing. You cannotadjust the temperature to an exact number, just hot/cold,fan on or off. Even so, it seemed completely ineffective.Confirmed issue with other guests in hotel in other rooms.Had to open the window (during winter) to keep cool.These issues MUST be addressed in a 4 star hotel.	
Mar 11 2008	Oooh	A real copper bottomed treat of a hotel. Fancy some ice? - why not use the bespoke ice machine. Fancy a can of rockstar energy and 10 lammers? visit one of the many local shops on hand for such glorious and essential bounty. The hotel itself has a pleasing mock art deco style, which is mirrored in friendly hospitality and the fact my bank details were not stolen when i accidentally left my casher on the floor. The shower left a bit to be desired as it was often quite cold, but that was probably due to me doing something wrong. Rooms? - smashing! - Spacious, clean and roomy. Being close to the west end you may even find yourself spotting the rich &amp; famous. On my first night i was amazed to see 'Paul' from TV's neighbours in the adjoining casino, and on night number 2 musician John Driver could be sighted making his way along one of the buzzing yet leafy thoroughfares. oh to be one of the giltterati! (if only briefly!) Vive le Hilton Paddington!!	
Mar 3 2008 	Convenient Location and Nice Executive Room	Location very convenient, although $60USD return on Heathrow Express needs to be factored in. For late arrival at airport this is probably more convenient than waiting around for airport hotel shuttle. Stayed in very large executive room, which was quite comfortable. Breakfast in lounge also good, but selection not as good as other Hilton hotels I have stayed at. As I booked well in advance, and stayed on Friday night, rate was $250USD with taxes, which is excellent for 4-Star hotel in central London. Overall, will stay again during next visit to London.	
Mar 2 2008 	Great locastion clean and tidy.	We arrived late, checked out two rooms and settled for a executive room at the 5th floor and had the luck to get it at a reasonable price. The location is truly an asset, having most of central London near.The heating though did not work properly so as we came back after a meal at 23.30 the room was much overheated and nothing could be done about it, the staff told us. The brought us a fan :-) and our temper escalated with the heat in the room. After a lot of hassle, arguing with the manager for the night, looking at another not really nice room in the 2nd floor, we finally forced ourselves to a small room on the 6th floor with a terrace, things started to work really well. A lot of hassle finally turned things to the better. The room was clean, convenient and nice. The terrace would have been even nicer to have had if it was during summer.The staff at the hotel are extremely helpful (apart from the “manager”) from the front desk to the concierge. As a matter of fact the concierge was really the best about this hotel, apart from the location. Thank you for all the great help.The executive lounge is a really good extra you should nit miss out on. If you can get yourself upgraded to that feature you should really consider booking this hotel.Another very positive note was that they finally charged us only for a standard double making up for the initial hassle. This surely made us very positive to the entire stay. To sum it all up; book the hotel for the location and if you get a good price, but make sure to have a room that works as it should.	
Feb 28 2008 	Do Not Recommend	We stayed at the Paddington HIlton from Feb 22-25, 2008 while in London for business. While I agree the location is extremely convenient from Heathrow, that's about the only positive in our stay. The key issues were:- wake up calls didn't happen. for business hotels, this is obviously a big problem- when a call was placed to inquire about extending stay, we were told, the &quot;system is down, call back tomorrow&quot;. needless to say, we didn't bother. - rates are wacky. a colleague and i were charged vastly different rates (140 vs 300 pounds per night) despite the same room type, etc. when this was brought to management, they simply refused to make an adjustment. evidently at the hilton, the customer is NOT always right. - it's a business hotel, but they charge 15 pounds ($30) per day for Internet access. If you want both wifi for lobby and also T-1 in your room it costs 3o pounds - $60 - per day. - bathroom was spacious but musty. lighting was spotty. shower water temp was highly variable.- they nickel and dime customers for everything - and you can't sit in the lobby without being repeatedly asked to purchase something by a serverI would not recommend this hotel for professional or personal travel. take the express to paddington - then go find a better hotel.	
Feb 28 2008 	Loved it unique hotel with loads of character and great story!	Ended up in this hotel after a last minute booking for a &quot;secret&quot; hotel and was very pleasantly surprised! Hotel has a unique entrance and location at the and of the train line. Hotel is packed with history. Top tip: read the book on the history of the hotel, to be found in every room, truly a unique story which adds a lot of flair and a sense of magic to this nice hotel. Food was on par, location is great in nice neighboorhood with good restaurants. rooms were a bit small as everywhere in london, but has everything you need and looks modern and decent. Recommended, unique story and location gives it a lot of extra flair, something special.	
Feb 13 2008 	One of the more enjoyable stays in London	I selected the Hilton London Paddington after an exhaustive search of hotels in the Paddington Station area. Flying into Heathrow at 10 pm, a hotel in the Paddington area seemed the best choice. Plus I have stayed in this area in the past and rather enjoyed it. For those who are not aware, the Hilton London Paddington is attached to the Paddington train station.I was able to book a nonrefundable advance room for 109 GBP per night. Anything in the 100 pound range in London is a good deal. The advance purchase might not be everyone's cup of tea though. No cancellation for any reason. So be sure of your plans.Upon arrival the check-in process was fast and my room was upgraged from a standard to a deluxe. This is a slow time of year for travel so I am sure they had plenty of rooms to spare. The room was spotless and featured a double bed. Well actually two twin beds together. This is pretty common when booking a double in Europe. The room size was large by European standards. Other than sirens, general noise from outside was not noticed.The room also featured two chairs, a small table, a desk and chair, a small dry bar area with coffee, tea and biscuits along with the ever overpriced Hilton minibar. Closet and drawer space were more than adequate for two people. The bath was acceptable size and spotless. Very soft fluffy towels and standard bath articles you would expect. Hey, this hilton had wash clothes.... a new experience in London.The stay was without any problems. Internet access is steep, so budget that in if you plan on using it. One word of caution about the showers. Every now and then you have to make a quick step back from the water as it will become unbearably hot. Guess someone close by flushed. Other than that, out of a half dozen or so hotels I've stayed in in London, this was the best.	
Feb 11 2008 	great stay	Had a great stay at the hotel very well situated and rooms lovely, only two things i things i think would of made our stay nicer than it was is quciker breakfast service waited ages to get in for breakest then again to get our breakfast then had to line up agin to make toast ....breakfast was cold by tht time,stayed in cheaper hotels with 100% better organised way and hotter results. One more thing bar closed too early on a satuerday night ....was looking forward to going back to a lovely hotel to relax in the bar before going to bed........we were allowed into a private party which onlt sold bottles and worked out £9 a pint which is a bit pricey .........in anyones mind.	
Feb 5 2008 	Very Impressed	Stayed at the Hilton London Paddington during February 2008. Excellent weekend deal obtained via londontown.com website including 2 nights accommodation, dinner, bed and breakfast. Upon arrival the hotel upgraded us and the room was fabulous. Clean, spacious and quiet. The location of the hotel is excellent, particularly as our arrival station was Paddington, and then only a 10 minute tube ride to the centre. A perfect location for visiting the major central London attractions.Food at the hotel was superb. The choice at dinner was vast and the food was of an excellent standard. The breakfast was one of the best I have ever had. The amount of food available was huge and catered for all tastes. We ate a large breakfast both days and we didn't need to buy lunch as we were still full. Only negative was that the queue for a table at breakfast was long, particularly as this was a rugby weekend, so would advise to go down early if you don't want to wait. Drinks at the hotel bar were very expensive but not really surprising. All of the staff were very helpful and polite. Be advised if you even move any of the items in the minibar you will be charged. We were not aware of this and used the fridge to store our own drinks but after explaining the situation the hotel refunded the charges with no hassle.Will definitely use this hotel next time we visit London and will definitely recommend to our friends.	
Feb 5 2008 	Again very satisfied	We stayed at the Hilton Paddington for the 3rd time and were very satisfied again.Location:If you arrived at Heathrow, the location of this Hotel cannot be beaten. Its right above Paddington Station where the Heathrow Express arrives ater a 15 minutes nonstop journey from Heathrow airport. Just go along the platform, go up an escalator and you are right in the lobby.Paddingtom area is very nice, plenty of Pubs, restaurants and shops around the hotel. we also love the supermarket in the station hall, open till midnight. Post office next to the hotel and you can buy bus passes in a slittle shop opposite to the hotel entrance.we always take the bus to Osxord street and Picadilly Circus, bus 23 stopping right in front of the hotel, very convenient. Also bus 88 going to Camden Town market is stopping in front of the hotel.Hotel:we did not find a better hotel in London during our many stays. Its definitively not run down as some stated here. Roms are big for London standards, although sized vary from OK to big. Bathrooms are also OK, and water pressure is excellent (which is not for given in London).we always book the rate including dinner at first night and breakfasts. Would not have breakfast in the hotel for the regular price since there are so many stores and cafes around, also a Starbucks in the train station.But quality of food is very good and we enjoyed it since its included in the rate.This time we had a room on 6th floor and street view. View was little obstructed since there was a little wall outside, so you could not see down to the street, but it was OK for us. Staff:As we are used in London, staff was not overfriendly, but very efficient and OK.	
Feb 3 2008 	Not worth it	Me and my friend spent two nights at Hilton London Paddington. And the expericence wasnt very good.1st of all, the staff at the desk seemed to be very annoying and was more busy to write on their computers than listen to what we had to say when we checked in. That resulted in that they charged us for three nights instead of two. We also asked them for turning the sofa in the &quot;living room&quot; (we rented a suite on 1st floor) to a bed. But it wasn´t done until way asked for it a 2nd time. We asked for it the 1st time at lunch but when we got back to the hotel at 8 pm, it wasnt done, so we asked them again. There was no TV set in the &quot;living room&quot; part. (I know that it isnt requierd from the hotel but they really should have it)The desktop to the internet-TV didnt work at all, so we couldnt get online on the internet from the room. The page on the TV where we could look at our bill wasnt working either. The name was correct but where the costs was going to be shown it was just: -At the breakfast at the executive there was no white bread (toast) or boiled eggs. The milk was not cold at all and the juice wasnt pure either. For a hotel for this kind of category of price, it was really bad, expecially when one bad thing come after the other bad thing. Some may have complained about the noice from the street but both me and my friend just love it because it just gets this &quot;living on a hotel in a big city&quot; feeling. So thats was no prob. The good part was the location, inside the lively Paddington Station and along a street with many shops and restaurants. And staying at the suite was really comfortable with big rooms, a bathroom and last but not least, no queue to the breakfast.	
Jan 26 2008 	Pricey good but not out of this world	I was there from 1/12 -1/19 for business which paid for the room. It was a &quot;delux&quot; room, so better than standard, but not the top they offered. It was about $530 a night with taxes, which I would have never paid on my own. It is probably nicer than many hotels in the area, but not sure it justifies that price. The staff provided much better service than most help you get in the city, so take that for what it is worth. The biggest benefit is their location attached to the station. This is helpful not just for travel by train/tube, but also because of all the food stands/shops that are open late in the station, including 2 grocery stores that are open till midnight. The hotel had a very small room in the fridge for personal use, but it did whole some yogurt/juice we got at the stores. Yes, if anything moves from the minibar in the fridge, you will get charged, but they took it off when I told them it was accidentally bumped. The tea/coffee machine and condiments in the room were nice, given how little is complimentary in London. The bed is the big thing I wanted to let everyone know about. Yes, comfy blankets and duvet, but the mattress is only about 10&quot; and not very supportive. This really surpised me. It was really bad the first night, I woke up with my back really hurting, so we had them add a couple of extra comforters under the sheet which helped and we got used to it. You just don't expect that when you pay so much. When you sit down (I'm 175 lbs), you can feel yourself &quot;hit&quot; the board underneath. However, others I talked to said their beds elsewhere weren't much better. Warning, their room keys seem to easily get swiped by other credit cards or cell phones, I had to get a new one about 3 times in a week. On the good side, my girlfriend used the gym and said it was very nice. The front desk always had plenty of people working and housekeeping did a good job.	
Jan 25 2008 	great hotel	we expected a tiny box of a room what a great suprise we had . room had room to move!!!the bathroom was great aswell only problem was water went a bit hot and cold.we would stay here in a flash again.the breakfast was excellent to.highly recommend	
Jan 23 2008 	Jolly old London town !	How convenient is this place !? It is quite something to deplane at Heathrow, walk down into the train station and hop one all the way to the Paddington ( Paddington Bear that is ) station and, not quite 15 minutes later, exit up straight away into the Hotel lobby. This Heathrow Express is a bargain at 31 pounds for 2 people - compared to 70 pounds (that's 140$ Canadian) to cab into town !!! Wow !!!All right, I will admit , it is expensive. Mind you England is expensive - period. I mean 7 $ (Canadian) for a latte at Starbuck's ??? I digress ... The accommodations are stylish, modern and clean. The staff is fast and polite. Room-service is good. The chicken soup is fab !The breakfast buffet is varied and plentiful. Just make sure you ask for milk or creme for your coffee --- because their cream is heavy cream --- yummmmm! The bath products are scented Crabtree and Evelyn - fantastic! However the plumbing , in London in general, is quirky at best. Do go shopping on Oxford street. It's so much fun. Do visit Harrod's --- what an adventure. And , well , even Big Ben and The Palace are splendid and amazing under driving wind and rain. And don't forget the Paddington Bear kiosk, if just for a trinket. There are day passes for the Tube. Lots of mileage to be gotten from one. Do the touristy stuff. A full week is needed, at the least. Cheers !	
Jan 16 2008	Great Hotel	I booked this hotel for its location. I was arriving in London late at night on a Saturday, had all Sunday to walk around the city and had to leave, via Heathrow, on Monday afternoon. Staying near Paddington station was crucial because I wanted to make the most out of the few hours I had in the city and didn’t want to waste any time with transportation to-from Heathrow. The Hilton Paddington is conveniently located next to Paddington train station and taking the Heathrow express is as easy as it can be because the hotel is connected to the station. I wanted to take the 3:20PM to the airport. I left my room at 3:05, dropped the express check-out envelope inside its box and was seating at my seat on the train at 3:10. It doesn’t get any easier than that. If you have access to the Executive Lounge, you’ll have a nice view of inside Paddington Station. I stayed at one of the Executive rooms and it was extremely spacious. The bathroom was excellent and it had two showers, one inside the bathtub and another one on the side of the bathroom. It’s excellent for two people in a hurry to shower at the same time using separate showers.The hotel is also very near Hyde Park, just a few blocks, and Paddington Tube station is literally in front of the hotel.The only bad thing I have to say is about the dinner that was included with the rate I booked. I found the food to be horrible and ended up easting just bread and dessert. Also, to pay 12 pounds (almost $25 U.S. dollars) for a small bottle of water is an outrage. The waiters were not so friendly and made the whole dinner experience a not so pleasant one. Don’t waste your money on that.Aside from this minor incident, my stay at the Hilton Paddington was worth every single pound that I paid for and I’ll definitely stay there again the next time I return to London.	
Jan 9 2008 	Great in London	After switching to this hotel from a rundown B and B we loved it. I traveled with my younger brother and our parents and we all enjoyed it. In London there are no family rooms so we decided we could all fit in a suite. Upon arrival they bumped us an executive suite which enabled us to use the executive lounge! I have never had this opportunity and even though most of this hotel are business people I felt like royalty. There was included breakfast and drinks and small appetizers near dinner time. This saved us a lot of money and time so we were able to explore London. The hotel is part of the train station and we would just go down stairs and be able to go into a food court and grocery store. For a perfect location (across street from underground) and beautiful rooms this is the best place I have stayed at in London.	
Dec 22 2007	Perfect Location Good Value	I enjoyed my weekend stay here. Central location with express train to Heathrow steps from the hotel. It took only 10-15 minutes to reach Piccadilly Circus via the tube. Very large rooms (especially for London standards) and in good condition. If you are flying into Heathrow, want a large and pretty well appointed room at a reasonable rate, this is the hotel for you.	
Dec 21 2007 	The most convenient location from Heathrow	Heathrow Express makes this hotel a great choice for a stay in London. Being able to find your hotel 15 minutes after leaving the airport is a big relief after you have been stuck on a plane for the previous 10 hours due to weather delays. I also made use of the Sainsbury's for drinks and snacks (M&amp;S Simply Food also had a very good selection) since the minibar is overpriced. I also recommend (as other have) using the internet cafe across the street instead of the 15 pounds/day for wireless in your room. Paddington is a very convenient station to get to many places in London since it is on four different Tube lines (this especially comes in handy when there are delays on certain lines). I also would recommend getting an Oyster Card at the Tube station since it saves you a ton of money over buying tickets seperately. West Cornwall Pasties in the station wasn't a bad alternative to more typical fast food like McDonald's and Burger King. Room was pretty standard (even though I was told I got a deluxe room as a Gold Hilton Honors member). Decent sized bathroom, but nothing really special. Could use a renovation, but it was sufficient for my stay of four nights. Staff was very helpful and kind with any questions I had.	
Dec 18 2007 	Pretty rough for price but good location	Don't book this hotel if you're looking for something special as it is a typical run down and overpriced London hotel.If all you want is a base in Paddington for a night then you may consider it for it's location - and book through an online agent to get a better price (we used booking.com). Otherwise don't bother.Anne	
Dec 16 2007 	Overpriced too greedy	We stayed in the hotel, arrived early, at 7 am, but no early check inn possible, because the hotel is always full. Also the lobby is full and to busy, so we rented a conference room for 6 people to meet. This price was 90 Euro per hour!! As we used our room till 16:00 the same day, we got upset because they charged us full night rate instead of day rate. For sure they sold our rooms twice !! Our bill was for 2 normal rooms, whom we used a few hours, including 4 hours conference room was total 1000 Euro, excluding meals, because trhey have not a representative restaurant. Comments were not accepted, the cashier had no authority to respond, only the power to charge which he did right away on our credit card. This hotel is well positioned at the end of the Heathrow express station, so I guess they can afford themselves act like this.	
Dec 11 2007 	So so so bad.	Ill keep this short.This hotel, in my opinion, sums everything up that is bad about corporate travel. Our rate was £297 for B&amp;B in what was supposedly an ugrade type room........to put this in perspective this rate is almost €400 which puts you in the four seasons / ritz cartlon bracket in Dublin.On arrival at the hotel we were greeted by an extremely rowdy and rough party crowd.......ok it is xmas and the staff dos are in full flow - but surely a simple party shouldnt cause the hotel to litterally look like a bomb had gone off. There were people staggering everywhere, bottles, pint glasses, people asleep ..... i could go on. Our room was typical Hitlon drab, wannabe art deco - no surprise there - but wait! we have been charged almost £300 - the room was basic. Even by Hilton standards - shower was poor, products were cheap - I only mention this because at this price everything should be luxurious.It most certainly wasnt. Our bed was large but so so so uncomfortable.....it had a lip around the outside of the matress that was hard as wood. Odd. Tv etc were mid 90's tack. The next morning we were hungry - and had planned on availing of breakfast. As were dressing - three times staff knocked on the door ( it was only 830am BTW ) twice to ask if they could clean room and the other to ask if he could re-stock mini bar........seriously go away..!!!Breakfast was crap. Im sorry I wont waste my time here - hard and rubbery bacon, awful &quot;fresh fruit&quot;, tar like coffee etc etc. And all served in this glaringly bright, cheaply desgined dinging room.We couldnt get out of there quick enough.you might read this and say - well its a Hilton hotel what does he expect. Remember our rate - £297!!!!!! Its a disgrace that they can get away with this.	
Dec 7 2007	Great home for 4 nights	I had a great 4-night stay at the Hilton London Paddington. All of the staff were courteous. We reserved a double room as that is all the hotel had left, but requested a room with two beds. While the hotel said that this couldn't be accomodated because the tour groups had already booked up the 2-bedded rooms, we were given a nice room on the top floor overlooking the station. While this might seem noisy, it is totally quiet, and I think much more quiet than overlooking Praed St out front (alternative is to have one of the interior-facing rooms where you face another room).The room was bright and clean and calls to get an extra blanket or change a broken floor lamp were quickly addressed. Only thing is that the temperature/water pressure could be dodgy in the shower sometimes - I think when a close-by room flushes the toilet! We got complimentary breakfast (HHonors Gold member - no access to Executive Lounge or upgrade, but I thought the breakfast was the best value)... This was great as we could load up on the plentiful food to last us past lunch in this expensive city!And of course the location is super, especially if you're flying to/from Heathrow. You don't even have to go outside to get to the trains, and it's across the street or down the block from 3 underground lines. Plus, there's a Sainsbury market around the corner inside the station (so again you don't have to walk outside) for drinks, snacks, etc. Like the previous poster, we used the internet in the internet cafe across the street (Reload Internet - in the basement). 5 pounds for 5 hours. I'd definitely choose to stay here again.	
Nov 28 2007 	Great stay at the Hilton London Paddington	My wife and I spent 5 nights at the Hilton London Paddington on our way home from a trip to Greece. We were greeted warmly and efficiently - and given a room upgrade at check-in to a very nice &quot;double-double&quot;. (Whatever that means in Hilton Hotel speak - still it helps to join up for loyalty programs.) Our room was a spacious room with chairs, desk, dresser, and a king size bed. Bathroom was also roomy for London. Great view onto the front of the hotel - and room was very quiet.Breakfast was included in the rate, which we enjoyed immensely - both for its convenience and food choices. Travel connections via the Tube were great and easy. Travel to/from Heathrow was a breeze with the Heathrow Express just a few minutes from our room. Lots of good restaurant choices in the rail station or nearby. Short walk to Hyde Park or a bit longer to the Kensington area. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I know it is a big chain hotel - but we had a great experience and would definitely consider staying here again. Reservations were made on the hotel website about two months in advance. They charge an arm and a leg for telephone or internet - we went across the street and had unlimited internet and phone for the week at a local internet cafe for $20.	
Nov 27 2007 	nightmare experience	I stayed in the London Paddington on Friday 23rd November. I booked to stay using the hotel website on Nov. 20th for one night. I tried to pay using my debit card but it did not accept it and then I used my Visa credit card, however the dates changed to the default dates which were the 21st to 22nd. I did not realise this until I tried to check into the hotel on Friday 23rd. I explained the error to the staff and manager but was still charged for both the wednesday and Friday night which came to £166.33 per night.To make matters worse on Friday night I was given a room (number 212) over the night club and was kept awake until 3.30am. I phoned the reception but nothing was done to reduce the noise. Despite using earplugs the noise was unbearable. I'm sure others would have found this also. There was no soundproofing and the windows were old and not double glazed therefore the street traffic was also clearly audible. I was ogive £13 off the price of the room to make up for the lack of sleep which I found completely unsatisfactory. This experience would turn me off staying in one of these hotels ever again.If anyone else has had a similar experience I would like to be informed as if there is a fault on this website I may have grounds for a refund.	
Nov 12 2007 	Loved for its Location etc.	Once again we have come back from a trip to England with two stays at Hilton London Paddington - on arrival and just before leaving the UK. This time we have mixed feelings - but would still book and stay there on all future trips.To clear up the &quot;breakfast problem&quot; let me say, at the outset, that the breakfasts are far too expensive to buy outright (at 20 GBP each) unless included in a price deal. The breakfast room Manager has to act as an aggressive doorman - letting in only those people who are &quot;on the list&quot; for the inclusive breakfasts (or those poor souls who are willing to pay out $80 for two breakfasts !!)Admittedly there is a Starbucks right outside the door - all under cover from the weather etc. - we tried it once this year and it is OK for the usual Starbucks fare - but space and busy-busy make breakfast there uncomfortable and crowded.Be aware - breakfast is included in some room rates at this hotel and we make sure by asking over and over again that the pre-booked room includes breakfast. This works.Howver - this year one of our pre-bookings (which included breakfast) was made several months ahead and the details had somehow fouled up in the 'system'. Our mention that our room had breakfast included was challenged by the Breakfast Manager - and we were &quot;sent back&quot; to Reception - where the Reception Manager also challenged our Room/Breakfast booking. We let him know that we had a copy of the confirmation Email regarding the booking details - so we were then &quot;sent upstairs&quot; to the 6th Floor to retrieve our Email to show him!!(Moral: always travel with paper confirmations for all things).To say the least we thought it insulting to have to prove our honesty, rude to send a woman (who is a seasoned traveler and certainly not a stroppy kid) upstairs for &quot;proof of breakfast&quot;, and then no apology (until asked) for such unprofessional behaviour from the Reception Manager. They must have an enormous problem with people trying to steal breakfast!!All that said, we have booked again for next year as this hotel is so right for our Heathrow/Paddington travel plans - and the beds are clean and comfortable.	
Oct 28 2007	Sludge Tour Mk III	We were part of a group booking as a coach party, hence the name Sludge as he arranges it all! I think it was around £140 for 2 nights stay, including breakfast. I don't know how he does it; especially with us being there for the Southend v Carlisle football game, which Carlisle won. Whoopee!I don't know anyone who did not like the hotel rooms. They are very spacious and I cannot understand people who say they are not. The only downside was that everyone got a King Size bed regardless of whether you were a couple or not. They do not seem to do 2 singles...or 2 doubles! Strange!However, the bed itself is oh, so comfy, all in white. Very nice duvet and the cleanliness was fantastic. The whole of the hotel was extremely clean which is always a good sign. Apparently, it was all renovated at a cost of £60 million 10 years ago!!! Money well spent in my opinion!A top notch hotel like this one is always very expensive, so the mini bar was left well alone. However, the prices are displayed on the top, plus a menu for eating in bed if you want. No thanks!Our breakfast was included but there was a bit of wrangling to do as the chap showing us our table said we weren't on the list (coach parties are 2nd class citizens in the UK) but once my fiance him who we were he was OK about it. Glad we didn't have to fork out £16 for the breakfast - or whatever it was. Extortionate or what! There was everything though, to be fair, from the full cooked English variety to the Continental style..and the tea and coffee flowed nicely, always good after a night out! No teaspoons though; not on our first morning there. How odd! &quot;Big hotels don't do cutlery&quot; my boyfriend said. I think he's right!Someone placing an earlier review seemed to think there was no hairdryer. Well, I found one in a drawer! All you do is take it out, swich it on, then put it back in its little &quot;housing&quot; when you're done. It was ace!The bathroom was what I expected; massive!! No complaints whatsoever with the big bath, the shower over (German make beginning with &quot;G&quot; that I can never remember) which is easy to use, and the large sink with de-misted glass above it. It took a while to get the water hot in the sink but managed it after manouvering the mixer tap around a bit! Lovely toiletries included too (Crabtree &amp; Evelyn) with the most amazingly-smelling soap. I loved it! Lots of towels, etc that were changed daily by the wonderful (I think Polish) cleaner. Her boss came round to check everything was OK, which was a nice touch. Got extra toilet rolls on request as these hotels NEVER, EVER give you enough. Always the cheap stuff as well!The funniest time we had was venturing into the Steam Bar/Night Club attached to the hotel. Funny because the prices were unbelievably massive. Even for a Red Bull (which is foul) it costs about £3.50! John bought 3 bottles of Magners Cider (the smaller bottles) and it cost him £18!!!!!!! Unfortunately, if you want to drink late then you have no choice but to go in the Steam Bar. I think it is ridiculous that 24 hour drinking has supposed to come into force but most places seem to shut at 11pm still. There is a Charles Dickens pub nearby (the Longest Pub in London) that closed its doors at 11pm on a Saturday night. Unacceptable in my view.Before going in there we went to the Scotch Scotch Steak House which is virtually next door to the above-mentioned pub. The prices are reasonable but beware of the 10% surcharge that is added onto the bill only when you see it on the receipt, it is not included in the prices you see on the menu. The food was lovely though, no complaints there.I would recommend this hotel for anyone wishing for a good night's sleep, lovely food at breakfast time, relaxing, laid-back atmosphere, oh and you MUST buy a Paddington Bear. I've got one (the price of it was won for me by John in the Casino next door) and he's adorable. All different sizes are displayed in see-through cases in front of the reception desk, prices on the top. Mine was £22 but is the biggest bear of them all. Very cute. It's worth staying in this hotel just to come out with one of those!!Seriously though, I cannot fault this hotel and would definitely go back.	
Oct 26 2007 	Dull but convenient	This hotel is very convenient but nothing special. Nothing stands out except for the conceirge who went above and beyond in assisting me. The front desk quoted me a price that was very high. I called Hilton on the #800 line and got it for half-price. The price for the Internet is ridiculous. 15 pounds for $30!	
Oct 21 2007 	Boring but convenient	Have had many meetings at the location because it's right on top of Paddington Station, but this was the first time staying over. As I write this review 4 weeks after my stay, I can recall that getting to the room was higgledy-piggledy, the room was clean (if a bit small) and I slept well. Otherwise, it was fairly non-descript. Hence, a more neutral rating.	
Oct 12 2007 	Perfect hotel for a flying visit to the capital	This hotel is attached to Paddington Station, with a fantastic sneaky entrance that avoids the London rain. There is also a Starbucks next to this station entrance which is good to know if your stay does not include breakfast (it never does when you book cheap and last minute) - not just Starbucks on the doorstep but a whole host of eateries within the station.Upon entering the hotel you pass through a lovely plush recepion, with a smooth check in process and pleasant staff. This part is all good.The room was a a beautifully decorated corner room, all the mod cons, fantastic coffee making facilities - filter coffee - yum. The complimentary biscuits present and correct and there is a well stocked, but expensive, mini bar. In fact, I only have one complaint about the whole stay and it's very minor... In the mini bar, when I went to store my own bottle of water in the space they allocate for your own stuff, there was already a half drunk bottle in there left by the previous occupant. That's it, the entire sum of the negative.The positive - great check in and check out - quick with friendly staff, lovely room, great facilities, air con and heating as required. I can't really list more than this as I was only there one night!Value for money.	
Oct 12 2007 	Service OK Rooms GREAT Location GREAT!	Our first impression of this hotel was calling at 7 in the morning to ask if we could leave our large suitcases with the concierge for a couple of days while we took a side trip for the weekend. (We didn't want to check in any luggage due to the strict regulations at Heathrow.) The guy at the front desk said that was fine. We spent the next hour getting to the hotel, only to find a new guy at the front desk telling us that was absolutely not possible. He was really quite a jerk, and very insistent. But after we asked to speak with the manager, it somehow all got sorted out - and they did store our luggage. So being persistent paid off!When we came back, we paid for a 25 pound upgrade to an Executive Suite (this was part of a business trip - company-paid.) First thing we saw was this huge flat screen plasma on 360-rotating pole in the middle of the room! Touch-button lights, sitting area, large terrace with furniture and view of the London Eye and a few churches, separate (fabulous) shower with great toiletries! We were very comfortable there. We also got a free breakfast in the Executive Lounge, along with hors d'oeuvres throughout the day, free internet, and drinks. (Internet service in the room was 15 pounds from noon to noon.)We hadn't reserved a hotel for the last part of our trip b/c we didn't know if we would be staying in London. After deciding to, I went to lastminute.uk to see what was available. (BTW, if you are going to stay in London, book on lastminute.uk as hotel selection is plentiful and prices are lower than you'd find on the US lastminute.com website.) I found a &quot;Mystery Hotel&quot; (they don't tell you the name, but you get to see the location and amenities). The description stated that it was an art deco hotel that was recently renovated; a 4 star hotel for a 2 star price.Overall, other than the service, we were very happy here. The location is great (literally attached to Paddington station - which has both underground/tube and railway services, along with the Paddington Express to Heathrow in 15 minutes.) The station also has a Marks &amp; Spencer and a Sainsbury grocery store that's open until midnight, so if you want a soda but don't want to pay 4 pounds for it, then go down to the station and pick up one for 1.50.Another heads up - we were told that if you so much as lift up an item from its designated spot in the mini bar, there's a computer in the mainframe that detects the change in weight and charges you for it. So double check your final bill before you check out!Everything in London is pricey, so I don't think this hotel was comparatively overpriced for the room we got. I would definitely stay again.	
Oct 3 2007	Surprised by the quality	The hotel is attached to Paddington Station so it is a very convenient location if you're staying briefly in London--just take the express train back and forth to Heathrow.The hotel was immaculate with well appointed rooms and pleasant staff. As a business traveler just looking for a quiet, hassle-free place to stay, it was perfect.	
Sep 26 2007	Great Location	Stayed here after a 2 week stay on the West End. Good location - great for the train to Heathrow. Large rooms - added a rollaway bed with plenty of room. Re: previous comment - hairdryer is in the desk drawer!! Only complaint - any phone calls cost a fortune (charge by the minute for calling card calls) and there is NO pay phone in hotel. Phones at Paddington station only take credit or debit cards with no cost exhibited. This was a bummer. Overall, would stay again because of ease of traveling. Clean rooms and very comfortable beds (even rollaway). Hot water can be tricky early in the morning.	
Sep 19 2007 	Could not be better!!!!	We stayed at Paddingto Hilton Twice on our European holiday in 2006. Both times the room was large &amp; the service excellent. It is perfectly located for the trains &amp; the Hop on Hop off bus is just around the corner. Both times we had a weekend deal which included 2 x breakfasts &amp; one dinner which was excellent. It is a very very nice hotel &amp; we would go back in a heartbeat.	
Sep 12 2007 	great value weekend package	We have just spent a weekend in the Hil;ton, Paddington and were very impressed by the value, courtesy and immaculate room.The staff were very friendly and the concierge helpful.A weekend deal included two nights with full english breakfast and dinner on a night of our choice.The latter was a little disappointing - the restaurant is rather souless and despite being warned we needed to book - we shared it with three other couples!The room was spacious, clean, comfortable and surprisingly quiet.The central location is fine and we chose it as we caught the train to Paddington did not fancy dragging our baggage across london.After taking out the cost of breakfast and dinner the room actually cost £80 a night.The snag - everything else costs a fortune eg £5 for a small bar of chocolate in the mini bar	
Sep 5 2007 	This is a dump and a rip off	used the hilton web to get a deal.... rooms are low standrd like motel over priced even for london and not worth the nights room of 169 pounds ( 400 aussie) fee. Too much noise from traffic on road... bad reception staff, over pirced food and only just bearable .. would rather have stayed awake all night in the train station than slept here....do not go o thsi hotel !! oh yeah internet was extra 15 ounds for slow connection and no late check out offered past 12pm....	
Aug 31 2007	Perfect Hotel for Night Before Heathrow Express	This hotel was the perfect place to stay for the night before we took the Heathrow Express at 6 a.m. The hotel is connected to Paddington Station; you just roll your luggage across an interior footbridge from the lobby to the lift down to the tracks. The rooms are large by London standards and clean and well-appointed. I booked the hotel as a &quot;top secret hotel&quot; on lastminute.com's UK site (look for &quot;High Quality Hotel in Art Deco Style&quot;) and saved a substantial amount (85 pounds per night including all taxes -- I think you can sometimes get a room for less). Paddington Station has everything you would want -- a Sainsbury's grocery store, a Marks &amp; Spencer Simply Food, a Starbucks, and more. I would consider staying here not only as a departure or arrival point from Heathrow, but also for a longer stay.	
Aug 21 2007 	Very rude staff - bad service!	The location is great and the rooms big but without hair dryer, bathrobe and that little extra you would expect from a 4 star hotel. The staff is rude and not serviceminded at all. Our stay included a dinner on the first night and breakfast. Since I knew we would not be able to have dinner at the hotel the first night I wrote them an email 8 days before arrival to ask if we could have that dinner the following night instead. I got an email back that this was no problem. But when we arrived the check-in was so slow and they could not see anything about us having dinner the night after. I felt they accused me of lying and since I did not bring the e-mail and could not remember who wrote it we did not get our dinner (which we actually paid for beforehand!) The staff did not do anything at all to try to solve this problem. They really did not care!I will never stay at this hotel again and will always choose Hyatt, which we normally do. This time we have decided to try Hilton but never again!	
Aug 18 2007 	Overpriced poor value.	I was stayed here for one night on business as I needed to be close to Paddington and was arriving late.Even booking ahead the room cost a staggering £350 - for that you don't get breakfast, a mini bar or even a bathrobe. Despite booking a double I got a twin room.I bought my breakfast at Starbucks and saved about £25!The room was nice, but at that price you'd expect it to be. in fact at half the price in London you'd expect a similar room.This hotel overprices during the week and gets way with it purely due to location - it should be avoided if at all possible.	
Aug 17 2007 	Good 4 star in a great location	Stayed there for business for a couple of nights. The price was reasonable for this expensive city - 140 ppn. Breakfest &amp; internet were very expensive. Location cannot be beaten for anyone coming in from Heathrow and needing to travel to multiple destinations within the city. The staff was excellent &amp; helpful. I got upgraded to a double deluxe, that was clean &amp; comfortable, albeit rather small with outdated decor. Got an amazing view of a wall and some airconditioning pipes...Overall, I can heartily recommend this hotel to business travelers, and to those wanting good access throughout the city.	
Aug 10 2007 	Love the Hilton	Stayed here between rentals for two nights to treat ourselves. Had never stayed in a Hilton Hotel before and absolutely loved it! The room was immaculate, huge, bed was comfie (and enormous), the bathroom was great and loved the Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries. Only minor thing i remember not being too keen on was the water temp control (fluctuated in temp) but this was not a major issue. Loved the hilton and will def book again if ever wanting to treat ourselves. Staff were great.	
Aug 7 2007 	Especially convenient if your trip includes trains to/from Paddington	I stayed here for four nights in July 2007, divided into one stay of three nights and one of one night, separated by about a week. Overall I had a good experience and would happily stay here again. Positives:- Great location; you can enter the hotel directly from the Paddington rail and Underground stations without having to go outside. Since I was coming in on Heathrow Connect (after midnight) and then leaving from and returning to London on a train from/to Paddington, this couldn’t have been more convenient. Paddington is on three tube lines (District, Circle, and Hammersmith and City), although the Hammersmith and City is a bit of a hike through the train station and can’t be reached directly from the District/Circle lines, and the Circle line was closed both weekends I was there for planned maintenance.- The Paddington rail station itself had everything I needed, including two grocery stores (Sainsbury’s and Marks &amp; Spencer) open late, a drugstore, a bookstore, numerous fast-food establishments, and a mailbox. - I had rooms on the fourth floor (first stay) and third floor (second stay), both facing Praed Street (I liked that view - no major sights, but a nice urban overlook). Although Praed is a fairly busy street, with buses, emergency vehicles with sirens, and drunk customers emerging from nearby pubs, once I closed the windows I heard no noise whatsoever. (I am very noise-sensitive.)- Both beds were firm but comfortable, with a nice down comforter/duvet and many down pillows. (I like the duvet approach much better than the linens/blanket approach.) Both rooms were quite large. The first one was a “suite”, but not what we would consider a suite in the U.S. – it had a tiny additional alcove off the main room with a desk and an uncomfortable upright chair. - The executive lounge has recently been upgraded, and includes a large, full breakfast (eggs, potatoes, meat, yogurt, cereal, fruit, cheese, etc.), free Internet access, and newspapers.- The staff were friendly and helpful, although when I checked out the first time I was presented with someone else’s bill (the clerk entered a room number that was one digit off from mine, and although I pointed out the error, she struggled with finding the right bill). - My room was kept quite clean.- My bag didn’t make it to London with me, but when I returned to my hotel the first night, it had been delivered from Heathrow and deposited directly in my room.- When I came back from my out-of-London travel, I arrived at the hotel at 9.30 AM – I knew this was too early to check in, but the clerk encouraged me to leave my bag and relax and have breakfast in the executive lounge. I wasn’t expecting this, and since I hadn’t had time to eat before catching my early-AM train back to London, I really appreciated it!- I very much enjoyed the book that was in the room on the history of this hotel and the Paddington rail station. I was planning to just thumb through it but I ended up reading the whole thing.Negatives:- I saw a fair amount of minor trash on the floor of both hallways my rooms were on.- There were a few room maintenance issues. My first room had a shower door that was so noisy it was painful to hear, and my second room’s shower was missing its soap tray. The A/C in my first room was great, but in my second room it didn’t work at all. It was a good thing it was cool enough that July night that I didn’t need to open the window, because of the noise from Praed Street.- Water pressure was just okay (not great, but acceptable). Water temperatures tended to fluctuate a bit around the set temperature (both colder and warmer), but not so much so that I had to leap out of the spray.I stayed here using Hilton Honors points so I can’t comment on value for money. I also didn’t explore the immediate area around the hotel at all, or use the hotel’s restaurants or gym.In summary, I had a good stay here, and I would happily stay here again, especially for a trip as focused around the Paddington rail station as this one was for me.	
Aug 3 2007 	Great location for a short stay	This hotel was a great choice for a very short weekend stopover in London. I arrived late Friday night from Heathrow, and left again early Sunday morning. Given that, the fact that this hotel is attached directly to Paddington Station was perfect -- I could be at Heathrow easily within 30 minutes of getting out of bed.Other than the location, I found my room to be surprisingly large, comfortable, and quiet, especially by London standards, although seeing as I paid over $300 US including tax and all that, I expected something pretty decent.The only downside of this hotel is that while the location is great for business trips and short stays, it's not all that tourist-friendly --figure on walking a lot, riding the bus, or taking the Underground if you're in London with the family on a trip.The hotel also appears to be attached to some sort of trendy club/restaurant, complete with scary-looking bouncers on Saturday night. I imagine that a room near the club might be less quiet than the one that I had...	
Jul 29 2007 	RUDE staff and RIP OFF phone calls	This hotel is in a fantastic location, with an entrance directly into Paddington station where you get the train to Heathrow airport. The rooms are very nice and hotel is modern and clean. That is where the positives end.Staff at this hotel were the rudest we encountered in 4 months travel through Europe. I asked for a spare key to the room and was quizzed on how many people were staying in the room and was required to show ID. I asked for a travel adaptor and was required to pay 5 pounds deposit. Internet access was available, but cost something like 20 pounds a day (ridiculous). For a 5 minute phone call to a London mobile phone I was charged 20 pounds!!! When I questioned this charge I was told 'yes, we've had lots of complaints about the costs but there is nothing we can do about it because we are contracted for 10 years to use an external agency for the phone calls.' The room's minibar charges you as soon as you remove something from it, whether or not you consume the product (I couldn't even work out how to open the door mind you).Wheelchair access is via a side entrance with a lift that requires a staff member to operate it with a key. We came in and out of the hotel several times in our 1 night stay and each time it took about 10 minutes to get a staff member to assist us. Each time I asked if they could just leave the key in the lift so we could operate it ourselves and in reply we were given dirty looks.	
Jul 27 2007 	Excellent location- Great altenative to an airport hotel	I stayed at the Paddington Hilton rather than at the airport and was very happy that I did. In the past , when connecting through London, I have stayed at the Heathrow airport Hilton and thought I’d give Paddington a try. (The airport Hilton is technically located &quot;in” the airport but it is still takes 40 minutes of walking from terminal 3-- Heathrow is a ridiculous airport/ impossible to get around). I took the Heathrow Express train from the airport (£28.50 GBP round trip) and it was great. The entire journey –from the time I exited my plane in terminal one until the time I arrived at the hotel was one hour and fifteen minutes (including time to pick up luggage). The train ride itself is 15 mins and travels directly to Paddington Station. The hotel in located immediately inside the station – on the lawn level. The Good : The hotel is a traditional design and only a few yesrs old. The room are very clean and the staff is attentive There are many restaurants and shops located immediately outside the hotel, offering a variety of food choices. There is a also a small grocery in the station which is open until midnight. Use the grocery as an alternative to the very high drink and food prices in the hotel. The London Underground ( tube) services the station as well, making it an excellent location to get anywhere in the city.The not so good. The price can be steep. I paid £119 GBP, but have seen prices for this location much higher. The air conditioning in the room was minimal at best, I ended up opening the window to cool the room down. The Health club is small and offers no pool. It closes at 10:30 so if you arrive late your out of luck.Tips: If using the tube - buy and all day ticket (zones 1&amp;2 should address most of your shopping/ touring/ restaurant needs). The cost is £5.10 and allows travel by tube and bus all day. The hotel offers an Executive Lounge on the Lobby level, I did not use it as it requires a separate fee, but it includes refreshments and meeting space, it may be worth looking into. The Heathrow express tickets are 2 pounds more if purchased on the train. If your schedule permits , consider a day trip from London to Paris on the Eurostar.	
Jul 10 2007 	Wonderful hotel	We stayed at the hotel, as we wanted to be close to Paddington Station, for catching a train in the morning. You can walk out of the side of the hotel and you are in the train station, which was great. Our room was lovely, very clean. We had breakfast included in the price, this was excellent, great choice, very hot and fresh. Attentive staff, would defintely stay here again.	
Jul 8 2007 	Very pleased!	I booked this hotel via another website as a &quot;top secret hotel&quot; (which I was pretty confident I'd figured out) for a good rate of approx £60 for one night, room only. I was very pleased with the hotel. I travelled from Oxford so just stepped off my train and straight into the lobby! Reception staff were very pleasant at check-in with very little waiting. I was in a standard double on the 6th floor and can't really fault it at all. Room was a good size, especially for London. It was spotlessly clean with a good size sparkling bathroom, complete with full set of Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries. Some reviewers didn't like the duvet on the bed but I prefer it to blankets and was especially happy to see that they also provided a top sheet. The bed was extremely comfortable and I slept like a log.TV channels were just the usual terrestrial ones...but there was so much to do in London that it didn't really bother me. The mini bar prices are totally exorbitant...but there's an easy solution-don't use it! There is a little space for personal use and plenty of shops downstairs (M&amp;S open until 11pm and Sainsburys until midnight) to keep you going. Lots of tea and coffee provided and I was delighted to have a proper coffee maker too-hurrah! Didn't use the internet connection so can't comment on that, but does appear very expensive. Not too difficult to find an internet café nearby though. I also didn't have breakfast, and can't really imagine paying £20 for the privilege. There are lots of cafes on London Street across the road doing a full English for £4-£4.50 if you want it and coffee shops and Starbucks in the station for continental.Location is fantastic for travel-Paddington station is great for rail services, including the Heathrow express. Had a lovely run in Hyde Park after getting up in the morning and you can stroll to Oxford Street along by the park if you fancy a bit of exercise. Not much in the way of shopping in the immediate vicinity, but only 15min tube ride from Oxford CIrcus! Leisure centre is small, but has usual treadmills, steppers, ellipticals and bikes with a few weight machines. Enough to keep you going. 2 saunas-one male and one female, each with a shower attached. Perfectly adequate really.Finally, have no issues whatsoever with the staff. Everyone was very helpful and entirely pleasant, even saying hello when they passed on the corridor. It was more than I expected from a large hotel in central London to be honest!Would absolutely stay here again.	
Jul 7 2007 	Great value great hotel	Got a cut price rate (£84 for a double) via the web.All round excellent hotel. Good location, good facilities and efficient staff.	
Jun 29 2007 	A great hotel!	Stayed here with my fiance for a night in June. The hotel was perfect for us - a fantastic location next door to the Paddington tube station. Check in was easy and our room was very comfortable - very clean, spacious and a very comfortable bed! Would definitely look to stay here again when we return to London.	
Jun 25 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	The Hotel is what you would expect from the Hilton, the rooms are clean and well presented. They have everything you need in them. For being in central London the rooms are very quiet.The best part about the hotel is its location. It is at Paddington station which allows you access to all of londons attractions. Buy a day ticket for zones 1&amp;2 for £5.10 which lets you travel by train, underground and bus in central london all day. This hotel is perfect for visitors wanting a good hotel with quick easy travel links. Look around online for good deals you can save upwards of £100 per night!	
Jun 24 2007 	nice hotel pity about some of the staff	While the room, location and services were very good, I found some of these factors were over-shadowed by the performance (or lack there of) of some staff members. Upon arrival, the check in clerk was very abrupt and unhelpful and little attention was given to us, and indeed other people, in the restaurant. Overall, the Hilton Paddington is good value for the quality of hotel and convenience but do not expect service with a smile.	
Jun 21 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	great hotel in a great location. rooms are a good size and clean. I've stayed here several times. All the rooms i've been in were quite. The convenients of being close to the heathrow express and the paddington bus stop should not be underestimated. Great hotel especially if you can get a special discount rate from some of the websites.	
Jun 7 2007 	Convenient to trains moderately nice	I've stayed at the Paddington Hilton 2-3 times per year since it opened. The only real reason to stay here is its proximity to trains to the west (including the Heathrow Express) and the underground -- it is literally upstairs from Paddington station. In the station you can find quite a few restaurants and shops, including a liquor store and a grocery store. This is particularly handy if you want to avoid minibar charges and the extensive, but expensive, breakfast buffet (20 pounds).The hotel was a purpose-built a few years ago, so everything is generally clean and in good condition, however the hotel is starting to show some signs of wear. For example, the minibar in my room was broken and empty. (That's probably a good thing, given the prices they charge!) Additionally, the machine at the front desk that programs room keys was broken, so every guest had to be escorted to the room by a valet with a master key. (Security-wise, they did not ask to see ID, so but in retrospect that woul have made the situation much more aggravating with the additional waiting time.)Because of its location of the hotel and design, few rooms have a view. Most look onto large central light wells or office buildings, but they did a good job on the lighting.Other comments on the room: the internet connection in the room (also expensive at 15 pounds) was unreliable during peak hours (when people wake up and when people get back from their day out). The TV selections were basic, nothing too exciting. The bathroom is large, but had poor ventilation. Fortunately the mirror is heated, so I didn't have to clear steam from it before shaving.Like many european hotels, the king size beds are, yes, two small beds pushed together. In a disappointing twist, they have decided to save money on housekeeping by replacing regular bed linens with a loose duvet/comforter that is not tucked in on the sides or foot of the bed. This is fairly standard in some Scandinavian and German hotels, but I've never seen it in the UK. Clearly it saves time for the maid and saves on laundry costs, but it is a step down for such an otherwise nice hotel.The staff were all friendly and pleasant. I arrived at the hotel around 8:00 AM, not expecting my room to be ready. Sure enough, it wasn't but they happily stored my luggage while I went off to my meetings. The room was ready when I returned at mid-day.The area around the hotel is not great. A few nice restaurants and pubs, but ask for a recommendation before setting out. Go the wrong direction and you'll be in residential areas with no shops or food. The underground is very accessable in the station, so that's often a better option if you want to go outside the immediate area.When I have meetings to the west via train (Slough, Reading, Oxford, Newbury, Bath, Bristol, etc.) I always try to stay at this hotel, and getting to/from Heathrow is very easy. Thumbs up!	
Jun 6 2007 	Loved It	(We stayed at this hotel in August 2006 and I never got around to writing my review. However I now feel the need to after reading some of the recent negative comments.)Having stayed at several B&amp;Bs and guest houses throughout England andEurope, we decided to treat ourselves to a hotel on our return to London. We managed to get a good rate at the Paddington Hilton (including breakfast), otherwise it would have been out of our price range.Yes - The normal room rates and other costs - drinks etc etc, are high but no higher than in any other hotel of the same quality in London. One has to realise that London is an expensive place to visit.Yes - Our room was quite a walk from the lifts but that was not a problem for us. It is a big hotel after all. Yes - Our king size bed was 2 single mattresses together but most importantly they were extremely comfortable.Yes - The bedding was a duvet between two sheets but that made it easier to peel off any un-needed layers.Yes - The breakfast is an expensive one if it's not included in your rate. However it was an excellent buffet of all cereals, a huge variety of fruit, juices, breads, muffins, croissants, yoghurts etc etc. Plus cooked - bacon, sausages, black pudding &amp; white pudding (for the adventurous), baked beans, tomatoes, all variety of eggs etc etc. Plus individually made omelettes with your choice of fillings as well as bottomless cups of coffee, tea, milo etc. And it was all constantly replenished throughout the morning.What more could one want from a breakfast buffet???(We also experienced 'full English breakfasts' at the many B&amp;Bs we stayed at and have absolutely no complaints. English food is typically great but the Hilton's breakfast buffet was exceptional). We found the hotel to be fantastic. Our room was 'classically English' in decor and extremely comfortable and extremely clean. The bathroom was really lovely and the shower was perfect. We were on the3rd floor overlooking Praed St but there was no problem with noise.The location is fantastic and extremely convenient for public transport as many others have mentioned.The hotel staff were all really friendly and couldn't be more helpfulin all areas.So all in all it was a very very enjoyable treat and we would definitely stay there again if at all possible.	
Jun 4 2007 	Not awful but not brilliant	We chose this hotel for the convenience aspect of being a couple of minutes away from the Heathrow Express.We arrived at a busy time and the queue was quite long to check in. We were given a room on the third floor which was situated (it seemed) miles from the lifts.The room was cleanish (a lot of debris on the carpet) and there was no mineral water.When we came back to the room later on in the evening after eating out we were very tired. We went to bed but were woken by a strange noise coming from the bathroom. On closer inspection the noise was coming from the bath! It was a strange whirring, spitting noise. We tossed up complaining but neither one of us could face the long walk down to reception.The following morning we spoke to reception and they changed the room for us to a Delux Room. The room was lovely and we were really impressed.Unfortunately on closer inspection the bedroom wasn't as lovely as we had first thought. The lovely 'kingsize' bed was infact two single beds held together which makes lying in the middle (next to my partner) near on impossible. The duvet had no duvet cover but was sandwiched between two sheets which I found rather horrible. I asked reception about the lack of duvet covers and they told me that it was standard practise for the two sheet sandwich thing. Today when we came back to the room, after it had been cleaned, we found a duvet cover on the bed!!The breakfasts are okay but it's best if you go down to breakfast earlyish as they don't seem to replenish the food.Overall it was an okay stay but having stayed at quite a few Hiltons in London the only draw to this hotel is the ease factor from Heathrow.	
May 10 2007 	Excellent...for a price	Turned up on the day and obtained a walk in rate of 150 pounds (incl breakfast), which seemed typically Hilton, but I've wanted to try this hotel for some time....Check in staff very pleasant, I asked for a quiet room on a high floor and was placed on floor 7 overlooking the station roof building. May not sound inspiring, but it was silent and perfect after 24 hours of travelling. Front facing rooms have busy Praed St to contend with, which is virtually 24 hours non-stop traffic!!I found the room to be excellent, with everything I would expect, bathrobes, top class toiletries, large luxurious bed, tea/coffee, bath/shower and room service. I slept undisturbed for 10 hours!Breakfast was professionally served and there's loads to choose from, very impressed.Pretty much what I'd hoped for, naturally a lower price would guarantee my return, but for now I am happy with it being a pleasant one-off visit.	
May 10 2007 	Nice Rooms Reasonably Priced Would stay at again!	I stayed at the Hilton Paddington for half a week on a business trip. The rooms were decently sized and clean. Beds were good. I would definitely stay here again if in London.The hotel is connected to one paddington train station and accross the street from the tube stop. Very conveniently located. There is also a starbucks in the hotel and if you go to the train station, some decent food. I always wondered why people said british food sucks. After two breakfasts at the hotel, I wholeheartedly agree. British food is horrible. Unless you know you like the British breakfast, I recommend you go to Starbuck's or the coffee shop in the train station. The train station also has a grocery store in it which is great. My only complaint is the internet charge is around 15 pounds per day. $30/day for internet, crazy!	
May 7 2007	Extension of the station	Although it's quite smart, you slightly feel as if you are still in the station (which, in fact, you are!) - not quite in London. Standard Hilton operation, all in all rather souless for the price. Lobby and ground floor can be very busy due to people meeting up before travelling.	
Apr 25 2007	Great room and convenient location	I am a Hilton Gold VIP HHonors member and they treated us very well. I had to check in very late due to business meetings all day and they remembered to hold my room (until past midnight!) and upgraded me to a suite, as per my status. The bedroom was large, but the LR sofabed did not have linens or a blanket, which was problematic since the room was freezing cold. As always, it is nice to have a bottle of still and a bottle of sparking water -- my fave perks (and quite necessary for a dehydrated frequent traveller). The bathroom was enormous, modern and pretty. Overall, very clean and usable room. I'd definitely stay here again, and wish I had another night or two to spend here. However, it is steep (250GBP a night fora regular room, before upgrade), but I'd be willing to use points again.	
Apr 17 2007	Convenient Hotel	Stayed April 13-16, 2007. Room was quite large for London standards, bathroom very nice, Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries. Staff was helpful, except with checkout, when I had to call twice to get a bill, and then the porter, carrying the small paper bill, arrived at our room 3 hours after promised, literally as we were putting our suitcases in the hall to leave at 5 AM. Additonally the hotel didn't make it clear that the easy access to Paddington station is closed before 6AM, which means you can't get to the first Heathrow Express train from inside the hotel...which is why we chose the hotel in first place.	
Apr 9 2007 	Exceeded Expectations	Fantastic location, so convenient to Heathrow Express. Hotel quiet, clean, fantastic restaurant - exceptionally high quality of food and a wonderful new executive lounge with a brilliant breakfast. Staff were wonderful and so helpful. I'm a Hilton Diamond Hhonors member and this is truly one of the best hilton;s on their network. Highly recommend	
Mar 31 2007 	We loved the Paddington	We stayed in the Paddington March 21 -24, 2007. We had 2 rooms which we had 2 free nights. Both our rooms were very large and extremely clean. The entire place was extremely clean. All the attendents that we came across seemed to go out of their way to be helpful. The location is so centrally located that it makes life easy. The Heathrow Express is in the hotel itself as is the underground entrance. Very pleasant place, we were overly pleased.	
Mar 28 2007 	Good	We stayed here for two nights in march 2007. The location in pretty central connecting to major tube station and to heathrow express. There is even a direct exit inside hotel that connects to the heathrow express. The rooms are clean and reasonably spacious for european standards. Our rates included dinner buffet, which was not great but would suffice. The breakfast was good and staff was very friendly. All in all, dont expect too much and you wont be disappointed.Advantage: Connectivity to tube/train and bus, Friendly StaffDisadvantage: Old carpet, moderate dinner buffet. unimpressive view.	
Mar 24 2007 	Should be better for the price	I have returned from 5 nights at the Hilton London Paddington for a series of meetings. I paid our corporate rate of £169 +VAT. The hotel itself is very nice, and the location in Paddington Station couldn't be better if you're heading out on the train. The tube connections are pretty good too.My room was a fairly standard one, but had a 6ft bed, which had feather everything and was most comfortable.My problem with the hotel is the prices it charges - I can't think of a single rate for anything, from the room, through breakfast, internet access or minibar which didn't make me wince. I would expect it to be perfect for the prices it charges, but I was annoyed by the extremely poor quality of the wireless internet - it kept losing the connection and the speed, when it was connected, was not compatible with the term &quot;high speed&quot;. Secondly, the shower in the bathroom is only average in terms of water pressure. Also, it suffers from quite regular changes in temperature, which I presume is down to others using water in their bathrooms.So overall, a fine hotel, but my word, the charges make you well aware of this!	
Mar 19 2007 	Enjoyable stay	Another lovely stay. The hotel is modern, clean and very pleasant. Different rates are available and I have found when getting a better rate I received a smaller room. However, all the rooms are fitted to the same standard of decor. The hotel is excellently located for travel around London. And I wouldn't choose to saty anywhere else when travelling in and out of Heathrow airport. For around $60 you can travel quickly and easily to and from the airport on the Heathrow Express.Try and get a rate with breakfast included otherwise it costs around $40/person to add it. It's a lovely breakfast but not for $40.The hotel is popular for weddings, but besides seeing well dressed guests sweeping through, you would hardly notice they were there.The bar is usually priced for a hotel bar and service is swift and efficient. I arrived before my room was ready and they were quite happy to let me charge drinks to my room while I waited. The concierge is extremely helpful and courteous and went out of his way on every one of my stays.	
Mar 17 2007	Very Happy!!	This hotel, was real nice. The location is superb, very easy to find and the tubes run to it til nearly midnight. The rooms are a reasonable size and have very good bathrooms. The thing that most suprised me about the room was that it was extremely quiet, which is rare for a london hotel.	
Mar 13 2007 	Superb service large room 	We are a 32 year old couple with a 16 month old toddler. We stayed at this hotel March 6-10th. First 3 nights were through Hilton HHonors award. After reading several reviews, I wasn't quite sure what to expect since there were some valid customer service complaints on this website.We chose this hotel due to the location of Paddington Station. Easy access to trains and the Heathrow Express. I cannot stress how great the customer service of this hotel was from the moment we approached the check-in desk. We were upgraded to a suite for a price of 30 GBP/night. Room was very nice - over 600 square feet. Had a separate sitting room with its own bathroom. Queen bed was extremely comfortable. Bathroom was spacious with excellent shower pressure. Minibar had decent amount of space for personal items. Sitting room had its own minibar. Room was very clean. Carpet in great condition. On second day of our stay, toddler and husband came down with flu. Husband contacted concierge for a doctor to check on toddler. Later, several hotel employees approached us to ask how the toddler was doing. Assistant manager of front desk even called to check on us. Throughout the whole stay, almost every employee we ran into in the lobby addressed us by name. In such a huge hotel, how do they remember??The Executive Lounge is decorated in modern themes. Great cold breakfast and evening appetizers. Big selection of beverages available throughout the day. There is a desktop computer with free internet service for people to use in the lounge, which was very helpful. Lounge employees were so nice to get us milk for toddler's bottle. Concierge was extremeley helpful with ideas, arrangments and arranging help with luggage. In fact, even the concierge guy saw me with a baby bottle and asked if I needed milk!Location of this hotel is awesome. Starbucks is next door. You don't even have to go outside to get to it. Grocery and drugstores with several eating options are in connecting Paddington Station. A 15 minute walk gets you to Kensington Gardens. Lots of eating options for all budgets nearby hotel.After we checked out on our last day, it took less than one hour to get to Heathrow via HEX, check-in and get to departure lounge.When in London. we will definitely return to this hotel in the future.	
Mar 11 2007 	Great Hotelexcellent location	Hotel was fantastic. Our room was very large, aswell as the en suite. It was exceptionally clean, and the staff were also very friendly.The location couldn't have been better. You can walk to the underground without even having to go outside as the hotel is park of Paddington Train Station, which was also beneficial for getting to Heathrow aswell! Even with this you could not hear the station from the room, which was very quite.I would definitely recommend this hotel to others	
Feb 14 2007	Excellent Hotel. Well worth the price.	Prepaid the room at an excellent rate - for London. Location at the Paddington Station is great for anyone arriving or departing via Heathrow. Also an excellent business location being on the Rail, Tube and Bus lines. The hotel was clean and the staff was great. Check was fast, but not really friendly. My room was spacious by London standards. The room was also very, very clean. Bathroom actually had enough space to move around in.Nearby shopping and dining is excellent. Even the food court at the Rail Station was excellent. Hotel itself was peaceful and quiet.Would definately stay at this location again.	
Feb 6 2007	Fantastic location	Have just returned from a surprise weekend away in London where we stayed in The Hilton in Paddington.My fiance chose the hotel primarily due to it's location as we didn't have much time after arriving to get across London as we were going to a show - the location couldn't have been better. We literally stepped off the station platform into a lift and into the hotel Check in was easy - no fuss, member of staff was training so was a little slow but has to happen.Our room was a Deluxe room on the 3rd floor and was great - airy, large and comfortable. It had everything we needed from hairdryer, ice bucket, coffee perculator and we liked the 2 single duvets on the double bed - no fighting for them. Hotel service was fine - nothing fantastic, but perfectly pleasant. We had dinner on the first evening which was included in our package. We arrived after 9pm and found everything to still be very fresh and a great selection. It was a biffet with great soup, cold starters, a vast selection of main courses and FANASTIC desserts. The restaurant was quite busy so not romantic or intimate but it did the job.Breakfast was great - again a huge variety of meats, rolls, salad, yoghurt etc, toast machine, cereal, everything you could think of for an English breakfast and then juices, coffee, pastries - great.One negative is the price of drinks - £8 for a small glass of wine and £4 for a cola. We bought drinks and snacks from M&amp;S and Sainsbury underneath in the station which was open til late.This hotel is a great hotel for transport links with the tube and trains just underneath and the bus just outside. We even found a number 27 bus which went directly to Camden from the hotel (24 hr). Would definitely use this hotel again	
Jan 22 2007 	Great first stay in London -- Highly recommended	Wonderful hotel for a young couple looking to explore London. The location is virtually perfect for commuting -- directly atop both the Paddington national rail (for trips to/from Heathrow) and tube station (to get downtown.) Also, a few of the city bus lines run past the hotel -- a form of transport we wish we had explored earlier in our stay. The immediate neighborhood isn't especially noteworthy, though Hyde Park is just a short walk away. The room was gorgeous and spacious (and we are used to American rooms.) Well lighted and decorated with very modern fixtures. No view, but you can't have it all. It did not come stocked with robes or slippers -- one thing we have come to appreciate -- but they were delivered after a quick call to housekeeping. Service overall was great. One minor complaint -- we needed just a set of silverware in the room to eat a cake we had brought along, and room service charged 3.50 pounds for the delivery. We thought a nice tip should suffice. One of our favorite aspects of the hotel was the complimentary breakfast. While we expecting the standard Continental fare, it was a first-class buffet complete with made-to-order omlettes, delicious tomatoes, and pastries. We even stashed a few muffins in our rucksacks to keep us during our long museum expeditions. Don't tell anyone.We would HIGHLY recommend the Hilton Paddington to anyone visiting London (as long as you are willing to ride the tube).One other tip -- if you are looking for a great, cheap meal near the hotel, stop by the soup counter in the national rail station. Amazing!	
Jan 6 2007 	Fantastic Room	What a lovely hotel, we have just returned from seeing in the New Year at the London Eye &amp; stayed at the Hilton Paddington. We were a little dubious when we booked as last summer we spent 2 nights at the Hilton Hyde park &amp; it was terrible.we booked through the Hilton website &amp; dinner on the 1st night as well as breakfast on both mornings was included. Our room was outstanding, with a terrace &amp; picture window on the 5th floor overlooking London, views from the London eye to the Albert hall without going onto the terrace. A large comfortable bed with 2 duvets (stops any fighting) was lovely as we are both over 6ft &amp; with a flat screen TV at the foot of the bed. The bathroom had a bath &amp; seperate shower &amp; was spacious. Considering the hotel was fully booked &amp; had a large New years function taking place we were not disturbed at all by noise or drunken revellers I am very pleased to say. The only down side was we had to queue for breakfast on the following morning as the hotel was full, but a small price to pay.The pens are also made from recycled sources, fantastic :-)Location was fabulous &amp; staff were polite &amp; courteous we would reccomenfd this hotel &amp; will definatley be staying there again.	
Dec 26 2006 	met my purposes	I stayed at the Hilton Paddington for two nights in July of 2006-one night at the beginning of my trip and the other night before returning home. I choose the hotel based on it's location to Paddington Station.Check-in is not until 3:00 (I knew this when I booked) and as I arrived at 12:30 from Los Angeles I was a little exhausted. The front desk stored my luggage and I went walking (always recommented after a long flight to get out the cobwebs). I felt very safe in the area and I headed straight for Hyde Park.I did not eat at the hotel or use the mini-bar. There are nice restuarants in the area and the train station also has food options. I bought a sandwich and a soda to take to the park for a picnic. Later I bought milk and fruit from Sainsbury for breakfast. Beware of the mini-bar. They are always over priced and they are electronically loaded. This means that even if you move things to put in your own stuff, the item will be billed to your account. However, a quick phone call and it was removed with no problem.When I went to my room, I found it clean and adequate in size. I knew I wasn't staying in the room long so I don't expect glamor. My only compaint was the jack-hammering that I could hear. I took a shower and it sounded as if the room was vibrating. I tried to take a short nap, but it was very loud. I gave up on the nap and went back outside. When I returned after dinner, the noise had stopped and I had a quiet night.The next day I spent walking in the park again until I had to catch my train for Oxford. The front desk again held my luggage and gave me info on how to catch the train . Very helpful and pleasant.I spent my second night after my two weeks in Oxford area. Upon check-in, I asked if the jackhammering project was finished. I had not complained before because it stopped and it was before 5:00 p.m. But I did tell them that if it was still going on now I would like a room far away from the workers. I was informed that they were done and they upgraded me to a nicer room. I thought that was a nice touch. The front desk again held my luggage until check-in time. I took the train to Windsor for the day and had a great time. I would recommend this hotel. When reading other reviews, I often find people are very critical when perhaps it is not warranted. European ratings are not what Americans are used to and just face it, you are not at home having your mommy taking care of you.	
Dec 15 2006 	Expensive for the quality	Arrived late from the airport, and checked into a small room with queen bed and room for little else. Ordered a light dinner (soup and salad) from room service and it was quite good. Rooms are highly variable - I have had much better - in this hotel with those on lower floors being better than those on the upper floors.Lttle needs to be said of the location: excellent. Three or four subway lines have direct access; the Paddington Express takes 15 minutes or so to the airport; and the Great First Western Railroad offers access to Southwest England and sourthern Wales. None of the subway lines are handicapped accessible, hower.My computer died on my first night there; don't know if from a power surge. So, I had to use the business center for Internet access - at an astonishing price of GBP5 for 30 minutes! Simple access to a computer cost the same. Outrageous! I found a small internet shop directly across the street that charged GBP2 for an hour! And provided fair coffee besides!The Executive Club is an insult. A room convered to a club room by removing the bed and putting in a couple of tables and uncomfortable chairs. They would be better off closing it and simply saying they are providing a free breakfast instead.Breakfast was, however, a treat! A full English breakfast complete with black pudding, fried bread and beans was served in a buffet piping hot. Great. Treated a friend to dinner there and found it to be quite good, if expensive.The prices of vitals in the minibar are astronomically expensive. But like the Internet Shop across the street, there are two markets in the attached train station (open until midnight) that sell diet cokes for GBP0.63 as compared with GBP4.50 in the minibar. They also offer good sandwitches, fresh fruit, wines and other good stuff.The area around the train station seems safe and accessible. A nearby street had 10 restaurants ranging from a couple of steak houses to Indian and Italian. By appearance, not great but certainly acceptable.	
Dec 15 2006	Quality	Stayed here for two nights with my dad as part of a Christmas shopping trip. While the rack rate seems expensive at GBP240 per room per night we got a deal on the Hilton website for GBP104 per room per night which included dinner on the first night and breakfast both days.Staff at reception were friendly and our standard rooms on the fourth floor were fine. Modern decor, nice simple bed linen and marble bathrooms. Our rooms were fairly generously sized and included the usual tea/coffee making facilities, an ironing board etc and Scottish shortbread. At this price for London near Christmas I don't want to pick too many faults other than the drinks were very expensive and as usual a can of Coke from minibar cost GBP4.Other than that was fairly impressed and would stay again. It's a four-star hotel and for us, the fact it was directly on top of Paddington was a bonus as we came from the Heathrow Express. Well worth it if you can get a good deal.	
Dec 3 2006 	Paddington is good for business not much else	Clean rooms with a nice hardwood floor. The surprise was the size, you can nearly shower, brush your teeth, watch TV and use the computer all from the bed. Tiny doesn't begin to describe the size of the rooms! Very friendly service and helpful concierge (for directions at least). The bar was hopping both nights. Complimentary breakfast was superb and tasty.	
Dec 3 2006 	Great location so-so service and expensive	Stayed two nights at the end of November 2006.Pros: Great location, just steps from Paddington Station from Heathrow Express and Tube, no need to even go outside to get to hotel. Bus stops right outside the front door. Allowed us to check-in by 10 am when room was available. Hilton Honors Gold Card allowed upgrade to deluxe room (though same as normal room except a bit bigger) and free breakfast. Room deco was nice and modern with comfortable bed.Cons: Service quite robotic and careless. We booked under two different rates to due one weekday (165 pounds +tax) and one weekend rate (100 pounds + tax), and we had to have the key reset at the front desk on the second day. My key did not work for the gym or the Executive Lounge (access limited to Gold members) and had to go to front desk to get it fixed, one at a time. Executive Lounge (although temporary according to staff) was small, old and nasty looking. Buffet breakfast is not very good. Small and crowded lobby.By the way: Internet cafe is right acorss the front door around the corner, and it is 1 pound for 30 minutes one-time access, much cheaper than the 15 pound in-room rate.Conclusion: Good for a business trip due to convenient location. If it is not so expensive (weekday), it'd be good for a vacation stay as well. Service needs to improve.	
Nov 29 2006 	A 2 Star Hotel Under a 4 Star Facade!	The hotel has a great location in London if you need quick access to Heathrow by train. You could survive a night in this place, but I wouldn't reccomend any longer!The room was for the most part comfortable, spacious and modern. This hotel's downfall is its absolutely horrible staff. They are robotic, as a previous reviewer stated, and they could care less about your comfort or about your stay. My fiancee and I needed to print our boarding passes from their business center but their business center requires you to go downstairs to purchase a timecard in certain increments. They told us they were out of 15 minute timecards and therefore we would HAVE to purchase more time that we didn't need or we wouldn't be able to print our boarding passes! I went to the Concierge desk and asked them if they could print them for me and they looked at me like I was from Mars.Overall the hotel did nothing to help us feel welcome and I certainly believe this is a complete waste of money and a very mediocre establishment. Hilton should be absolutely ashamed to have their name branded on this place.	
Nov 1 2006 	Would you spend $400/night for this?	We chose this hotel entirely based on its location. The reception staff and concierge were robotic and aloof at best. I've provided photographs of our room because otherwise no one would believe it! Stained walls, hole in bed linens, mulitple stains oncarpeting, peeling veneer on mirror frame, rusting soap dish and unusable writing instrument.Between 11:30 and 12:30 at night it sounded like someone above our room was dragging furniture across a hard floor. After my husband reported this to the front desk, the noise changed from a dragging noise to a noise that sounded like they were now picking upthe furniture and plopping it down on the floor. I assume they were cleaning up after a large wedding reception that had taken placeearliier in the evening.While at breakfast the wait staff removed my plate only to drop the greasy fork directly on the lining of my newly purchased trench coat; he picked up the fork, turned to me, smiled and walked away.	
Oct 31 2006 	Good base in central London	Recently stayed in this hotel for a few nights over a busy October weekend (schools half term holidays) and its ease of access to the underground plus an amazingly cheap lastminute deal sealed it for me. I thought the twin room was bigger than average for central london &amp; each bed was closer to double than single. The hotel also checked us in a few hours ahead of normal time which was helpful. The reception area is attractive &amp; the room was clean &amp; bright &amp; fairly quiet - marble bathroom larger than many with nice Crabtree &amp; evelyn freebies . Plus for once it's good to find a hotel mini bar which leaves some refrigerated space for own use! We looked onto London Street &amp; one of the exits from Paddington mainline station (not picturesque) but still fairly quiet although on the Monday morning I could hear the postal vans in the sorting depot opposite being loaded. I am a very light sleeper tho &amp; don't know many London hotels which are quieter.  The Paddington area is not picturesque (not scruffy either) - Burger Kings etc proliferate - but it is really handy for all connections especially Heathrow &amp; if you prefer to walk Marble Arch is probably only about 20 minutes away (a boring 20 minute walk tho so on balance save your energy &amp; use the underground!) Don't let the lack of intrinsic charm of the area put you off though as presumably you don't plan to spend much time gazing out of your hotel window. We didn't have breakfast included in our deal (hardly surprising as I've not had such a cheap deal in London for at least 10 years!) but I know Hilton breakfasts are good. However there are inexpensive places to eat nearby &amp; the restaurant did look very busy. There is also a nice French bakery on Praed Street.One evening we were tired so chose to eat near the hotel. We found an Italian restaurant called 'Bizzarro' literally a few yards from the hotel which was pretty good - everything tasted fresh &amp; authentic &amp; it was cheap.All in all a successful weekend with a convenient &amp; inexpensive base	
Oct 28 2006 	Great Hotel	I booked using lastminute.com and got a great deal.The staffs were all very professional and friendly. I found the hotel to be very clean and modern. The bedrooms were great and most comfortable. They only downside was the cost of drinks and snacks from the mini bar£4.50 for a can of Coke£4.50 for a Mars BarBoth seem a little excessive, but other than that I would recommend it to stay in London, especially if you’re travelling to Heathrow or the South West. With the tube right next to the hotel you can really ask for more.	
Oct 26 2006 	Still above average	I stayed here right when it re-opened as a Hilton in 2002 and finally again this week (Oct 23-25, 2006). It is definitely convenient for travel to Heathrow, with the tube, taxis, and the Heathrow Express right at your door step. It is also nice as you have several lower cost food options right at Paddington as well, with Sainsburys, M&amp;S, several restaurants and even fast food right there. There was one drawback on this trip - I am a Hhonors Gold card holder and enjoy using the lounges for breakfast and dessert/drinks in the evening. The former lounge, which was quite nice, is now a casino (which brings a rougher crowd into the hotel). The new, temporary lounge, is packed into a small room, has limited hours and no longer serves breakfast.The pictures below are of an upgraded, double deluxe room.	
Oct 23 2006 	Great art deco hotel	Stayed the one night in this charming little boutique-like hotel. It is located at London's Paddington railway terminus and right from the start to the finish of our stay, we were happy with our time there. The hotel itself is small which makes for an interesting contrast to the Hilton London Metropole hotel just half a mile up the road. The room (exec floor) was excellent. Small, but of high standard, and the bathroom nice and inviting. The exec floor lounge is basically a window-less room (not that inviting) but is nevertheless open 24 hours a day (you use your keycard to gain entry) which was great for that 3am drink before heading to bed. Breakfast was fantastic, they even had porridge with a shot of whisky to give you that kick start! All in all, it is a compact Hilton hotel, but the location is fantastic (the tube and buses are at the door), the style is great and the service was fantastic. Nothing was too much trouble. Just what you would expect from a Hilton.	
Oct 9 2006 	Excellent Hotel...	The location of this hotel is excellent - right above the station makes arrival and checking in a breeze.The only part of the hotel that I found to be a bit out-dated were the hotel corridors - every other part seemed modern enough to me. The room (4th floor - standard double) was excellent. Loads of room, very comfortable bed and big, modern bathroom.Paid in advance for the breakfast the next morning and that too was well worth it.Overall, I would definitely stay here again. In my opinion, a great hotel, with excellent access to the underground and mainline train networks.	
Oct 5 2006 	Fantastic location but hotel is old	The hotel is in a very convenient location, right above the station for the Heatrow Express, so for businessmen like myself it's great. However rooms, like elsewhere in London, are old, even on the executive floor where I was staying. Bathrooms are old, and overall the hotel is stuck in the seventies with moquette everywhere and pretty oldish furniture. I might return but just for its convenience, not for the hotel.	
Sep 17 2006 	Location good drinks expensive	We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights on 25th and 26th August 2006.We found the reception staff not very welcoming and they would not even speak to us let alone let us check in until after 3pm.The room was good when we eventually got it and the location of the hotel is good for travellers coming from Heathrow or the west of the country, because it is attached by a walkway to paddington train station.There is nowhere to sit downstairs in the hotel because the reception come lounge area is also the bar and they do not like it if you just sit there even for 2 minutes without buying a drink which the prices I might add were not cheap £ 5.00 for a cup of coffee and £9.00 for 2 diet cokes??? Buy in Boots Sainburys or Starbucks downstairs if you want a drink. In the evening they even had signs on the table saying you could only sit on the chairs if you were buying a drink and that there was a minimum £10.00 spend.We ate at the hotel on the second night the food and prices were average for a 4* hotel £17.00 upwards for a main meal.If you want a nice beer in the train station on the balcony check out the mad bishop and bear pub and krispy cream for the delicious doughnuts nearly as good as the USA.I would stay there again because of the location but probably wouldnt eat there as there are better retaurants in London.The breakfast is Ok as british standards go but do not compare to USA buffets by any means; Golden Corale it aint.Traveller from Swansea,South Wales,UK	
Sep 9 2006 	brilliant	Stayed for 3 nights and no complaints at all.Opposite the circle line and on the bus route if you need transprt or a very enjoyable 20 min walk to marble arch.Rooms are big and bathroom as you would expecty for a hilton.No Noise at all from paddington station even though we looked over it.Area around the hotel is good with resteraunts and cafes and bars and not that far from Queensway with even more nigth life.Loved it and would deffinitly stay again	
Sep 3 2006 	Great location	Stayed here 3 nights in August 2006 - great staff, rooms, and breakfast. Be sure to get it included in your room rate - its 20 GBP each but it is very robust. I am a Hiilton Silver member but the clerk upgraded us to Gold so we got free breakfast, upgraded room, as well as the free happy hour and appetzers each night. as well as Internet. Great location Its right at the metro station and the Heathrow Express. The Big Red Bus Tours stops right across the street and its close to many pubs etc...	
Aug 13 2006 	Perfect Stay	EXCELLENT.Air Conditioning worked perfectly. A quality hilton experience. All the aminities you would expect. Great location. Directly above Paddington station with the Heathrow express (15 minute express train to the airport.) Our room included free dinner the first night and breakfast. Breakfast was worth it, but I would pass on the dinner next time. Family friendly. Poor gym and no pool. This is a central location and definately an excellent place if you want easy access to the heathrow terminals (I really dislike staying at the Heathrow airports - this is my new better option for overnights in london)	
Aug 11 2006	Great Quick-Stay!	The goal: See London in three days.Did the hotel help me achieve my mission? Yes.From California, trying to schedule a quick, self-guided London tour was more challenging than relaized. But thank God I chose this hotel, who made my trip a success.I let a travel agent suggest this hotel, as I was simply looking for a Hilton in London. Once booked (through Hilton HHonors), I e-mailed the staff to see how best to get from Heathrow to the hotel. Within 24 hours they e-mailed back with suggestions for the Underground and the Express. Upon arriving, I was a little turned around on what to catch from where, but once that was settled, I stepped off the Express and made a quick right, right into the Hilton London Paddignton (literally a door away).I arrived too early to check-in (purposefully, so I could see more of the city), but the bellman (as the conceirge was too busy) suggested I take the Big Brown Bus (open-air double-decker) to see the city. This was an awesome suggestion! The stop was right across the street from the hotel and I was able to see all the highlights of London by its stop-time.I returned to the Hilton to check-in. The room was unusually small (by U.S. standards), but clean. I washed up with the gratis toiletrees and headed across the street to eat (Galveston's, which serves American food, a steak place, an Indian place, and Burger King are very convenient). I returned to my room on day-one burn-out.The next morning I arose to have my first &quot;English breakfast.&quot; The breakfast buffet is well-appointed. It has the traditional English fare and a tight, but pleasant atmosphere in which to partake.The executive lounge (end of day two) is a joke! It's literally an oversized closet. But you get to be oh-so-cozy with other execs. The snacks are worth the discomfort. There is one computer with free Internet access here too (HHonors members only...).Day three proved to be the same bustle as any other hotel at check-out time. The waiting room is too small, but the staff makes you feel comfortable by attending to your needs.	
Aug 4 2006 	NIce	Stayed for two nights. A very nice and modern hotel with a lovely big bathroom.	
Jul 22 2006 	Very Enjoyable	I stayed at the Paddington Hilton for 4 nights in July. The outside temperature was 97 – the hottest ever recorded in London – and the hotel air-conditioning was fantastic. The room was a good size, cool and quiet. View of train station – not much to look at, but exceedingly quiet. Location is fantastic – very convenient to all transportation. Good assortment of shops and restaurants nearby. Hotel breakfast was included in the price, and very plentiful.	
Jul 13 2006	Seriously lacking in basics...	For example, the claimed air conditioning apparantly does not include cooling. Our roomnever got below 73-74 F. Managemnt promised to fix it, but it never happened. Wesurveyed other guests, and they all complained of too warm rooms.The renovation in 2002 apparantly did not include replacing the mattresses. Our mattresswas worn, stained, and the springs poked out the top. When I mentioned this to thefront desk, they were quick to replace it. Unfortunately, the replacement wasn't anybetter. I ended up padding it with a blanket.The TV reception was so bad we couldn't even check the weather forecast in the morning.We asked for a quiet room and were placed on the first floor overlooking the street andover the disco. When we inquired about a different room, we were told the hotel wasfully booked and we couldn't be accommadated. This was on the second day of a plannedfour day stay. This hotel does have sone nice features, but I see no point in mentioning them. The lackof the most basic components make this hotel a &quot;no stay&quot; so far as I'm concerned.	
Jul 9 2006	Great convenience for a short stay	We spent one night at the Hilton Paddington when we returned to London for our flight home the next day. It was a perfect choice in that situation, although there are much better places to stay if you're going to be spending more than a night or two. We were only in town for about 24 hours and wanted someplace clean, comfortable, and easy to get to &amp; from Heathrow. This place is like staying at an airport hotel only better - you don't even have to leave the terminal at either end, just jump on the Express train and you're there. And yet, you are in central London and have easy access to the Tube, so in one afternoon/evening we were able to get last-minute theatre tickets, have a fabulous dinner (Veeraswamy on Regent Street!) and see a show.The rooms are very modern, with nice amenities (iron, refrigerator, coffee/tea/biscuits, hair dryer, great bathroom with plenty of counter space). We booked a double and got two beds pushed together, which was ok for one night. Price was 189 pounds - expensive, as all London hotels are, but not unreasonable in that context.The neighborhood itself is not that attractive, we walked a few blocks the next morning searching in vain for a nice spot to have breakfast (rather than the terribly overpriced hotel buffet). Best to get a tube pass and go elsewhere if you're spending the day in London.Service is mediocre, it feels very large &amp; impersonal. We arrived just before 2pm and our room was not ready, they said it would be more than an hour, so we left our bags with the concierge and went out. When we returned around 4:30 and asked to have our bags brought up right away so we could get ready for dinner, it took quite a while - my husband was through his shower and I was about to make a follow-up phone call when they finally arrived. Check-out is noon; when I inquired as to the possibliity of getting this extended to 12:30 or 1, they said they were fully booked and could not accommodate a late checkout - unless I wanted to pay an additional 10 pounds! (I declined.) But the annoying part was the next morning, when we were preparing for our noon checkout - we were interrupted not once, not twice, but three times by various hotel staff between about 11:15 and 11:45. First was to check the minibar - ok. Second was a maid inquiring when we were leaving. Third was a fellow asking how I was doing - to which I replied fine, except for the constant interruptions. I have never felt such a bum's rush checking out of a hotel. This definitely left me with a bad taste in my mouth.All in all, I would stay here again if I needed a quick stopover in London, but don't expect anything more. If you're going to stay &amp; see the sights for a few days, pick a nicer home base in a more pleasant area where you can walk around.	
Jul 7 2006	Good Location Bad Service at the restaurant OK service at the Front Desk	We stayed at this hotel from July 1st to July 4th. We had the same problem as the previous reviewer. The air conditioning didnt work in the 1st night so the room was 27c. We went back to the hotel after a night out at 2am and the front desk offered us to move to a different room, a small room but with double height ceiling and the air conditioning works very well. I figured out why at the end. This smaller room is on the 1/F where the conference/function rooms are. At night, there are no function in the conference/function rooms so the hotel rooms on this floor have enough cool air. Then the next day, the front desk offered me a bigger room on the 5/F. For some reasons, the air coming out from the outlet were cool air but the room seems not being able to get cold. The executive lounge is located on the 5/F as well and seems like the executive lounge only has minimum air conditioning as well. so i guess the problem is at the higher floor esp. 5th floor.Also, as some of the previous reviewers said, during night time, it seems like they cant get enough staff who speaks enough english to help guess to solve problems. We were lucky enough to have William (from the front desk) to help us out. He has been extremely helpful. Seems like he is the only one that can resolve problems so i saw a few customers only wanted to talk to William about their issues without wasting the time to explain to other staff.Also, the restauants were extremely slow during both breakfast and dinner time. so be aware of the time. The real executive louge is under renovation so the temporary one is located on 5/F in one of the guest room. very small and could be packed sometimes.	
Jul 5 2006	Don't go when its warm	We stayed here in mid June when it was very warm in London. No problem we thought, Climate Control in every room! Yes there is, but it doesn't work. Our room was 24C on the first night and 23C on the second, and thats with the setting at the minimum on our controller. Opening the windows was not an option. The hotel management were useless, sending people up to our room at 01.00 to check that I was capable of turning the switch correctly but able to do nothing. Next day they offered an alternative room which was smaller but just as warm. I complained whilst we were there and once we got home but we received a standard bland apology which I do not consider adequate recompense for 2 days and nights of discomfort.Other than the heat, the hotel is nice but the food is mediocre and wildly overpriced. I would recommend the hotel if you are not going in the summer and if you don't eat in the hotel restaurant, there are many good places nearby.	
Jun 26 2006	Be Careful!	My wife and I stayed at the Paddington Hilton from the 28th to the 30th April 2006. The hotel itself was what we were expecting, the room was spotless and the location really conventient. When I booked online the description of our package stated that the price included room, breakfast and dinner on the first night of our stay. When I received an email confirmation it said &quot;Room Only&quot; which came as a suprise. When we checked in I asked the receptionist if breakfast and dinner on the first night was included, she said that breakfast wasn't included but dinner was. Taking advantage of this my wife and I stayed in the hotel for dinner on the first night of our stay. Upon checking out we were informed that dinner would be charged to our credit card. I informed the receptionist that we were told that dinner was included and that we didnt have to pay to which she replied &quot;OK&quot;. A few days ago I recevied my credit card bill and dinner had in fact been charged. I have since exchanged numerous emails with the hotel and received a letter from the hotel manager. The fact that I was lied to twice by the hotel staff and didnt even receive as much as a sorry for their incompetance completely ruined my stay, I shall not be returning on my next visit to London.	
Jun 5 2006	Great Location Just Steps From the Heathrow Express!	My wife and I spent four nights at this Hilton property last month. The hotel was not built as a Hilton and has only carried the Hilton name (as a franchise hotel) since 2002 or 2003. At the outset, it's hard to argue with the evident convenience of the hotel's location, which is adjacent to the London Paddington train/underground sdtation. We took the Heathrow Express into London, and were literally in the hotel and checked in less than five minutes after we walked off the train. Our room was fairly large (as rooms in London go) and consisted of a two-room suite with a living room/meeting room, a large bedroom with a &quot;real&quot; king-size bed, and a bath and another half bath. Our room was on the inside of the hotel so our windows faced into a courtyard, which was fine with us since we heard absolutely no street nose during our stay.Before you reserve a room - especially if you plan to pay for an upgraded room (i.e., a &quot;club&quot; or &quot;executive&quot; level room, be aware that the hotel has no executive or business level lounge at present. Which came as a pretty rude surprise to us. Yes, you do get breakfast, but it's served in the main floor dining room (which was actually quite good). In lieu of a lounge the hotel has converted a windowless room on the 5th floor into a sort-of interim lounge where snacks and basic beverages are served throughout the day. And while there is internet access, its via a PC that is - and I swear I am not making this up - set up inside a closet where the hotel has removed the door. The computer and internet acess functioned about half of the time during our stay. There is a business center on floor 1 (what would be the second floor here in the US) but charges to use PC's or the internet are absurdly high.What made our stay a bit amusing was that the power to all of the outlets in the room was constantly going out. Apparently, the hotel has multiple power circuiits and staff had to keep replacing fuses (we weren't the only guests to suffer from this irritating problem). We're somewhat used to this sort of thing in older London hotel properties, so we simply chalked it up to being part of the &quot;atmosphere&quot; of the hotel. The only negative comment we would make is with respect to the door-staff and the concierge staff. Over the course of several days we found the bell/door staff and the concierge staff to be officious, offhanded, and indifferent. Overall, the property is expensive, but not excessively so for comparable accommodations including breakfast elsewhere in London. And again, the convenience of being able to get to Heathrow just stteps from the hotel is worth the premium cost.	
Jun 2 2006	Much better than expected!	Considering the small, expensive hotels in London, this hotel was much better than expected. Very spacious and quiet. Could not hear the noises of other people in the hall, other doors slamming or the traffic outside. Every room has each own climate control. Very convenient to the tube, right across the street. Also, very convenient to lots of restaurants (including some well known: Subway, Burger King, etc.). But, also lots of pubs within very short walking distance. It's a good thing so many restaurants are so close because the hotel retaurant is a huge rip off! Paddington rail station is under the hotel along with a drug store, two small grocery stores and a few of restaurants. Starbucks is also in the hotel. Everything that you could need right at your fingertips with this hotel. We will definately stay here again.	
Jun 2 2006	Fantastic	My partner and I stayed here for 5 nights at the end of May. We came off the Heathrow Express and took the escalator up to the Hilton lobby. Reception was very pleasant and no waiting. It was still before noon but our room was ready for us. I showed my Hilton Honors and was upgraded to a Delux Double on the 2nd floor. We were amazed when we saw the room because we have been to Europe several times. There was a King Size bedd, desk with chair, two chairs at a small table, and a dinette table with 4 chairs. The dinette table came in very handy for eating. Bath room was also good size and with all the amenities. Could not complain about anything. We used wake-up calls on 3 mornings and these were right on time.The stores at the station a few yards away were very useful. One was open from 6 AM to midnight and it had everything, food, snacks, beer, wine, liquor, detergent, etc. The Tube station was also very handy and we used this alot. We had a 7 Day pass which I purchased on the Web prior to the trip. Great idea.We purchased Paddington Bears for the grandchildren in the lobby. Beautiful!We used the Express Check-out and this was great.Next trip we plan to again stay at this Hilton. I highly recommend it.	
May 29 2006	Just ok	Stayed here on business in May 06. The main plus point is the accessibility from Paddington Station (it is more or less in the station with a door leading you straight to trains). The miunus were that the room I was given was rather small and the prices for the room were rather steep. Would not stay here unles the company was paying. Breakfast is good however.	
May 22 2006	Fabulous Hotel	I have just spent the weekend at this hotel and had a wonderful time. The room was spacious and exceptionally clean. All the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful - lots of smiles! The location was just fabulous directly across the street from the underground and the Paddington concourse offered a whole load of snack options at any time from breakfast to supper. We found a great rate on lastminute.com and without a doubt will not look to stay at any other hotel when we next visit London and we will be recommending it to our friends.	
May 22 2006	Thefts at the property	Be forewarned. My wife and I checked out this morning after a three night stay at this property. On Sunday 30-APR afternoon (most likely between 2pm and 6pm), upwards of six individual rooms were broken into. There were no signs of forced entry. The consistent theme of all of the thefts were that laptops, digital cameras and mobile phones were taken, everything else was ignored. We know this because we spoke to several of the other victims in the hotel lobby. We lost a laptop and a mobile phone.The worst part is not the theft. While that sucks, there will always be criminals. I'm out quite a bit of work and a few irreplaceable items, but there is nothing I can do about that. The worst part was the conduct of the front desk hotel staff (from the Duty Manager to the people working behind the front desk). It certainly didn't feel right that we were walking, alone, to the Paddington Police station at 10pm on Sunday night (after waiting nearly 4 hours, and chasing people for status) on our last night in London. It doesn't matter that I'm a Diamond member, I expected a little bit of consideration as somebody who just got robbed on their property and got absolutely none.And to add insult to injury, they are trying to bill me for the stay (yes, the very same stay where my laptop was stolen). I have filed a dispute with my credit card company.It's really a shame. I like the property, and I like the location (I've stayed there before), very convenient if arriving from Heathrow. However, I will look elsewhere given the Hotel management actions to date (and I *would* have stayed there again after the theft if there had been one iota of customer service and assistance) when I am in London again. You should consider the same.You should consider your alternatives when staying London, not because this incident is necessarily indicative of their overall safety procedures (one should certainly question those) but rather their actions (or I should say complete inaction) afterwards.	
May 14 2006	great location decent hotel	Great location as it is adjacent to paddngton station and the underground (tube). Easy to get to/from LHR via Heathrow Express which runs every 15 minutes. Room was average for a business hotel. Very clean. Would stay there again primarily due to location.	
May 14 2006	Not recommended	The really disappointing part of staying in this hotel was that there was no hot water on the first morning of our stay. This seems quite inconceivable for such an expensive hotel. Apparently, we found out weeks afterwards in a letter from the manager, there were problems with burst pipes. However, information on the day itself was very sparse and we just kept being told that the hot water would be on soon, which it never was. Also, beware of using the quick checkout system as, instead of being charged simply a tray charge for breakfast in the room (breakfast was included in the tariff), we were overcharged nearly £40! We were compsensated slightly for the inconvenience after writing a letter of complaint but it didn't make up for the inconvenience and loss of a morning due to not being able to have a shower or even wash in hot water. Unfortunately, due to this experience, I would recommend staying elsewhere. Certainly not up to the usual Hilton standards.	
Apr 29 2006	Not what I expected	I spent four nights and five days at this hotel, over a weekend. I am a Hilton Honors Diamond card holder. I prepaid for the room in order to lower my costs and the room grade was a &quot;King Junior Suite&quot; with king-size bed. The description also said that this was a larger room and had a day-bed in this suite as well, with a larger bath and shower. I am a US citizen so I am always surprised by how small the European hotel rooms are, and this was no exception. First we got into the room (nonsmoking, 3rd floor) and discovered a double bed, not a king size by any means (my queen at home is larger). Next I would never call this a &quot;suite&quot;, it was a little longer than the typical small European hotel room with a small table and two chairs but no daybed. I went back down to the front desk and asked if there was any space to upgrade, but they said they were fully booked, and that this was an &quot;executive room&quot;, meaning I would have access to the &quot;executive lounge&quot; (more on this later). The clerk said she would make a notation on my file and if space opened up the 2nd night I would be upgraded. The room was clean and the bed was confortable and the bath was fine, we only used the separate shower stall.No one contacted me the next day, the newspaper I requested was not on my door, and when I went down to the desk they had no record of my conversation with the clerk the day before. I get MUCH better service from Hilton staff in USA and Australia than this!The cleaning crew did a fine job and left me two bottles of water each day.The executive lounge was aparently under construction so they had emptied a standard hotel room and slipped in some chairs, tables and some beverages and a PC for free internet access. It was crowded and dim and I left as soon as I looked in.This hotel was always busy and crowded in the lobby and restaurant, a result of its being attached to Paddington station. So while it is convenient for the traveler, for anyone wishing extended peace and quiet and room to relax, this hotel was far too busy, and there was evidently never any upgrade space available. so next time I will try a different hotel. I am attaching photos taken just before we checked out (so the room is not neat, sorry!).	
Apr 28 2006	Great Hotel	My best friend and I made our first trip to London last weekend. We stayed at the Hilton Paddington and it was fabulos. I always thought of European hotel rooms as being small, and although it wasn't huge, the room was a resonable size. The hotel was centered right off the tube station and right near great shops and places to eat. I would stay here again. My only complaint is that I had to sleep in a twin bed. Other than that it was great.	
Apr 27 2006	Great hotel and great location	Stayed there for a week (8 days actually) - nothing to say, just good things. We got an upgrade without asking, apparently 8 days stay helped. Service was great, room was impecable. A few things to wish for: free Internet (for this kind of money they can throw it in!) and get rid of automatically charging mini-bar. You touch anything there - it appears on a bill. They removed the charges without a word though.Location is just absolutely fantastic, arrive from Heathrow and you are already there. 10 minutes from attractions and a bunch of good places to eat around. Loved &quot;Dicken's Tavern&quot; - nice pub with good simple food served until 9 pm, which is rare.	
Apr 24 2006	Great Value Great Location	My wife and I came across this hotel as we were searching for somewhere reasonably priced in London (hah!) for a first anniversary trip. We got an excellent deal for airfare and hotel from an on-line bidding site for this hotel. The hotel was very modern and clean. The staff were helpful, albeit not overly friendly. Our room was great and actually BIGGER than we expected a European hotel room to be. Although the hotel is not in the heart of the tourist area, we found it EXTREMELY convenient to be right on the underground stop at Paddington Station and to have all of the markets/facilities near us that come with a big station like that. We found a couple of OK restaurants in the area and found that it was only a short walk to Hyde Park from the hotel. While our overall impression was that businesspeople stayed at this hotel more frequently than tourists, this hotel was a great find for us. We would stay there again.	
Apr 24 2006	A detailed review of the Hilton London Paddington	After arriving in Euston station I joined the ticket queue and purchased 3 all day travel cards for the tube, trains and busses. This comes to around £4.90 a ticket which I think is great value for unlimited transport!I walked down to Euston square tube station where you can get the circle line directly to the Hilton London Paddington.The hotel itself is connected to the train station via a little bridge that leads straight to a Starbucks and the hotel reception. Check in was swift and as I’m a member of the HHonours scheme, I was upgraded to a superior room.This hotel is smart. It’s been recently refurbished and the whole place is spotlessly clean. The staff are efficient and very pleasant and you can tell they are experienced.The rooms are very spacious and well equipped with complimentary tea and coffee making facilities, stationary and toiletries. The bathroom was also spacious with bath and a power shower. No bathrobes, but again this is usually the norm for 4* hotels. I would have rated this hotel a 5* if it hadn’t been for the view (or lack of it). You’d have to be mad (or perhaps a bit sad) to eat and drink in this hotel as you are literally surround with endless restaurants, pubs and bars. If you have kids there is a Burger King, McDonalds and Subway across the road from the hotel street entrance. If not, there is a traditional English pub to the right of the hotel and an Italian restaurant to your immediate left. Directly opposite the hotel is a steak house etc. You really need your head examining if you choose to eat and drink in the dull hotel bar!Location wise this hotel couldn’t be better. Take the Bakerloo eastbound and your at Charing Cross (Trafalgar Square/The Strand/Leicester Square) in a matter of minutes. I hope this review helps.	
Apr 21 2006	Good hotel near the centre of town	Booked the hotel through Last Minute and paid £107 for a standard double for 2 adults for a 2 night stay. I booked a no smoking room but on arrival there were none available so they upgraded us to a non smoking deluxe double. We thought it were strange that they give you an ashtray and matches in a non smoking room so we checked with reception. Apparently all rooms are smoking / non smoking so housekeeping must have forgotten to remove the ashtray!Hotel itself was very good and well looked after. Room was spacious, clean and well equipped. Double bed was a bit strange... We soon realised that it wasn't actually a double, it was two singles pushed together. The Paddington Hilton have a strange idea of bed linen too - a double bed with two single duvet covers.Two pieces of advice about this hotel - DON'T remove anything from the minibar unless you are prepared to pay for it. It automatically registers that you've removed something and they charge you for it regardless of whether you have consumed it or not. I found out the hard way when I removed a very small packet of hob nobs which they wanted £4.95 for.Don't drink in the bar unless you don't mind being robbed - £19.90 for a whiskey and a rum and coke. Prices plucked straight from the sky.Garfunkels a couple of doors down does a very good and reasonably priced breakfast. There's a Budgens across the road which sell biscuits - large packets of yummy chocolate digestives for under a pound.All in all a brilliant couple of days in London. The hotel is in a perfect spot - out of the main hustle bustle but right next door to the tube and an easy stroll to Hyde Park and the centre of town.	
Apr 20 2006	Just off the Tube station - Paddington	You walk out of the Paddington Tube station and it is right there. That is the BIG plus of this hotel. Also it has the Heathrow Express to get you to the airport quick. We booked through Priceline - NO BREAKFAST. Don't be fooled, we were. Could not open the windows, stuffy and the airconditioning wouldn't come on. The room was big, beds were great with down comforters, nice touch. A lovely bar with coffee pot and tea with biscuits. Nice soap, shampoo &amp; conditioner containers, upscale touch. Train Station almost in the lobby, with a Starbucks. Good place to stay.	
Apr 20 2006	Fantastic	We booked the hotel through last minute and got it for a steal at 50 pounds a night.We expected to be put in a horrible room, but had a very large room (for London especially) with a great bathroom. The mattress on the bed could have been slightly more comfortable, but really everything else was astounding. Fantastic location, best hotel i've ever stayed in in London.	
Apr 17 2006	Usually great but this time a real dissapointment	The first thing I'd like to say is that myself and my partner have stayed at this hotel several times and have always had a good experience.However, this time we're giving it a low grade due to the following.When we arrived at the hotel (we were in room 120), we found that our double bed had been 'made' (and I use the term loosely) with two single duvets instead of the usual double duvet (see the attached photo).We called the front desk to complain (politely I might add as we decided to give them the benefit of the doubt etc) and the duty customer service manager was dispatched to our room.When he arrived, we were told that this kind of set-up was 'standard' for Hilton hotels, which we know from experience is wrong. When we said that, we were asked &quot;Oh, well have you stayed in THIS Hilton?&quot; to which we responded 'yes, several times actually'. The last excuse we got was that &quot;Oh, well have you stayed in this ROOM before?&quot;, implying that for this room this was the usual (sub)standard level of service.We FINALLY got the manager to agree to give us a double duvet, but quite frankly, I was shocked by not only the completely indifferent attitude of the staff on this occasion, but also the blatant lying that we were subjected to.Sorry Hilton London Paddington, usually you're a great hotel, but on this occasion, VERY bad form.	
Mar 27 2006	Will stay here again next time in London	Fantastic - lovely large room and bathroom (had just booked a standard room so assume this is what it was) done in an art deco style. Got a great deal of £65 per night on Lastminute excluding breakfast which for London seems pretty good. We had asked for a quiet room when booking and did not get bothered by any street noise - we were on the 5th floor at the back. The best thing about this place is the location - right at Paddington Station which you can get into through the hotel foyer. This made our travel around London so easy. Can't say much about the service as we didn't really need any assistance but didn't have any problems with it. The only blot on the stay was a false fire alarm early on Saturday morning which was a somewhat harsh awakening but on the upside at least it meant we got in and out of Oxford St before the crowds started!	
Mar 7 2006	Happy at the Hilton	Stayed for a couple of nights booked through last minute dot com at a bargin rate of 107 pounds, 2 nights in delux double. Spacious room, clean and hotel in good location for public transport (tube lines and heathrow express on door step). Staff were all friendly and helpful.Only complaints lack of hot water one morning and prices for bar snacks (9 quid for a cheese sandwich!?). Garfunkels restuarant just a few steps nearby hotel for breakfast etc. should you prefer not to pay hotel prices.Other than that, pretty well what you might expect from a major chain in a major city and would recommend as a good location in particular for those wishing to stay in london who require hassle free links to heathrow.	
Mar 6 2006	Fantasitc"	Got this hotel thanks to Lastminute £59.74 for one night! Excellent 4star hotel. Very clean, friendly hotel. A Lot to offer us on our day outin london and stop over! We also visited Dover Street Restaurant in Mayfair, Fantastic experience ! We saw how the other half lived on this trip! Thank you Hilton Paddington for our great stay!	
Feb 28 2006 	Housekeeping 	An average experience for London, would expect more from a hotel which charges £180 for a nights stay.Cracked basin in washroom, bandaid not cleaned away off the bath, shower had missing fixing cover - question housekeeping checks. No internet service guide or cables so service not used, I did not want to log on to find pricing nor contact front desk. Bed comfortable and in-room facilities ok - unlikely to return sorry, London has alternatives	
Feb 20 2006	Good London Hotel	Stayed here for a weekend in February. Booked the 2 night B&amp;B special with Dinner on the first night (£200 for 2 of us). Rooms are a good size for London, very high ceiling. Plenty of TV channels but mostly foreign. Perfect Location for sight-seeing. Paddington Tube Station - Praed Street entrance is opposite the hotel entrance. There is also an entrance directly to the train station.Breakfast was amazing, if a little busy. Dinner was a 3 course buffet with plenty of meat/seafood offerings. Plenty of choice.Only 2 negativesCheck in - Staff were just down right rude. No other way of describing them.Bar prices - Pint of Lager and a white wine with soda were £12.50Would stay again (but wouldnt drink here)	
Feb 19 2006	Good convienient hotel	As said in many other reviews, the location of the hotel could not be better, hop of the train and into the hotel lobby. The Reception area is small but nicely decorated, with doors leading of to the bar and restaurant. Check in was fairly swift, the only thing that annoyed me was that the receptionist told me I could not use my HH Blue card because I purchased the rate elsewhere not through Hilton. But on check out, I gave my card to another receptionist, who put my number on their systems without the bat of an eyelid.Saying that, the rest of our one night stay was pleasant. My room (214) was a good size, even for Hilton, whose standard rooms are usually tiny throughout. Amenities include a coffee machine, tea and coffee, and the usual overpriced mini bar. There was a fairly good selection of channels on tv, a working desk, two telephones in the bedroom and one in the bathroom next to the toilet!Location wise, it's not too bad, you can hop onto the tube and get to most places that way, or take the bus which is close by. The tube station itself has a sainsburys, marks and spencers, smiths to name a few, so its always worth picking up something from here. So all in all, a fairly good hotel, but I prefer staying at the Waldorf.	
Feb 2 2006	Best located	The Hilton London Paddington is best located being directly attached to Paddington Station from where not only the Heathrow Express and other trains, but several tube lines and lots of buses leave as well. The Hotel is pretty much what one expects from a Hilton. However, I thought the room I got was very spacious considering being in London. Staff was friendly and helpful, but not above average.I will definitely book this hotel again, when I go back to London for a private stay.	
Jan 23 2006	Great choice	If you are coming in from Heathrow, can't think of a more convenient location. Express train and up one floor to your hotel. We got in our room early and found it roomy (by Europeon standards) and clean. Coffee,tea and shortbread cookies were kept stocked and the space in the mini fridge for your own stuff was nice. Bathroom was really good size. Staff was good. One concierge paid no attention to our request for an upscale Italian or French restaurant and booked us into an English restaurant. When we brought it to the attention of another concierge (Mike), he got us into the #2 French restaurant in London. Great meal!! We are also HHonor members so we had breakfast every morning included. Never did see our newspaper but we never complained about it either. Only drawback is the rooms were SO hot but we have found that to be true in most Europeon hotels. Would definitely stay here again. Neighborhood is so-so but we found a couple nice restaurants and it was very convenient to everything.	
Jan 23 2006	Heathrow Hotel in London City	We decided to stay at Hilton London Paddington on our way back home from Edinburgh. We wanted to spend a day in London (stopover) and because of an early flight out of Heathrow the next day needed a hotel close to the airport. After looking around and exploring options, we decided that Hilton Paddington was the best choice since it is only 15 minutes to Terminal 1 by Heathrow Express and the station is really only 30 feet away. Since we arrived to London on the Boxing Day there were not too many new guests Arriving and the city/hotel were half asleep, so we did not have any problems checking in. On the outside the hotel looks very modern and cool but inside it is a little different. We booked a Junior Suite (really cheap advance purchase rate for this period when no business travellers are staying). The Junior Suite consisted of a bedroom and a small working/seating area with a nice round table. In any way, I expected a somewhat bigger room for a Junior Suite. The furniture looked (and probably was) rather old but the room was tidy and clean. The bathroom did not really impressed us but again it was clean and had all the amenities one would expect to find in a Hilton room. What was weird is that the toilet was right behind the bathroom door. Since the door was opening inside, sitting (excuse me) on the toilet can be pretty dangerous as one could be smacked with an opening door. The TV was small but had many channels. I also liked the choice of the room minibar (wanted a galss of wine before going to bed and was surprised with the selection). We did not eat at the hotel but the menus available in the room (both room service and hotel restarants) suggested that we would have liked eating there.Regarding some points of view expressed in previous reviews that the hotel area is pretty shabby or even criminal, I would disagree as I stayed in the area several times and I think that it is not that different from other central London districts. It is in fact the tourist hotels' district (Bayswater, Queensway).To some up I would like to point out that the hotel is rather expensive for what it offers (probably because it mostly caters to business travellers who enjoy the proximity to Heathrow airport), but one could find good rates if booking in advance. Therefore I would not recommend staying there if you're visiting London for a few days as a tourist. However, if you need a nice hotel that is close to Heathrow then look no more and book a room. We certainly enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay there again. We did not expected a luxury stay (and were out in the city the whole day anyway) but we felt really welcomed and taken care of, and did not regret our choice.	
Jan 14 2006	Early flight to Heathrow?	The quickest way to Heathrow is by the train called Heathrow Express, which leaves from Paddington Station every 15 minutes all day long (14 pounds one way). This Hilton is connected to the station. There's no reason to stay here unless you have an early flight to Heathrow in which case it's very convenient. The area is a little scary for a block or two surrounding the station. Our room was not ready when we arrived at 3:00 (which is check-in time by the way) so we went across the street to a nice looking &quot;Angus steak house&quot; (pretty good steak, kind of like a Sizzler) to wait and have an early dinner. There are semi-homeless looking men who seem to mill around the area. One man came into the restaurant, the hostess asked him to wait to be seated when he suddenly began to kick and spit on the hostess. Patrons in the restaurant were really scared, they thought he was a terrorist. This is really a non-descript dull area, even though it's only a 15 minute walk to Hyde Park and Kensington Park. There are very few restaurants in the area. Even though my steak was good at the little steak house across from the hotel, a lot of the customers are these dodgy looking men who hang out around the station and they all smoke incessantly. What do you know, after this bad experience with the violent restaurant customer, our room was still not ready and it was 4 pm! I asked for help from the concierge about what we should do but his English was so poor, he was no help. There was a long line of people to talk to the 2 concierges and they really couldn't help anyone. One woman stomped off because she wanted driving directions to Walford but they couldn't get them for some reason.  We were upgraded to a nice room, but the desk clerk said that there had been much &quot;revelry&quot; in the room the night before (New Year's Eve), hence the extended time required to clean it. Great, just what I wanted, party central being cleaned up in my room. I was told we could be given free drinks in their bland, dull lobby area as compensation for our wait. I declined and we went for a walk in Hyde Park. In the winter it's really too cold and dormant to enjoy this park. Plus in the winter in London it starts getting dark about 3:00 in the afternoon. FINALLY we were allowed into the room. It was a nice big room with a very dimly lit sitting area as well as a bedroom. There was a broken lamp, the other lamp had a burned out bulb, the shaving mirror in the bathroom was hanging limply from the wall and couldn't be used. Our &quot;view&quot; room looked out at an apartment house. The TV had very few stations, most in foreign languages, including 2 Arabic stations. The shower smelled stale. The bed had no sheets or blankets, just one thin duvet that was folded on the bed. (Had they forgotten to make up the bed?) It was difficult to keep the covers on in the night. I was really disappointed that this was where we spent our last night in London. I had reseved this room on Expedia.com for a one night stay. The Hilton had no record of this and charged me as well. So I've been charged twice for one night. I'm trying to work this out. The Hilton Paddington staff seems very young and many seem like this is their first day on the job. Don't stay here, it's like you're staying at the train station. I paid $358 for this mess.	
Jan 3 2006	great value	We stayed for two nights for £199 which included dinner on the first night and buffet breakfast both mornings.First impressions were favourable - less than a minute after leaving the train, we were at reception.Our HHonors card even got us an upgrade to a junior suite (guess it was the dead zone between xmas and new year) but it had a 6 ft bed and masses of space in the room.The room fronted the main road(praed street) and we were woken at about 5.30 on day one by the street cleaners, but that's not unusual in London.Access to the shops, theatres etc in central london is easy via paddington tube stationWe shall certainly stay again	
Dec 9 2005	Unpleasant stay awful service	This was my third stay at this hotel, my second as a Hilton HHonours Gold. Although as a Gold member I'm supposed to be upgraded to the Executive Level and they had multiple rooms available according to their web-site (the number of available rooms actually increased during my stay) they refused to upgrade me and constantly lied about what rooms they had available. One of the managers even remarked very sarcastically something like &quot;You expect a suite just because you complain&quot;. Also I did not get my newspaper on the first day, one of the few guests that didn't as there were, literally, dozens of them all over the floor that morning. Another problem was I had booked a rate with a pre-paid diner on my first night, because I would not be able to eat at the hotel on that day I told them to forget about it when I checked in. They told me that they would switch it to my second night. Of course when I went to get my diner on the second night my name (or room #) wasn't on the pre-paid list.There was a malfunctionning lamp in my room, I reported it on the first day. 2 days later nothing had been done, things actually got worse as it went from malfunctionning to not functionning at all.I wrote a dozen letters of complaints to Hilton HHonours, most were totaly ignored and the only responses I got were of the &quot;I'm sorry and will pass on your complaint to my supervisor&quot; type, followed by silence.I was so mad that I cut up my membership card and gave it to the manager, apparently that wasn't a clear enough indication of my feelings to Hilton because the last e-mail I got from them included &quot;I understand that you still feel that some issues are outstanding&quot;.Anyway, not very happy and I have decided never to stay at a UK Hilton again .Luc de Chancenotte	
Dec 5 2005	Excellent hotel definitely 4 stars	We have just spent two nights at the Hilton Paddington, at GBP99 per night including three course buffet meal on the first night and full breakfast buffet on both mornings. We've stayed in many supposedly 4 star hotels, only to end up in a 2 star room because we paid a lower price (false advertising in my opinion). This was definitely 4 stars, in every way. The location of the hotel is great, being on the Bakerloo line for direct access to Oxford Circus and beyond, and on the District/Circle line for just about anywhere else. There are also various facilities in Paddington station, including a Sainsburys which is open until midnight. The room itself was great, we had a regular room on the 4th floor and even with a baby cot in there we had plenty of room for our two year old to run around in. The bathroom was also a good size, with the previously mentioned speaker system wired up to it, great unless you have a child watching Pingu at 7am, then it's just weird! The meal included on the first night was also of excellent quality, a buffet of three courses, with various salads, four main course options and five dessert options including fresh fruit. Be warned that drinks are expensive, GBP20 for 3 diet cokes and an apple juice! Breakfast was of the same standard, more than enough to satisfy even the pickiest eater.The staff were all extremely friendly, we arrived at 11am on a Friday morning and could have a room straight away. My husband removed something from the minibar to take a look before reading the sign saying it would be automatically charged, but the maid saw we hadn't actually used the item and it wasn't included on our final bill. Every single member of staff said hello as they passed us, and the concierge's assistant even found a balloon for our daughter when she was upset about something.We will definitely stay there in future when visiting London, and have already recommended it to friends and family. An excellent choice and good value too if you book the deal we did.	
Nov 21 2005 	No Early Checkin	This is my 2nd stay at this hotel.Great location as connected to Paddington station thus a short Heathrow Express train ride away from the airport.The only downside was a requested early checkin was not honoured. After a long transatlantic flight with little sleep this was annoying at best.Beware of waiting in the lounge for your room to be prepared. The waiter kept asking if I was a guest of the hotel and implied that I should purchase something for the privelege of sitting on their lounge.I moved to the Starbucks outside the hotel door to avoid further harrassment.	
Nov 13 2005	Nice Hotel - shame about the cooking smells	This hotel has been totally renovated in recent years. The end result looks great - but our 2 night stay was spoilt by the smell of cooking which seems to pervade most of the hotel. In our room, with the airconditioning fan switched off, the smell of fried or grilled food seemed to be blown in from one of the ceiling vents. Only with the fan on &quot;full&quot;, which was very noisy, did the smells just about go away.The open plan reception, bar and restaurant area was also unpleasantly smelly. We would not consider staying there again unless the problem with the cooking smells was properly fixed.	
Nov 5 2005	Lovely hotel in perfect location	Have just returned from a 2 night Hilton break booked on their website. This is our second stay at this hotel and once again we have not been disappointed. The location is superb as is the hotel and everything that goes with it.Be prepared for a melt down when staying though. This is the hottest hotel we have ever stayed in, temperature wise. We had to turn the air con off and open the windows as much as we could, even keeping them open all night and this was November! The air con did nothing to cool the room down.Basic rooms are relatively small, but in London you tend to spend very little time in them. We used the restaurant for all meals and enjoyed a wide selection of very good quality food.Take the bus to Campden Town from the taxi rank. This is an experience not to be missed. It takes you back to the 60's and anything goes.All in all a lovely stay but take minimal clothing whilst in the hotel, anything more and you will melt.	
Oct 17 2005 	What a great Hotel!	Simply a Great Hotel for business and pleasure. I have stayed here several times and staff is just so attentive.Wireless internet trhoughout the hotel works fine and prices for this service are reasonable. Roomrates are high but service is outstanding.I would recommend this hotel as it is so close to the airport via the trainlink and still in the middle of town.	
Oct 15 2005 	checked out 2 days early and in the future will avoid this place like the plague	I stayed in the Paddington Hilton in February of this year. While I was originally scheduled to stay there for 4 days, I checked out after only 2 due to unacceptable service. Especially given the GBP 220 per night charge. Adding insult to injury, after a bit of research I found that several far superior hotels were charging less than that during the same period (e.g. The Dorchester).But getting back to the Paddington Hilton: It's true that the room was relatively large, however the bathroom was only average. Furthermore, while I had reserved an Executive room, which promised a walk-in shower, the room I was in was neither on the executive floor, nor did it have a separate shower. Trivial details to be sure, however I was paying for those features and did not receive them.Upon arrival in the room I discovered a tiny little duvet that certainly wasn't going to keep me warm for the night. So I called housekeeping to ask for regular sheets and blankets. They said they would take care of it. When I returned to the room much later in the evening, it had not been taken care of. By this point it was too late, so I waited until the next day and called housekeeping again upon returning from my meetings. This time a charming man came up, who admitted that many guests can't stand the little duvets (which he claimed were scheduled to be removed throughout the hotel in the near future). By the end of the second day I was so fed up by the poor service and high price, I decided to see if there was a suitable alternative. To my surprise, everything was less expensive and in a far superior location for the sightseeing that I was planning for the last two days of my stay. So I moved to a hotel in Mayfair.  When I checked out, I pointed out that I was checking out 2 days early. The reception clerk didn't even think to ask if I was checking out due to a problem. Since I am essentially a non-confrontational sort I didn't mention my disappointment with the hotel. Especially since one of the major shortcomings of the hotel in my opinion is the reception desk staff who are shockingly unprofessional (not to mention there wasn't even one native English speaker working there during the time I was there).Upon returning home I called the hotel and asked for the manager. I told him of my disappointment with the hotel service, including the failure of the check-out clerk to inquire as to why I was leaving 2 days early. He first tried to defend the hotel and belittle my experience. Finally he said that perhaps on my next visit they could upgrade me or something of that nature. I told him that since I would never again stay at the Paddington Hilton, it didn't really matter.I told him I had only called to let him know that the front desk staff is in need of some customer service training.You should understand that I rarely am upset by hotel stays. They are either fine or outstanding. In fact, I recently wrote several outstanding reviews on this board. But not for this hotel.By the way, regarding the location of this hotel that everyone on the board seems to rave about. I found the location to be simply awful for anyone who likes to just walk out their door and sightsee. The Paddington is in what seems to be a rather unpleasant, unsightly area. A better choice for tourists would be in the Mayfair area (which is where I switched to).	
Oct 14 2005	Fantastic hotel when traveling through Heathrow	I spent one night at this hotel on my way back to the States from Italy. The location couldn't be more convenient to Heathrow -- you walk out of the lobby into Paddington Station, take the elevator down, hop on the Express, and 15 minutes later, you're at the airport. The room itself was modern, spacious, well-apportioned, and comfortable. I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 13 2005	The Hilton London Paddington was Great!	I recently stayed at the Hilton Paddington and had a great stay. We stayed four nights at 108.00 BP per night, which is a steal for this type of hotel in London.The location is perfect for getting around the city and beyond with underground and long distance trains just steps away at Paddington station.Being a Hilton Honors member got us upgraded to a nicer room and it gave us access to the Honors lounge, which offered free breakfast and high speed internet access.We flew into Gatwick and took the Gatwick Express to Victoria Station and changed there for the Tube for a quick ride to Paddington station.The only negative was the restaurant suggestion by the concierge. We ate at an indian restaurant named &quot;Jamuna&quot;. Don't eat there!! We were severely price gouged. $266.00 usd for 2 adults and 3 kids. We drank water, had 2 small appetizers, 3 shared entrees, and dessert drinks (non-alcoholic). The food was good, but not nearly worth the price. I can't even say the atmosphere or the service made up the difference, because they were average at best. Save yourself some cash and choose carefully.	
Oct 12 2005 	Average	this hotel is engulfed by strong smell from the kitchens at all times, even the rooms smell of fried food.Cleanliness was ok, Air conditioning was pathetic, the bar closed early and woudnt re -open for residents. Average	
Sep 27 2005	Staying at the hilton Paddington Station	Stayed at the Hilton Paddington Station. This spring, last week of April. It is a lovely hotel. There was construction going on outside of our hotel window and we were concerned about a problem but there wasn't any. It is convienently located in town and we picked up the double decker tour which was within 2 blocks. It was a good choice as we had the tube &amp; rail station a doorway away. The beds were comfortable and we had connecting rooms so our daughters were close by. I would recommend the hilton as the conciege was very informative and held our bags. We felt very relaxed and confortable there	
Sep 21 2005	Absolutely wonderful!!!	We had a really wonderful stay at the Hilton Paddington. The location simply could not be better - since it is attached to the railway station and just across from the underground, you can get anywhere in London within minutes, and yet there is no noise in the room from the trains. The proximity to the station was also so convenient because there were plenty of places to eat in the station as well as a Starbucks and two grocery stores. The hotel was so comfortable and accomodating. Each floor has an ice machine (a rarity in Britain!) and a shoeshine machine. In each room is a minibar fridge which actually has a small empty space &quot;for your personal use&quot; which came in very handy. There were even complimentary bottles of sparkling and still water. The room was large, quiet, and comfortable. The bathroom was spacious and included both a tub and separate shower. The staff was friendly and helpful. Our rate (a special of 99 GBP per night) included a dinner in the restaurant, which was a great deal - the dinner was three delicious courses you could choose from a menu and would ordinarily have cost 20 GBP. The breakfast was also included every morning and was a bountiful buffet including everything you could imagine, hot and cold. I think I have found my new base to stay every time I visit London in the future. Absolutely superb and a terrific value.	
Sep 16 2005	Great Location and Comfortable Rooms	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hilton Paddington last week and it really was one of the smartest things we have ever done. After traveling from the states and arriving at Heathrow around 11 pm, we took the fabulous Heathrow Express (15 minutes) to Paddington Station. Exited the train and took one escalator and we were at the hotel! All of the employees of the hotel that we had contact with were friendly, accomodating and helpful. The room was large and very modern and up to date. We had reserved a non-smoking room but none were available upon check in. Reluctantly, we took the smoking room but suprisingly it smelled fine with no smoke residue. The hotel is located in a neighborhood where it's possible to get a meal at reasonable prices and breakfast around the corner at what we would call a deli was tasty and reliable. The Paddington Underground stop is underneath the hotel so getting to other parts of London is very easy. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone that is looking for a comfortable bed, large rooms, convienent location and good service.	
Aug 25 2005	Great Stay at the Hilton Paddington!	We stayed at the Hilton London Paddington for 3 nights in August. We received good customer service from every employee we encountered. Our room was immaculate. We used Hilton Honors points for 1 of the nights, and even though am only a Silver member, they gave us access to the Executive Lounge and gym. The employees in the Lounge couldn't do enough for you. We took the Heathrow Express to Paddington and walked to the front desk in 5 minutes! Right outside the Hilton door inside Paddington is a Starbucks, Krispy Kreme, Burger King (for the kids!), a couple of restaurants, and a grocery store where we picked up some water and snacks. The breakfast at the Hilton has a wide selection and worthwhile if it is included in your room price. The Paddington tube station is right across the street and we were any where in London within 20 minutes. Overall, we were very pleased with our stay at the Hilton and would stay there again.	
Jul 2 2005	Fantastic	This hotel surpassed my expectations. Coming from outside the country I was worried I would hit Paddington and have to wander around to find it - not so...you can walk from your train into the hotel, all inside the station.And what a hotel. Art Deco theme, very - very nice. Nice size rooms. Very clean. My wife and I had both room service and breakfast - and they far surpassed our expectations. Staff was very friendly with our room request and assistance with directions.My only disappointment? That I had to leave. Should I return to London, I would not think of staying anywhere else.	
Jun 4 2005	Great staff excellent location	This is by far London's best connected hotel. It’s just a few steps from the tube, the Heathrow Express and many other trains to points west. Close proximity (within 50 yards of hotel lobby) to Starbucks, a grocery store, an ATM, several cafes and The Mad Bishop Pub. £155 per night for a 4 star hotel is an excellent value for The Big Smoke. Rooms were clean, quiet and fairly large by European standards (approx 225 sq ft). In room amenities include: a programmable safe, mini-bar, coffee maker, free cookies, iron, cable TV (but only a handful of channels), an RJ45 data port (£15 per day), 3 telephones and a fairly large closet. The bathroom was also fairly large and had speakers which piped in the sound from the TV, so you can listen to the TV/radio while you're getting ready. If you are a Hilton Honors member, you also get a free copy of The Times delivered to your door every morning. If you aren’t, just ask the concierge for a free copy.The staff was quite courteous and friendly. Of the 12-15 staff members that we interacted with, only 2 were Britons. However they all spoke English very well. IMO, a multilingual staff at a hotel with many different international guests is invaluable. The bartenders were mostly Italian. The Front Desk staff was Philipina, Russian and Irish. The bell staff and housekeepers were Pakistani and Ukrainian. The doorman and the concierge were the only English.The front desk staff went out of their way to help us. Our flight arrived at 9 AM, so we were at the hotel by 10, and requested an early check in. Standard check in time is 3 PM, but we were able to get into our rooms at 11:30 AM for no extra charge. I indulged in a Coca-Cola from the mini bar, but replaced it after housekeeping took the count. Upon check out, I disputed the charge and it was removed from the bill with no hassle.If you are flying int Heathrow and plan to take full advantage of London's excellent rail and public transportation system, there is no better hotel. There is absolutely nothing that I can say negative about this property. It was truly a wonderful experience and would highly recommend it to anyone.	
May 26 2005	Hilton Paddington April 27 2005	Very convenient (across the street) from a Tube stop. Clean, stylish lobby; very pleasant and helpful Front Desk staff; had to wait to check in which is understandable and Front Desk suggested we relax in the Executive Lounge (available to Gold/Diamond members). Executive Lounge was VERY well equipped with free internet, several newspapers, clean, stylish seating, and delicious food. During our stay we had complimentary happy hour, as well as comp breakfast there. Breakfast was the best we had during our entire U.K. stay! Kippers, smoked salmon, fresh fruit, croissants, ham, eggs, sausage....the works! Our room was a nice, updated, medium sized, with extremely comfortable bed and fabulous bed linens (extra pillows, down comforter, etc.). Location is in a very safe area, within walking distance of nice shops and Portobello Road Market. Not really near main tourist sites, but Tube stop is just steps away. Would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 29 2005	Wonderful convenience.	I got a truly great price through an on-line bidding site and was given a very nice room where everything worked beautifully. It was very convenient to have a safe in the room, and the cash bar/fridge clearly warns you that there is a charge if you move any items. They provide a tiny space for your own use which comes in handy. There is a large collection of stores connected to the hotel through Paddington Station and it is very convenient to use to pick up something to eat, or any items you may have forgotten. The subway, Heathrow Express, etc. connections just don't get any better than this. I don't understand why other reviews complain about the prices of the hotel's restaurants when there are a dozen other choices right outside the door in the indoor covered Paddington station concourse. A few more steps take you to other options including full grocery stores. For my $104 bid I could not have done any better.	
Apr 26 2005	Must try harder	I just returned from a short break in London which involved 3 nights in the Hilton Paddington Hotel. In overall terms this hotel offers reasonable value for money at GBP 99.00 (Subject to Tax / Vat) for a double room per night, however to get this rate you need to book and pay well in advance and it is non flexible, ie no refunds. The Hotel is basically clean, rooms are not big, but at least there was no noise at night, a plus was the connections from the Station next door to all parts of London, Negatives, well there were a few things that bugged me. Firstly you could sit in the lobby lounge / Bar area for upwards of 20 minutes before anybody bothered to come and take your order, a further 10-15 mins would elapse before your order arrived ! of the three elevators only one worked all weekend, leading to delays and people being generally annoyed, on our return to the hotel on Saturday evening none of the lifts worked and guests were being invited to use the stairs !A complaint to reception about the elevators elicited little response and no action. Overall I am glad that I did not pay more than I did because it definitely would not have been worth it. Its a pity that Breakfast was not included in the deal because Stg 19.45 for a full breakfast and Stg 14.55 for a continental breakfast is a ripoff.	
Apr 6 2005	Loved it!	I have stayed at different hotels in London a few times and I must say this has been the best so far. The rooms are very spacious and the iron and ironing board in the room were really handy. I came in through Heathrow Express which is so much quicker than coming through Gatwick. The staff was pleasant and helpful and I will definately go back there on my next trip.	
Mar 8 2005 	Fantastic hotel	I have stayed at the hotel a few times now and it is the best connected hotel via Heathrow and through Paddington Station to the south west. Rooms are excellent and service is great!!	
Feb 18 2005	Convenient and friendly	We stayed at the Hilton Paddington twice during February, 2 days followed by a trip to the countryside, and 2 more days before returning to the USA. The location cannot be beaten for convenience, although there isn't much in the neighborhood as far as restaurants or attractions. The tube stop is literally right downstairs and that's the only way to get around London, so it's perfect. Our room initially was way too warm, but management dealt with it quickly and efficiently, actually moving us to a better room for our trouble. The rooms are not very large but well maintained and comfortable. Service was quite good but, as other reviewers have noted, the staff is not populated entirely with people for whom English is their first language, so communication isn't always easy. Even so, everyone gives a good effort and staying here is a pleasure.............we'll return.The restaurant (Brasserie) leaves a lot to be desired but that's really the only negative.	
Feb 15 2005	Simply Spectacular	What can I say..... after staying 2 nights at the hilton paddington I found the stay 'simply spectacular'. We paid a bargain rate of 99 pounds which included dinner on the first night and breakfast on both mornings. As honours members we also had the nice perks. The rooms were of generous size and was very very quiet, the location was fantastic (tube directly opposite the hotel) and the food was very good. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel and will no doubt return in the very near future. Great!	
Feb 8 2005	Clean comfortable and close	We have traveled in Europe extensively and this was the first time we have ever stayed in American Chain Hotel. We started the new year here spending the night before our return flight to the US. Our room was great, vey spacious with a large, comfortable King size bed, great shower with shower curtain (this was at the end of a three week trip of staying at charming hotels and trying to wash my waist length hair in a tub with hand held shower head or standing in a shower with no shower curtian, impossible to keep water off floor). The room had a seperate coffee and tea maker so my husband and I could both have something to drink when we got up very early to catch the 7:30 Heathrow express train. This service is great, we just took the elevator downstairs to train station and boarded the train (we purchased our ticket the night before) and we at Heathrow within 15 minutes. We will stay here when we return to London.	
Jan 4 2005	Great for a Short Stay	We stayed at the Hilton Paddington for one night only, during a brief stopover in London on our way to Edinburgh. The location of this hotel for brief visits to London cannot be beat. I know it has been said many times already, but I cannot stress enough how wonderful it is to disembark off the Heathrow Express and simply walk upstairs to the Hilton Paddington. And, of course, the hotel is also located at a major Underground station, making one's explorations of London quite easy.The rooms are nice (at least our basic room was). Standard hotel decor, but with a real stylish touch -- not super trendy, but the rooms avoid the cliches of hotel decor (flowered bedspreads, ugly prints on the wall, etc.). The bathroom was large, clean, and well equipped. Staff were not of the warm and fuzzy type. I know that some previous reviewers have described the staff as cold and unhelpful -- I would not say that. But I would call the service perfunctory -- very professional, but not warm or friendly. Which is okay for a short stay where one wants efficient service above all else. Happily, we were able to check into our room before 9 am, straight off our red-eye flight from North America.The only real drawback -- everything is very pricey. The room service, the laundry service, breakfast -- even for U.K. prices, these were hefty. Overall, I would recommend the Hilton Paddington for short stays in London, when quick access to the Heathrow Express is a plus, and when one does not anticipate using any of the hotels overpriced services or restaurants. By the way, the various airline check-in desks formerly located in Paddington Station appear to have been closed for good in early December 2004. So one can no longer check in one's luggage before getting on the Heathrow Express on the way to the airport. Not a big deal, but Hilton does not appear to have updated its website to reflect this new fact.	
Jan 1 2005	Perfect for First Time London Visit	First, let me say that we never make business or vacation plans without checking Trip Advisor for the &quot;real reviews&quot;. We did this for the Paddington as well. My husband and I stayed at Paddington Hilton for 6 nights over Thanksgiving week. We could have stayed at any Hilton but after reading the reviews we decided on Paddington. Used Hilton Honors Points so I was a little worried we might not get the best service. No need to worry. We were able to go directly to our room upon arrival around noon. Being light sleepers, we had asked for and got a wonderfully quiet room. We never once heard any outside or inside noise during our entire stay. The hotel is not in a tourist area but in a business/residential neighborhood. We found this to be a positive. The beds were comfortable and the bathrooms were superior. The room size was adequate with table and comfortable chairs. Though there is no individual refrigerator they give you an area in the honors bar to use for your own items such as drinks, food etc. There are ice machines on each floor as well as coffee supplies and equipment in the room. The maid service was top notch as was the honor club service. The honors club breakfast was great with all the hot and cold selections you could ask for as well as an early evening cocktail hour with snacks. This is worth gold in London since your dollar does not stretch very far. We loved the location. The connection to the Paddington Station is perfect. Plus there is good shopping and food available at reasonable prices. We even got a flu shot at the MedCenter there. The subway is so easy to navigate and you could get to any of the city's sights in just a few minutes. Buy the unlimited pass before you leave home! Best value in the city. We were on and off many times each day even if only to go one or two stops. The only two draw backs I might mention were the TV channels in short supply and the bedding. There was only a feather comforter with duvet to be used as cover. Fine if it was cool but you had no choice if you needed only a light cover such as a sheet. I am sure we could have requested one and probably gotten it but did not so I should not complain. We did not find the service or the employees to be in any way like the reviewer who complained of &quot;foreigners&quot;. Yes their employees appear to have an abundance of people who did not speak English as their first language but we found them more than willing to try to communicate and to accomodate our requests. We found this to be the case in a majority of the customer service positions throughout the city so I can't fault the Hilton in any way for this. Very good experience overall. Will stay there on our next trip.	
Dec 21 2004	Nice hotel great location	We just stayed at this hotel for 2 nights last week 12-11/12. It is in a great location connected to the a train station, directly across the street from a under ground station. The hotel staff were helpful and the concierge was friendly and helpful. The room was large for London standard and very much like the room size in the US. The rooms and bathrooms were very clean. We paid 99lbs per night which included dinner for the 1st night and breakfast each day. There is a internet cafe on the same block across the street which is very helpful. I would stay at the same hotel with no hesitation.	
Dec 12 2004	Worse than a 1 star motel	I stayed at the Paddington Hilton last year, not knowing any hotels in London, and assuming a Hilton would be a safe bet.I had the worse hotel experience of my life. I should have known when I called and tried to make reservations initially and an individual who could barely speak English picked up the phone and asked that I call back at 3am my time because there was no one available at that time. First of all, I was quoted one price and charged almost twice as much, in spite of producing printed proof of the lower price I had been quoted. To add insult to injury, I was informed by a heavily Italian -accented front door clerk that the misunderstanding was due to the fact that my American Enlgish was &quot;not the same&quot; as their English from England. Being fluent in Italian, I offered to speak to him in his native Italian, but I was dismissed with a haughty sniff. It gets worse.... Apparently, their wake-up service was not working at the time I stayed there. Consequently, they did not wake me up as agreed and I missed my flight to Spain. No apology, no offer to pay the $100 penalty with the airlines that resulted, and no offer to give me a discount on staying at their hotel another night due to their blunder. They even acknowledged that their wake-up service had some flaw in it and was not working properly. However, they made it very clear it was my problem, not theirs. The issue of &quot;my English being different from [their] English&quot; kept coming up when I complained to management. This time, another heavily foreignly-accented individual. I have no issue with accents or foreigners. Quite the opposite. My parents are immigrants to the USA, and I have seen unjust discrimination against foreigners (including my parents) in various countries, and so I generally admire hardworking people who leave their respective countries to carve out a better future for themselves. I was also brought up speaking several languages, so I understand accents perfectly, and actually am fluent in the respective languages of these individuals who detested my &quot;inferior, different&quot; American English. Their dismissal of my being an &quot;ignorant&quot; American just appeared to be their modus operandi. Interestingly enough, there were no English natives working at this hotel at the time I stayed there. Everywhere I went in London, the English treated me royally. My unanticipated extended stay in London would not have been so bad since it is a beautiful, intriguing city, filled with lovely individuals who were more than willing to drop what they were doing to walk me to my destinations and show me around and narrate fascinating information about their historic and magnificent surroundings. Unfortunately, however, I got food poisoning from eating at the Hilton Paddington. Although I managed to get out and see some sites, I spent most of my extra day in London's public loos, regurgitating the effects of the Hilton Paddington's salmonella-spiked salmon. The next day, again their wake-up service failed, but I had called my fiancee the night before to call my room to wake me up in the early morning. After several attempts by him in which no one answered the front desk phone, finally, he got a hold of someone who connected him. It didn't matter. I had been awake all night not trusting anything that transpired in this hotel. Upon checking out, I protested several other overcharges (mini-bar, phone calls, double the price quoted for my room, inferior room to what I had been assured). When I clearly showed the errors on their part, the front desk refused to release my baggage unless I signed the credit card slip without the words I had added in of &quot;in dispute&quot;. Upon my return home, I called several times to discuss the issue with management. My phone calls were never returned. I finally just paid the bill so I wouldn't keep re-living the indignity of the manner in which I was treated at this establishment. In short, I believe that this establishment categorizes Americans, in general, as vulgar and uneducated. I don't think any American client (or other nationality, for that matter) should be treated in this demeaning manner, regardless of their education or customs. After all, they are the client. But for the record, I have 2 bachelors from Stanford University, 3 Masters, our family's friends are ambassaders so I think I have some inkling as to how to dress and comport myself in various international arenas, I speak 7 languages and I keep myself well-groomed. If they treat me in such a demeaning manner, I wonder if it could possibly be worse?I will never, never go to the Hilton Paddington again, even if it is the only available hotel in all of London. On our return trip, we were forced to stay at a 2 star hotel run by some lovely immigrants from India. Their treatment of us was far superior- they treated us as if we were their only client and their establishment and services were impeccable, at a far lower price. I regret, their not being a recognizable large chain, so I could recommend them.	
Nov 24 2004	Superb choice of a hotel with key all city connector rail lines close by.	A warm welcome is the first of many pleasant experiences. Superior attentive service, fruit in reception lobby, impeccably maintained rooms.	
Nov 12 2004	Well connected good quality London hotel	Stayed here a few times recently. Hotel was refurbished as a Hilton a few years ago so the rooms are still quite nice and new. Standard rooms are not a bad size. The executive rooms are quite a bit bigger with a couple of chairs and a walk-in shower.Nice restaurant with a simple but innovative menu - the usual slightly-pricey hotel restaurant prices. Lots of good restaurants in the surrounding area too, in all price ranges.Not a particularly central location, but good train, tube and bus connections. Service is always good - very quick check in and out.Hotel's wired internet is quite expensive, but if you're in a room on the station side, then there are quite a few wireless hotspots you can pick up.	
Oct 24 2004	A great location but watch out for the extras.	I stayed at this hotel in October 2004 whilst in London on business. The location of the hotel is perfect if you have an early departure from Heathrow. You can walk straight out of the hotel on to the concourse of Paddington rail station and catch the Heathrow Express to the airport.The hotel has a great Art Deco reception. My room was clean and spacious, though I would have preferred more substantial bedding. The service was competent. The hotel also has a gym with cardio equipment and a limited selection of resistance machines. A quick tip: If you intend to use the gym tell the receptionist when you check in. Otherwise, you'll need to go back to reception to sign a fitness readiness questionnaire and get your keycard activated for the gym.I was charged £145, plus VAT for a standard room, which given the location and facilities, is acceptable by London hotel standards. However, watch out for the extras: The hotel charges £15.50 for a continental breakfast which is simply outrageous, so I would suggest buying something at Paddington station instead. Paddington station also has an M&amp;S Food store, so you don't need to use the minibar if you want drinks/snacks in your room. I was also charged £7.00 for two brief phone calls to dial-in to my e-mails on my laptop, and there was no tariff of phone charges in the room.	
Sep 21 2004	loved this hotel	we stayed one night at the hilton paddington in a junior suite for 239 english pounds, which isn't bad considering the prices in london and were very impressed. the room was immaculate with skylights and a huge balcony with table and chairs to enjoy the lights at night. the food and service were also excellent. we would definately stay there again.	
Aug 23 2004	A Winner!	After reading about all the London Hiltons at the Hilton website, we opted for Paddington - and picked a winner. The hotel is gorgeous, the rooms are sparkling new and spacious, and the service exceptional. It's easily accessible with Paddington station right out the back door and the tube across the street. We walked to Hyde Park (twice), Harrod's, Royal Albert Hall, and the Natural History Museum. The tourist bus stop is just a block away and takes you all over town - pick up tickets at the hotel concierge desk before you head out - it's easy and cheap transportation when your feet get tired. Food at the hotel is decent, but you may have to grab a cab as the restaurant choices right outside the hotel are not all that great.	
Jul 28 2004	Enjoyed our stay at this clean hotel	We enjoyed our stay at this hotel for one night in June; we selected it because it was close to Paddington Station. We asked for a room in the new wing and got more than we expected: a large room with two queen beds, wall to wall windows, lovely big bathroom, nice coffee pot. Everything was sparkling clean, no cigarette smell. The only thing we missed was American-type outlets which are provided in some other London hotels.We got this hotel on Priceline for $110 and were very pleased. The restaurant seemed expensive, so we walked down the street to a Tasco store and got snacks for evening and breakfast.	
Apr 24 2004	Location Location Location	I travel to London frequently on business in the City, and in February, 2004, I decided to stay at the Hilton Paddington due to its proximity to the Heathrow Express. I am very glad I did. I was from airport to the hotel counter in a half hour, and vice versa. The tube stop is right accross the street. The hotel is fine. It's not The Ritz, but anyone expecting The Ritz at the Paddington Hilton needs to reevaluate anyway. Do not stay here for elegance. Do not stay here for proximity to the West End. Do stay here for convenience to and from Heathrrow.	
Mar 31 2004	Good refurbishment of historic hotel	An historic hotel ? the first of Britain's great railway hotels, rescued from years of decline a couple of years back by Hilton, and refurbished to create a very comfortable and stylish modern venue.A warm welcome ('nice to see you again', on my second visit ? so a professional IT system at play there, then!); well-designed and comfortable rooms; not the biggest you'll find, but perfectly adequate.And an excellent location at Paddington Station. Expensive standard rates, but good offers often seem to be available, especially at weekends.	
Mar 30 2004	Great Location	We stayed one night in London and wanted a quality hotel in a convenient location. Using our Hilton points to stay for free, we picked this hotel when I saw that it was linked to the airport by the Heathrow Express. It worked out great. The train took us right to the hotel and our room was average, but fine. The staff gave us access to the executive room where they served food and drinks throughout the day and provided free internet access. Couldn't have asked for more.	
Mar 19 2004	Fuggagetaboutit! The worst!!!!!	THE WORST HOTEL EVER! I stayed here twice in the course of 3 mos for 10 days each time. It had to be the worst hotel experience both for business and personal travel in my life and I travel A LOT! The entire staff is made up of trainees and my Aunt Tillie knows more about London than the entire group put together. Seems as if this is a mgmt training ground for Hilton or something, every time I asked they were evasive about it.... Don't get me started on their promised broadband high speed and wifi service. It does not exist. On the 2nd stay I specifically called to see if it was fixed yet and I was told yes. Alas, a lie.... I am not computer programmer, but I would think a business hotel would have their staff better trained on basics of technology, like whether the high speed worked yet or not. I had to show someone at the conceirge desk how to log onto the internet to get a train schedule. Amazing! Out of desperation I tried to use their wifi which only works in the very smokey hotel lobby. I was there with 2 other U.S. folks who also could not get theirs to work either. I finally gave up and got push back when I asked for the wifi card to be credited back for not being able to use it. I am not one to complain normally, but I did at this establishment and got nowhere, no one seemed to care, I got a lot of lip service and that was about that. The food is terrible and expensive. The up side is that this hotel is convenient to the Heathrow Express and trains heading out of London proper, but that is about it. For what it is worth, try the Hilton Metropole down the street, you can walk to the station from there.	
Feb 18 2004	Loved the Hilton Paddington	Moved to this hotel from Grosvenor House, Park Lane in order to be near the Heathrow link. What a wonderful difference this hotel turned out to be. It was much cheaper, modern, gleaming polished floors and very helpful hotel staff indeed. The location is superb as it is near all amenities. Our room overlooked the street but no noise pollution. Lovely beds and duvets and the bathroom was gorgeous where the shower actually worked well for hot or cold. Since it was July 2003 and a bit warm, it was lovely to just be able to take the ice bucket provided and walk down the plush corridor to get ice chips from the machine on the same floor. Would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 17 2004	The Worst service I have ever experienced	Booked this Hotel a week before Valentines day for me and my fiancee for 2 nights. Couldn't believe there was 2 single blankets on the double bed even though I had requested 1 bed for 2 people. They manager would not provide me with his surname either and insisted he had only a first name Ali. Appalling service. Bed sheets were not changed in the morning. And only changed after several complaints. The doorman finally managed to get us a Taxi and threw our suitcases into the Taxi and slammed the door. You will find this hotel has nice rooms but appalling service. We were woken at 6am by the noise of trains and trucks. Never again..This hotel is badly managed.	
Feb 11 2004	Convenient But Average Customer Service	I've been staying at this hotel 3-4 times a year for the past 2 years. The convenience to the Heathrow Express is unbeatable, but customer service is very spotty, which suggest management is not the best. Most of the staff are students learning English, while most of the housekeeping staff speak little English.If you arrive early in the morning, you are most unlikley to get a room until 2-3 PM--even as a Hilton Honors member, which detracts from the convenience of staying here when arriving into London from the US. Mind you this is the case with most of the piopular hotels in London, though not with the smaller places which might be a better bet if this is your situation.Concierge staff are especially inept in bringing luggage promptly to your room or finding your luggage if you leave it with them for a few days--I've nearly missed train connections as a result, so advise collecting your stuff well in advance of when you need it. Also, if you leave luggage for more than 3 days, they want to charge you even if you are staying several nights with them over several weeks!The rooms are nice and modern even if small, but again this is par for the course in London. Food is expensive and mediocre--but there are a lot of snack and restaurant options nearby.Getting access to the great rates this hotel often advertises (especially the winter weekend breaks)is not easy for folks who don't live in the UK, and the hotel won't volunteer these. If you book through a corporate travel service you are out of luck.I have yet to stay in a room with broadband which is strange in such a new hotel, so hooking your laptop via the telephone lines is an expensive proposition for business travelers. Unlike some London hotels that include phone charges for laptop connections if you pay a corporate rate, the Paddington Hilton doesn't give you a price break.All in all a convenient location for folks with early morning flights out, but not up to the usual Hilton standards.	
Feb 3 2004	Take me to the Hilton!	It was our second stay there and it was outstanding again. Friendly staff, great food, nice rooms...a Hilton.	
Jan 29 2004	Lovely hotel outrageously expensive breakfast	Although we onlyspent one night here, our room was large, lovely and obviously recently redone in a charming art deco style. The duvets were heaven and the large bathroom was excellently appointed, with a wonderful shower.The lobby was beautifully redone in an art deco style, as well, with a large railroad mural along one wall.My only quarrel was that breakfast was not included with the room, and cost the earth in the restaurant --31 pounds, or $57.80 for two buffet breakfasts! Yikes!A better bet would be to try some of the places inside the station or find another local spot.Across the street is the Paddington Tube station, which is on 4 Tube lines, so it's an easy shot almost anywhere in London.It would be difficult to find a more convenient spot for catching an early train to Heathrow -- there s even an elevator from the lobby directly into Paddington station! Who can beat that?	
Jan 9 2004	excellent service	I stayed in Hilton London Paddington for 2 nights on Jan 3-5. Service was excellent. Staff at the reception area were helpful. The business center provides free internet service is great, although it was out of order on the last day of my trip.When we checked out, we asked for assistance to bring the luggage downstairs. The staff actually help us to bring all luggage to Paddinton station, even unloaded to the Heathrow Express!Overall, the location of the hotel is great. 15 mins to airport is a credit. Place is clean and nice. I found that the room is quite big. Don't understand why people say the room is small...this is London!	
Jan 7 2004	wonderful experience		
Dec 18 2003	Good location but average hotel		
Nov 28 2003	Absolutely superb hotel.		
Nov 4 2003	Good Location but Average Customer Service		
Sep 10 2003 	Convenience and comfort		
Jun 2 2003	Deceptively Good Location		
May 24 2003	great location (but a iffy neighbourhood)		
Mar 4 2003	Good Road Warrior Hotel		
Feb 10 2003	Fabulous		
Dec 23 2002	Outstanding		
Oct 27 2009 	?????????		
Oct 16 2009 	Spitzenlage sehr angenehmes Hotel		
Oct 14 2009 	???????????????		
Sep 24 2009 	Buena atencion		
Sep 24 2009 	Grande y bien ubicado		
Sep 13 2009 	goed hotel		
Aug 6 2009 	bellissimo hotel		
Jul 28 2009 	Komfortables und sauberes Hotel mit bester Verkehrsanbindung		
Jul 19 2009 	happy Weekend		
Jul 16 2009 	????????		
Jul 12 2009 	??????		
Jan 27 2009 	???????		
Jan 5 2009 	???		
Jan 4 2009 	??????		
Sep 27 2008 	????????		
Sep 22 2008 	Muy comodo si tienes que viajar en tren		
Aug 22 2008 	????		
