	Nice hotel in great location	The Windermere Hotel is in a great location. Conveniently located near Victoria Station, and within walking distance to major sites (Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Parliament, etc), grocery store and coffee shop. The complimentary breakfast was good and the service overall was wonderful. The room was clean and met our needs. Would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 21 2009 	Would happily recommend this hotel	Spent two nights in this hotel while on a trip to London. I had no complaints and would recommend it to anyone. Helpful staff, nice breakfast, good location and good sized, clean rooms.	
Nov 18 2009 	A Hidden Gem Near Victoria Station	My husband and I traveled to Europe for the first time this year for anniversary. We stayed in this adorable gem of a hotel in London. Our room was small, but so sweet. It was nicely decorated and clean. We also had a nicely size bathroom and shower. Not the tiny bathroom I was expecting. My only complaint is that the extra blanket at the end of the bed was not clean. I complained to the front desk and they quickly removed it, but did not replace it with another one. I was rainy and cold when we where in London and we could have used a new one.Another perk is the cute restaurant within the hotel. The breakfast was complimentary and really nice. Each morning there was a continental breakfast spread and we were also given the option for hot breakfast items that were made to order. Just lovely.The staff was lovely. They were so helpful. And there is one computer in hotel that you can use for free. Super helpful when checking in online. I highly reccomend this quaint, little, &quot;budget friendly&quot; hotel.	
Nov 15 2009 	Nice comfotable stay	The hotel is minutes away from Victoria station and tucked away in a quiet corner. Rooms were on the small side though.	
Oct 31 2009 	A delightful hotel convenient to everything London has to offer.	We had a nice stay in September 2009. The staff was very accommodating and knowledgeable and got us tickets for several attractions. It was an easy walk to Victoria Station. It is in a quiet neighborhood. The room includes a full English breakfast. We've not stayed in a family-owned and operated hotel before. It was a very pleasant experience. We would stay at the Windermere again and would recommend it to our friends.	
Oct 18 2009 	Stay away.	So not worth it. When we first arrived they could not check us in, which was fine so we toured London when we got back to the hotel we were exhausted and wanted to get to our room to rest. The person at the front desk was very nice and guided us to what was our room in the basement. A very small and damp bedroom with enough space for double bed. A little window where you had a great view of peoples legs as they walked by your room or of the restaurant chef that would have a smoke just out side the window. We could not stand in the shower because the ceiling was too low. The hotel is old, cold and looks like something out of Dynasty circa 1985. No up-keep. I would not recommend to any of my friends.	
Oct 14 2009 	The ONLY place to stay while visiting London	I recently completed a week-long trip to London tagging along with a friend who was there on business. (Not my first visit.) The Windermere Hotel is everything I could have asked for in a city hotel: safe, quiet, convenient location; clean and comfortable room with full bath; full English breakfast included at the downstairs Pimlico Restaurant; staff and family who own the hotel were friendly, gracious, a pleasure, and helpful with any and all my requests. Had dinner one evening at the restaurant also and the food was delicious.Easy walk to Victoria Station, and safe for a single woman to walk back to alone at night. Cabs also readily available.I will definitely return to the Windermere again and again. Thank you Nick &amp; Sylvia for a most enjoyable stay in London!	
Oct 4 2009	Windermere is a gem owners are dear	My daughter and I spent three nights in this Gem. The breakfasts were great, free wifi was appreciated, staff were amazing and made any arrangements at a moments notice. Room G2 is the best with roomy two twin beds and on main floor. The location was brilliant. Our first night we walked for six hours and saw lots of the sites right over to the London Eye and even ran into a Red Fox on the streets. The coach station is five minutes and Victoria train and Tube station is ten minuite walk. The Apollo theatre with Wicked playing was 10 minutes too. This will be my stay whenever I am in London. The owners and staff are truly remarkable. Kudos!	
Aug 29 2009 	Great place to stay in London	Stayed for a week in this hotel in London and was very glad I made the choice to stay here. The staff were so great to us! They were really nice and very accommodating. I could not have asked for better staff. The room was clean, comfortable, and roomy enough. The bathroom was small, but very clean, and was big enough for what we needed to do in there. I had a very nice, very hot shower every night which was so relaxing after a long day's sightseeing. The shower was small, but very clean, so no complaints from me. The bed was comfortable. I have no idea why people have complained about noise? This was not a noisy area; in fact it was quiet. And I could barely hear anyone in other rooms. Very convenient location. I have no complaints. I would stay there again and again.	
Aug 24 2009 	Too expansive for its services	130£ per night per room it's really too much for this hotel, expecially if you are sent to one of the basement rooms which are ridiculously small and equipped with a smelly and tiny bathroom. I've asked to be moved to another room but it wasn't possible. Breakfast and free internet were ok.	
Aug 18 2009 	A great hotel with excellent restaurant	My husband and I stayed at the Windermere Hotel for five nights during the end of June. We found it to be very pleasant ,quaint and extremely clean. The staff were very helpful and accommodating. My only complaint was that we were on the top floor (which we actually requested), but it was quite a climb with heavy luggage. The worst part was it was very hot when we were there and there is no AC. We had to have the windows open at night and the street was very noisy. The other alternative was to run the fan with the windows closed, which we finally did. We loved the Pimilico Room for dinner and would recommend that you try it during your stay. The chef uses only the freshest ingredients and is willing to prepare dishes to suit your individual taste. On the whole, we would recommend this hotel mainly because of its cleanliness, friendly staff and nice restaurant.	
Aug 5 2009 	A long-time customer speaks	Over the years I have stayed at a number of different hotels in London. I have been staying at The Windermere for over 7 years. It is truly a good value for the price. The breakfast is delicious and the breakfast room is nice. The rooms go from cozy to beautiful. I have recommended the hotel to friends and our family has stayed there numerous times. Everyone has been very happy with the friendly service and safe and convenient location.As a woman who often travels for business on my own, I appreciate a hotel and staff like The Windermere. Over the years I have come to know the owners and their family. They do everything possible to make their guests comfortable and happy. I would not consider staying anywhere else in London.	
Jun 25 2009 	So cute	I loved this place. Yes, the rooms weren't huge, but big enough. We did have to walk up the stairs 5 floors at the end of the day which was exhausting. But the breakfast, which was included, was fabulous every morning, and the place was adorable. I would stay here again.	
May 30 2009 	Good for a night...	Very clean SMALL room. Paid extra for the twin room. Thought it would be larger.No Lift !!! We were on the third floor and the stairs are a problem after a long day of sightseeing.The bathroom and shower were very uncomfortable. Could not move in the shower. No hooks for cloths in the bathroom and the heated towel rack (the only place for the towels) had rust on it. The breakfast was good, but didn't like sitting in the basement.Location of hotel is on a very busy street. Very loud when trying to sleep.This was our sixth trip to London and the hotel room was by far the smallest one.Five nights were way too long at the Windermere.	
May 14 2009 	So english nice clean and confortable	I was in London with my family and we stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The room was not very big, but clean and confortable. Breakfast was perfect. Location of the hotel is excellent: 5 min walk far from Victoria station. In addition, considering the location the hotel is very cheap. We enjoyed a lot our stay in Windermere hotel!Elena, Italy	
May 7 2009 	Well-run family-owned hotel - I will be back!	Just spent 5 nights at the Windermere and highly recommend it. I especially loved having a little larger room than the standard London &quot;single&quot;, and with a comfortable double bed! This is available for a few pounds more, and definitely worth it. The room and bath were lovely, and kept spotlessly clean. Lots of pillows, and two windows in the bedroom (one in the bath) for cross ventilation. Numerous TV channels to choose from and great reception. Exceptional hot or cold breakfast included and a restaurant which served wonderful food and provided room service. I was on the top floor - stairs were daunting but good exercise,and Iiked not having anyone above me. Staff graciously helped by carrying up the luggage -and were equally as friendly and helpful with all enquiries. In short, I have been visiting London for over 30 years and will definitely be going back to the Windermere. Prices for hotels in London are very high, and often do not provide value commensurate with what you pay. The Windermere does.	
Mar 15 2009 	Decent little hotel with free Wifi	Stayed for one night on business. Near Victoria train station (10-15 minute walk), though if have luggage you'd be using taxis to and from. Room pleasant and clean. Reception staff friendly and helpful. Reasonable pub around the corner (The Clarendon). Breakfast nice, included in price, and served by friendly staff. Benefited from free WiFi Internet access - not very fast, but perfectly good for some basic browsing and dealing with emails. Not a posh hotel, but comfortable enough and perfectly suitable for a one night stop-over in London.	
Feb 26 2009 	Disappointing	I stayed for two nights in this hotel recently. It is 10 minutes walk to Victoria which is good but not great.We arrived and have pre-paid (unfortunately) our bill on a business trip. I was shown to a Lower Ground Floor room (basically a basement). It smelled of mould. Upon my request, is was relocated to another, slightly larger Lower Ground Floor unit. It was very small, the bathroom was cca 2sqm with an inner height of 1,90 (exactly my height), the shower curtains were rusty. It is a dark room also in the morning, you have a &quot;view&quot; of the shed opposite the &quot;window &quot;(cca 50 cm).credit to the staff, they tried to handle my complaint professionally, and moved me to a second floor room shown also on Tripadvisor. This was now not unacceptable, but it smelled of the cleaning agent of the loo, and tea set was very dusty.....All this for 100 GBP a night I think this was a bad deal....	
Feb 14 2009 	good location	We stayed here for 4 nights to visit the sites of London .Hotel staff were friendly and helpful which is not always the case with larger hotels.It was eay to get anywhere either on foot or by the tube .We ate each night in the hotel restaurant , the food was very good and cooked to order by the chef who was most helpful and would modify the menu to your liking. He was the barman , waiter &amp; chef and when the restaurant was busy he was rushed off his feet but the food was still excellent . The fish each day was excellent .	
Feb 2 2009 	A really charming and hospitable British hotel!	Windermere is a really warm, small British hotel, with an excellent and very friendly service. The rooms are very pretty, romantically decorated, very clean, with details that make you feel like home. The breakfast is very rich and tasty. Windermere is situated in a quiet neighbourhood but also is very close to Victoria train/underground station, and Green line coach station, so every transportation is easy. I would definetely stay there again!	
Dec 14 2008 	Lovely homely welcoming hotel with great food.	What a find! Lovely little hotel, very friendly welcome. Room was fine, bathroom had a good powerful shower. All very clean. Decided to eat in the hotel and my steak was superb, and the house wine (rioja) was very good and reasonably priced. Breakfast was a highlight - I stay in London hotels often and I'm not used to complimentary breakfasts, and when it is on offer it's usually cornflakes and muffins! I had the most delicious eggs benedict along with a well stocked buffet of fruit, pastries, cereals, cheeses, juice. Food on offer is simple, but beautifully cooked. When hearing on check out that I was going to a couple of meetings and then heading back to Victoria for the Gatwick express, the very helpful gent behind the desk offered to keep my case for me so I wouldn't have to carry it about. It's about a ten minute walk from Victoria Rail Stn, so most of London easily accessible with the Tube. It's homely rather than swish, but for this price beats the faceless chains hands down. Will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 25 2008 	Quaint Hotel Central Location	Nice family owned hotel in convenient location. Room with king size bed and large bathroom on first floor. Very quiet even though we were in a corner room. Full breakfast with great choices. Staff very efficient. Restaurant opened for dinner and food was excellent. Chief Yacine does it all from taking orders to bringing the check. He's there every night except Sunday. It was like having our own personal chief, as the dining room was never crowded. We enjoyed hearing how he immigrated to England. We'd go back in a heartbeat.	
Nov 6 2008 	Charming B	If you are looking for a small, quaint, hotel/bed &amp; breakfast, I would highly recommend the Windermere. It's located in a quiet, largely residential area which is about a 5-7 minute walk from Victoria station, which is a large terminal where you can access the Tube.The Hotel is basically a classic old house with a very charming feel. We were greeted warmly when we arrived (Phil was very nice), and you definitely notice the 'warm house' feel when you walk in. Our room (superior room) was nice and clean, with a modern bathroom.Two small caveats though: there is no elevator, so bags will have to be brought up &amp; down either yourself, or with the help of hotel staff, and the walls are thin. It's easy to hear what's going on in other rooms, so you might considering bringing earplugs if you're a sensitive sleeper. These things didn't detract from our experience though.Finally, the breakfast is included in the hotel's restaurant and is very good. You can also eat at the restaurant for other meals but that's not included. Overall a great stay, for a great price actually, and I would definitely go back.	
Sep 30 2008 	Not what I expected	The hotel was not in a very promising neighborhood, and was much more run down than I expected from the reviews or from their website. We were taken to a sad, little room at the top of the hotel, and left minutes later. It was completely unacceptable. I can not recommend this hotel.	
Sep 29 2008 	Small But Lovely	I was in London on my own--a middle-aged American woman. The Windermere was the perfect hotel for me. The room was small, but certainly adequate, and everything was clean. Victoria Station? Just a stretch of the legs. Finding a place for dinner? Just go down stairs into the hotel's little resturant and enjoy meals from fresh ingredients prepared by a fine chef. Breakfast? Not a problem. A full English breakfast in the same restaurant is included in the price of your room.I stayed at the Windermere five nights,then took a five-day trip to Ireland. The hotel kindly held my extra luggage and such while I was gone. On my return, I was assigned a different room. This one had a great big bathtub that was just right for a luxurious soak.All in all, I would highly recommend the Windermere as a clean, tidy, convenient, friendly hotel.	
Sep 28 2008 	Great location - EXCELLENT STAFF AND FOOD	This place is an excellent find in London. The staff was incredible - everyone extremely friendly and helpful. My sister and I booked this hotel based on it's location but will definitely be going back. We arrived pretty late in the evening because air traffic control problems (our flight was seriously delayed). All we wanted to do was grab a bite to eat and head to bed. When we arrived at the hotel, we saw that one must ring the bell before entering the building which was very comforting to us. Phil was there to greet us and showed us to our room. We were informed that the hotel restaurant was still open which just made our day.We've been to London many times and never once have we been impressed with the food...... until now. The food was GREAT and so was the atomosphere. Breakfast was included with our stay. That included actual breakfast items (eggs, sausage, ham, bacon, etc...) which isn't typical of hotels in London that we've stayed at. We have stayed at several 4 star hotels in London but so far, this has been the best overall - great staff, great food, great location!I definitely recommend this hotel!	
Sep 28 2008 	friendly staff	Enjoyed a very comfortable 2 night stay.Staff are friendly and helpful. particularly for a london hotel.breakfast is very good.Location is very convienent, 5 minute walk from Victoria coach station, less than 10 mins from Train station, and theatre for Billy Elliott musical.	
Sep 16 2008 	Outrageous cancellation policy	I booked 2 rooms at this hotel (based on these Tripadvisor ratings) on August 28 for our stay on October 4-5. Later that same day I learned that our flight from Winnipeg to London was not going to happen since the carrier - Zoom Airlines - had ceased operating. So within 24 hrs of my booking I canceled our rooms. While I do not dispute that at the time of booking the hotel told me they had a GBP20 per room cancellation fee, I had hoped that they would not charge that fee given these circumstances. However the hotel still felt it necessary to charge me that cancellation fee - even though I had explained why I canceled and seeing they had more than 4 weeks to re-let these rooms. I did write the hotel to voice my objection to them charging me the cancellation fee - but they elected not to respond to my e-mail. Given this total lack of compassion and customer service I can not recommend this hotel and caution anyone booking with them about their inflexible cancellation fees - which amounts to nothing less than a money grab.Alfred Jobse - Winnipeg	
Aug 30 2008 	Not the Ritzs but overall a comfortable stay!	Well overall I had a comfortable stay in the windermere, slept well and ate well.....breakfast was freshly cooked to order and was lovely!! There is a nice family feel to the hotel and was made to feel welcome.Main dislike was the size of the bathroom...TINY! The sink was in the bedroom and the bathroom was a shower cub which stepped out on to the toilet...no hooks or anything to hang clothes on so they had to be left on the floor near toilet. On a plus note the towels were lovely.As for value for money, in recently years ive stayed in much nicer hotels in a better location for a similar if not cheaper price. However, it seems London has become more expensive to stay in, so if prices continue to rise and Windermere was the most reasonable...I would return.	
Aug 6 2008 	Great location	This hotel had a great location not far from Victoria Station. The staff was very friendly and helpful with advise on where to start (in London) and how to get around. We stayed for 2 nights. Our room was on the 4th floor, I think. It was hard to tell with the crazy layout of the hotel. We had a room with a king size bed and a recently remodeled bathroom. No A/C, so it was rather warm one night, but we were able to keep the windows open. Unfotunately, we could hear neighbors which awoke us one night. Breakfast was excellent and the choices were some of the best on our trip. We would of perferred a hotel with A/C and a lift, but, this hotel was good for the price for London.	
Aug 6 2008 	Great value for money	I stayed in this hotel last June. I had a single room on the second floor. It is a small family run hotel. I have to say that for the location the hotel was extremely cheap, just 10 minutes from Victoria in a very quiet area. My room was small but adequate with a shower, no bath so this would be something to keep in mind if you are booking and want a bath. It was very clean. The breakfast was excellent. There was properly made fresh fruit salad, fresh juices and a selection of hot breakfasts including eggs benedict which you rarely see anywhere. All the staff are friendly and helpful and you get the feeling you are staying in a family home rather than one of those awful impersonal chain hotels.	
Jul 30 2008 	Ground Floor	Just a word of advise if booking a twin room. Check which room they are giving you, if it is ground floor go somewhere else.The room is akin to Harry Potter's cupboard under the stairs and has no air conditioning although the rest of the hotel feels lovely and cool. The ceiling fan didnot work and the floor fan that was brought was broken and only pointed at the floor.The ground floor windows do not lock and are so close to the street it is not feasible to leave them open. They unfortunately have the cheek to charge the full rate for this room and it certainly does not feature on their website. I'm sure the rest of the hotel is very nice but unfortunately our experience was very disappointing.	
Jul 21 2008 	Not one thing to complain about.	I had a great stay during my summer vacation and loved everything about the Windermere, from the very personalized service I received, to the delicious breakfast. I've already booked me in for next fall!	
Jul 20 2008 	Aussie Traveller!	I stayed at this hotel with my partner from the 16th July 08 to the 20th July 08. This was a great hotel with more good than bad points.The Good Things: The Location was excellent, it was in a quiet residential area (other hotels along the main strip) but it was just far enough away to not be as noisy or busy. It was also not far away from the Victoria Station which supplied both the underground and national rail services.The food was also an outstanding bonus and was included in the price (The hot and cold Breakfast that is). It was a great start to the day.The room itself had alot to offer for a hotel at the cheaper end of the scale. The room had tea and coffee making facilities, Free wi-fi internet access in the room which was excellent for organising the day's activities,a well stocked bathroom, storage and safe and a small LCD TV. Also of note was the cleanliness of the room and the efficiency and friendliness of the staff.There were a few negatives to this hotel: the location was in a quiet area, however the walls are very thin so you could hear everyone else close to your room (thanks people above who seem to party like it was 1999 at 11pm on the dot!). Also the police station was just down the road so having 6 police screaming down the road was only visually interesting! Location wise it was not far away from Victoria Station, however be aware it can be one of the more confusing stations with a lot of exits so be aware of where you need to exit from. We ended up getting a taxi for our departure to St Pancras as there was no way I was going to go up and down multiple tube stations with our luggage!As previously mentioned, the free breakfast was great, however on the morning of check out, the Cook was late, we were there at 7:35am thinking we had 25 min before the Taxi arriving, its a pity that since we were the only ones down there it still took more than 30 min to scramble some eggs?? I guess she was too busy talking with the rest of the staff-we left with only the two cold pieces of toast i buttered for breakfast.The Room was good but a little small, with a few stairs in your way if you had alot of luggage. (Be aware there is no lift). Also the bed is comfy if a little small for two people (my feet hung of the edge and i was balanced right on the edge, narrowly avoiding rolling out, the bathroom was small also so only one person at a time.Overall I would stay at this place again because it was very evenly balanced with good and bad points, budget wise also had a lot to say in my decision as well. Also you cant control factors like Train maintainence and noisy inconsiderate people.The staff were also the most friendly I have ever come across and would go out of their way to help you with booking taxis and directing us to laundromats (there's one literally around the corner which is a real bonus when travelling).I would recommend the Windermere Hotel for the best mid range hotel in London.	
Jul 12 2008	Excellent London B	We just returned from two weeks in Britain and spent seven nights at The Windermere Hotel which is very close (10 minute walk) to Victoria Station. The neighbourhood is residential and quiet but within easy walking distance of all the main attractions (20 minutes to Buckingham Palace, 30 min to Trafalgar Square, an hour to the British Museum). Our first night we walked over to the Thames and enjoyed a riverside stroll whilst looking up at Big Ben which we heard chime at 7pm. Our last morning we walked to Buckingham Palace to see the changing of the guard, then strolled through the royal parks (which are huge, safe, clean, and beautiful) on our way to catch the train to Heathrow.The Windermere Hotel is very clean, charming and cozy. We initially had a small double room with an ensuite WC with shower but when we returned to London after touring Britain we stayed in a larger superior double with ensuite WC with tub. Both rooms were lovely and made good use of space. The rooms were certainly large enough for the two of us. The Windermere Hotel is a B&amp;B and had the most amazing breakfasts. The pastries, cereals, yogurt, fruit salad and cheeses made a great beginning (or light breakfast for those preferring Continental breakfasts). The full English Breakfasts were wonderful (eggs, bacon, sausage, beans, tomato, mushrooms) and included an option of Scrambled Eggs with Smoked Salmon or Eggs Benedict. Their evening meals were also excellent and offered free room service delivery.The staff (available 24/7) are all warm, friendly, helpful and professional. Choosing to stay at The Windermere was one of the best travel decisions we have ever made and we will definitely stay there again the next time we are in London.	
Jul 7 2008 	Dissatisfied!	I stayed here on my first visit to London. The only good thing about this hotel is that the Victoria station is about less than a 10min. walk away. When I went into my room I was automaticallly turned off! It had a stale smell, musty, and the sheets where a bit stained. The bathroom was so small, and the staircase above the bathroom made it very hard to stand up completely straight. The window did NOT LOCK! We asked the front desk about this problem and all they said, &quot;Well all the ground floor windows do not lock, there is nothing we can do.&quot; Yet you can see tons of people out the window working, and can literally enter!!! Plus he wouldn't change the room because we had to wait for management. Another thing was we satyed here from Wed-Sat. We had specifically asked the front desk for a wake up call for 7am Saturday morning so we can make it to Heathrow Airport to catch our flight. Do you think they woke us up? NO!! THEY FAILED TO GIVE US OUR WAKE UP CALL! All in all we missed our flight and had to pay an extra 200pounds to fly home. I would of heard the phone ring! I heard everyone elses phones ringing the other days of my stay! The place is horrible! The website is misleading! Please don't book your stay here! Take my word for it!	
Jun 18 2008 	Great hotel in the big city	We stayed in this hotel from May 28-31 after reading the other reviews on this website. All is true, a real gem in the big city near Victoria station. We had the room on the top floor which is somewhat bigger but no elevator so a good work out with your bags.Very friendly staff and a good breakfast.	
May 8 2008	Very Nice convienent small Hotel	Stayed at this hotel for 6 days in April 2008. It is close to Victoria Station(about 6 blocks). The facility is clean,the owners are visible and very helpful. The breakfast is good. The beds were comfortable. The location is excellent with easy acess to public transportation for sightseeing at all the major tourist attractions in London. Only drawback is no lift, but we were on the second floor which was no big deal. The staff will help with luggage. Would stay there again.	
Apr 1 2008 	Excellent london hotel	London hotels (at the budget end) are usually not great, but this hotel really impressed me. It was in walking distance of victoria station ( although we got a taxi there when we arrived so we wouldnt get lost). The staff on the front desk were English and very approachable and friendly. Our room was on the ground floor and it was lovely and big with a king size double bed. Flat screen TV and fab bathroom with lovely toiletries and towels. The breakfast was nice and with free internet access in the breakfast room, it was an added bonus. We really enjoyed our stay (myself and the husband) and if I returned to london I would stay there again.	
Feb 17 2008	Friendly hotel	We were really impressed with this hotel. The staff were friendly and interested and were helpful when I rang with a query beforehand. The room was spotlessly clean and comfortable and roomy - an unexpected bonus for a family room. The bathroom was small but had towels for all of us, of a good size, loads of hot water and good quality toiletries for all four of us. I don't think you always get this in family rooms. The room was as quiet as you can expect in central London. The breakfast was also excellent and staff were happy to look after our bags for the day before we caught our train home. We will happily use this hotel again.	
Dec 24 2007 	What a friendly place!!!	A wonderful little family-run hotel, very english in decor and atmosphere, absolutely clean, surprisingly quiet and peaceful, and with a small restaurant of incredible food quality . My rather expensive malt whiskey was not charged and internet was free! I'd stay here any time rather than any of the impersonal big chain hotels. I really felt welcome and totally at home.	
Nov 1 2007 	Great Boutique hotel	My sister and I stayed at the windermere for six nights starting from 22nd of October. The location is very good. There are beautiful terrace houses near Victoria station and posh Belgravia. Its very safe to walk at night. Some people had complained about the location in their reviews, I simply can't understand this. The houses around this hotel costs in miilions of pounds. Possibly some of the most expensive real estate in the world. Victoria station and bus/coach terminal is also few minutes walk away. The hotel is very clean and well kept. You get a very homely feeling when entering the hotel. You are not another number, they actually remember your name. Phil, who is in charge of the front desk in the evenings is also very helpful. Our twin room was in level 2, only minor problem was that the hotel didn't have a lift. But for you ladies they will help you with your luggage. Room was small by nicely kept, bathroom was small but adequate. Tea and coffee making facilities in room and they will supply you with an Iron and a board if you need it. Breakfast was good and free internet facility was also a bonus. I thought this hotel was value for money. Please you need to understand that london is expensive, some people expects too much and request 5 star facilities for 3 star prices. I have travelled to London many times, I will definitely consider this hotel for future trips.	
Oct 17 2007 	Lovely long weekend at the Windermere hotel.	I have just returned from my 3 night stay at the Windermere Hotel in London. I will definitely be returning! The location is perfect, particularly when you have a busy schedule to follow in only few days. It is very close to main sights and the Victoria station and this is exactly what we needed.We found the staff to be very polite and they helped to answer all our questions.I read before on tripadvisor that the breakfast at the Windermere hotel was very good, and this was very true! We woke up everyday looking forward to our full english breakfast! The Pimlico room (the restaurant) was also excellent and useful for us when we were too tired to go out at night. We were surprised that the food was at such a high quality but reasonably priced too-everyone says London is such an expensive city but eating in meant we could keep within our budget and be well-fed at the same time!The rooms were also at a very high standard. The beds were comfortable, the bathroom was very nice and everything was very clean. Our room was also on the ground floor, but we found it to be very quiet. Overall, we highly recommend this hotel and are already planning on booking our next trip to London at the Windermere hotel. We found it to be good value for money as there was everything we needed - a comfortable and clean room, good location and service, as well as good food.	
Oct 15 2007 	disappointed! BIG TIME!	My God did i expect a little more for paying £129 per night! i could not hide my disappointment and thought of other posh hotels in the west end where service and facilities would have been much better. i cannot believe i chose this hotel, the bed was TERRIBLE and i could not sleep properly on it! i am a modest person but this was not a modest experience compared with the price i payed. NOT recommended, at all!	
Oct 9 2007 	Surprisingly Peaceful	We were in London partly to see a football match at Crystal Palace so the hotel's close proximity to Victoria rail station was appealing.Our room was clean and comfortable but quite small. It had a reliable shower and tea and coffee making facilities with a plasma screen TV. It was on the top floor up five flights of stairs. No lift!The breakfast was really good - full English with many nice extras. However, when we got down to the breakfast room at 8.30am on the Sunday all tables were taken and we had to hang about for twenty minutes - a bit of a pain.London is a city of many moods and faces and this particular corner - between Victoria and Pimlico was most peaceful and sedate. Quite a surprise. Staff at the hotel were mostly young foreigners but all pleasant, helpful and professional. We would gladly stay at The Windermere again	
Sep 17 2007 	Disappointed	Perhaps I am naive, but for what we paid, I expected quite a bit more. I will say Phil, the afternoon clerk was great, so was Carika, but after that, things were not good. The room was not very big, and a little tired. The bathroom was small with not much counter space. There was no clock or clock/radio in the room so we were unable to tell the time during the night(when I mentioned the absence of a clock in the room, the co-owner said there is a clock on the television, the problem being, the TV has to be on to see it). The breakfast room staff were pleasant, but all of the ingredients in the fruit salad tasted the same, there were no breakfast pastries or muffins, and only bananas for fresh fruit. If you take the short cut to Victoria Station, it's only ten minutes, but if you were not made aware of the short cut, it is considerably longer. The area is a melting pot of ethnic diversity, and everyone might not feel comfortable in this environment. Would I stay there again? Absolutely not.	
Sep 14 2007	Great people terrific location	I stayed for a week at the Windermere in Aug '06 based on recommendations from TripAdvisor. I was not disappointed with my choice.I stayed in the Premier Double room pictured on their website (the blue room). It was small but clean and had private bathroom, TV, etc.It was on the top floor so I had 4-5 flights of stairs to take on coming &amp; going. So if you can't do stairs don't take this room.On the good side it was very quiet because no one was in a room above me.I was in England in an unseasonable heat wave (90+ degrees) so my room on the top floor of the hotel was hot to say the least. However the lovely owners provided 2 fans to help circulate the air.But if you need air conditioning....this is not your hotel.I can't say enough about the people who run this hotel. Everyone on staff was very friendly and would chat with me as I was coming &amp; going.The breakfast (hot &amp; cold) was great and provided a great start to every day of sightseeing.I ate in the restaurant several times for dinner as I was traveling alone and preferred not to go out. One day I found a great little Italian place and bought a pizza which I couldn't finish. The restaurant stored the leftovers for me in their fridge and then I ordered my own leftover pizza and a salad &amp; soda from room service later that night. They were very accommodating in that way.The location is excellent and a nice little walk from Victoria Station. I used that station as a base for many side travels and found this hotel to be well priced, well located and providing great service.	
Aug 1 2007	Close to Victoria Station...	I really liked this hotel. The rooms were a bit small but we were only there to sleep anyways. Breakfast was exceptional and my group and I wished we had ate dinner at the hotel's restaurant. London being a big city, a lot of walking is involved to get to the tourist attractions, however, having the Victoria station so close was a big plus. The owners were nice and very helpful. The price was tough to beat as well. Would stay here again.	
Jul 10 2007 	Okay place to stay	The Windermere was a descent place to stay for 2 nights in London. We had a family room, which included three beds - 2 singles and a double. It was very crowded. The room was a bit worn and the traffic outside at night was very loud. The staff was very pleasant and the food at the restaurant was excellent. We had an early morning departure and the night staff left us some food for breakfast in the dining room - only one problem - they called us at 23:00 to ask if we wanted croissant. We had to be up at 4 am ... and they woke up the baby - we were not happy to say the least. Who on earth calls guests at 23:00?! We arrived at the Victoria Coach station and it was very confusing once on the street as to which direction to go to the hotel. It was a very long walk as well with lots of luggage. If you only have one smallish bag, no big deal. For our early morning departure we had to hire a car (regular cabs will not come that early) to get us to the Station to catch the Gatwick Express. They charged 17 pounds, which is completely outrageous for the distance, but we had to pay it, because it was too much with all the luggage and a baby.From the hotel it is a fairly easy walk to catch local buses. We had horrible experiences with the buses though - especially the 11. They kept going out of service - we finally had to take a cab.Overall, the hotel was fine. It was hard to pay over $300 a night for this hotel though. Usually you get a luxury hotel for that price and the Windermere is not a luxury hotel or at all relaxing. The restaurant was very good though.	
Jun 21 2007	Comfortable 	We stayed at the Windermere Hotel twice within three weeks at the beginning and end of a trip to Europe. We found the staff friendly and extremely accomodating, and could not fault the amenities. The location, within a pleasant 10 minutes walk to Victoria Train Station, and also the Coach Station, is fantastic.The hotel itself, while small and compact, is charming and quaint and seems typical of several others in the area. Our room on both occassions was kept extremely clean, and a couple of very minor problems were attended to promptly and cheerfully.The included breakfast was of good quality, and the dining room small but pleasant. The computer with internet access in the dining room was a welcome amenity.The only negative we encountered was the extremely creaky floors, due to the age of the building. I would definitely stay here again, requesting a room on the top floor to avoid heavy footed people above!	
Jun 19 2007	Friendly Quaint Good Food	Lovely, charming, small family-owned hotel, on a relatively quiet street in a decent neighborhood of apartments and turn-of-the-century traditional hotels like the Windermere. The breakfast included in price is ample and tasty. The below-ground-level dining room is small but genteel--plan to eat at least one dinner there; food is great. Staff are cheerful, gracious, and helpful. The room was smallish, but adequate for the four of us (including two young adult daughters); not many hotels will put four adults in a single room!. It was wonderful to have extra pillows. Of course, there is no air conditioning, but with the large window open, the fan provides reasonable enough cooling. If you are not in such good shape, ask for a first-floor room, or you'll be climbing stairs, as there is no elevator. In the dining room, a computer with internet connection is available for guests' use at no charge, and if you are a night owl, you can stay up late at night in the dining room web-surfing or watching TV without disturbing your roommates. It takes about 15 minutes to walk from the hotel to the Victoria Station, or about 10 minutes to walk over to Buckingham Palace Road and catch a bus. We stayed June 14-17, 2007. Would definitely recommend.	
Jun 7 2007	Excellent hotel with superb service and great restaurant	.....The Windermere Hotel was an excellent choice for London.....It's location makes it convenient to visitingvarious sights.....Rooms are spacious, comfortable,and exceptionally clean.....The restaurant, The PimlicoRoom, provides an outstanding full English Breakfastas well as well-prepared dinners.....The staff is veryknowledgable and can provide directions, suggestions,recommendations for varied activities.....The Windermereis a small hotel with large ideas.....My next visit toLondon will certainly include a stay at the Windermere.....Lloyd Barber.....Chicago, Illinois, USA.....	
May 4 2007 	Shady	I stayed here but found the place a bit shady. The price we agreed upon when I checked in was NOT the price that was charged to my credit card. When I got back home and realized it I called the man that runs the place directly several times to resolve the issue and he denied he had ever quoted me that price and would not resolve the issue. When I kept insisting he basically admitted he purposely decided to charge me more and told me that he would not refund my credit card. As for the room it was small and ugly. The only thing good I could say was that the food in the restaurant was good. I would never stay here or recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 4 2007 	Excellent service	The hotel was very comfortable and the staff were very friendly and welcoming. Couldn't fault the cleanliness of the room and hotel in general, it was spotless! I agree with what other people say though about how the decor could be updated and also the noise disturbed me through the night too. The floors are extremely creaky with it being an old building and I could hear every movement of the fellow guest upstairs!Overall though I would definitely recommend it to anyone needing a comfortable place to stay in the Victoria area. I would certainly stay there again.	
Mar 25 2007 	Great Place to Stay in London For Many Reasons	This hotel has so many advantages for the traveler that it makes an excellent choice for the visitor to London. My family of three stayed there for a week in March, 2007/. Like they say in real estate, Location, Location, Location. Being so close to Victoria station with its access to trains, tube, buses, and coaches makes it easy to reach all of the sights and wonders of London. We could easily walk to Victoria Station every morning and upon our return. The hotel itself is clean, neat, and well managed. The staff will go to great lenghts to make your stay a pleasant and wonderful one. Food in the resturant is very good and the breakfast, which is included in the room price, has about the best variety you could expect. Rooms are small and hallways are narrow but that's normal for European hotels. I did have a complaint upon entering my room but once I notified the management the problem was corrected immediately and not repeated. This is a sign of a concerned staff and well managed hotel. It was especially nice to come back to our room at night and enter a very clean and fresh smelling room.	
Mar 2 2007 	Super friendly staff	I've mixed feelings about this B&amp;B. The staff is really cool and friendly, which isn't too common in London. I had the largest deluxe room they have, which is of good size but is on the road side. I usually sleep well, even with some background noise but I was woken up a couple of times each night by traffic. The bed is way too soft. The bathroom is OK, but overall the whole room would need to be seriously refreshed.The price is on the high mark for a B&amp;B (you can find a number of 3* and some 4* for the same price), but the breakfast is included and quite good while limited in choice.It's a 10-15 minutes walk from Victoria.	
Dec 31 2006 	Clean Hotel and Friendly Staff	We recently stayed at this hotel in December 2006. We found the staff extremely helpful and responsive. We stayed in a Superior Double Room, which we found to be clean and large for London standards/price. The bathroom was clean and large. However, after showering the room would become damp. We were not impressed by the food at the restaurant. We found that we could find more appetizing food on our own. We enjoyed the location and found that it was easy to get to the Tube and to/from Gatwick Airport. Overall, we would recommend this hotel.	
Dec 20 2006 	Adored the Windermere	We booked a family room (for 3 adults and 1 child) in November at the Windermere hotel in London and we had a very pleasant and comfortable stay. The room was very clean, the staff were extremely friendly and the food-both breakfast (which was included in the price) and dinner in the Pimlico room- was delicious and creative. Having dinner in the hotel's restaurant is definitely a must. The room was surprisingly comfortable enough for the four of us (sparkling bathroom, cosy beds) and the free Internet in the bar area was a nice touch. The staff were very helpful in booking taxis and tour tickets for us. The location was also perfect since we were walking distance from the tourist attractions we wanted to visit- Houses of Parliament, Westminster Abbey, Buckingham Palace-as well as Harrods and the shops near Sloane square.We will definitely be staying here when we next come to London.	
Nov 26 2006 	O.K. place to stay but overpriced	The Windermere experience depends on which room you get. We had two different short stays. The first was in a double room on the top floor. It was a reasonable size for Europe. Very quiet. Nice shower. Hard to get up the stairs with our luggage, and no one offered to help. However, they did keep some luggage for us when we left for a few days. And they treated my son to breakfast one morning when he visited. The second stay was in a room below ground level, next to the dining room. Much smaller and musty. Very dark. The bathroom was tiny, a converted tub into a shower with a very mildewed shower curtain. Noisy, as we had both the noise from the street traffic and people walking by and also the bathroom (used by hotel staff, and people in the dining room) across the hall from our bedroom. We asked to change rooms, but it was full. All rooms had hairdryers, toiletries, T.V.. Free internet in dining room area.Hotel is convenient to tube, bus and train (Victoria station)- all within a few blocks. Not many restaurants in the immediate area, although a friendly and reasonably priced pub, King George's, was nearby.	
Oct 30 2006	Wonderful experience!	Took my dad on his first-ever trip to London and, on the strength of the good reviews I read here, booked us two rooms. The hotel was perfect; the rooms were small but impeccable, and Nick and Sylvia were the most gracious of hosts. Breakfast was really yummy and plentiful. The hotel is in pretty easy walking distance of Victoria Station, and the walk to St. James Park was an easy 15 minutes, so it was very convenient. My somewhat curmudgeonly father was also really impressed with the whole of the experience - no small task, believe me!!!! I will return to this little gem as soon as I can!	
Oct 24 2006 	second stay...can't wait to return	We spent 5 nights at the Windermere this trip and enjoyed our stay as much as our first in 2004. The helpful staff, the location (10 minute stroll to Victoria Rail Station) and the Pimlico Room for wonderful meals are all reasons to return over and over again. We stayed in the Cartmel Room this trip, and were very comfortable. Free wireless internet service was appreciated as well!	
Oct 2 2006 	highly sumptuous! 5*	Before we stayed in this hotel we read mixed reviews and reports of squeaky floorboards, nosiy reception phones and other minor complaints. however, i can happily say that the only compliant that i have about the windermere was that my sausage was burnt on my breakfast!!our room was lovely, windows were a bit tricky to close though. the room was light, airy and spacious and the bed and sofa comfy. the desk area and tv were superb and the bathroom was lovely. thick fluffy towels and a nice selection of toiletries.the whole hotel was sqeaky clean and comfortable. the staff were very jolly and helpful and the breakfast buffet was super!the location was perfect, however i would think that parking would be a problem.i would definately stay at this hotel again....most enjoyable	
Sep 18 2006 	Lady Windermere's Fans	Great restaurant, great location - the Windermere Hotel was perfect for us.Breakfast was a wonderful array of hot items made to order and buffet style cold items, the standouts for me being the organic yogurt and tiny glass jars of dreamy jams and marmalade. Both dinner in The Pimlico Room and Room Service were served from 5:30 to 10:30p.m. We had a lovely and nutritious dinner in the Pimlico Room each evening of our two week stay, except for one night when we had a delicious sandwich awaiting our latenight return. The dinner menu has something for everyone and Nick's wine list is very well-selected with the white Sancerre being especially attractive. For London, all the prices are most reasonable. The Soup of the Day, the Fish of the Day and the fish cakes were highlights for us.We didn't spend all our time eating. At Victoria Station, about 5 blocks away we bought weekly bus passes [13.5 pounds] with a free bus route map and a brochure of where to find the various buses around Victoria Station. Most of the ones we used also stopped at Buckingham Palace Rd. and Elizabeth St. which is only about 5 minutes away from the hotel [a few houses north on Aldernay, right onto Hugh Street, left over the Elizabeth St. Railway Bridge]. Among the handiest buses are the #11, a double decker that goes by Westminster Abbey, Parliament, Trafalger Sq., Somerset House, St. Paul's etc.; #C1 to Harrods, the Kensington Museums, Holland Park, Leighton House etc.; #C10 to Tate Britain [here you can get a boat to the Eye and Tate Modern]; and #211 to Waterloo Station. We used the underground once for Kew Gardens, only 1/2 hour from Victoria Station. Perhaps our biggest sightseeing bargain was the 6.5 pound[senior rate] round trip to Oxford on the Oxford Tube, a double decker bus that boards on Buckingham Palace Road, near the Elizabeth St. Bridge.Our room, number 32, was also excellent, many windows, spacious bathroom, and quiet. But what brought it all together were the staff, uniformly kind, competent and caring. Kudos to Sylvia and Nick Hambi, owners and managers, for choosing such interesting and accomplished staff and providing delightful accommodation - from the fine antique prints of London and environs in the public areas to the most recent computer printout of the BBC weather for London at the front desk. Thanks in large part to the Windermere, our visit to London was a joy.	
Sep 8 2006 	Fabulous breakfast!	The breakfast was fantastic and included in the room price. It is cooked to order egg dishes with a side dish. We always got the tomato or hash brown on the side. I think they also had eggs benedict on the menu. There is also a buffet with cereal, yogurt and fruit. They also bring you fresh toast and coffee or tea. Another plus was the free Internet use at the computer in the restaurant.The room was fine. The furniture seemed a bit worn, but it was comfortable enough. The bathroom was a decent size with a shower/tub.The staff was friendly. The location near Victoria Station was great.	
Aug 11 2006 	It Is What It Is	We stayed in a family room and with the windows open and a nice breeze flowing we had a good night stay. [Note: After flying all night and not sleeping on the plane I could have slept on nails] The only thing that kept me from giving it 5 stars was: the battery cover on the tv remote wouldn't stay on and the fact that 5 star reviews, I feel, are not that objective. Breakfast was very good and the coffee was the best that we had in England the whole 2 weeks we were there. I ask for cream and they had it, not knowing that the rest of England would be out of it or never heard of putting cream in the coffee. They are big on milk. The hotel is a few minutes walk from the train station and a great location to base oneself.	
Jul 31 2006 	nice stay	Nice hotel. The room served our needs nicely. The staff were helpful. The breakfast was delicious. May have been my jetlag, but the map from their web site only served to confuse.	
Jul 19 2006 	Great Restaurant Fair Room	The best part of the hotel is the restaurant. The food and room service was great, and they were able to provide breakfast for an early departure. We booked one room for two adults which was nice, and a second room for two teens that was musty. The staff was not interested or helpful in providing a different room. The weather was hot and with the windows open, the rooms were noisy. The view included several dumpsters from the apartments across the street. The furniture in the lobby was is disrepair. Unless your suitcase is small, this hotel really isn't close enough to wheel your luggage to and from Victoria Station. Taxis refused to stop on the street, apparently because they were headed to Victoria Station. The neighborhood did not seem as safe as other areas in London late at night. Overall there are better choices in location and value.	
Jun 28 2006	Highly Recommend the Windermere Hotel	We were very fortunate to have stayed at the Windermere Hotel last week--2 adults and 2 teenagers. The Windermere is one of the rare London hotels with family rooms en suite, and our room was perfect for us all: it was spotless and charming and a thoroughly welcome respite after a day of sightseeing. The bathroom was surprisingly large and well equipped with large, fluffy towels and toiletries, and the lovely draperies blocked out unnecessary light. The small bit of street noise that we did hear was all part of the London scene. The kind, polite and professional service made us feel quite at home and welcome. The restaurant and full English breakfast are not to be missed! We had assistance with our baggage, even to the point of storing the bags after we had checked out until we left for our next destination later in the day. We walked fairly easily with our roller suitcases from the Victoria Underground along Buckingham Palace Road over to nice-looking Hugh Street. If we ever have the occasion to stay in a London Hotel again, we will definitely stay at the Windermere.	
May 22 2006	Could Not Have Been Nicer!	My wife and I recently spent eight wonderful days at the Windermere Hotel. First, we liked the location. It is within easy walking distance from the Victoria Coach Station, if you happen to arrive by bus from Gatwick, and about a 15-minute walk to the Victoria Train Station. We’re closing in on 70 years old, but found it was a pleasant walk, even with our luggage in tow. We had a large, well-appointed double room with tub and shower on the lower ground floor (Rm. LG3). The room is only a few steps down the hall from the restaurant and couldn’t be more convenient and in a very quiet location. And please don’t be concerned about any noise coming from the restaurant, which is relatively small. Furthermore, the wine and spirits are located in small area having a couple high-backed stools next to a marble-topped counter near the center of the restaurant; it is very attractive and discreet. Not at all what some might think of when they read there is a bar in the cellar. We ate here often, and the food and drink were always superb.But best of all were the wonderful people that made our stay so pleasant. We were always greeted at the desk with a smile and a ‘hello’. The owners, Nick and Sylvia Hambi, made sure that the hotel was always running smoothly. Anna (and Jo) kept our room spotless. And as I write this, Nancy and I think fondly of Aki, our waitress (who can make a great Manhattan drink) and Mehdi, The Pimlico Room’s very accomplished chef. Over the past 40 years, we have stayed in many London hotels, but the Windermere has surely been the best.Pennsylvania, USA	
Apr 29 2006	What a wonderful hotel!!!	I recently had the pleasure of staying at the Windermere Hotel in London. My 7 day stay at the Windermere was a wonderful vacation. I will definitely stay again.The whole hotel is so comfortable: from the dining room chairs in the restaurant, to the lovely bed in the quiet rooms. They are certainly true to their motto; &quot;Home comforts in an elegant setting&quot;. The staff are so warm and friendly. Everybody is helpful and polite and I must say, it's so nice to be greeted every time with a smile. The complimentary breakfast and the Pimlico Room Restaurant are great. I highly recommend you have dinner in their restaurant during your stay: the quality of the food (breakfast &amp; dinner) is superb. Service (at every level of the hotel) is at a very high standard. I enjoy staying in hotels which have character... and which are, of course, clean too! The Windermere Hotel has both: the decor is warm, comfortable, clean and individual. The free wireless internet is such a bonus- a lovely surprise! Merci :-)All in all, this charming and friendly small hotel in London is a lovely place to stay and value for money. The people, the location, the hotel in general... everything is very comfortable and extrememely relaxing.The next time I'm in London....&quot;Taxi!&quot;&quot;Where to, Sir?&quot;&quot;The Windermere Hotel please!&quot;	
Apr 1 2006	Hotel Windermere Review	Stayed 3 nights at Hotel Windermere, vicinity Pimlico district, Victoria Station, London. Just returned. Bedroom and bathroom spacious, room clean, neat, sanitary, recently decorated in modern decor, functional and nice, but tasteless. (This traveler would like decor fitting to architecture surroundings. Why would a nice-looking hotel spend good money on furniture looking like bought from mass quantity 1970s motel furniture broker?) TV worked. Big plus: room came with Wi-Fi internet at no extra cost. Web site indicated not all rooms had it, but I was informed that, now, all rooms have wireless internet. It, too worked. Also free use of computer and connection located in the bar. Gripe: room uncomfortably warm on check-in (probaby between 80 and 85 degrees F) and, despite discussions with management, turning off all 3 radiators and radiators in nearby hall, and leaving windows open entire time, room stayed too warm, made somewhat comfortable only by leaving window open (which was secure due to the gap between window and sidewalk). I think room G3 must be directly over the kitchen. Felt like room had floor heat instead of radiator heat. Complaint first drew unnecessary, short lecture on operation of radiator heat, sort of in denial about the problem I suppose. Second manager receiving complaint checked and agreed there was a problem and took some measures which reduced temperature, but still had to leave windows open, making for pretty noisy night. Price: 109 pounds. Location: 10 minutes walk convenient to Victoria Station. I found the walk not unpleasant, not risky. I would walk it, even with luggage, unless you are infirm and must take cab, following the rule that not much good happens out on the streets after about 1030 p.m. anyway. In other words, the walk is through quieter, residential streets and apartments. You can walk part way through the shopping Colonnade south of Victoria Station, and can enter the south end of the station, or the mid-section without going all the way to the north end of station. Breakfast was superb and free as advertised. Restaurant located in lowest floor is open to public, sports a good menu and looked pretty good, but we did not try it out, just wanting to get out and explore. I'd try it next time. Hotel has bar too. There are stores, a few pubs, and other places to eat within a few minutes walk but this area does not abound with eateries.I'd stay again, but, considering the price and the heat, I might try somewhere else. I would specify not room G3 unless htey assure you they have the heat situation under control. Overall: good experience, clean room, good facilities, and good location.	
Mar 4 2006	Wonderful	We spent 3 wonderful days in this charming hotel. Everything was perfect. Staff were very efficient and polite. We had a Superior Double room that was roomy, had a king size bed and a good size bathroom with a very powerful shower. Towels were thick and fluffy. We had no problem with noise, we slept very well.Breakfast was excellent, an excellent cold buffet and eggs etc cooked to order (none of that pre-cooked eggs), I particularly liked my scrambled eggs with smoked salmon. Dinner was really good, all fresh ingredients and they could even accommodate my husband's gluten free diet without fuss. Location is excellent. Both Victoria and Sloane Square tube stations are within walking distance and we felt safe walking back to the hotel even at night.On arrival we were given free maps of the area and advice on where to go and what to do. They even booked us on a Hop-on Hop-off Sightseeing Tour of London which was very informative (word of caution wrap-up well - it does get very cold).I particularly liked the free use of the internet. They have a computer tucked away in a corner of their Bar/ dining room.Overall we found it to be excellent value for the price that we paid. We will be back.	
Feb 24 2006	Average	Our family of 2 adults and a teen stayed at this Hotel mid-February. We went there because of its &quot;award winning&quot; and recommendation by Frommer's. We are a bit disappointed. The place is next to a small street and close to a major street and they have &quot;no rooms away from the street&quot; I was told, so noise was a huge problem for me, especially trying to fight the jetlag. The room is small (so are the rest of London hotels it seems). The breakfast was very good, which is included. The service is lukewarm. The price may be a bargain. Victoria tube station is close enough to walk to and from, but don’t try it your first night.	
Jan 9 2006	Friendly Hotel	We spent New Years here for 2005. This is a cute hotel with a very friendly staff. Sure we had to bring out luggage up some narrow hallways and stairs, but that's part of the character of these old charming hotels.The only downfall was the person above us who never stopped walking on the creaking hardwood floors. Loved the breakfast down stairs, no way I was oversleeping for that.I would definitely stay here again. It probably wouldn't be my first choice for a week long stay, but for a couple nights, it is very nice.	
Dec 31 2005	Quite acceptable	The Windermere was our starting point and ending point for a multi-week trip through Europe. The hotel, booked over the internet was everthing we expected. Excellent choice! Central location close enough to sights and yet quiet for a restful evening.Wonderful breakfast, we did not try the resturant though. We found the Hotel Windermere to be clean, well kept with a friendly, helpful staff, especially Jo. If we ever have occasion to again have London as our starting or ending point the Windermere will be enjoyed again.	
Nov 17 2005	A Great Experience	My husband and I stayed at the Windermere for two nights in November 2005. It is a cozy and quaint little hotel. Great location if you have come to see the sights of central London. After an eight hour flight from Canada we were greeted to a warm welcome even though we arrived four hours earlier than the check in time. Our luggage was safely stored and was awaiting us in our room after returning from sightseeing and lunch.The included breakfast is excellent (NOT the usual half warm buffet stuff often included at hotels). We also enjoyed dinner each evening in the cozy Pimilico Room - great chef.We hope to make the Windermere our home away from home when again visiting London.Thanks for a wonderful stay.	
Oct 25 2005	Great Location Creaky Floors.....	We stayed at the Windermere from Saturday to Tuesday in October. The location is great... a very short walk to Victoria Station. The breakfast was great... very fresh. Here is the catch:I NEVER was able to sleep! the floors are very creaky (I swear there was a Elephant above us..... constant creaking!) the street was fairly noisy. you could hear the front door opening (and slamming). Plus, the phone at the front desk was terribly loud and annoying. in conclusion....i will NOT return to the Windermere Hotel.	
Oct 5 2005	Some good things	Since I relied on trip advisor to book the hotel, felt compelled to give you my opinion. There are some good things about this hotel, but it is a misperception to categorize it as 4-stars (unless the rooms vary widely). The location was great for public transportation and walking; the hotel was clean, the bed solid, and the staff very nice. Convenient to have breakfast there, and we had a very nice dinner there one evening. However, the rooms very small (not a problem, just would have expected a bit more for the price), and we had to walk to the top floor dragging our luggage as no one was available to help us--hard after about 15 hours of travel. Also, I can't help commenting on the fact that the cloth head boards and the bed spreads were somewhat grimmy and dirty. I can't help feeling that even in London we could had paid less for something comparable, but I was really swayed by the rating.	
Sep 23 2005 	Brilliant Hotel	I have stayed a number of times at the Windermere Hotel, my last visit was only last week. The Windermere is, for me, the perfect place to stay when in London. I am always welcomed with a smile by whoever is at the desk, whether its Jo, the receptionist, or Sylvia Hambi (the owner). I usually opt for a Large Single room that has a double bed and bathroom. I do not mind the 3rd floor because it's bright and quiet but if you have a problem with stairs tell them when booking a room because they do have rooms lower down. I always have dinner in their restaurant, but when I am tired or busy I simply ask for Room Service (excellent value and delicious). They are constantly upgrading the hotel and recently they have installed a computer downstairs for the use of all guests, and unlike other hotels I have stayed at, it is FREE WIFI. Breakfast is excellent and location is great whether you are there on business or simply to enjoy the sights of London. I will definitely be back.	
Sep 13 2005	Windermere in Sept.	My husband and I stayed at the Windermere for a week in a double room on the second floor. The room was very clean it was smaller than expected. The bed was VERY soft, and the room was hot a few nights (no air conditioning) therfore, we left the window open most of the time. It was quite expect for staff accessing a small closet outside our room at odd hours throughout our stay. The breakfast was good, and we were able to order eggs in addition to the cold breaksfast buffet. The staff in the kitchen/waitresses were very nice and service of food was very quick. The staff working on the desk were polite, however no very helpful for suggestions in the area attractions. We relied on our Frommer's book for information or we used the information booth at Victoris station. The location was great, we were able to use public transportation all week and even walk to some of the sites. Overall, the Windermere is a good value for London, however we wouldn't stay here again.	
Sep 7 2005	Fantastic place to stay	I came toWindermere Hotel in the month of August for one week with a friend. We shared a very clean and nicely furnished twin room on the first floor and it was quiet. We arrived very early so we allowed to leave our heavy bags at the hotel whilst we went out and they also offered us drinks when waiting.  The breakfast was more than we expected and the best thing is that this is included in the price. We could choose from the buffet (cereale, fruit salad, croissant, yoghurt ecc..)or order a hot breakfast (eggs, bacon, mushrooms, sausages ecc...) from the kitchen. We even had dinner three times when we were there and the food was delicious. I recommend having a drink at the bar and dining in the Pimlico Room restaurant whilst staying at here. There is even a computer that is connected to the internet downstairs, free of charge, and we found this very useful.Overall, this was a very pleasant experience since the rooms were not only clean but nicely furnished, the service was very good and the staff were very helpful. I hope to return here in some time soon!	
Aug 28 2005	good location good breakfast but room basic	The Windermere is located in an area which is ideal if you enjoy walking and want to be away from the city centre. We walked along The Kings Road and across the bridge to Battersea park. This is something that we hadn't planned and was a bonus because of the location. Breakfast was excellent and the staff were pleasant and helpful. There is someone on duty all night which was very good when I became unwell and he was both kind and helpful. However the bedroom we were in could have done with a revamp although it was clean, the stairs are very steep and there is no lift, and the public areas are cramped. The Windermere did offer value for money at London prices but I wouldn't stay there again.	
Jul 25 2005	Nice Visit	We stayed on July 19, 2005 for one night. Hotel was nice, cozy and clean. Our room was an en-suite (#36) and was very comfortable and clean. It is actually the Premier Double Room photo on their website. Nice standup shower and double bed with plenty of closet space. It was located on the 3rd floor and halls/stairs were narrow, like most properties. It was a very warm day in London, but we opened our window and it cooled down just fine. We even slept with the window closed and the fan blowing. The Windermere is located on a quiet, clean and well lit street. Only 2 blocks away are quite a number of restaurants. We recommend the &quot;Chopstix Xchange&quot; on Wilton Road. We had a super 4 course dinner. Great price!Although it is about a 10 minute walk from Victoria Station, do take a cab. It will only be about 5-7 Pounds. Well worth it. We did not do this but rolled our suitcases the several blocks..... We took a cab on the return trip. We had an early flight out of Gatwick and would miss the breakfast time which began at 7:30 AM. The hotel staff was very nice and arranged cereal, toast and jam, juice and coffee for us at 6:30 AM. Very Kind!!We did our reservations through Londontown as we found a good rate that included breakfast. I would recommend this property and would stay again.	
Jul 23 2005	Great staff and nice facilities	My mom and I stayed at the Windermere for 3 nights and had a really good experience. We flew into Gatwick so we were able to take the Gatwick Express directly into Victoria which was a quick walk to the Windermere. The staff was very helpful and were available 24 hours a day. Breakfast was included and amazing (eggs made to order!). Internet was free which was so nice. Its a good location in the Victoria area and we were able to take the underground most places (although it was difficult since we arrived on the 17th and many stations and lines are still closed). We would definitely stay there again :)	
Jul 11 2005	Windermere hotel	We stayed in a superior double room for 3 nights:- Clean, spacious (London standard) bathroom, with a standard bathtub and power shower- Reasonable size of room- Friendly staff, will try their best to fix problem, if any- Nice chef, excellent food, must try the egg benedict- Located on a quiet street and managed to get into sleep at night, even our room was on the ground floor- Even though it takes only a few minutes to walk from Victoria station to the hotel, don't walk, take a cab, if you don't want to have any unpleasant experience at night- Will consider Windermere again if we are going to london	
Jun 1 2005	Great place to stay	This hotel is less than a 10 minute walk from Victoria Station, making it very convenient for many buses and tube connections. It is also less than a five minute walk from Golden Tours, the London Gray Line partner. It is within walking distance of the Tate Britain and the Parliament area. For me another advantage is that it is less than a 10 minute walk from the Roman Cahtolic Cathedral.The hotel has its own restaurant, and, though there are many others quite near, this was great after a long day of walking and sight seeing. The menu does not change, but there are enough choices. The restaurant is also fully licensed, which means it can sell wine and liquor. Breakfast is served in the restaurant and is included in the cost of the room. There are juices, fresh fruit combinations, prunes, croissants, yogurt and cereal. Several cooked breakfasts are also available.The proprietors are very nice and very helpful. The staff consists of several personable young ladies and men. We stayed there 10 nights and, therefore, received a discount on our bill. Our room was small but there was plenty of closet space and drawer space and a very nice full bath with great thick, large white towels!The only drawback might be that the hotel lacks an elevator and covers several floors. However, we had requested a ground floor or first floor room, and did have one on the ground floor. There is some noise from traffic, but not enough to be bothersome with the windows open. I will definitely plan to stay here again if I am able to return to London	
May 30 2005	Loved the Windermere	I have just spent 3 days at The Windermere and its the best place Ive stayed in. The location was central with easy access to all the main attractions.My room was great being spotlessly clean and serviced every day. I particularly liked their big fluffy towels and facecloths were provided.Their food operation was unbelievable. The quality and service was comparable to Restaurants where I have paid 2 or 3 times as much.This is really a little gem of a Hotel! I really recommend that you try the food in the Pimlico Room Restaurant.This is the first Hotel that I have stayed in where there is high speed wireless internet access free for all guests. (Also a fixed terminal if you dont have a laptop) Such a homey place. I definitely recommend it.	
Apr 24 2005	Clean and Excellent Location	While in London, England, we stayed at the Windermere Hotel for three nights, from April 14-16, 2005. This hotel is a 10-minute walk from Victoria Station; however we took a taxi to and from Victoria Station (for about $3.50 USA), as we had lots of luggage to carry. Our room was small, but very clean. Rooms are equipped with TV, coffee maker, and blow dryer. We stayed on the third floor, so we got lots of exercise climbing stairs (there are no lifts/elevators). Our room was on the street side, so there was noise of traffic until around midnight; however, beds were clean and comfortable and we had no trouble sleeping. A wonderful breakfast was included each morning -- you can order eggs any way you like them. Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. We were a 5-minute walk to Victoria Coach, where we caught our bus each morning for sight-seeing tours -- so this was a great location. We loved it.	
Apr 8 2005	Loved the Windermere	I know I was there some time ago, however my stay for 6 nights was wonderful. We had a twin bed room with a shower that was clean and we didn't think it was all that small for London hotels. The breakfast included with the room was wonderful and we also ate there one evening and the food was excellent. They also provided room service one evening when we were exhausted from sightseeing. The staff was friendly and very accomodating. I would definitely stay there again and would recommend to my friends. We found the neighborhood quite nice and the walk to Victoria Station pleasant. The only thing I would recommend when giving directions is to let everytone know to go out the back of the station to avoid the long walk around from the front.	
Apr 4 2005	Nice location	We spent one night at the Windemere before flying back to the States on April 1st, 2005. Was in a good location just a walk away from Victoria Underground station and we were in the middle of London in 10 mins. Nice size room for London and nice shower although water pressure was low. Good english breakfast was included in room rate. would definitely reccomend.	
Mar 22 2005	Love this place!	I first stayed at the Windermere in 2000 with my daughter. The staff were amazing! Very friendly and helpful - the chef even made us Cornish Pasties to order! I stayed again in February 2005. I was a little worried in case it wasn't as good as I remembered it. No need to worry, it was just as good, and just as friendly! The staff even remembered me from my visit 5 years previous. My second visit with my friend from the U.S. was fantastic. Clean accommodation, superb breakfasts to start the day, excellent evening meals in the restaurant, and professional service. A close walk to Victoria station and Buckingham Palace. Very good value for the price and location. I will definitely be back.	
Jan 4 2005	Great place to stay!!!	My wife and I recently stayed 3 nights at the Windermere and really enjoyed our visit. Our room was very clean and comfortable. Our room had a bathroom which was small but very modern. The nearest tube station is at Victoria and it takes between 10-15 minutes to walk there. A previous reviewer noted that the area can be unsafe at times but we didn't notice anything out of the ordinary. Overall, an excellent stay and we highly recommend it!	
Dec 21 2004	A Great Place To Stay Just Like Home	A great location and a clean hotel. The owners are great and keep the hotel cozy and clean. The breakfast are very good and the dinners are good and the value is excellent for the price. The dinner menu is very good and the food is excellent. The knowledge of the owners and their staff is fanstitic. The location is excellent close to underground stations and tourist attraction. The staff and owners make you feel like you are home. Have stayed there 16 times and would not stay anywhere else.	
Dec 12 2004	Very Solid	We live in England but are from the States. Recently we spent a night at the Windermere while visiting London. I have travelled alot both in the States and overseas. This hotel, for the price, is one of the best I have stayed in. If you are travelling outside the States for the first time remember that hotels in England are not like those in the US. By those measurements this is more like a bed and breakfast. Having said that it's comfortable, a fairly convenient location, clean, and includes a continental or hot breakfast with the room.Some details. First location. The hotel is located behind Victoria train station. That's great if you are coming from Gatwick since the Gatwick trains arrive there. But plan on catching a cab to the hotel if you haver bags. The walk to the hotel is ten minutes without bags, fifteen with. Also, the area is marginal for safety. If you are traveling alone, with bags, etc. be smart and take a cab. The closest tube (subway) stop is at Victoria. So plan a cab when you are coming back from shopping and the like. It's 3-4 pounds one way.The hotel is a boutique hotel. There's only one or two rooms per floor. Make sure you don't get one of the basement rooms; I would think they would be dark. The rooms are about three-quarters the size of a standard US room but comfortable. Non-smoking rooms really smell clean (this can be a problem with the older, smaller hotels in Europe). The bathrooms are for one preson at a time, but are clean and adequately equipped/stocked. Beds were comfortable. Pillows were feather. I didn't see individual heating controls, but I didn't look hard either.The hotel offers a complimentary breakfast with the room rental. There are croissants, toast, juice, coffee, etc. There's also a no-charge option for scrambled eggs, eggs benedict, and a bacon and eggs b'fast. It's good and hot. Even on Sunday morning when they were very busy the service was good and the meals hot.The staff is very freindly and service was excellent. It may seem like a lot to pay for a smaller hotel in London, but as things stand these days, it's a bargain.	
Nov 12 2004	Excellent hotel	The hotel is in a good location (5 minutes to Victoria Station) and it an excellent value.The room was very nice. The bathroom was a bit cramped, but no worse than most in London.The staff was very friendly and helpful.Full English breakfast is included and it was excellent.Very friendly staff for the hotel and the breakfast room.This hotel has been a friend's favourite for years. Talking with some of the other guests, many are repeat visitors for many years. We'll be staying here on our next London trip.	
Aug 22 2004	Windermere Great!	I had a wonderful stay at the Windermere Hotel in July of 2004. I stayed there two different days, at the beginning and end of my trip to England. The first night I had a single room with shared bathroom and the facilities were fine. Upon checking in on the last night of my stay in England, I was upgraded to a single ensuite room at no extra cost, plus I lucked into my room being ready early so that I could luxuriate in a private bathroom after 3 weeks of dormitory living. The breakfast included with the price was good, and the hotel was about a 15 minute leisurely stroll from Victoria Station. The staff were gracious and friendly and I will definitely stay there again the next time I am in England. I really appreciated the staff remembering me on my second stay from my earlier stay.	
Jul 23 2004	The Windermere was great!	Our family of four (adult sized) stayed at the Windermere for a week in early July 2004. Positive reviews from TripAdvisor were a big factor in our choice, and they were accurate. We stayed in one of the &quot;family&quot; rooms, and a friend living near London warned that it would be smaller than we might expect, but we found it roomy enough despite our four giant suitcases. We emptied one into the built-in wardrobe and put it under the bed. (Actually, we used it for hauling laundry to and from the nearby Lauderette.) The room had a double and two twin beds, very comfy, and a good bath/shower.The food was really good in the basement restaurant. (In this neighborhood, all of the basements have outside entrances and windows, so don't be put off.) We had dinner there one night, and breakfast every day (part of the rate.) Superb.The owners and staff (young people from all over - we noted an Australian, a Parisienne, and a Russian) were very helpful and knowledgeable. Victoria Station is a 5-10 minute walk, and there are at least 3 pubs nearby. The hotel itself, at 150 years old, has some quirks as one would expect (no lift) but it is noticeably well-kept. We would stay again.	
Jul 8 2004	Windermere - a Quaint London Experience	My husband and I recently stayed at the Windermere during our first ever trip to London. We thought the room was quite small, but from what I read that is expected in London. We had a double with a private bath and it was clean and very quiet. The people at the front office were very nice and helpful. The breakfast that is included, downstairs in the restaurant, is quite good and gave us a nice start to our day. As a warning, the hotel is a bit further from Victoria station than we realized from the map on the website. Carrying all our luggage there was a bit of a struggle at the end of a long day. Our only real complaint is that there was apparently no air conditioning and no fan availible to help blow in the colder evening air. Overall though, a nice place to stay.	
Jul 2 2004	Good value!!	My son and I stayed here in mid-June and were pleasantly surprised. The neighborhood is very peaceful, yet quite close to Victoria Station. The room was quite serviceable and spotlessly clean. I was initially concerned that sleep would be a problem due to the fact that we were on the same level as the restaurant (I'm also a very light sleeper). Luckily, there was a fan in the room that provided just enough white noise for a wonderful night's sleep. The restaurant, incidentally, is very good. We had a very satisfying early dinner and the breakfast, included in our room rate, was excellent. I would definitely recommend the Windermere to those who don't want to spend $500 a night, but want a comfortable, relaxing, friendly place to stay.	
Apr 29 2004	Very pleasant stay at the Windemere	We stayed at the Windemere sometime in 2000 when we lived in New Jersey, and we had a great experience. My husband and I had an attractive room with a with a double bed in a quirkily shaped room with lots of windows and our traveling companions had a lovely room with two twin beds decorated with yellow floral curtains and bedspreads. The bathrooms in the rooms (We had ensuite rooms) were very clean with showers, sinks, and toilets. ) (We did choose rooms called superior or something like that when booking.) The rooms (and especially bathrooms) are not large by American standards, but if you've been to Europe before, you'll recognize that the size is the norm for London. We would stay there again and I am online because we are going to England this spring and I'm thinking of booking there a second time.	
Apr 9 2004	Not a good value for the price		
Apr 8 2004	No Problems at Windemere		
Apr 5 2004	Winder-crap		
Mar 7 2004	Will be back		
Mar 4 2004	Failed to meet expectations		
Feb 25 2004	Excellent Service		
Jan 9 2004	Couldn't agree more!		
Nov 8 2003	Fantastic		
Aug 19 2003	A Gem		
Apr 25 2009 	Parfait !		
Dec 20 2008 	No está mal para ir en verano		
Dec 19 2008 	Non avere pensieri: pratico pulito servizi ok		
Jun 4 2008 	Charmant mais bruyant		
Nov 5 2007	ottimo alloggio		
