Nov 10 2009 	Continues to be a satisfactory experience.	We have stayed here three times in the past four years and continue to find the excellent location and satisfactory amenities suitable to our needs. The hotel is modest but comfortable. When we checked in, we did find our reserved room to be very small so we negotiated an upgrade. Manager Joanna and her staff (Fernando and Eddie) were overly accommodating.The continental breakfast selection includes croissants, fruit, cereal, yogurt, cheese, coldcuts, plus toast, coffee and tea. Many breakfast rooms in the UK are downstairs like this one. The beds and linens were terrific. Coffee and tea were in the room plus cookies or biscuits as a snack. There is free internet access in the cozy bar off the lobby.For our needs, there is no better location than the Paddington area and this hotel is one we will return to.	
Nov 6 2009 	Definetly stay again	Stayed 4 nights, with mum and daughter. Only fault, booked a suite and was given a triple room. Was told by reception no suites availiable and would speak to the manager but never heard anything.The room itself was very clean with towels changed daily.Complimentary shampoo body lotion and shower gel were replaced when used.Room quite small with one bed outside bathroom door,only used as base so big enough.The staff were really nice and always spoke.The breakfast was very nice with a choice of english breakfast to continental. Hotel was in a lovely area and in excellent position for sightseeing with tube and buses minutes away.	
Oct 15 2009 	A nice hotel in Paddington	+ Twin-room was a very comfortable+ Staff was helpful and nice (Joanna and Fernando)+ Breakfast was very good, service too  (even though sometimes we had to wait for our turn)+ Very good location+ I could visit here again- You can hear everything through the walls (from the other rooms)- Lift didn't go to the 5th floor all the time (was broken)- Not 4-star hotel in Finnish standard	
Oct 13 2009 	Terrible. Believe these reviews 	Arrived from Heathrow into Paddington and the hotel was just 5 mins from the station, which was good. Got in and the family room we'd booked wasn't ready. Went for a coffee and came back when it was. The lift was broken so we had to take the stairs with our cases and no offer of assistance. The room had been advertised as a 'family' room, but had 3 single beds in it and no space around them. It was cramped, cold &amp; damp.There was a TV and tea/coffee making facilities with a hairdryer and plenty bottles of shampoo etc, but that's where the happieness ended.The bathroom window was rotten though and the handle had come off, so it didn't close. Other guests in other room could see into the bathroom through the net curtain when you were in. The shower didn't work (the hot tap just spun round &amp; round without doing anything) so I had a bath instead, where the tap-head came off in my hand and I had to use a towel for grip, to wrench both taps off again. I went to press my trousers and the trouserpress came off the wall. Luckily, were were heading out to see a show etc and didn't return until later on. Breakfast in the morning £10 each - was disgusting. Link-sausages (the type you get in huge bags out of freezer stores) were tasteless, as was the scrambled egg. There were only 2 cereals and some yoghurt. It was all served in a cramped basement room with no windows. None of the staff were from the UK &amp; some had considerable language issues. When we went to collect our bags from reception (we'd left them after checking out) to go for the train, they couldn't find them and I was told &quot;you'll just have to wait until my colleague gets back&quot;.One night at this hotel, including the breakfast, cost us £199. It's meant to be 4-stars, but I've stayed in far better B&amp;Bs. It's disgusting, disgraceful and an embarrasment to all the proper 4-star hotels out there. I'll never stay here again.	
Oct 7 2009 	very small hotel. good location to paddington	beware very small..no air conditioning plus lift always breaking down..big hike from breakfast room up to bedroom..pleasant stay but expensive for family room.	
Oct 6 2009 	Cheap but not Cheerful !!!!......	We stayed here on the weekend 18 / 19 / 20th of September, and it was the third time we have stayed here, and I must say, each visit has got worse, but that is nothing to do with the staff, who are always helpful, and eager to please. The Hotel may have got new owners, and this shows, with the lack of facilities in the rooms all round. It's very convenient to Paddington Station, but overall we have seen a massive decline in the Hotel in the last few Months. We will not be going back there, and would NOT advise any of our friends either....	
Oct 1 2009 	Would stay again.	On our first trip to London we were recommended this Hotel and we weren't disapointed.Great location close to Paddington station,Hyde park,Pubs and Restaurants.The room was comfortable,standard small size so what! you are only in it to sleep and shower,staff friendly,very good breakfast with a good variety of hot and cold foods.My advice to travellers is go with an open mind and enjoy your holiday don,t always look for faults!This is a very good hotel for first timers to London.	
Sep 22 2009 	Hotel rooms are tiny with poor facilities with awful breakfast	The location of the hotel is great. It literally is only a 5 minute walk from the Praed Street entrance to Paddington station. This is the only redeeming point of the hotel though. The rooms are tiny. The room is about twice the size of a double bed. The bed was pushed against the wall so one person has to climb over the other if they need to get out. The bathroom sink wouldn't drain. The shower head leaked. The bath was full of suds due to the shower head leaking and the bath not being cleaned properly by the hotel staff.The breakfast room is small and there was a long queue. The breakfast buffet looks nice but the quality of the food wasn't great e.g. the croissants were stale and hard enough to hammer nails with. The breakfast room is also extremely noisy. The staff are constantly banging plates and cutlery so you cannot relax. Maybe it was because of the queue but I felt like was being made rush my breakfast so the table could be turned around.This is certainly not a 4 star hotel. It's a 3 star at a push.	
Sep 18 2009 	It's Ok !!!	This stay is for our aniiversary and my birthday celebration. Let me start with positive:Service is great; staffs are friendly and helpful. Took our luggage into safety when we cannot check-in yet; we arrived from US too early. Location is great; train station is just around the corner.Not so positive:Rooms are small; what do you expect in London? Clean enough. If you are going to use this hotel just to sleep at night, then this is for you. We spent most of our time being away and on our feet anyway. I must admit I can use an air condition but it's our fault we did not realize there is no air condition on this hotel. We have to open the window at night and it's creating disturbing sound due to the wind outside. But since we are always tired because of all day sightseeing, it did not bother us that much. Oh by the way they change towels every day, re-fill shampoo but NO hair conditioner and no hand towel either!!! Bring your own if you will use this hotel.For honeymooners this is not for you.	
Sep 12 2009 	Would not stay here again.	This was my husband and I's first trip to London, and we had heard the hotel rooms would be small, but this was ridiculous. I would never call this a 4-star hotel. The rooms were so tiny, only one person could walk between the bed and the wall at the same time. And the bed was up against the other wall, so there was no passing at all on that side! No air conditioning; only a fan. The desk staff was rude. The only good things I have to say about it was the breakfast was good, the breakfast wait staff was excellent, and the location was good as it's close to Paddington Station and the Underground. Just don't expect much from the hotel itself.	
Sep 9 2009 	The absolutely worst experience of my life	I promise you one thing - if you wish to get bitten by bed bugs, be snubbed by rude receptionists and want to stay in a tiny cubicle, choose this hotel. This was the worst, by far, the nastiest place I have stayed in my life. The rooms are outright disgusting. The hotel has found a rather ingenious way to cheat you - they give you the keys of a &quot;double room&quot; and then when you see the room, you realize that actually this is a single room with no space (two pillows on the bed to prove its a double room). Then you go back to the reception and they charge you 50 pounds more per night to &quot;upgrade&quot; to another room.I am sorry to say but this hotel is run by Pakistani immigrants who will do anything to put an extra few pounds in their pockets. This was apparent from our stay.Really take my advice and stay away from this hell hole. You will ruin your holiday or work trip.	
Sep 3 2009 	I want to thank this hotel for making our stay pleasant	HiI was really worried about going to this hotel after reading the views, but i have to say, it surprised me, how well everything went. Rooms are clean, shower is great, breakfast is filling, rooms are quiet and so dark at night ( think a great positive), maid service perfect, and handy for paddington station. we stayed in a triple room.It depends what you are looking for in a hotel, if it is romance, views and exceptionally large rooms, you probably wont find it in this hotel....you want to be looking to pay a lot more if that is what you are after.I had an enjoyable stay here and would recommendThanks	
Aug 23 2009 	Awful Hotel you never meet	So surprise it is a 4 star hotel. Obviously it doesnt worth.I booked a upper floor twin room from travel agent but the staff only offer me the top floor! It doesnt matter if the room on top floor is as normal as the others, however, it doesnt. we were shocked that the room on top floor only has one small window, u can see nothing except the sky and cloud, it feel like u are staying in jail and looking up from the window! And there is not air condition in the room, so it is extremely hot and suffocated!! the room was unacceptably small, after u put down ur luggages, all u can do is sitting on ur bed since there is no room for u to move!! The toilet is another disaster!! It is stinking! u have to keep the toilet door shut and u dont even want to walk inside! And the worst thing is it has no bath only shower u can have. and the floor in the room especially near the entrance is rugged, u have to keep aware of ur steps every time as u step in the room. Fortunately, after an insisting fight, the Manager agree to change the room for us in other hotel cos it was fully booked. At last the disturbance was quelled. Quality Crown Hotel Hyde Park really disappoints me, never consider to stay in!!!	
Aug 20 2009 	An enjoyable trip	A recent widower, visiting England for the first time. My room was small but quite comfortable. Besides, how much room do I need to sleep in and store my clothes while I'm sightseeing? The only problem (and a small one it is) was that the new sink stuck out so far from the wall that I had to wear my glasses to shave. My room was always neat and clean, everything worked, and I was quite confortable.The staff were fantastic. I was always greeted with a smile and a &quot;Good morning, sir.&quot; Joanna, the day concierge, spent a lot of effort in straightening out some problems with my tour reservations and some other administrative maters. Eddie, Lucas and Linas (bar tender and porters) were extremely attentive to my needs and helped me find good restaurants and things to see and do. The evening concierge, Sheena was a delight to talk to and was also helpful in finding places to eat. I had the full English breakfast twice there in my 8 days, but that was because I had to walk aaround so much and it's hard to do when you're that full. I especially loved the cumberland sausage and the bacon. All in all it was quite an enjoyable stay made more so by a friendly, competent staff.	
Aug 17 2009 	we are very gklad that we choose your hotel!!!	hello' our names is shani and itay.we stay in your hotel a nine days ago from 31 july to 9 augost. we want to say that our deal was very to be paid. we were very enthused from your service customers. your workers are very dedicate to work and very diligents. especially sheena and edi that help us from their bottom of one's heart in every problem and in every desire that we had.our words cant describe how glad and tanksfull are we!!!and when we will come back to london hope that it will be soon certainty we will stay in your hotel and we will recommend to our familiar to stay in your hotel.one thing you need to improve is to install an air conditioner we very suffered from the heat.keep your quality.see ya soonshani ans itay	
Aug 17 2009	Disgusting accommodation and service	This hotel is not as described and looks nothing like the photos. The staff were rude and unhelpful. The 3 rooms I booked were not triples but a mixture of 1 triple 1 double and a quad. We were not even placed close to each other but in completely different buildings. The sofa bed was broken and being 5 months pregnant was the worst night of my life. The pillows were yellow and dirty and the matress was this and poor. I was offered an alterntive room the next day after complaining but this was in a different building again and on the 7th floor which had no lift!! Overall shocking experience and would never go back !!! Plus each time I went to the office there were at least two other people there complaining !!!!	
Aug 9 2009 	Definitly not a 4-Star Hotel but good location	Though we were staying in the 4th floor, executive one, the room was relatively small, plus the room needs reimbursements, the sofa’s cloth was old and not clean. No air-conditioning, so hot during day and while opening window during night, the windows kept rattling! In addition, the lift went out of order every couple of days, so we had to bring up &amp; down my daughter’s stroller, which is not umbrella type by the way, in addition to shopping bags!!!We had a daily issue with the room door access card, we had to go down and re-program it on almost daily basis.The hotel corridor was quite narrow and I found it hard to let the stroller in the room (small door opening due to having furniture piece behind door).We had a problem of miscommunication between the reception and breakfast restaurant staff, we upgraded our breakfast to Continental (hot) one instead of English (cold) breakfast, however,one of the restaurant staff kept asking us almost each day of our stay (12 days!) that we are not entitled to have continental one, which was rather annoying! The good thing about hotel is its location, near Paddington station, underground and bus station in addition to having free wi-fi internet access within our package.	
Jul 28 2009 	How this hotel is rated as 4 star is beyond me!	This hotel is in a good location, however, the rooms are shockers and in need of a refurbishment. No airconditioning and just plain grotty.We booked in twice, however, the second time after arriving from Rome was told that our booking had been cancelled. The Front Desk Manager, Cosmin, was appalling. He was rude and aggressive and totally unhelpful and did every thing possible to make a difficult situation worse.Not wanting to hunt around for another room on a Saturday afternnon I tried to book a room for two days. His response was to offer me the worst room in the hotel at the highest possible price - $328 per night, no breakfast. This was the worse experience I have ever had with a hotel staff member in thirty years of travelling.I finally gave up with him and went to a local internet cafe and found that rooms at the price he was quoting were $100 a night cheaper through a last minute type booking. So much for customer service!!I found a nearby hotel at a much cheaper price and with way better facilities and super friendly and helpful staff - Crowne Plaza - Paddington.I have no idea who ranked this hotel as 4 star as it is clearly not - probabbly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.	
Jul 22 2009 	Worst hotel ever	Stay aware from this one! It's quite possibly the worst place I've ever stayed. I was in room 402. I couldn't breathe, couldn't open the window, was hot (no, the heater wasn't on) and the stench coming from the bathroom was making me sick. The amenities were dirty - even the plastic cups were wet (inside the plastic bag!!!). When I asked to change rooms, the guy at reception said &quot;all rooms the same, what do you want me to do about it&quot;. Staff never smiled once. Never again.	
Jul 4 2009 	Lovely hotel ideally situated and pleasant service	Stayed at this hotel for one night as was going to Hyde Park for a concert. Ideally situated 2-3 walk from Paddington Station and only 5-8 mins walk (at the most) to Hyde Park. we booked a Club Double (non refundable room) so also got a discount for booking 14 days prior to arrival as well. We had room 601 which was on the ground floor with aspect over Talbot Square and it's little park area which was very delightful, this room also had a four poster bed which we were not expecting, it was a good size with all the ameneties you would expect. The reception staff were helpful, cheery and polite. The breakfast (which was advertised as free - as so many hotels in London now charge extra) was great, again good service from the staff - the restaurant was a little small and it was full on arrival for breakfast, but we only waiting 5-8 mins (max) for a table to become avaiable, we just sat in the little lobby and had a orange juice.Overall a good hotel, which I would recomend to all.	
Jun 24 2009 	Good standard of hotel and excellent value for money	I stayed at this Quality hotel during a sightseeing trip to London.The location is very good with easy access to the main Paddington train station and underground stations.The hotel is of a high standard and rooms very fresh and comfortable and could not fault them in any way.The only problem i encountered was the windows rattled all night long during bad weather!!	
Jun 19 2009 	Ok Hotel but not 4 stars - tough to park	Spent 3 nights in a triple room on the lower level. No air conditioning and no breeze. Room was quite small. Rented a car on the last day and found very limited parking on the street. Hotel is north of the arch and not too convenient. A walk of about 3/4 miles will take you to where the tour buses pickup at the arch. Price was reasonable given how expensive London hotels are. Other hotels such as Marriott are more convenient but cost more. Hotel appears much larger in photos.	
Jun 11 2009 	Quality Service Great Location Reasonable Price	This hotel is conveniently located near Paddington Station, so getting around London was easy. Very clean, extremely comfortable beds, lovely chocolates on the pillows and yummy biscuits to go with your tea or coffee (instant), fresh milk provided. The staff is friendly, courteous and helpful at all times. Right outside the lobby is a pretty little park (Talbot Square). The full English breakfast was substantial and tasty and the service attentive. Americans - yes the rooms are small, it is London, please expect accomodations to be smaller than U.S. Hotels.	
Jun 7 2009 	Exceedingly pleasant stay	Spent Memorial Day week at the QC Hyde Park - cheerful and helpful receptionist which was quite nice after trans atlantic flight. Great location on quieter street by Hyde Park (very nice after a long day roaming the city). Yes, room was small but just me in it! Housekeeping exceptional both bathroom and room (so nice to come back to a spotless room). Location - have stayed in various London locations and I really enjoy the proximity to Hyde Park - and the quiet, hotel lined street (another plus - a little garden across from the hotel). Check out - again a wonderfully pleasant receptionist (kudos to the staff at QC for exuding helpfulness). Perfect place for a quick getaway - if you're not looking to stay at top digs then QCHP is your place!	
Jun 6 2009 	Clean cheap and cheery	My husband &amp; I booked this hotel as we had booked to see a show and we stayed 2 nights. We found our hotel room to be spotless with everything you could need from a hairdryer to iron &amp; board, even though there was a trousers press also. The room was cleaned each day with fresh towels. The staff were so helpful and friendly and we enjoyed having a drink in the bar after the show. We walked through Hyde Park and were only a few minutes walk from Oxford Street where the shopping was great. We opted to pay the extra for the full english breakfast and could'nt fault it in any way. We will definitely go back the the Crown Hotel and next time bring our family with us. Thank you to your staff for presenting you hotel in such a lovely way.	
Jun 3 2009 	Small but nice	The hotel is a nice location, free wi fi, clean rooms, and decent breakfast (yogurt, cereal, fruit, and juices were free). Just be prepared that the rooms are smaller than what you would expect in the US. Also, you may want to pack a wash cloth. Most hotels in Europe only give you hand towels.-Dallas, TX	
Jun 2 2009 	Hidden Gem	My husband and I stayed here for seven nights in a Four Poster room. This room was big by european standards and lots of room to spread out. The bathroom was modern with a full size bath. The hotel overlooks the Talbot square off Sussex Avenue so is very quiet. It is a three minute walk to paddington station and major bus lines. We booked directly with the hotel which also included complimentary breakfast and WiFi internet connection. The buffet breakfast was great with good choices. Staff throughout were very friendly and helpful. Would certainly recommend this hotel as a good base for visiting London.	
Jun 2 2009 	Lovely Location and very friendly staff	Recently stayed at Quality Crown Hotel and throughly enjoyed our stay. The weather was good, sun was shining and hotel location was great. We had a room with Garden view which was very pleasant. The room size was ok, not very large and not very small, but it is expected in London. Breakfast was very nice, although waitress could do more with a bit more smile. Manager Sied was very friendly and professional. he gave us good advise on visiting London attractions. In fact we found all reception staff very friendly. Only shame is that hotel is not air conditioned.	
May 30 2009 	Great location but not a four-star hotel!!	We stayed at this hotel for four nights in April after having booked it over the internet some months before. When we got to our room we were shocked at how small the room was and also at how small the bed was - more like a king-single than a double! The fact that only one person could actually get in and out of one side was unbelievable. Surely a bed being pushed up against a wall wouldn't qualify any hotel with four stars. The room was also very warm and we had the window open day and night for our entire stay.We also had the unfortunate experience of the lift breaking down two days before we left the hotel (we were on the third floor) with no end in sight as to when it was to be repaired. Not an easy task dragging two very large suitcases down all those stairs - we can only be grateful we didn't have to take them up in the first place.On a more positive note we were very happy with the location and the breakfasts were great.	
May 14 2009 	Much better than I expected	This hotel is very well located. The tube and a lot of restaurants are near and open all night. When I read the reviews about this hotel I was a little afraid. But the hotel is very nice and the room's size is ok for 3 people like us. We made the reservation some time before our arrivel so we had free internet and breakfast.	
May 6 2009 	Great Location clean comfortable room made our stay in london special	We had a lovely break and found the hotel just what we wanted with excellent breakfasts, convenient for buses and tubes, and the staff extremely helpful. We had an early check-in which was much appreciated and attention to detail really impressed us. Our triple room was on the third floor, very comfortable and clean. Free WiFi, lots of free television channels, nice bar to relax and a garden view from the hotel window. Location great, just 2 minutes from Paddington Station and Big Bus tours. Staff very friendly and kind. I will definitely stay in this hotel when in London.	
Apr 23 2009 	Not 4 star-not even close	We booked well in advance-In Nov for our stay in April- and we booked a club twin and a club triple--the twin room was bigger than the triple, the triple did NOT say club on the door, the toilet in the triple did not flush consistantly, on the first night I just happened to check the window (the maid had drawn curtains over it) to find our room on the first floor had the window propped open with a piece of wood-very safe!! The breakfast was bland and the waitress' were rude--after 2 weeks in Europe this was not the highlight of our trip	
Apr 15 2009 	Not a 4 or 3 Star Hotel!	Stayed here for 3 nights over Easter. The rooms on the 5th floor are tiny, and get very hot. Even though it was not a particularly hot weekend outside, the only way to attempt to keep cool was to jam the window open and turn on the supplied fan, and then put up with a fair amount of street noise at night. The door does not open the full way, there is a door stop to prevent it from hitting the wardrobe. When you open the wardrobe door it hits off the door closer, frustrating especially when arriving with luggage. The shower is very small and the door fell off a few times. The walls are paper thin, I could hear any movement in the room next door.Breakfast was very average\bland, the restaurant staff were not very friendly probably due to poor English, however the reception staff were very helpful. Despite the AA sign outside I would not rate this near a four star hotel	
Mar 28 2009 	Nothing that you could call quality about this hotel	Stopped here with my step-daughter for an overnight stay and have to say I was very disappointed with what I received for my money.The hotel is in Paddington and is a bit off the beaten track, but that was my choice. The problems arose when checking in, the Receptionist checked us in and off we went to our Club Twin Room. On letting ourselves into the room we were horrifield to see that it was already occupied, thank goodness they were out.We returned to Reception to explain the mistake and the Receptionist (due to a language barrier) seemed unable to comprehend what we were saying. When we finally managed to get it across panic set in and they took a long time to sort it out. and no real apology was given.. The alternative room we were given was furnished adequately but the most unusual feature was that when you looked out of the window you were looking in to a corridor leading to more rooms. The window was propped open with a bit of wood which meant everyone passing in the corridor could hear what was being said.Breakfast was buffet style and fair enough, but we werent given coffee or tea pots, just one cup of tea poured from a pot from very unenthusiastic waitresses. No further top ups were offered. Alos 2 slices of toast with no offer of additional toast, as my step daughter chose to have scrambled egg on toast, that left no toast for me!This may all seem to be petty to some, but for a 4star hotel it was way short of what I would have expected.	
Mar 20 2009 	Incredibly small room not worth the money	We booked to stay 4 nights at this hotel and it was the most uncomfortable hotel expereience we have ever had.We had stayed in 2 other hotels in London and Bristol, which were alright. Imagine our shock on checking into our double &quot;club&quot; room. It was so SMALL. It was supposed to be a double room so the best part of the room was taken up by a queen sized bed, which was unfortuntately pushed tight up against the wall.This meant that the person sleeping on the side next to the wall was literally squashed. There was barely room to put our two medium sized bags, let alone open them. The passageway was so narrow that when one of us wanted to stand up and walk to the bathroom, the other person had to scuttle onto the bed. I was also shocked that there was no airconditioning, so that we had to keep the windows permanently open, otherwise it got so stuffy, The downside to that was having to listen to traffic and pedestrian noise. We were thankful that it was still cool in March.Pity the poor people who stay there in summer! When we enquired from the receptionist, we were told that the ENTIRE hotel had no airconditioning!To be fair, some plus points _ good location, just 3 minutes walk from Paddington station, our room was generally clean and the breakfast spread for our continental breakfast was ok, with yogurt, juice, cereal, croissants, toast, jam and sliced ham.	
Mar 13 2009 	Never use this Hotel	Rudest people,worst room ever,lift broke down everyday,noise next door loud building next door being renovated noise started 8.00am,room next door could hear all.When tried to change rooms they said no and couldnt care less.Dining room run by robots.DO NOT BELEIVE THE WEBSITE.NEVER,NEVER,STAY HERE	
Mar 2 2009 	Good value for money	I read some review on this page before we went to London and I was pleasantly suprised. Our room was a bit narrow, but spotless clean and the beds were very comfy. The breakfast was fine, but don't pay extra for the full english breakfast, you'll get better value if you go to a local diner or pub. The bathroom was also a bit narrow and tiny, but again spotless clean and it functioned well. For the price we paid, it was well worth the stay. Close to the Paddington station.	
Feb 25 2009 	Low Quality hotel ?	Just returned home after a weekend in London. Despite rather good reviews on this site, we were very disappointed once we were provided a family room. It was situated in the basement! The room had a window. However, it's not of much use, if you can't see anything but a wall one meter from the window. We didn't expect this and it certainly made us not want to stay in the hotel during our stay. We did make a complaint, the staff told us that the hotel was full and consequently couldn't do anything.In addition to this, the bread rolls at Sunday breakfast, hard as rocks, didn't impress us either.If we'd go back? Hardly...	
Feb 22 2009 	Great location nice hotel would return	My wife, 16 year old son and I stayed for 3 nights in February 2009 and enjoyed ourselves. I must say that I was prepared for the size of hotel rooms in England and believe most people will do a bit of research before they travel. So if someone is surprised by smaller rooms, they're really not doing much to prepare for a trip. Overall the hotel was very nice. Everything was clean, the location was great, and the staff was helpful. We had the breakfast one morning and although it was good, we decided to hit a few smaller deli type places around the block and enjoyed them all. Generally, we were out of the room and out site seeing by 8:30 am or so, and then didn't return until some time around 10 at night. We took the Big Bus Tour around the city and got off for walking tours in a number of places. Overall, I would say this is a good way to go, even if February is a bit brisk for sitting up top. One thing about the Big Bus Tour, I signed up for a family ticket but since both my kids are over 15 (my daughter is in London studying) the family rate doesn't apply. That took a while to straighten out. I've been back to their website and the age restriction is not clear. We barely stopped for lunch, but my 16 year old son could have lived on meat pies from some of the small pastie shops. Dinner was at whatever local pub that looked good (we weren't disappointed). We also saw &quot;Wicked&quot; one night. Tickets, which we purchase up by Leicester Square at one of the discount booths, were 45 pounds each. I'm not sure if we could have gotten a better deal, but compared to NY City, this was incredible. And although our seats were back in the Stalls (sounded like they said &quot;Stools&quot; but I think it was &quot;Stalls&quot;) we loved it. I was very surprised by London. I thought it would be a bit more depressed economically. But it looked clean, the tourist attractions were well run and the overall impression was very positive. We only spent a couple of full days in London (should have been one more but Continental Airlines messed up our plans) and then took the Chunnel to Paris. The train ride was nice, but I think I slept through the Chunnel. I would recommend this hotel to people who are using it as a base for seeing London.	
Feb 10 2009 	Unfriendly staff	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights at the end of Jan 09. The hotel is more like a 3 star than a 4 star. Rooms aren't very spacious, and one can hear all sounds coming from adjacent rooms (upstairs and on the sides). Hotel accepts reservations for rooms only, without the clients ever knowing that breakfast can be excluded; a 4 star should never accept guests under these circumstances (room only, no breakfast). Staff are not friendly, not flexible, not professional. We were awaked at 5am one night by reception and then just &quot;sorry, mistake&quot;.	
Feb 4 2009 	A peaceful haven	A pleasant week spent in London,and in particular, The Quality Crown Hotel, Hyde Park. Was a little concerned after reading recent reviews, however, the great location, cleanliness, value for money and overall demeanour of the staff made for a welcoming and enjoyable stay.' In particular, Roman( front desk), who was polite and accommodating in regard to all my requests, and the breakfast staff who were friendly and attentive. As we were travelling with teenager, asked to upgrade to a suite, and highly recommend as much roomier than a triple. This hotel is so well located, oxford street, Hyde park and paddington station 5-15 mind away. Plenty of cafe/restaurant choices, money exchange and mini mart options. We also found cabbing it some days proved time /money saving. All in all, a great stay, made even more special knowing we were returning at the end of each day to a cozy, warm room.	
Jan 30 2009 	Location and Quality	We stayed at the Quality Crown for 4 nights and paid about $160 dollars for a &quot;studio suite&quot;. It was not nearly the size of a suite in the US, just about the size of a standard US hotel room. The location was great- a 5 minute walk from Paddington Station. London was cold, the rooms were warm, and the windows opened to let in fresh air. Even with the windows open the hotel was situated such that it remained very quiet for a big city. The staff was friendly and helpful.	
Jan 19 2009 	Very Tiny Room - No Reply Regarding Complaint	We spend four nights at the Quality Crown Hotel and were VERY disappointed. We have been to London several times and this was they very worst room we have ever been in. Our room was at the top of the building, probably an 8x7' space. There was only room for one person at a time. The full bed completely filled the room. You could sit on the bed and reach the desk, had to step back to get into the wardrobe. We arrived from the US around noon and left our bags (so they obviously knew we would be staying). On our return to check in we were told this was the only room available and that it was their standard room. We were finally moved to a larger room on the 3rd night of a 4 night stay. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. We have never had a room so ridiculously small, and the lack of concern made it even worse. I complained to the hotel in October and have never even received a reply. Generally my husband and I go with the flow, we get that rooms are smaller in the UK, but this tiny excuse for a room, compounded by a total lack of concern guarantees that we won't make that mistake again.	
Jan 12 2009 	Please read before risking staying here!!!	4 Star?? Such a number of issues!! Sorry this is a long one... Firstly, the reception staff. Despite the charming porter whom with we left a piece of luggage with earlier in the day,check in staff were surly and brusque. Once we moved away from the desk to wait for the lift he went back to whatever was entertaining him on his computer screen with a colleague; perhaps he was annoyed we had interrupted?! Once upstairs we were shocked by the size of room – it was SO small!!! Two people could not walk around the bed, which was also small and uncomfortable (you could feel every metal spring) and was shoved into the corner of what MIGHT justify as a single-size room. One person sat at the desk meant the other had to climb over the bed or move into the shower room in order for the other to get the wardrobe or vice versa! Completely ridiculous and unacceptable for what we paid.The radiator sounded like a running tap on full and obviously needed bleeding. I immediately phoned down to reception to ask for another room but was firmly informed (before I could finish the question) that the Hotel was fully booked. No apology, not even an apologetic tone. What about the radiator? No one was available and were told to try turning it off. With outside temperatures below freezing I didn’t think this was reasonable but was ‘reassured’ the rooms at the top of the Hotel stay warm regardless!! Too late to find anywhere else and it seemed clean enough (with the exception of a cocktail stick on the floor and hairs in the bathroom later discovered) so we resolved to stay and hoped a cup of tea might be a simple task....but this also let us down - the Kettle only worked when you held it firmly down on the base and had to remain doing so until it boiled. We gave up after one try. Lastly, but by no means least offensive (and largely what drove me to writing this review) were the noisy pipes. I thought at first the noise I was being woken by at 4am was the neighbours in the bathroom, as we had heard similar noises the night before. However, I was proved wrong when EVERY SEVEN MINUTES thereafter the same noise erupted from above us. I can only compare it to as if they were being repeatedly hit with another piece of metal, quite startling and the regularity lead me to believe it was the Hotel’s water or heating system rather than other guests. Despite all attempts, even ear plugs did not work, my partner and I crawled out of bed at 8am after being unable to sleep for 4 hours, got ready and left exhausted without breakfast. We simply could not bear another minute at the hotel. I complained wearily at reception when checking out and was faced with the same absorption into a computer screen. No discussion, no apology, just that “yes, sometimes the pipes can make some noise, but no one else complained”. As if that was an acceptable response!! I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. I work within the hospitality and travel industry and never have I stayed anywhere so appalling or been dealt with so badly. All in all the most terrible stay and nonchalant response from the staff. Being so tired Sunday really tainted the weekend, getting an early train home out of London. (the only good thing about this place is it's close to Paddington)To top it all off, I am still waiting for an apology (the very minimum and at no point has this been offered).If you still decide to stay here, please request a room before check in that you can walk around in and far from the noisy pipes!	
Jan 8 2009 	Very good hotel - very safe location	We stayed at this hotel in Nov 2008 for 5 nights. Although the rooms are a little small, they were very clean and comfortable (we were in a triple room). Staff were helpful but had trouble understanding what we were saying to them at times. No luandry facilities - only very expensive dry claening (but there is a dry cleaner close by for half the hotels price). Close to Paddington tube	
Dec 31 2008 	Left Much To Be Desired	Stayed at this hotel over the Christmas holidays. On the positive side the room was clean, staff friendly &amp; helpful, and an excellent location. However, the room was incredibly small for three people. The room was hot -- had to keep windows open in late Decemeber to be comfortable. The advertised breakfast was not available on Christmas Day or Boxing Day until 8 AM which was too late for us; it was apparently more important to accomodate the hotel staff for the holiday than the guests! This hotel would compare to an economy U.S. hotel not a 4-star luxury hotel as advertised on the hotel website!	
Nov 10 2008 	Very friendly but respectful	I have stayed at this hotel on many occasions and found the personnel from Lesley the receptionist (will be greatly missed when she leaves to have a baby) through the breakfast service staff, chamber maids and probably one of the best barman in London, Marco, both very friendly, courteous and respectful. A trait that I have found is often lost when you stay at many hotels for long periods. Certainly a hotel that is well worth considering when staying in London. A very friendly but respectful hotel that is particularly good value for money.	
Nov 7 2008 	Not bad for the price	We booked this hotel because it was well located and reasonable priced (for London). We were not disappointed in this regard. The hotel is well located just a very short walk from Paddington station. The staff were friendly on check in. The room was clean, although probably a bit small for three. Indeed the third bed was fitted into what should have been the corridor to the toilet, but we managed. We did have to be very tidy with our luggage.The main complaint was that the bathroom had a funny gassy smell in the mornings. It seemed to be coming from the bath drains, and was kept to a minimum by keeping the plug in the bath and shutting the bathroom door.	
Nov 4 2008 	Comfortable and Reasonable Priced	Great location and convenient to Paddington Station and Paddington Tube Station, which was great becuase I was able to take the Heathrow Express directly to the station where the hotel was located. Plenty of restaurants and pubs in the area, great place the sell fish and chips around the corner from the hotel for cheap. Walking distance to Hyde park. Breakfast was really good and the attendants were very hospitable. Comfortable and clean lobby area with a convenient relaxing bar. Front Desk attendants were very helpful toward me and my travel companion, as well. If the price didn't go up, I probably would have stayed there again. At the time I had B&amp;B and free Wifi included in the price, but when I tried to book for a 2nd stay 2 months later, that deal wasn't available. I think its worth it if its 90 pounds/per night or less.	
Oct 31 2008 	Good and less good	We just spent seven nights at this hotel and overall we were pleased; however, there were some concerns. First, the positives: (1) the location is good, it is easy to find from Paddington ( access to rail and underground); (2) there are many eating places in the neighborhood varying in price,type and quality; (3) the neighborhood is safe as far as we could see; (4) the hotel is clean and well maintained; (5) the staff was pleasant, helpful and responsive; and (6) the continental breakfast was fine. There were two areas of concern for us: (1) the room was tiny even by European standards, it was difficult to even enter the shower; and (2) the plumbing system was very noisy throughout the day and night. All in all, the pluses outweighed the minuses for us and we would return again.	
Oct 27 2008 	worth recommending	Took a risk and booked a Compact Double at the Quality Crown Hyde Park hotel. Have read loads of comments about the hotel and room sizes and they were right. Compact Double has a small double bed and no space to maneuver. But we came just for 2 nights with only hand luggage so fit easily. The price was also very good comparing with other London hotels, breakfast was included in the price and internet was free. Happy with the service and overall good value for money.	
Sep 30 2008 	loved it!!!!	this hotel was great! the staff were friendly, the room was quite an average size for london! (staying in a triple). the bed wasn't the most comfortable but we still got great sleep! the tv was high quality. during the night it got hot but their was a fan and open windows! one problem was the lift! it was a bit small and unreliable. it was even being repaired during saturday which would be awful for any disabled people or those unable to go up lots of steps. we were on the 4th floor of 5 and i thought them steps would never end! haha! the price is quite good for the location! just a few minutes walk!! when i read a few reviews saying the walls were thin and loud i was a little aprehensive but i totally dissagree, i didn't hear a thing! i was there for three days and it was brilliant! thanks a million quality crown!!!	
Sep 28 2008 	OK But ....	Arrival good - early check in after the long flt from AUS - but then we got woken 3 times that arvo- fire alarm, incredibly loud mechanical noise from above ( reception couldnt later explain)and bizarely a staff member knocking on the door and quickly bolting in and then running away on seeing us in the room -without an apology or explanation- we suspect he was after the portable fan - see below. Dont expect any local knowledge as most arent locals or friendly UK reception as some are a bit East European dour - Also the &quot;Club&quot; room downstairs (near the furnace?) was very warm despite being late SEP with all windows open and the fan on - An enquiry on this was met with disbelief ( despite the fact the fire door was being held open with a chair to reduce the temprature) rather than the quality mantra &quot;OH so you have a problem how can I help ?&quot;Overall OK but Quality ? - tell em they are dreamin!	
Sep 26 2008	location location ...	We had actually booked into the Derby kensington (which looked very nice by the way), but were upgraded to the Quality Crown because there boiler was broken. They booked the transfer and everything, so that was fine. This Quality Crown is in a great location, right near everything you could need. It's a small hotel, a bit difficult to get a suitcase around, but nicely appointed. The room was a bit small, but had a good sized bathroom with a tub. Can get a bit stuffy but the room had a fan and you could open the window.The breakfast was excellent. We only had the continental but it was excellent quality ham and cheese, croissants, cereals, fruits, good coffee, and the hot breakfast looked really good.The concierge (a fellow from Slovakia - sorry can't remember his name), was really friendly and helpful.	
Sep 14 2008 	Great Location but 3* quality	My husband and I stayed at this hotel during our honeymoon. It's in a great location, literally 5 minutes walk around the corner to Paddington Station and the tube. There are plenty of taxis around, too. Within a few minutes walk there are restaurants and bars, takeouts and convenience stores. The 'Ask' pizza place was good, and the chippy round the corner.The room was a bit small, but this IS a very old, typical London town house, probably listed - the corridors, stairways and rooms are going to be small, so we will forgive them that. We ordered a four poster room; the bed was great, but it took up nearly all of the room! The linen was clean, room serviced satisfactorily, and the bed comfy. A clean, comfortable hotel, though I can't help thinking it's a 3 star. The room staff visit twice during the day - once to clean and service your room, once to turn the corner of your duvet over and out a chocolate on there.!! There is TV in the rooms, 4 or 5 channels. You can connect to the internet via the TV but this is a bit clumsy/ expensive.At the time of our stay there were work men overlooking our room, the is was noisy and with the window open, a little invasive of privacy. I'd check that the work on the hotel behind has finished, or ask to be placed in a room at the front of the hotel. Our bathroom was spacious, clean, if a little tired. Towels are very small - I'd bring your own - but they were happy to exchange them daily. Staff were very very friendly and worked very hard, but most do not speak much English. We had a problem with our bank card payment ( we paid twice, but that was partly our fault) and it was hard to resolve a refund with a language barrier. The lady on the desk ended up giving us a head office number to ring and resolve, which connected us to an operator in their call centre. The breakfast was plentiful continental buffet - eat as much as you like. You pay extra for a fry up. I used to work in the catering trade, and the croissants, rolls, yogurts, cheese wedges (!) and toast bread are low budget, low quality. I guess that's the credit crunch, though. The range was still there, and the staff were pleasant, although the music in the breakfast room was sooooo bad! (Think 'Baker Street' played on a Hammond organ on repeat!!) The hotel are happy to store your bags on the day of your departure, which was helpful. I'd recommend this place as a 3* (no way is it a 4*) but please check that your room does not overlook the building site! (Aug 08)	
Jul 29 2008 	Good for a Girls Weekend Escape!	We (3, 30-something schoolfriends) stayed here in July 2008 during the 2 hottest nights of the year so far to celebrate my friend's forthcoming wedding. We got a pretty good rate via the hotel's website, sharing a triple room, for a 2 night total of £289, excluding breakfast. I considered this very good value for high season and given the excellent central (yet quiet!) location of the hotel.First impressions are fab - situated on a very traditional leafy square, yet only a 5 minute walk from Paddington station, the front of the hotel is freshly painted and smothered in window boxes of brightly coloured flowers. We discovered that it's also very near (0.3 miles) to Lancaster Gate tube station (Central Line) which was more convenient for getting to the major tourist areas.Whilst it's not a flashy hotel, (and I agree with previous comments about the common areas being small), the staff we dealt with were all friendly and helpful, and our room was small but adequate for sleeping in. The bathroom was much larger than I had expected, and everything was spotlessly clean.If I have a minor grouch, it's that the hotel doesn't appear to have air conditioning, even in the lobby area. I did know this when I made our booking (in February!), and then it didn't seem important! Having spent 2 nights where the temperature was in the high 80's, air-con felt more like a necessity than the luxury I had asumed it to be!! The hotel did provide a large electric fan for our room (without us having to make a special request), which we kept on throughout our stay.We had an amazing weekend, seeing the London Eye and Tate Modern gallery on the South Bank, taking an open-top bus tour (expensive, but highly recommended!), Shopping in the markets at Portobello Road and Camden and more expensively on Regent and Oxford Streets. We also had a brilliant night seeing 'Chicago' at the Cambdrige Theatre and having dinner. If you'd like to see a show, try getting a deal on a dinner and tickets package through the ticket agency office located inside Leicester Square tube station - we got a fantastic dinner at the Radisson opposite the theatre and best stalls seats for £50 each. (the face value of the tickets alone was £65 each!) The 'Dial Bar' at the Radisson do the best cocktails too (try a strawberry mohjito!!), and is a great place to people wach!Have a fab trip - I can't wait to go back!	
Jul 26 2008 	excellent hotel	we booked this hotel online after doing an exhaustic search for a london hotel that was close to tube and all amin attractions. This hotel was excellent. Room were small but lovely and you can get a drink in the bar at midnight very handy after being to Michael Buble and the tube didnt work.Overall i would stay here again staff first class day and night and sweets in recepion were nice too! I had 3!!	
Jul 20 2008 	Excellent location no-frills hotel	Excellent location 1.5 blocks from Paddington Station &amp; the Tube stops there, and not too far from beautiful Hyde Park.We stayed here for a week with a small child. We got a room overlooking Talbot Square--I would advise that at the moment because the lot on the other side of the hotel is under construction (summer 2008) and is probably pretty noisy.The hotel is no frills but comfortable, and if you're like me and do not spend too much time in your hotel when you are in a big exciting city then it should serve you fine. Our room was #407, a suite, and quite comfortable although nothing luxurious. The soffit over the center window leaked during very heavy rain--which the hotel clearly knew about because towels and plastic sheeting were all set up there on the day we arrived. But they were gone the next day (after the rain had stopped) and the leaking was not a problem during the lighter rain that tends to characterize London.The room has a very spacious bathroom with lots of counter space, and bath/shower combo with a real curtain (not those halfway glass windows that do not seem capable of keeping the floor dry). A small closet but several furniture pieces with storage drawers provided ample space for clothing and luggage. The neighborhood is full of small (and one or two large) hotels and offers many restaurants to choose from.Again, not at all luxurious but with the US dollar exchange rate as it is, it was all we could afford for an entire week.	
Jul 10 2008 	Good Location But Make Sure You Don't Foget Anything!	Hey,Stayed at the Quality Hyde Park Hotel in January for 3 nights.....such a handy location, Padington Station is less than a five min walk around the corner and there are always black cabs driving at the end of the road.....the room was tiny but it didn't bother us as that was to be expected by reading previous reviews and it being a London hotel....all we wanted was a shower and bed! As we were checking out we left our mp3 players behind as we were rushed out by the foreign cleaning girl who didn't understand we needed 5 mins, even tho it was only 9.45........i rang up the next day when we got home and they told us they'd be posted after i sent a fax allowing my credit card to be charged which i did immediately....after numerous phone calls i wasn't getting anywhere.....every time i spoke to reception was told it would be posted or that they themself coudln't deal with it.....after 6 weeks i had to give up!Wouldn't stay at this hotel again because of the service but if u just want a bed its perfect! Hope this helps!	
Jun 10 2008	Great hotel centrally located	We were three Norwegian friends who stayed at the hotel primo May this year. I have asked for a three-beded room, which we also got. The room was clean and ok size, the bathroom too. No view, but it didn't matter. The service was great, the staff helpful and the breakfast good. The hotel was small and cosy and had a great location. We would definitely stay there again!	
Jun 9 2008 	Quality Indeed!	Although we only stayed here briefly, our stay at the Quality Crown Hotel Hyde Park was a great one. The hotel was clean and pretty. The room wasn't excessively massive, but then you don't get that for such good value in London (though to be fair, the quality of the hotel was much higher than I expected for the price). Good size bathroom and wardrobe. The staff were absolutely lovely! Pleasant and charming and always pleased to help. There were some things that weren't too pleasing - the toilet made a lot of noise when refilling, the &quot;air conditioning&quot; was a large &amp; squealky oscilating fan (&amp; the room was ROASTING so it wasn't great having to put this on at night) - however, depending on your tolerance levels they're not too bothersome. However, the breakfast.... NOT worth the money (bread rolls and croissants were hard, toast tasted stale, the choice was a bit poor....). It's just really not worth the money, venture out - there are plenty of places to eat breakfast nearby! (Actually the hotel is close to 2 underground stations, many restaurants and shops). We had some building work going on during our stay on the weekdays, but other than that the area is very quiet!!All in all, great hotel!!! I recommend staying here!	
May 12 2008 	Has Issues	This was our first trip to Europe, and London our first stop. The location was terrific, the hotel is in a handy block of small shops and resteraunts and other hotels, an easy walk to Hyde park --which is not to be missed. We were given a small back room on a view of a construction site with an apology that there would be early morning noise, but that they would try to move us the next day (and maybe the day after too, as they were completely full). One double bed filled most of the room~! The toilet was tempermental and only flushed after many attempts. We asked for adapters to convert our American electronics (curling iron etc.) and were told they had very few and they were already spoken for. The shop around the corner sold what we needed for $40 (USD)! They felt they were too often stolen by guests, but that's a poor excuse -- they can charge guests if they are not returned upon checkout. We had our laptop, but couldn't get a WiFi connection and were charged $8 (USD)/hour for plugging into their highspeed! There were no washcloths available -- the desk staff didn't even know what they were. To be fair, they did change us to a front facing room w/two twin beds pushed together on the second day. This room was much more pleasant because of the lovely view of their courtyard, but still equally small. Second toilet had same problem. No refrigerator -- we had to continually ask at the bar for a glass of ice. No ice machine or water in the halls. The rooms were clean, the staff was friendly, the breakfast more than adequate. It wouldn't be hard for them to make this more accomodating for the same price. This is not a cheap hotel, nor a cheap rate.	
May 7 2008 	Wasn't a fun time....	The whole stay at this hotel was mostly bad news. When we first arrived we were given a room that measured 7 feet by 10 feet. It had a small double bed that you had to walk sideways past to get to the window. The window looked down on the hallway to the floor below and above that, if you looked up was a skylight a floor above with no view except for gray clouds. My wife had tears in her eyes. We had come 4200 miles to this dreary little room at $200 plus dollars a night! I called the desk and after a long heated conversation, they agreed to move us to another room. This room was better as it did have a view of the court yard but was still small and crowded with it's two single beds pushed together. This room measured about 7 by 12. About as big as our walk in closet at home. I had heard that rooms were small in Europe but this was unbelieveable. The travel brocure on line shows large spacious looking rooms...not the case. The worse part of the stay were the mattresses. They were as hard as rocks and had buttons on them that dug into your back making a good night's sleep nearly impossible. The day before we left I talked with a driver of a Black cab to see how much it would be to get us to the Chunnel station. He quoted me 10 pounds. He said it wasn't far. The next morning I left 10 pounds for the maid and went downstairs to check out. I asked an oriental lady behind the desk to please call us a Black cab but she refused... She told me they only deal with a special taxi service and that was the only taxi she was allowed to call. Reluctantly I said okay. When she had the taxi service on the line I asked her to ask them how much to go to the Chunnel station? 22 pounds I was told. Twice as much. Being I had kept as little British money as possible I was now short and didn't have enough to pay the Taxi. I was forced to go upstairs and get the maid's money. All too embarrassing! I was ticked! I would never recomend this hotel to anyone. A Red Roof in the USA would be ten times better!	
May 5 2008 	Room with no view	This hotel is well located -- minutes from Paddington and on a quiet square. I booked my room with the request for 2 twin beds approximately 2 months before arrival. Upon arrival, I was informed that there was only one such room available; it was an interior room with no windows. Further, I was informed that because I had booked through an agent, there were no guarantees for my twin request. Located just off the lobby and about 20 feet from the front desk, the room was noisy until well after 11 PM. The attitude of the clerk was essentially take it or leave it. The fact is that I booked online as many do these days. I expected to receive a room with as least some glimpse of the outdoors. If booking online means that the management can make indiscriminate changes, then I believe that patrons should be so informed before arrival. I can't imagine that there exists a more disagreeable room in the entire hotel.	
Apr 21 2008 	Great small hotel in a Prime Location	I've stayed here on two seperate occasions (both business trips)...can't beat the price and the location. The singles are small, but from what I've seen, the doubles are nice sized and not that much more in price. I had a very nice breakfast there one time and another time, I ate nearby in a cafe. The staff were very nice (and the bar was surprisingly friendly and inviting). But without a doubt, the main value to the hotel is its proximity to Heathrow via the Paddington Station (just 5 minutes walking). The express departs about 15 minutes and gets to the Airport in 15 minutes. And of course, you can get to the rest of London via the tube at Paddington. All in all a very enjoyable and economic alternative to the high priced hotels near Piccadilly Circus.	
Apr 15 2008 	Lovely staff but a shame about the room	We were moved to this hotel after booking a room at the Comfort Inn Notting Hill but they could not accommodate as due to a problem with the third floor. Located on a quiet square very close to Paddington station, the hotel looked quaint &amp; tidy from the outside. The reception staff were very friendly &amp; efficient. Our room was located on the 5th floor (top floor) and was small &amp; cramped. The room was clean &amp; the funishings in good condition. Though the hotel is completely smoke free, our room smelt strongly of cigarette smoke. Our room was located at the front of the hotel but the tiny window offered no view. We had booked a double room but were allocated a twin room. Within five minutes of mentioning this to the receptionist, a housekeeper knocked on the door to re-arrange the beds. A very quick response but not the most comfortable solution. There was a problem with the toilet in the tiny en-suite - it just wouldn't flush. Nothing was done about this problem during our stay but we only had to put up with it for one night. The breakfast was basic but OK. More choice would have been nice. Checking out took awhile but the reception staff was very efficient and worked their way through the queue quickly. I felt the room was very expensive for the size &amp; problems it had. Not quite what you would expect from a Quality Crown hotel.	
Apr 9 2008 	small room bad bed	I was worried by some of the comments about the size of the rooms and asked the travel agent to ask for something larger, but I ended up with a very small room but a large bathroom, shower only. Another room they showed me was even smaller. Granted this is London, but in the United States the room size and quality was far below that of AAA 3 star hotels where we've stayed. I'm fairly tall, and the ceiling of this top floor room seemed low, and the side along the wall also had a roof slant too it, such that if I stood up on that side in the narrow space between the bed and the wall, I could clunk my head. I do not like a soft mattress, I prefer a hard one, but this thin mattress had metal coils which poked at me. I did a lot of thrashing the first night, then finally put the quilt and other covers under me to get the mattress bearable. I then had to go down and ask for another quilt to cover me at 11:30 at night. I mentioned the problematic bed in the morning, but the hotel was so full that they couldn't offer another room, and I was afraid, anyway, that another room might be noisier. Perhaps because I was polite and calm they did not seem very concerned.We also discovered that the showers use a heater that generates the hot water on demand rather than storing it in a tank, and the shower created a sound like a jet taking off. When someone took an 11 PM shower in the room next door it was very noisy and woke us up. I don't think anyone could sleep through someone turning on the shower in a next door room.This was March and cool, but our room on the top floor was rather warm. We remedied this by just keeping the bedroom and bathroom windows open, but the top floor rooms would be unbearable on a warm summer day. I don't think there is air conditioning.I used the fitness center at their nearby sister hotel, and it was okay. The basic cold breakfast was good and the breakfast room pleasant, the overall service decent, but I don't think I'd go back to this hotel. I had expected much more based on the three or four star ratings. Certainly don't expect a huge room with a poster bed like they show in their photos. Such rooms may exists but they must cost more and are not the norm at this hotel.	
Mar 25 2008	Basic Hotel	Booked a triple room so was not surprised to find the room a little packed. Rooms were very clean and beds comfy enough but you could hear every stir from room above. Towels were so well washed that they were thin and grey. Was not inexpensive so expected a little less dingy.	
Mar 12 2008 	Nice location but wouldn't stay again	Positives: Location near Paddington station and Hyde Park. The hotel sits off the main road on kind of a cul-du-sac like arrangement, and overlooks a nice garden. Beds were comfortable. Desk clerks were nice but ineffective - did not fix problems we called about (see &quot;negatives&quot; below). Has an elevator.Negatives: NOT ONE DROP OF HOT WATER FOR SHOWER IN THE MORNING. Clerks did not seem affected at all when we called to report this. Toilets only flush intermittantly - can be quite embarrasing. Also, we got to London early. When we arrived at the hotel they graciously did hold our bags, but uniformly turned away everyone that arrived early. We left our bags, walked around the neighborhood, had something to eat, and still got back before 2:00. They wanted us to wait until 2:00 to check in, but my friend got a little noisy about being very tired and wanting to check in. Guess what? Our room magically became ready immediately. Why are they so reticent to let people in their rooms early if they're ready? Also the room was tiny - one of the smallest yet priciest we encountered during our two weeks in the UK &amp; Paris.Notes: Didn't eat breakfast so can't comment on that. I thought it was expensive so we walked a block down London Street and had breakfast in a restaurant.Summary: The negatives outweigh the postives. No shower and a toilet that works only sometimes trumps the good location.	
Mar 7 2008 	Pretty good hotel in a great location	The Quality Crown Hotel is a very good hotel in a nice area near Hyde Park. The hotel is in good location to Paddington Tube Station and surrounded by plenty of good pubs, restaurants, and mini-marts. Club rooms are a bit small but that’s expected in Europe. Breakfast is good and you have a choice of a full English breakfast at extra cost or a free Continental breakfast with a good selection. The only thing I did not like about this hotel was the fact that we could not get hot water until much later in the evening and there was a problem with the window in our room. Every time there was a breeze or a large lorry passed the hotel the window would rattle as it was hard to completely close. Good location, clean comfy rooms and beds, nice breakfast and fast check in by friendly staff was a plus. I think I would stay here again and would recommend it to anyone in London for a few days.	
Mar 1 2008 	B	We were looking for a quiet, reasonably priced hotel for a 4-day get away, arriving from San Francisco. We took the Heathrow Connect (cheaper alternative to the Express) to Paddington Station and walked (about 10 mins.) to hotel. The staff set aside our bags, as like many people, we arrived early morning and had to wait for our room. We walked thru Hyde Park, had a pub lunch and got room by 1:00. We had a Club Room on top floor...it was clean, efficient and mostly quiet; heard some noise early morning, but to be expected as people getting ready to head out. We had breakfast included in our rate, and for a little extra, we had it brought to our room! The convenience to 2 tube stations, the buses and Hyde Park, plus being on Talbot Square, instead of busy road, was a good choice for our stay.	
Feb 13 2008 	Recommended	Not a luxurious hotel but for London it was fantastic value. Location is superb for transport, it was clean, (reasonably) quiet) and the staff were very friendly (especially Marco in the bar).The rooms are slightly cramped - but its London, you shouldnt be spending that much time in your room.Plenty of places to eat in close vicinity. Talbot Square is pretty quiet. There was some construction going on next door which woke us pretty early but if you need a lie in just take some earplugs.	
Dec 14 2007 	Not a 4 Star Hotel	We visited Qualitiy Crown Hotel in Hyde Park a week ago with my husband for two nights. Even if we paid a good amount of money, for the first night we were allocated in a very tiny room, with the so-called &quot;double bed &quot; attached to wall because there wasn´t enough space in the room to have it elsewhere! We complained to the Manager, who kindly I must admit, upgraded us into an executive room for the next day in the second floor. This room was huge with a descent bed and bathroom.The breakfast was poor and the staff in the breakfast lounge rude. Reception staff was much friendlier and more efficient.The hotel is in a good location though with two underground tubes nearby. Overall, I would say that this is not a 4 star hotel and if you decide to stay at this Hotel ask for an executive room...	
Dec 12 2007 	Great hotel for the money	I think some of my fellow Americans are just too fickle. I arrived in London at 7am and got to Hotel around 8:30am. I was very jet lagged because I had not slept on the plane. The clerk politely stowed my bags so I did not have to carry them around, because check in was not until 2pm. I returned to the lobby at 10:30 am because I was just too tired to walk around the area any longer. I sat on the lobby couch and dozed off. The lobby also has a small bar with a TV for those waiting for rooms. At 11 am, the clerk awoke me and gave the first room that was cleaned up after check out from previous guests. &quot;Mr. Smith, I have a room for you if you would like some comfortable rest.&quot; Check in 3 hours early! Thank You The room was small but cozy. All very clean and modern amenities, from the fixtures to the TV. Walls are a little thin, but not as bad as others have stated. If had to nit pick, the toilet paper was a little &quot;rough.&quot; Otherwise a great little hotel for a good price, and in a quiet little square- close to the Paddington Station and some decent pubs.	
Dec 10 2007	Grumpy Clerks at Check In	The location is good, the rooms are clean, if small, but if grumpy clerks at check in get you down, stay somewhere else. From reading other reviews it is interesting to note that the management responds to every complaint on Tripadvisor as though they are always right. Funny, how they are in the business of accomodation, yet not very accomodating. The person behind the counter was remarkably unfriendly given that his is a guest services position.	
Nov 27 2007 	Great Location. Ok Hotel	This hotel is in a great location. But other aspects let it down. The staff were not the friendiest bar one very nice porter (Andre possible was his name), I had the misfortune of being in a queue behind a gentleman who had a problem with his room but the way he was dealt with by the very rude receptionist has put me off every re-visiting again. The rooms are quite small even for central London and we had alot of noise early in the morning which prevented any lay in we need. Also the bar is very expensive and only one measure in it. So for us ordering three drinks the barman had to pour one wash the measure pour other and then wash the measure again????	
Oct 16 2007	Value for money a great stay.	I am a Flight Attendant and have stayed in many hotels, i have to say i was very impressed with this hotel. It was a good price, the breakfast was good, staff were really nice and we were upgraded which was great!. I always read the reviews when deciding to book accommodation, based on the reviews i changed my previous booking to this hotel and i am so glad i did. I will stay at this hotel again when i return to the UK on holidays in the future.	
Sep 25 2007	Not the best place to stay	We stayed at the hotel just a week ago and I don't think I'd recommend it unless you get a room far away from the lobby. We were in the &quot;Club Room&quot; on the ground floor right next to the lobby. The staff left the hall door open and we were awakened frequently by noise from people checking in. We had a nice large window facing the street but we could rarely keep it open because everyone congregated out front to smoke. We asked to be moved but were told the hotel was full, however people were constantly checking in and out. It was supposed to be a 3-person room, but the 2nd bed was an uncomfortable rollaway not large enough for our 6' 18 year old son. The staff was not at all helpful about booking tours other than the standard offerings and did not offer to find alternate choices for us. The bartender was the one positive staff member, he tried to be helpful and was very friendly. The continental breakfast was so-so. Having said all that, the hotel is pretty, the rooms have high ceilings which make it seem bigger and it's in a nice location - very convenient to Paddington station.	
Jun 30 2007 	Where do the 4 stars come from?	This hotel is billed everywhere as a 4 star but clearly lacks the standards to acheive this. The room allocated was a standard room, it was not just small ( I could almost touch the walls on either side with arms outstretched) it was impossible to get around with 2 people in it. The bed was slightly larger than a single. The walls may as well not have been there as the sounds from the next room were loud and coherent. I upgraded next morning to a club class room which was what I would call a standard room, it was good although in the basement with not much natural light, but after the prison cell it was welcome.This hotel only serves breakfast and is a blessing as the breakfast was a disgraceful affair, I ate out for the rest of the stay. A full breakfast is an upgrade and consisted of burnt economy quality sausages, bacon that had neither been grilled or fried, it had actualy been boiled. Tea and coffee was poor and the staff aimless, not their fault as this is down to training.After all this there was a positive and that was the house keeping staff who were excellent, they serviced the rooms very efficiently.	
Jun 25 2007 	Small room walls thin!	This hotel is located in a cul-de-sac in a nice area with good shops and restaurants nearby. Very near the underground and Heathrow Express. Little traffic noise.  However, the rooms are very small with little space around the beds and to walk around. Was awakened this AM by the person in the room next door who was snoring loudly! Hotel staff was indifferent to my complaint about this, except to confirm that the person was checking out today. Desk clerk stated there was nothing that could be done and &quot;all the rooms are the same.&quot; Expected more for the money.	
Jun 14 2007 	Good price excelent hotel	Nice wide bedroom with plasma TV, fan, bath. hair drier, coffee machine. There´s a possibility to access movies for 14 pounds a day and internet in the bedroom for 3 pounds 1 hour of access. Breakfast very pleasant with coffee, tea and juices, 4 kinds of bread, cheese, ham, musly and kellogs. We didn´t need more!	
May 19 2007 	A good find	After searching for what seemed an eternity and looking at literally hundreds of reviews we finally chose the Quality hotel Hyde park for our 3 night stay in London. And I am so glad we did because the hotelwas much better than expected. The rooms were very clean although a bit on the small side, but we did`nt go there to spend the entire time in the room. The breakfasts were good and fresh and the staff were all friendly and helpful. Our kettle broke down in our room on day one and was repaired promptly whilst we were out. Access to the tube was easy with Picadilly or Lancaster Gate, 5 minutes either way.If you want a good clean mid priced hotel within easy reach of the centre of London, choose this.	
May 2 2007 	Great location nice hotel	We actually stayed here in October last year so it's taken me a while to get around to doing this, but I personally found the trip advisor website so useful I promised myself I would write the reviews when we returned. The hotel is in a great spot, 5 min walk from Paddington station, yet in a nice quiet area and also minutes to Hyde Park and hop on hop off bus stations etc. The rooms are clean and of a good size and we got an excellent price via the worldby.com website which I think is excellent for London. We paid 94 pound a night - good value hotel and good spot.	
Apr 4 2007 	Very clean hotel in nice location.	I booked in this hotel by a travel agent and I think it was a very good choice. It is located in a very nice and quiet neighbourhood. Walking around the block, there is Paddington station, with the express train to Heathrow (it is expensive but it only takes 15 minutes).The hotel is very clean and the people are very nice and polite. The room we had (my girlfriend and I) was with a double bed (1 and a half actually) and it was rather small so we asked for a twin room and they didn’t make any problems. So, prefer the twin rooms… (Same price, more space)! Breakfast is quite good (continental or English).The only negative thing is that you can easily hear the conversation from the room next to you!!! The walls are really made of paper.I strongly recommend this hotel….	
Apr 2 2007 	Good value and location friendly staff	We booked this hotel for a week, despite some so-so and even negative reviews on this site, primarily because of its reportedly quiet location. Our chief hesitation to book here was the mention by some previous reviewers of the hotel's &quot;paper-thin walls&quot; (we are light sleepers). We're pleased to report no problems in this area. Perhaps that's because our room, No. 116 (a triple: we're a husband, wife, and teen), was sandwiched on a sort of mezzanine floor with only one other room adjacent. It helped to have a fan in the room, for both white noise and for the over-abundant heat from the radiators. (It was warm and often sunny in London during the last week of March, and if that sounds like a complaint, it's not!) If views are important to you, however, don't ask for this room; it looks out onto an air shaft. While we normally enjoy a good view, we didn't particularly care on this trip, since the point of London is to get out 'n' about. It's not like, say, heading to a beach-front Caribbean hotel and getting a room overlooking a parking lot (or air shaft).The big-picture summary? If you're looking for a London hotel that's a good value for a decent price, consider this one. If you're looking for a luxe experience, you'll be disappointed -- but that's not to say this isn't a nice hotel. Hotel pluses: -- By London standards, we considered this a terrific value for a triple. We paid $200 U.S. per night, including continental breakfast, which was nothing to write home about but certainly adequate sustenance to start the day. (Blah croissants/rolls, cheese and cold-cut meats, three varieties of cold cereals, yogurt, orange, grapefruit, and tomato juices, canned peaches and tangerines/grapefruits, tea, and surprisingly good coffee. A full English breakfast is also available for added cost, but we're not much of a big breakfast family, so can't comment on this. Breakfast is served from 7 to 9:30; Sundays, 8 to 10:30.) -- Very clean rooms/bathroom. -- Unexpectedly decent mattresses (we're picky). -- Quiet location in a small square off busy Sussex Gardens Road. -- Just around the corner from Paddington station and convenient bus stops. -- The staff was quite friendly, happy to pull out maps and aim us toward our destination whenever we asked. Adrian, the manager, was kind enough to print out online early-check-in boarding passes the night before our departure, saving us a step at the airport. Hotel negatives: -- Although we didn't spend too much time prowling the neighborhood directly surrounding the hotel, we'd hoped for more nearby restaurant choices. Admittedly, this disappointment could be our own fault, since by the time we got back to the hotel in the evenings, we were generally too weary to do much poking around. Unlike a previous reviewer, we weren't terribly impressed by the one night we stayed in for dinner at the hotel restaurant. We had far better (and cheaper) meals elsewhere, although we'll have to give a nod to the earnest willingness to please shown by our waiter. -- Wish we could have adjusted the heat beyond opening the windows; it was pretty darn hot some nights. (Then again, we're fresh-air fiends who keep our bedroom windows at home open overnight well into the autumn here in the U.S. Midwest, where we live.)-- Our room was very small. This didn't particularly bother us, however, since we were well aware that London hotels in this price range tend not to be spacious, and also because (as other reviewers of this and other London hotels have noted) no one in their right mind visits this city just so they can sit inside their hotel room. It's a place to sleep at night, and as far as that goes, we were happy enough with our room in this hotel.-- No free Internet access. Although, on second thought, maybe being freed from email was a good thing.... ;)	
Mar 2 2007 	Quiet Very English But Staff Rude	This hotel was very English - rather than feeling like a hotel that could have been anywhere. Staying there for a fair while it felt like we were locals - not tourists - coz it was small and quaint.Rm:The room was actually rather large - though there was 3 of us which may mean the rm is bigger. Could have had a fridge! Noise:We requested a rm not in the basement given the reviews here. It was located in a very quiet square with no rd noise. But, the corridoors were VERY narrow, we probably woke ppl. up taking our bags along to our rm early in the morning, not that we were talking. The floor boards squeek so sometimes we got a bit of noise from the ppl above - one night we expected to get junk in our eyes lying in bed. We couldn't hear any1 talking. Breakfast:The breakfast was nice (got a bit mundane after a few mornings) but it's very nicely decorated and clean. Staff:The ones at breakfast were nice, but on reception they were the main downside of the stay. None of them smiled really , didn't offer to go out of their way ever, and one guy in particular was SO RUDE - treated u like an idiot and left us quite shocked actually. Nothing like the nice ppl. in our Paris hotel. It was as though they didn't want to be working there. Location:Probably a little bit out from Parliament Buildings, Buckingham Palace, Westminster etc. but London is so huge wherever ur close to something you'll be miles from something else. Very close to Paddington Station and u can get to most places from here w/out changing or just one change. Close to where u can get trains to Heathrow or Oxford. Lots of eating places - but we ate at Garfunkels most nights coz it was good food each time and casual. Also some souvenir shops if u wanted last min pressies. And the sightseeing buses go from nearby. Enjoy ur stay in London.	
Feb 28 2007 	Walls like paper	We stayed at Quality Crown Hotel Hyde Park for two nights at the club room 609. The Hotel itself was average level, nothing special. Location was ok, no traffic noise. The inconveniences are:- walls are really like paper (you hear actually every word from neighbour rooms)- roof also like paper (every step could be heard loudly)- room was very hot (have to keep the window open)- no natural light to the room (window to the narrow gap, sorry don't know the right word)- reception personnel was uninterested.Plusses:- breakfast was satisfactory, nothing special, waitresses were friendly. - we had a triple room and there was space enough for all of us. - room price 133 euros including breakfast was a bargain.So, I give 7/10 points and try another hotel next time.	
Jan 12 2007 	Lovely brekkie little gem	Booked on lastminute.com after reading reviews on this site.Room was ready before check-in time, we arrived at 13.40 (check in at 14.00) and went straight to the room. Most other places have always said wait until the actual check in time.Room was smaller than expected for a double, but was more than adequate as we didnt spend much time in there anyway: too much to do when youre in london!Room was very clean and came with a flat screen lcd tv, internet access, tea/coffee making facilties and there was plenty of room to store our massive suitcases.As has been said in other reviews, the walls arent exactly thick, but the bed was so comfy I slept right through most of the noice from upstairs and outside.Breakfast was lovely, continental or you can upgrade to full. I usually have a full brekky to set myself up for a day sightseeing but the basic breakfast was more than enough! Soft bread, meat, cereal and fruit filled me right up until tea.Again the hotel is in a great location, 3 mins away from paddington and three tube stations a only a short distance away. Me and my bf walked easily from the hotel to marble arch and down oxford street and back in one night, and that took maybe 40 mins at the most.Staff were great as well, always smiling :)The only thing to watch out for is the lift - it doesnt seem to know lift etiquette! On more than one occasion we were first in, and didnt arrive on our floor until two other parties had got into and left the lift!Would definitley stay again if I was going to london again.	
Jan 9 2007 	what a charming hotel!	We really had a wonderful time in this hotel, it was clean and staff were very polite, with the bonus of being set in a brilliant location. It's close to the tube and tourists spots. Also a great breakfast is included within the room rate so it provides good value for money.The noise from other rooms was a bit of an issue along with the size of the room but apart from this, we both loved it!	
Dec 19 2006	Do not stay here	This is the smallest and worst hotel I have ever stayed in my carreer and I stay in hotels for about half of my life. It is way overpriced and with one minor exception, staffed by unfriendly and sometimes downright rude and unhelpfull employees. Dont expect to see a smile on ANYONES face here. The outside if the building the hotle is situated in looks very enticing and quaint. However, the room I stayed in is the smallest I have ever seen. The internet service never worked properly and I was still unable to ge the charge removed. The TV remote is so slow it takes a 15 seconds from the time you change a channel till the time it actually changes, an aggravating problem. There was huge spotlight, designed to light the building at night that was right outside of my window and lit my room up all night long as the curtains did not close properly. The heat conrtrol was impossible!!	
Dec 11 2006 	Quite allright	I think the location was ok and so was the breakfast. Beds, rooms and toilets were really clean. Only problem was the noise. Walls seem to be really thin. We heard footsteps and talk through the walls and ceiling, but anyway managed to sleep - hence 3/5 stars.	
Aug 22 2006 	Can't beat it for the price	Excellent location. Around the corner from Paddington trains, tube, buses, hop on hop off tourist bus. Less than a quarter mile from Hyde Park and trails to kensington Palace, Albert memorial, Royal Albert Hall, etc. Several great pubs, quicky mart, restaurants and pizza joints within a block or two of the hotel. We stayed a week - the rooms were well maintained and the staff was helpful when asked. They don't volunteer but when asked they are helpful. One weird thing is that check in time is not until 2PM or later. Since most US flights arrive in the morning, plan to spend several hours killing some time, i.e. nearby Portobello Road market, before you can get in your room. No air conditioning but unless you are there for a heat wave the climate is fine for sleeping with open windows in the summer.	
Jul 28 2006 	Nice Hotel but...	After reading several reviews on this site I decided to give this hotel a try.My wife, two teenage daughters and I stayed at this hotel on July 22nd. We had a Club room which can accomodate up to 4 people with a little shuffling around. The hotel is very well located close to Paddington station so we walked from the station to the hotel with our rollerboard style cases. The hotel is very nice mid range hotel. It was very clean and the staff was very nice and helpful. I had read earlier about unhelpful staff at this hotel. We did not see this.The room was clean and efficient but with 3 twin beds and a rollaway you can imagine we were short on space but it was manageable.Between the restaurants at the station and the surrounding area there is just about every kind of food you can want. We had dinner at a very nice Italian restaurant and bought some fresh fruit at a local market nearby.Also the bus tours stop just around the corner from the hotel.The real downside is that there is no air conditioning at this hotel. And this would not have been a problem except for the heat wave London was experiencing at the time. The hotel staff was kind enough to provide us with two fans but after one night we called it quits and booked another hotel. If it were any season but summer I would stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 11 2006	Good Hotel for your Money	The hotel was good. The staff was very friendly and helpful. It is also located very close to an underground stop where you have access to everything in London. You do have to be prepared though for the extremely tiny room. I think our room was about 6x9, but of course we werent there to spend time in the room. Even though it was small, it was very clean.	
Apr 20 2006 	Excellent value for money	We've stayed here four times and will be returning again. We have to visit london several times a year, and this is a great hotel for the money. This time we had a club room with four poster. Nice size, excellent decor and cleanliness, very comfortable. Small thing, we would have liked more light in the room! Even with all the lights on it was very dim, despite having a large window. One of our previous stays we had a 'room within a room' which I've never experienced before, but was very quiet as we didn't seem to have any neighbours. We've also been offered and turned down, having viewed it, the family room in the basement. It was also very hot &amp; very noisy, but no problems with us having a better room. The continental breakfast is good too, but please, let the tea brew before pouring it out! I've also noticed they keep their staff, which is always a good sign.Places to avoid eating in: Angus steak house - food cold, poor quality and expensive. They live off tourists who visit once and never return. We'd also avoid the other steak house (scotch steak house?)round the corner, same as above except food was hot and poor quality. ASK around the corner from the hotel are good for pizza, pasta around £50 for two including two courses and wine. Also The Golden Hinde on marylebone lane have fantastic fish &amp; chips and a great atmosphere £21 for two - worth it though. You need to keep heading down the lane and across several roads to find it! Garfunkels by paddington station are reliable, but predictable, standard TGIF style steaks, burgers, chips etc @£32.00 for two. No vegetarian options - unless you want salad. If you take a taxi book your own (not through reception!) or hail one. We had a taxi through reception and a bloke in an ordinary saloon car turned up and charged us £12 to Euston Station. The black cabs charge £7.40. He then had the cheek to play the 'don't think I have change' when I gave him £15. You are warned!	
Apr 11 2006	Excellent quality	we were a bit concerned about this hotel after reading some of the reviews posted here, we got an excellent deal for my fathers 65 birthday surprise present and after reading some of the reviews we were expecting nothing too special but we were miles off in our concernswe had a room in the basement which seems to have caused most of the complaints, a triple room, and it was excellent, the room had more than enough space for the three of us, the beds were comfy and the room and especially the bathroom were spotlessthe check in was painless and the breakfast which was a continental buffet and the full english was excellent, the staff were helpful and we got the impression that nothing would be a trouble to them i would not hesitate to tell anyone to go and stay here, good value, comfy and helpful staff, what more could anyone want	
Apr 4 2006	Recommended	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for four nights in March. The room was very clean and a decent size (we had no problems walking around *our* bed). The bathroom was larger than others I've experienced in European hotels. Someone who has never been to Europe and experienced small hotels or who is accustomed to large chain hotels in the U.S. should spend the extra money to stay somewhere else in London. We were happy, though, especially since we were in London to see London and not our hotel room. The hotel is just a block away from the Paddington tube stop, which was very convenient, and there are plenty of restaurants in the area. The hotel's continental breakfast was not a highlight, but you could certainly fill up on it if you wanted. We choose to go to a little cafe around the corner called Mimo's, where we got full English breakfasts.	
Mar 10 2006	Terrible!	If you intend to actually sleep, relax or indeed have any kind of piece and quiet then don't even consider staying here! (Room 306), the walls were paper thin, and every floorboard in the place seemed to squeak, it sounded like the person staying above us was rehearsing for Riverdance!. The room doors are directly onto a noisy corridor with people walking up and down with suitcases all night (also room 306 is right next to the lift). Also there was a large gap below the door, causing light to gush into the room from the extremely brightly lit corridor. Even if I could have slept through the noise and the light, then the furnace like temperature and the lumpy mattress would be sure to spoil your sleep!	
Mar 1 2006	great	Myself and my two children girl 16 and boy 12 stayed at the Quality Mon - Fri 20-24th feb half term hols .we stayed in the basement in a triple room , 3 beds a good hair dryer,iron,ironing board, trouser press,kettle . In the bathroom good bath and shower with soap shower gel/shampoo ( we forgot ours ) lovely towels . could not fault it , the only noise we heard was in the morning because we were across from the kitchen so the staff coming in and out slammed the door but it was only 2 mornings and it was not that bad .we didnt go in the bar at night or used the restaurant so cant say what they were like .did not deal with staff much only to check in and to check out we were not shown to our room but told were it was . lovely place and would go back .	
Feb 25 2006	Nice Hotel - Good Value	I must admit I was a bit wary about this hotel from some of the reviews posted. On arrival we were told that the room we'd booked wasn't available, so we were given a junior suite instead for self, wife and two kids. Good start. Room was nice, clean and recently decorated and a decent size by central London standards. Couldn't fault the staff, have to say I found them very pleasant and helpful. Like many other reviewers, I'd consider the breakfast a bit pricey and you can easily get the same nearby for a lot less. The one thing I couldn't quite get over were the ground floor rooms fronting on to the street. Walking by you could see the folks wandering around in their skivvies. Avoid if you're shy!Overall: Great location, nice hotel. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 9 2005	The worst hotel	I am really surprised to know that people will come back to this hotel again!I am so sorry to say that, apart from its location (very close to Paddinton station and Hyde park), I cannot see any good things in this so-called 3-star award winning hotel. It would be a great shame if it is still regarded as up to the european standard. The truth is that, it is the worst hotel in my UK trip. First of all, it is dirty. After lying on the bed, the blanket is keeping my body itchy until I remove the blanket. Secondly, the staff is not friendly and helpful. The official check-out time is 10:30am. When we ask for check-out at 11am, just half an hour later than the official check-out time, they simply turn down my request. The truth is that, we can still see people check-out at 11am or later. They never try their best to suit customer's need. Thirdly, the hotel is noisy!! The noise can wake you up as early as 5am! Do you know what double room in this hotel is? They just simply putting 2 single beds together and creating a &quot;bigger&quot; bed! Simply speaking, if you want a hotel which is close to Paddinton station and if you do not mind small room, noisy environment, dirty blanket, unfriendly staff, go and pick this hotel.	
Nov 2 2009 	Ausgezeichnet		
Oct 18 2009 	????????		
Aug 31 2009 	Accueil (reception) médiocre		
Aug 22 2009 	??????		
Oct 4 2008 	Hotel bien situado pero trato pésimo		
Jul 20 2008 	Certamente non può considerarsi un quattro stelle.		
May 11 2008 	Oui mais...		
Aug 2 2007 	nicht für Menschen die sich in kleinen Räumen nicht wohlfühlen		
Mar 18 2007	Bon hotel		
Feb 27 2007	Publicité mensongère ?!		
Feb 10 2007 	Wir waren sehr zufrieden!		
Mar 17 2006	Enges Bett und Zimmer - verkehrsgünstig gut gelegen		
