Nov 18 2009 	A pleasant stay	We chose the Renaissance Chancery Court for the competitive online advanced room rate and the fact that it was a 10 minute taxi ride to the theatre at which we were going to see a show.The building is very beautiful and classy as you enter the property through an archway and find yourself in a cobblestoned courtyard. The lobby is equally impressive. We received a warm welcome at reception and were very pleased with our Double Dleuxe Room, which was the biggest London hotel room we have ever stayed in and secured at the lowest price we have paid. It was also one of the cleanest hotel rooms we have stayed in and full credit should be given to the housekeeping staff for doing a great job.We highly recommend staying at the Renaissance Chancery Court and it will definitely be our first choice of hotel during our next stay in London. It offers good value rooms, excellent service and cleanliness throughout.	
Nov 16 2009 	Not as good as last time - standards have slipped	My partner and I stayed here for the second time in the last 12 mths. Our first stay was excellent and thus the repeat stayThe hotel is still very goof but some standards have slipped and the same attention to detail which is expected of a 5 star hotel is no longer in place. Naturally, the location i still very good. The rooms are still quite comfortable and the building is very impressive.Breakfast is also good - but if it's not included in your rate it does cost an extra £25 per person. Some of the items which have slipped in terms of standards were1. Extra charges - this was the saem as before but nonetheless frustrating given the price of the accomodation in the first place. All extras are charged for e.g. to enter the spa and just use the jacuzzi, sauna etc which in every other hotel I have ever stayed in as complimentary costs £25 per person per time in the Chancery court. Also there is no complimentary internet access either in the room or in the 'business centre'.2. Limited turdown service - i.e. they now only refresh towels and leave a sweet. Previously slippers and towels were laid out on the floor and bedsheets were turned down. Another small point that the hotel was supposed to be having a 'shanghai' themed month including leaving fortune cookies in the room at night - a nice idea. They ust have run out of fortune cookies becasue instead we receivec cheap childrenn's lollies with a sticker attached3. No complimentary slippers are now provided4. Watch out for extra charges especially on room service breakfats whereby the smallest 'extra' will cost £5 per item per head e.g. yoghury, fruit etcOverall, still a very good experience but for a hotel that was absolutely perfect the last time we stayed - it's not quite to the same standard now	
Nov 15 2009 	1st class London	This hotel was amazing. The rooms were spacious, with double bed an amenity most Americans are used to even at a Motel 6, but a rarity in the UK. Attentive and helpful staff and wonderful, relaxing stay. 	
Nov 10 2009 	Lovely hotel in nice location a little pricey when breakfast was included.	We stayed 4 nights. They allowed us to get into the room at about noon the day we arrived (a big help since we had a long overnight flight). The hotel itself is gorgeous. The room was spacious and very comfortable. The king size bed was much more comfortable than most hotel beds. The price (230 pounds + 15% tax) was reasonable for London, but did not include breakfast. We had 1 breakfast at the hotel buffet--45 pounds (about $73) for two---way over the top cost wise, then ate at nearby restaurants on other days. The Holborn underground station was only a few steps from the hotel.	
Nov 9 2009 	Great hotel not worth the 5 star price though	I think this hotel overall was wonderful. The minor things (outdated furniture, old TVs) could be overlooked and did not lead to me being slightly disappointed. What I did not care for was the attitudes displayed by the front desk. We booked a club room with lounge access and breakfast included through hotels.com. Neither of those things showed up on their system and although it did on our hotels.com confirmation they would not budge until they recieved written confirmation from hotels.com. We had to make a long distance call to hotels.com and get them to send an email, and I thought this was very tacky for the hotel to act this way. The servers at breakfast on both mornings were also quite tacky when they handed us the check to sign for and stated we could add a tip if we wanted. I don't know about other people, but I certainly know where you put the tip if you choose to do so and was slightly put off by being told that. Not to mention it is a buffet, what are you serving me?Overall I would go here again, but I would certainly not pay the 5 star rates they ask because I do not feel this is on par with other 5 star hotels. At best it is 4 stars.	
Nov 5 2009 	Great hotel great experience	We loved this hotel. We were fortunate to be upgraded to the concierge level. The room was large, quiet, and clean. The concierge lounge was one of the largest and nicest that I've seen. The Pearl restaurant (attached to the hotel) was expensive but exceptional. Location of the hotel is well within walking distance of all sites. All in all a great experience.	
Nov 4 2009 	Great value beautiful hotel!	We chose this place partly based on positive reviews on TripAdvisor. We were not disappointed! This place was an excellent value for what we paid (not sure if we just got an especially good rate or if they're always this reasonably priced, but it was definitely a huge plus.) The room was ready almost as soon as we got there and was extremely clean and comfortable. The staff was helpful and courteous when checking us in and we also made use of the knowledgeable concierge for getting around. It's in a very safe and easily accessible area and being so close to a tube stop is really, really handy. We were easily able to get around the city and see all the major tourist sites (and get on trains to do some sightseeing outside of the city.) The British Museum is within walking distance as are many dining and drinking options. We didn't make use of the hotel's spa or dining options but they looked good (if a bit pricey). We did have drinks at the bar on our last night in town and the service was decent. I would easily choose to stay at this hotel again next time I visit London (and there definitely will be a next time!)	
Nov 4 2009 	Expensive but worth it	We (myself, my wife and three children aged 1-11) stayed at the Chancery Court during the autumn half term holiday. This an excellent hotel; architecturally fascinating, quiet, well located, with spacious rooms and great service.Covent Garden, theatreland and the Briticsh Museum are all within walking distance, and there is a tube station just along the road. (For parents with small children there is a Sainsburys and superdrug within 100 yards also)Rooms were large and spotlessly clean. The children were made welcome by many staff and certainly tolerated by all. The concierge and doormen were very friendly and helpful also. My wife used the spa and was very impressed with the treatment she had.Any quibbles? Well, a bit more variety at the breakfast buffet would be welcome and plasma screen TV's in the rooms wouldn't go amiss but neither of these would prevent me from staying there again.This isn't a cheap hotel, but if you want spacious accomodation with top class facilities in a convenient, quiet location it's well worth considering.	
Nov 4 2009 	Fabulous Hotel and excellent value	I am so glad to have discovered this hotel. It is such a gem! The entrance and the lobby are simply beautiful, and the interior as a whole is lovely. The staff could not have been more helpful and courteous, and the children were very impressed by the bowls of chocolates on the reception counter! Our room was very nice, and our only complaint was that there was a lot of noise outside one night as deliveries were being made, and I could not sleep. However, when we mentioned this to the staff, they were very apologetic, and they said it would be no problem to change us to another room. We opted to stay, and the problem did not recurr. Breakfast in 'The Pearl' restaurant was excellent. I will definitely stay here again. It was expensive, but worth every penny.	
Oct 12 2009 	Elegant and full of character	This hotel was real treat. The hotel was tastefully decorately throughout and I believe the set for several UK period dramas. Our room was very spacious, and elegant. We did not eat in this hotel, or use any of the facilties. The loaction is very central and near the Strand, so great for the theatre. Holborn itself is very quiet in the evening though as it is more of a business area.Highly recommended, though it is pricey.	
Oct 11 2009 	Comfortable and good deal for the right price but not 5 star	We stayed here using our Marriott points. Even though I am a gold member, my status and special requests (extra towels) were not acknowledged nor were we given a room upgrade. I had to negotiate heavily to get a somewhat better room overlooking the courtyard, which was annoying given how long I have been a Marriott rewards member. The hotel was otherwise comfortable, and the porters and concierge staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful. Rooms were average (although the beds were very comfortable), with furniture that needs updating and old TVs - a letdown compared to the lavish lobby area. Internet access was a rip-off at 15GBP per day. The location was central and convenient to public transportation. I'd stay here again if the price were right, but this isn't a 5 star hotel. There are better values in London.	
Oct 11 2009 	The Pearl Bar	We found this bar by chance more than anything, they serve really delicious cocktails and canapes. Sadly we had already eaten else I think we would have enjoyed eating in the restaurant. They also had a talented singer/musician &quot;Rosabella Gregory&quot; there when we visited, we'll be back again when in London!	
Oct 11 2009 	No complaints whatsoever!	We stayed for a long weekend at the Chancery Court and found it to be one of the best hotels in London.Nothing was too much trouble. The employees were delightful: polite, welcoming and friendly- without exception. There appears to be no'stuffiness' or 'standing on ceremony' at this unbelievably sumptuous hotel.We were originally booked into a king room which overlooked the courtyard , but having asked for a higher floor we were then accommodated on the sixth floor in an executive room. I consider myself to be exceptionally fussy when it comes to general cleanliness and I can honestly say I couldn't find anything to complain about- and that's a first! The bedlinen is of an outstandingly high quality,(they will change it each day if required though it's not very eco friendly) all fixtures and fittings in the room/bathroom are of an excellent standard and the room we had was spacious, well equipped and quiet. The White Company toiletries (four bottles in all plus 2 soaps) are of a decent size and a welcome change from those cheap offerings some hotels provide. There are plenty of fluffy towels etc as well as individually wrapped cotton buds and cotton wool pads - a must for any girl! The beds were incredibly comfortable and the down pillows fresh and light. There are other little touches that make the stay just that little bit more luxurious but they are too numerous to mention, but typical of the high end Marriott hotels.The hotel's situation is perfect for the British Museum, Covent Garden, Soho etc. and all within easy walking distance. Hollborn tube is literally on the doorstep!Having read other reviews of this hotel we decided to heed the advice and avoid the very expensive restaurant and bar though there are plenty of restaurants within a few minutes of the hotel and a little research on toptable.com or bookatable.com will throw up some good eateries! Breakfast itself is also expensive at £25 per head but we decided to treat ourselves. It's the regular help yourself buffet style, though quite why they charge so much is baffling!As one might expect of a top Marriott hotel, the service is discreet, slick yet timely. It all seemed to work like a well oiled machine.It was a a perfect stay in a perfect hotel.	
Oct 11 2009 	A really good location and lovely spacious refurbished building	A very well renovated monolithic former insurance company headquarters provides a really spacious environment with a lovely internal court yard for taxis to turn into. You can walk to all the theatres and St Paul's the other way. Not too touristy and this part of Central London has interesting shops and is not crowded by hordes of backpackers in summer.Has the same problem as all Central London hotels of having non native staff internally who culturally have little or no understanding of the nuances of what British expect in a top flight hotel. Apart from that a very good stay and well worth experiencing. The one English Concierge, a former jockey, is a star.	
Oct 10 2009 	We loved this hotel.	This is one of my all time favorite hotels. We stayed here five nights while visiting London. Our room was wonderful. The shower even had a full shower curtain instead of the half door so common in Europe. We would love to go back to London and stay here again.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great location and luxury too"	We love this hotel. It is about 10 minutes' walk from Convent Garden. The rooms are good-sized, well-furnished and so nicely quiet. The hotel is gorgeous, converted from an old Lloyds of London building. Off of Chancery Court, but set back from the road with a private courtyard. Private after-hours bar for guests. Only complaint: Like all upscale hotels, they give you nothing. No breakfast, no free wireless, etc. A long-standing issue of mine. If you're paying a fortune for a room, why can't these hotels afford to throw in these small extras?	
Oct 8 2009 	Extremely comfortable but not spectacular	The best thing about this hotel was the bed. The best night's sleep ever! Chancery Court is positioned in a great location right by the tube and within walking distance to many attractions. We were close to restaurants, groceries, the British Museum, and the theatre district. The hotel staff was pleasant and even gave me a free hour of internet ( I think the cost was outrageous).	
Oct 8 2009 	Classy London hotel near theatres and the British Museum	This lovely historic property is very charming and does not feel like it's part of hotel chain (Marriott), yet it provides the consistent level of service expected from a leading hospitality company. Rooms are small compared to the USA, but at least above average for Europe. Our bathroom was large and well appointed with two sinks. If you are a &quot;light&quot; sleeper, request a room with a courtyard view (not a great &quot;view&quot; but quiet) and not a connecting room (noise from next room). Access to the executive lounge is worth the upgrade; wonderful European breakfast with customer prepared coffee beverages and evening canapés with honor bar. The executive lounge service was probably the most personable service we encountered at any hotel or restaurant during our eight-day trip! They went out of their way to remember our names and beverage choices. Access to the Holborn Tube stop is within one block, and many outstanding west end theatres are within a 10 minute walk, very nice on a beautiful autumn evening. - Note: The spa is every expensive (30 British pds for one-time access, not per day), and is not complimentary for Marriott Platinum Premier members - a disappointment.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel in London	The Chancery Court is well located, within a block of the underground, and near many good restaurants. Our room was huge for a European hotel, and the staff were very accommodating. We wold definitely stay here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very nice hotel	Spent four nights here out of a two week trip to England/France. The hotel has a very nice ambience from the front architecture and courtyard entrance, to the lovely smell of the lobby, to the beautiful marble staircase. Very nice, quiet, and large (even by American standards) rooms. The room was very clean with comfortable beds, and had a sitting area which gave us plenty of room for four adult-size people. This was very welcome after staying in a number of smaller European hotels. The location was perfect for us. There are many restaurants within walking distance in all price ranges (fast food to fine dining), and there is a tube stop very close by, with a grocery store right across the street from the tube stop. Tour companies will pick you up at this hotel which was a very nice convenience. We booked a rate that included breakfast which I recommend, as breakfast in the hotel restaurant was ridiculously expensive, and the food quality certainly does not fit the expense. We had one minor incident with a waiter trying to bill us again for a breakfast which was included in our rate, but it was quickly and nicely handled at the front desk. We did a lot of homework before deciding on this hotel, and we were very happy with our choice. After running like mad all over the city of London, it was nice to have such a comfortable place to come back to.	
Sep 25 2009 	Perfect choice for vacationing Americans	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 8 days in early September and thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of the experience. The rooms were very large, with all conveniences Americans are used to in an upperclass hotel. They even had American-style 110volt electric outlets. The location I think is absolutely perfect. It is walking distance to Covent Garden and the British Museum and there are numerous restaurants and pubs in the neighborhood. The Ship Tavern is on a tiny lane next to the hotel and is a great pub (est. 1549). Next to the pub is a great Thai restaurant. Down the street, across from the Underground station is a full fledged supermarket. Great neighborhood from which to base your London adventure.	
Sep 21 2009 	Don't believe the hype	I'm very surprised that Chancery Court made into TOP20.Believe it is not worthy or perhaps just made it because of the impressive building what it is?Foyer is beautiful,staff is below 5* standards,upgraded to a superior room and whoever said it has american feel?was wrong ,the room was a size of a matchbox.Linen was crisp as expected,TV and entertainment system were from last century!So I guess it makes it antique.On top of that charming cockney wedding function on My floor-NICE.However for some novice 5* traveller or a good deal hunter it may suit.	
Sep 15 2009 	Very Marriott	I found this hotel to be very much in the Marriott chain mold. It lacks the charm of the great building in which the hotel is. It could be so much more. You might have trouble guessing which Marriott brand this hotel wants to be. The rooms are very typically business American. The front desk staff is young and at times unaccommodating and even gruff. Upon check in I felt as if I was being dealt with as an inconvenience. I stayed there for more than a week and I thought the hotel was being stingy with upgrades and/or amenities given my length of stay. The high fees for wired internet was absurd. On the other hand the porter staff and concierge were great. Breakfast was expensive. So we just ate elsewhere nearby. Beware of what they call an executive room upgrade It was barely bigger than a deluxe room. Don't stay in rooms on the &quot;first&quot; floor. They are spread among the business meeting rooms and quite noisy early in the morning due to staff setting up buffets in the meeting rooms. Ask for a room on 2nd floor or above facing the courtyard. It is a Marriott in every sense of the word and that is what you should expect.	
Sep 11 2009 	Exquisite Hotel With Charming But Sometimes Inexperienced Staff	My wife and I love the RCC and returned last month for our anniversary. The hotel is very beautiful and opulently and sympathetically modern. The downsides: front desk staff inexperienced and I had an annoying and awkward negotiation at check-in to receive the benefits I am entitled to as a Marriott Rewards elite member. It was sorted out fine in the end and our room was large, comfortable and well-appointed. We ordered room service which, although of a high standard, was very expensive. The executive lounge is a lovely, bright and comfortable room but the canapes choice is limited and, as others have noted, is served at specific times only.One thing to watch out for is internet access, which is inconvenient and eye-wateringly expensive: £30 I think for 24hrs. Even if one pays that, wireless access is available only in the lobby - not in guest rooms, nor even in the executive lounge.The upsides, however, far outweigh the negative. This is truly a luxury, character hotel whose beauty transcends that of ordinary 5* hotels. The staff is also uniformly charming and goes out of its way to help. Rooms, restaurants and public areas are all very comfortable; bedding is exceptionally good. Breakfast in Pearl is great too and, contrary to other reviews, eggs *are* available to order. Staff there was also fantastic, so much so that we were in stitches laughing with them.My recommendation would be to skip the exec lounge rooms if you have to pay for that and book a breakfast-inclusive rate instead. There is little benefit from the exec rooms because there is no internet access, no free booze and restrictive free snacks. Better to eat and drink in the lobby bar at times to suit yourself. For internet, use a nearby cafe or, for very brief access, you might be happy using the (chargeable) PCs in the business centre.	
Sep 10 2009 	Oversized rooms but lack of good service	My husband and me travel Marriott as soon as we can, since we are Marriott Rewards members. I was very happy as I found a good rate on Renaissance Chancery Court – weekend rate of 310 GP for 2 nights. I booked the room for my husband, my 9-month old son and me. In the end, the baby did not join us during the trip, but, having a reservation for three persons, we were given a HUGE room. The hotel is surely beautiful, and it has some nice features:1. the location, two minutes walk from Holburn Tube station and in a very nice neighborhood (with some cosy restaurants nearby, a Mac Donald’s with free WiFi just opposite the building, a Starbucks Cafè and a mini-market);2. the décor – the building is stunning from outside and also the hall is magnificent;3. the rooms which are oversized (even more if you consider that you are in London), well decorated and cosy, with a big bathroom, although forniture is getting little old.What disappointed me a little with this hotel was the service. Marriott associates are usually very nice and show a strong “can-do” attitude – that’s the “spirit to serve” which is the company motto. Well, associates at Renaissance seemed to come from a low budget chain – I had some problems with my Marriott Rewards statement and nobody cared of me (a trainee girl told me to call the hotline since she did not know what to do); plus I had to asked three times to the housekeeping to remove from the room the baby coat they had provided for my son (since I did not need it). In the end, since nobody ever did, I had to remove it myself… Surely it should not happen in a 5 star hotel.That is why I will give this hotel just 4 out of 5 scores.I would suggest the Renaissance to my friends though, mainly because of the central location and of the beauty of its rooms.	
Sep 10 2009 	Superb for long stays	I stayed at the Chancery Court for 8 weeks in succession and loved it. The first week I was given a room on the first floor with a street view. The noise from the street and even the washing machine downstairs disappointed me, but for the 7 last weeks I stayed in rooms with a garden or backyard view on floors 3,4 and 5. Rooms are quite large for London and the interior is very tasteful and complement the beautiful, old building the hotel is located in. Service in this hotel is magnificent - the best I have ever experienced! Staff are very attentive and friendly and do their best to deliver 5 star service. I had two incidents where the iron in my room left stains on my shirt. No questions asked, they cleaned it and delivered it to my room promptly with apologies.Renaissance Chancery Court is located very close to Holborn subway station which makes it ideal if you are working in the city and want to head west for diner or entertainment in Soho or Covent Garden.	
Sep 6 2009 	Didn't live up to 5 star expectations	The hotel is easy to find and within walking distance from Euston station and is on the same road as Holborn tube station. The interior is nice, clean and spacious, but is in need of updating e.g. no flat screen TV, old fashioned furniture etcThe thing that disappointed was the staff, although polite, that was all they were. The reception felt frosty and the even the Doorman seemed to judge as we arrived (He gave us a look of disgust for some reason?). None of the staff went out of their way or offered any help with anything. If they had been more friendly and and less stiff, then this would have been the perfect stay. We would only stay again if the price was very good and less than what we paid this time (£175 for 1 night). Overall disappointing for a 5 star and a Marriott at that.	
Aug 30 2009 	Not quite what I expected :-(	Let me start this review by saying my expectations were particularly raised after reading all the positive comments about this hotel on trip advisor, and I have high expectations anyway.The weekend of 21st Aug was our 25th Anniversary and after lots of aborted plans we decided to go to London for the weekend as we've done many times before. As a Marriott Rewards member we normally stay at West India Quay but a bit of research revealed that the Jubilee line on the underground was shut so we decided to stay somewhere more central.Chancery Court is definately a great location, walkable to Covent Garden, Oxford Street, Leicester Square etc. but is within the congestion charge zone.As it was a special occasion I decided to book a higher grade room than normal so booked a lounge access room. I did notify the hotel that the trip was for our anniversary.We arrived at approximately 5pm on Friday night after having booked earlier that day through the hotel website. We valet parked (£35/day) and were greeted by very friendly professional staff. At check in we were greeted warmly and congratulated on our 25 years together. We were given our room keys and made our way up to room 301.The door to the room itself was in the lobby area of the lifts and I was a little concerned that we'd be disturbed by the noise of the lift. This however didn't happen as the bathroom was between the bed area and the lift shaft. The bathroom was beautiful but the room was no different in my opinion to the standard Marriott bedroom. ( a bit disappointing considering I was paying over £100/night more than at the West India Quay) At 5ft 5 inches I could only just see out of the small window which looked out onto the inner court yard. This is actually a good thing if you like quiet rooms as the hotel is on a major road. Every thing else about the room was very standard.The executive lounge on the third floor was at the front of the hotel but evening services here are of little use if you plan to go out at night and see a show. Canapes start at 5.30pm until 7.30 pm then desserts are served until 10 30pm(week days) or 9.30 pm (on sat ) along with alcohol (that you pay for) As most shows start at 7.30 pm you really don't get to utilise the services of the lounge in the evenings but it is a quiet place to retreat. Personally do not think it's worth the extra you pay unless you intend to stay in the hotel all day and night!!The building of the hotel is pretty impressive and the public areas very well decorated and maintained.The evening turndown service was virtually non existent. Our bed was not turned down but the chocolates placed on the bedside table, our cups/glasses had not been cleared, bins not emptied, I had left Iron and board out as we were in a rush to go out and these too were left, for a Five Star hotel I'd have expected this to be put away. Our teabags were replaced but the teapot left with the cold tea in. (At West India Quay these would have all been cleaned and replaced)On Saturday we went to the lounge for breakfast but they were only serving continental so we ventured to the restaurant where we were escorted to what can only be described as coffee tables to eat our breakfast from. The service in here was very slow, I had to wait 15 mins for milk to be replaced in the urn for my cereal and although there was a cooked breakfast buffet there was no egg chef! Again a bit of a poor show for a 5 star hotel that charges £25+ per person for breakfast!We also decided that day to book dinner in the Pearl restaurant to celebrate our anniversary only to find when calling guest services that the restaurant was closed until 2nd September!! this was not mentioned on their website. They offered us the lounge for dining which we decided to take. At 6.30 pm we ordered 2 x steak and chips (not particularly celebratory but the choice was limited) there were only 4 other tables of 2-4 people and we didnt order starters as we needed to leave at 7.20 pm to get to our show. After waiting for 40 mins our steak arrived which we then had to rush to eat but still ended up being late for our show. Not exactly a special treat :-(By Sunday morning all I wanted to do was go home so after breakfast...another slow affair we packed up and left the Chancery Court.Now to be fair the hotel is very nice and had we just been there for a normal weekend away I'd have probably been happy with my choice even if the rooms are pricey, but for a special occasion it just wasn't special enough and did not live up to my expectations. I wish now that I'd stuck to my original decision of trying Claridges or the Connaught which was only slightly more expensive but I'm sure we'd have had a wonderful experience.	
Aug 19 2009 	Wonderful Hotel!	The hotel is absolutely beautiful. You really feel like you're in London. The scent from the spa greets you as you enter. The staff is professional, very friendly and very accommodating. The room and bathroom were current, well appointed, and very clean. Good sized rooms. The main restaurant and breakfast buffet are expensive, but the food in The Lobby restaurant was more reasonable and still delicious. There are also many local eateries nearby. The hotel is very conveniently located to the tube (Holborn station, exit High Holborn street, and the hotel is just a short walk down). The least expensive way from Gatwick airport is to take the train (regular, not the Gatwick Express. Plus it only takes an extra 10 minutes and is much cheaper) to Victoria Station, then the underground/tube to Holborn. You can buy tickets for the whole journey at the airport. We could walk to the British Museum and Bond Street shopping. The hotel was well priced and definitely worth the stay. We would stay again.	
Aug 17 2009 	Lovely hotel great location...would stay again in a heartbeat!	This was about my 25th trip to London, but the first time without any business attached! My husband and I stayed at the Remiassance Chancery Court and were delighted with the hotel. Our room was huge by London standards, with clean, attractive furnishings. The high ceilings made the rooms feel even more spacious. The bathroom was quite nice, with granite double sinks and plenty of towels. The only toiletry that I wish they would have supplied was hair conditioner to go with the shampoo. But since I had checked ahead, I brought my own. There was also a safe, mini-bar (with plenty of extra room so we could store our own supplies in there), ironing board/iron, and white robes. We were really very pleased with our room (which overlooked the inner courtyard.)I had emailed ahead to see if we could check in early upon arriving from our trans-Atlantic flight and the Front Desk was happy to accomodate us right away. That was a real plus in their favor! Since I am a Marriott Gold, we were given access to the Club Room, which included some nice perks: Continental breakfast (fruit, pastries, cold meats and cheeses, smoked fish, yogurts, cereal, etc.), non-alcoholic drinks all day (coffee, tea, soda, water), hors d'oeuvres from 5:30 to 7:30, desserts from 7:30 to 11 PM. They also had an honor bar in the evening. My only complaint was that I was told we would get a paper delivered every day as a Gold, and we never got one! But we snagged one from the Club Room each day, so that wasn't a problem. But it was weird, because you could see that others did get their paper delivered. I suppose we could have complained, but it didn't seem worth it!We really didn't use the restaurants or bars in the hotel, except for the Club Room. They looked pretty pricey, and there are so many reasonably priced places nearby. Which brings me to location, it was excellent. As others have said, it is a short, safe walk to Covent Garden. The Holburn tube (1/2 block away) is so convenient since it has 2 lines (Picadilly and Central lines) there. If you are looking for a nice pub close by, try one of these: The Ship Tavern (tucked behind the Holburn tube stop, around from the Pret a Manger) and the Princess Louise (run by Samuel Smith's), about 1 block down High Holburn past the tube stop. Also, for great food and good value, go to Savoir Faire (about 4 blocks down the road) for their pre-theatre dinner menu. Quite nice and really reasonable. Although our best meal of the week was at Clos Maggiore in Convent Garden, about a 10 minute walk.If you have any questions about this property or the location, please feel free to send me a message with questions!	
Aug 16 2009 	Nice hotel good location.	We stayed in London 6 nights as part of a 3 wk. trip to Europe mostly using hotel points. Our favorite London Marriott property, County Hall, wasn't available and I chose the Renaissance Chancery Court largely based on TripAdvisor reviews. Although County Hall remains our favorite, the Renaissance comes in second - and well ahead of the other hotels where we've stayed in London. The proximity to the fascinating and lovely Inns of Court is probably the reason we &quot;discovered&quot; that area this trip. Nice hotel, friendly and helpful staff, pleasant part of London, and very good location.	
Aug 12 2009 	Fabulous beyond expectations	The hotel is fabulous, from check in to check out, everything was perfect. Magnificent grand hotel. Rooms very large, Ours was huge with a wonderful bathroom very luxurious. Concierge recommended great restaurants, and we bought our london eye tickets there (no add on fee). Food in club room was very nice. hotel is in a great location central to everythingCouldn't have been better! (well except free wi-fi would have been nice).	
Aug 9 2009 	Loved it	This is a very beautiful hotel, a renovated insurance building. The marble is amazing. We were upgraded but it is obvious all rooms were great. (I peaked at one being serviced.)The staff were fantastic. To be honest, we chose the hotel because of the Princess Cruises pre-cruise choice but we booked on our own. I am really glad we did. It was a bit more than we planned but it was really an opportune choice.The staff were helpful and we got to see some sights. I would stay again in a heartbeat.Great location too. Oh, when we slept, we never heard a sound.	
Aug 9 2009 	Would stay here again!	When we booked at the Chancery Court, we relied heavily on the reviews on Tripadvisor and also the fact that my husband is a Marriott rewards member and we were not disappointed with our choice. The room was spacious, comfortable, and clean. If you are planning on using the Tube, there is a station right around the corner.	
Aug 8 2009 	An address of Luxury	My third stay at this hotel, i stayed for 2 weeks. With a 7 month infant. I changed rooms twice since i had arrived, and it didn't seem to bother any of the staff, they were extremely nice and welcoming. One of the most comfortable beds you can sleep on. The room i finally stayed in, was a roomy one. The color scheme is typical British, not very lit, but we were there mostly at night anyway. The rates are high as usual, does not justify the stay, but the location is away from all the noise of the summer travelers. Great breakfat buffet, wide selection.No wireless internet throughout the hotel though, could really make a difference.	
Aug 2 2009 	Overall Very pleased with this selection	While I was not quite sure of the level of comfort and the value of the location of this hotel, I found that after four days I was quite pleased with most aspects of this hotel. Check in was very attentive and provided me with a room with a king sized bed even though i arrived at 10.00am form the States. Everyone was quite nice and provided efficient service across the board. The room itself was comfortable a good sized for one and in very good shape. They apologized for the small bathroom but I found it to be quite sufficient. They did skimp a bit on bathroom basics but I made due. I want to say how reasonable I found the room rate to be for such a nice hotel during summer in London.On the other hand, I would not recommend ordering room service as it can quickly become very expensive. No matter a few steps out the front door and there is an abundance of eating establishments. One small complaint, the selection of television channels was weak for an significant hotel in a major urban area, and the room clock needs to be upgraded.Overall I would recommend and would stay there again without question. Great Covent Garden/ SOHO location and very convenient to everything via the tube.Job well done	
Jul 27 2009 	Perfect!	What a lovely place, the staff are friendly, courteous, helpful and efficient. We only stayed one night and our room was superb. A very good location very close to attractions but quiet and peaceful. The breakfast was fantastic and on a Sunday breakfast is served until midday - what a treat if you feel like it!! I would highly recommend this hotel and will no doubt be staying again.	
Jul 25 2009 	A magnificent hotel for those with deep pockets	At first glance, this building looks like a palace, as you enter through an archway into a baroque-style courtyard. It is the most elegant hotel I’ve ever seen. It’s a bit surprising to discover that the original building was merely an insurance company headquarters. In 1998, Marriott gutted and reconstructed this historic building, and the end result is amazing. You will, however, pay for this experience. In July 2009, the rate through the Marriott website was 250 pounds/night (plus tax) on weekdays, and 158 pounds/night on weekends. Thus, if you have flexibility, plan your visit during the weekend and get out of London on the weekdays – probably sound advice for any London hotel. My room was spacious and immaculate, and the employees’ attitudes were friendly and helpful to a fault. Any review should mention some negatives: Due to the building’s design, there are very long hallways for some customers, and few rooms have a desirable view. The windows are unopenable, although the a/c was dependable. Fees for ancillary services are very high. An “English breakfast” delivered to your room will run 31 pounds (including service charge). Getting a shirt washed will cost 7.80 pounds. A gin and tonic in the bar cost me 9.80 pounds (including service charge). However, you can avoid such prices by patronizing the numerous businesses in the neighbourhood, which is safe to walk at all hours. Two reasonably-priced restaurants, Pizza Express and Villandry Kitchens, are across the street in a competing hotel. Walk out the hotel to the left (west) and then south (downhill) on Kingsway, and you’ll encounter the Cafe Belgo (Belgian) and Café Rouge (French), both of which I strongly recommend for a reasonable meal in an informal setting. The immediate area also has dry cleaners, pubs, drug stores, fast food, and a supermarket. The theatre district is a pleasant 20 minute walk, or else take the tube from the nearby Holborn Station.	
Jul 24 2009 	Top Notch London Hotel	I have lost count of the hotels I have stayed at in London, but this is the only one I will repeatedly stay in. Location is convenient as just round the corner from Holburn station and the building is beautiful. The staff are about as polite as you're going to get when in London and the rooms are great and make up for the slightly curt welcome that you recieve. Some of the rooms are split over 2 levels, but they are all really spacious for London and the beds are so comfy.Not the cheapest of hotels, but you do get what you pay for.	
Jul 19 2009 	amazing	We stayed here last year for three nights as part of a london/paris trip. Its location is perfect. It's just far enough away from the insanity of all the tourest attractions to be in a quiet area but close enough to reach anything in the city by the tube or taxi. The building is beautiful &amp; the rooms are great.	
Jul 10 2009 	Fantastic	Great hotel in a brilliant central location - just around the corner from theatreland and Covent Garden. Loved the ambiance of this hotel, rooms are very spacious and Pearl restaurant and its bar are very impressive. Nothing to fault - will be back.	
Jul 10 2009 	Very Nice Hotel and Great Location	My wife and I stayed at the Chancery Court for six nights in June 2009. This is a beautiful hotel in the heart of London. The room was spacious and the staff was always pleasant and helpful. We had no problems whatsoever with the hotel during our stay.The hotel is located within 1/2 block of the tube stop so traveling around the city is very convenient. There are numerous restaurants and pubs within short walking distance. We did not eat at any of the restaurants in the hotel, but the bar was very nice in the evening for a drink and snack or dessert. There is a very convenient pastry shop next to the hotel for morning coffee and muffin or fruit so that you can avoid the high cost of a breakfast in the hotel.We would highly recommend the hotel and will definitely stay here again.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great hotel and great staff!	Very comfortable and beautiful hotel in a great location in London! Great breakfast which was included in my stay. The restaurant there is beautiful! The staff there was especially great to my two year old son Michael. I swear everyoneon staff knew3 his name and greated him when ever they saw him. They also left a personal note on his bed one night with a little teddy bear which he LOVED! I would definalty stay here again!	
Jul 2 2009 	They have never let us down	I don't know how they do it at this hotel, but it is always clear that every staff person you encounter really cares about the service provided.The rooms are huge compared to any we have seen in London, they are well appointed, spotless, and very comfortable.I've heard concerns about the lack of flat screen TV's.....who cares, the TV's they have work fine and &quot;fit in&quot; with the decor. Everything is well thought through and the physical plant, as far as I'm concerned, is great!We even had our friends who live in Acton-On-Trussel come to London and see a play with us, we put them up at the hotel overnight as it is so comfortable and welcoming. I don't know how they do it so consistently	
Jul 1 2009 	Super stay on points	We stayed for a week using Marriott Rewards points and were completely happy at the Renaissance Chancery Court. As Platinum MR members we were upgraded to a lovely room on the concierge floor which was ultra convenient to the lounge although the room had a zero view. I did not really care and it was quiet. The lounge offered free non-alcoholic drinks all day and also provided a nice european breakfast of meats, cheeses, breads,cereals, yogurts, fruits etc, in the morning and fancy finger snacks in the evenings with a tasty assortment of desserts after. We are very low maintenance guests and didn't ask for, or use, any other hotel services beyond using the business area (free) to check in for a flight to Scotland at the end of our stay.As mentioned in many reviews this hotel is lovely and in a great location and I can confirm it treats its rewards members very well.	
Jul 1 2009 	Once was my favorite but no longer . . . .	While the Chancery Court is nicely located for the theatre, inns of court, and tube access, things no longer work as they should. The a/c cannot cool the room in summer, the toilets often flush poorly, and when you call for service, nothing happens until you wait and then call a second time. The concierge service sometimes is very good but sometimes is horrible. Service generally is poor. When I asked for extra towels, the front desk accused me of trying to sneak in extra guests! The hotels now seems to cater to weddings and has little interests in the occasional guest (I have stayed there 5 times over the last 4 years). Many of the rooms are very small and there rarely is furniture to hold your clothes if you want to unpack.	
Jun 29 2009 	Good Location	When we arrived check in was swift , we had booked a room with 2 twin beds which was on our booking in form although not guarenteed. During check in we were told the hotel had no rooms with twin or 2 double beds available but we had a nice room over looking the park, I would debate this as when we looked out of the window there were various buildings and the park was in the distance, not what i would call a room over looking the park. We werent told either you had to stick your door key in a slot by the door for the lights to workAs we arrived around tea time my friend asked the conceirge for recommended restaurants, the first gentleman said he had only been here a week, so she asked another gentleman and he like the previous reviewer was vague about where to eat also. Something to watch out for is if you have breakfast in your room even though it is included and you pay a tray charge you will be charged the breakfast. in our case £52.00which i feel is a bit of a rip off.The saving grace of this hotel is it's location to Covent Garden and the theatres all in walking distance, lots of restaurants, we finally ate in Sophies on Drury Lane the food and service was excellent.	
Jun 28 2009 	Nice Hotel but...	The CCH is a grand building. Vigilant, helpful and friendly doormen provide a sense of security out front. Check-in was easy. Nice big, clean, comfortable room. Decent TV choices; including a financial channel.Everything was great until I tried to use the 15-pound per day internet. At first there was no connection which turned out to be a disconnected wires from wall (both internet and phone). After plugging things in I was still unable to connect to the internet. Called for assistance and was told there was a slight problem which they could fix on their end in about 5 minutes. I purchased one day of internet. Got connected, checked a few things on the web then went out on the town. I came back after midnight to find no connection again and figured my &quot;day&quot; had expired. Went to bed unsure if I'd buy a second day. Day 2 (late in the day) I decided to use the internet again. When I called the hotel to buy my second day I was told there was still an hour or more left on my time from the previous day. The person helping me said she saw my connection had been down. This got fixed and I asked to purchase another day of service. The connection lasted only a short while before I had to call back. This on again off again thing went on for a while. I called back at least twice more due to breeched connectivity. Finally they said they would reboot something to make it better. Eventually the internet connection worked fine. I was given a lot of apologies, but still charged with the 2 full days even though my access was limited and it was frustrating getting it set up.Another weird thing happened which was really incongruent with the hotel's image. I asked the concierge for a restaurant recommendation specifying I was interested in a good dinner while I was in London. I even said the cost was not important to me. The concierge recommended a small Italian place, one I could walk to from the hotel. He said &quot;You won't be disappointed&quot;. It seemed a little strange to be going to an Italian place but I went based on the enthusiastic recommendation. When I got there it seemed there was nothing special about the place with people wearing t-shirts and flip-flops. Maybe some kind of a gem? Nope, it turned out to be just an ordinary place with average to below-average food and super slow service. A disappointment.I should have just eaten at the hotel. The following day I had lunch at Peals Restaurant which turned out to be the best meal I had in London. Pricey but very good food, nice wine and outstanding service.The internet problems and the bizarre restaurant recommendation from the concierge negatively affected my stay at this hotel. Too bad. I'll probably try another place next time.	
Jun 28 2009 	Very Nice hotel for families impeccable service !	Our room was an executive room, large with 2 queen beds, and a pretty big marble bathroom (shower &amp; bathtub). We were facing the courtyard and it was a bit dark but so quiet. We traveled with our children and had plenty of space, we later found out the coffee machine inside a drawer, right under the safe box. Funny location. Anyway, the hotel was very elegant with impeccable service. Walking distance from Covent Garden and restaurants. Starbucks coffee across the street and several other snacks, grocery store. This area is a bit more quiet over the week-end as it's located in the business district. Overall we had a wonderful stay at the Chancery Court in London.	
Jun 25 2009 	Beautiful hotel excellent location	Walking distance to the shows in West End, close to Holborn tube station. The hotel is beautifully appointed, very elegant. The desk staff and concierge were helpful. The room had an incredibly comfortable bed, plenty of light, quiet, and a US plug for my laptop. Shower head height was too low for my 6' tall husband. I used AMEX Membership rewards points to book the room, but it would have been well worth the price.	
Jun 24 2009 	Gorgeous Hotel	This was my second stay at the Renaissance Chancery Court. As before, the room was wonderful (Junior Suite). I actually requested the same room from my stay in November of 2006, and it was just as nice as I had remembered it. The staff is very accomodating and the concierge is superb! Our favorite thing about this hotel is its location - just a block away from the Holborn station (which has direct stops on the Central Line to most of the attractions, and only a quick change for the ones that are not direct). The Picadilly Line from Holborn station will take you straight to Heathrow Airport for much less than a taxi :-) The British Museum is within walking distance, as well as several fantastic restaurants.	
Jun 22 2009 	Loved this hotel I will be staying here on my next trip!	We arrived at the hotel early and were very tired. We probably had to wait an hour and half until we could check in, so we just sat in the lobby on the comfy sofas. The staff were extremely nice, giving us maps and showing us the marble staircase where they filmed a scene from The Bourne Identity. The lobby's flower display was just beautiful, I love orchids. The room was very nice, although the tv seems outdated compared to the rest of the hotel, but who really needs to watch tv when you're on vacation? The bathroom was very nice with the marble countertops. It was nice to be a couple minutes walk to Holbourn station, which we used to get everywhere. I really enjoyed my stay at the Renaissance and will definitely stay there on my next trip to London.	
Jun 22 2009 	Nice building service but disappointing room.	Maybe I expected too much but I came away from my stay here a little disappointed. For sure its an elegant building with lots of attentive staff but the room I stayed in was small, a little old fashioned and dare I say a little frayed around the edges. Its your typical high end chain hotel once your in the bedroom and left me a little cold. There was no tea/coffee making facilities, the internet charges were extortionate and don't get me started on the minibar prices. If I were to just rate the building/courtyard and lobby area then I would give it it 5 stars but the room was a let down.	
Jun 17 2009 	FABULOUS!	We hit the jack pot with this hotel! Beautiful hotel inside and out! Our room was large, up to date, beautiful, good beds, large marble bathroom etc..... We traveled with our children and had 2 queen beds. There was not a couch but could have easily fit one in the room. Marriott ran a special, stay 3 nights and pay for 2. Great location, 1/2 block to the tube, and centrally located, busy area but just out of the craziness of a full blown tourist area. Would go back to this hotel in an instant! Great staff too!	
Jun 8 2009 	Brilliant as usual	This was our second stay at the Renaissance Chancery Court after several years of trying other London hotels. We won't stay anywhere else in London after this trip. The Renaissance is located in a beautiful, historic building, with clean, huge rooms, beautifully appointed, helpful staff, proximate to both the Holborn Tube and numerous sights, and featuring one of London's best restaurants (Pearl) as the &quot;hotel restaurant.&quot; What more could one ask for?	
Jun 8 2009 	Great hotel Great location	Got a very good deal for triple room for 2 nights bed &amp; breakfast. Very central hotel, walk to covent gardens approx 5 mins, leicester square 10 mins. safe and busy area plenty of restaurants and pubs nearby. good choice of breakfast and bell hops fantastic service. Rooms very big compared to other hotels in London. Will definately stay here again!!!	
Jun 7 2009 	Very elegant hotel excellent location	We stayed at the Renaissance Chancery Court on a Saturday night in a deluxe room. Initial impressions were excellent, the lobby, courtyard, and exterior were of a very elegant decor. The room was spacious with dressing gowns supplied. The location is a 5min walk to Covent Garden and approx 8mins to the start of Oxford Street. Would definately stop there again.	
Jun 6 2009 	Afternoon Tea	Met up with family and friends for Afternoon Tea. The tea was rather disappointing with some dry sandwiches with so little filling you could hardly tell what it was. The cakes were ordinary and the cup cakes dry. The staff were attentive. All in all not a lot for the £21.00 per head and a cheek to add 12.5% service charge. Not at all value for money, certainly something we would not be repeating.	
Jun 5 2009 	Satisfactory Short Stay	Regretfully, I was only able to stay for one night. I was impressed with this hotel on all accounts. It was in a convenient location - directly around the corner from the Holborn Station - and I was able to get an amazing rate for what turned out to be a high-class hotel. I wouldn't hesistate to stay here again. In fact, I WILL stay here for my next visit across the pond.	
Jun 4 2009 	Excellent!!!	The hotel is just beautiful - from the lobby, to the rooms, to the bar. We loved it. The best aspect was the size of the rooms. They were huge by any standard and included all of the ammenities one would expect. While some reviewers stated that the hotel is starting to seem a little shabby, that was not our experience at all. The paint on the walls was fresh and perfect, and the bathrooms were clean and divine. True, the tv's are a bit behind the times - but who goes to London to watch tv? The location was convenient - just a half block to the Picadilly and main tube lines, and just 4-5 blocks walk from Covent Garden.	
Jun 4 2009 	PERFECT STAY	We stayed at the Chancery again last week as a surprise for our children. And what a surprise it was. As always our room was ready early, it was huge with plenty of sleeping/living space. Fantastic bathroom as well. All of our special requests had been met and the staff were again second to none. When we checked out it was raining and so they kindly offere us umbrellas to use. Every time we stay here we find some thing new round and about so will have to return!!Would highly recommend it to anyone	
Jun 2 2009 	Terrible Service	I stayed at the Chancery Court for three nights, and the front desk workers are the worst. They had no clue what they were doing and were rude. After a long trans-continental flight arriving at the hotel at 9 a.m. the rude Slavic receptionist told me my room wasn't ready, which is fine - I understand. But then the person next to me magically has not one but two rooms ready for them. Same room - king sized bed. I was told the internet was complimentary in the lobby, but it wasn't...£15 per day to use it in the lobby or £20 in your room wired. So bizarre. The only good part of this experience was the wonderful bellhops. So great and helpful. I tipped them heavily for their help.	
May 31 2009 	Excellent stay you will enjoy it!!!!!	We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights.My family was in London over Memorial weekend .The rooms were large and comfortable, the beds were comfortable with excellent linens. The bathrooms were large even for USA standards.The rooms were also quiet. Therooms as well as the whole hotel was very clean. The service staff was also high standard. The concierge was helpful in arranging our tourist plans. The breakfast included was a plentiful buffet! The hotel was around the corner from the underground Holburn station right on the Piccadilly line. My husband, I and 2 teenage sons had a great stay!	
May 31 2009 	Wonderful hotel	My husband and I stayed here for three nights at the end of May. The location of the hotel is excellent, it took us 10 minutes to walk to Covent Garden and 20 to Trafalgar Square. The Holborn Tube stop is very close if you want to use the Tube. We got a very good deal from the hotel's website by booking a few months ahead. We stayed in a deluxe room which was spacious and comfortable with a large bed and a nice, roomy bathroom. We liked the little touches like the turn-down service, the extra pillows and the bathrobes. The staff were friendly and helpful, they were able to arrange a spa treatment for me even though it was a busy weekend. The spa was great too, and next time I intend to spend a little more time there. We loved this hotel, and look forward to staying there again the next time we visit London.	
May 30 2009 	great value; great location; lovely hotel with accommodating staff	We selected this hotel based on other travelers' comments and were not disappointed. From the moment we arrived, we were made to feel at home. We had asked for an early check in since we were traveling by red-eye from New York, and our room was waiting for us at 11:30 a.m. as requested. The hotel has a grand facade with an impressive courtyard and public spaces. Our deluxe room was very spacious, though room sizes do vary widely as evidenced by the much smaller room given to a cousin who stayed with us at the hotel for four of our eight nights there. Our bathroom, with two sinks, was also very large and elegantly oufitted in beige and black marble. The hotel's hallways are very nicely appointed, but we found our room to be just a bit drab and in need of some updating. Nevertheless, we were very comfortable in the room, due in part to the excellent and abundant bedding. The hotel staff could not have been more gracious and accommodating, which made our stay even more enjoyable. Our five-pound-sterling morning pot of coffee, delivered to our room promptly each day, was always accompanied by two yummy cookies and a very pleasant &quot;good morning&quot; greeting. Finally, the hotel's location is excellent. The Holborn Underground station is right down the street, which made our frequent use of the system very easy. Covent Garden can be reached by foot in about eight to ten minutes. Starbucks and McDonalds are directly across the street, which is convenient for those who prefer fast and familiar snacks. In sum, we wouldn't hesitate to book this hotel again, nor would our cousin, who has spent considerable time in London over the course of the last 30 years.	
May 28 2009 	Best night sleep in a London hotel!	Stayed in a family room with my wife and two daughters on Bank Holiday Monday. We chose this hotel as we were seeing &quot;Hairspray&quot; at the Shaftsbury Theatre which is less than 10 minutes walk away. We drove to the hotel which was a fairly easy journey and pulling up in the courtyard was like an oasis in the hussle and bustle outside. The Doorman was excellent, very helpful as was the English lady on the reception. Again only a 10 minute walk to Covent Garden this hotel offers excellent value for the location. As others have said there are various breakfast options nearby, we were not offered breakfast (many hotels offer a rate at check-in) and I would not want to pay £50+ for my family to have breakfast when I can get a take out from McDonalds for £7! The drinks were also the most expensive I have ever bought in the UK.I have stayed in many hotels in London , prior to this the Waldorf and Cumberland in February and being the city it is you expect and endure lots of traffic noise especially at night. Not here , lovely and quiet a great nights sleep!	
May 21 2009 	Great Hotel	My wife &amp; i stayed at this hotel just for one night last year and we were very happy.The hotel isn`t situated right in the center but un the CBD, taking a short walk to the city.From the outside it looked like the building old victorian building but once you get in everything is very nice (lot of marble and a great decoration).The staff were very friendly &amp; helpfull , beautifull room.The only thing should be improved is the Breakfast, I was quite disappointed and my wife too.My wife really love the lounge, to have a before dinner drink it's really relaxing.Very nice hotel, be back soon.	
May 19 2009 	Very good indeed	This hotel is supposedly a former bank building and you would not suspect otherwise given the solid marble found everywhere. The hotel staff are very helpful, especially the customer relations manager who did a very good job looking after our needs. We were there for a week and the hotel's location made the most of our time in London. The rooms are nicely furnished and the housekeeping is efficient. My only dislike is the Pearl's restaurant. Its food is mediocre and its service not up to par. Once we were there at 10:30 for breakfast and they are taking down the food when they are open for breakfast until 11:00. They also made errors in our breakfast bill in more than one occasion, which is rather annoying. So stay at the hotel but have breakfast elsewhere.	
May 15 2009	A rare case with true 5* experience - perfect!	I used to be in many so called 5* hotels, but this one is a rare case to absolutely agree - the combination of exterior, interior, staff, food quality, location and overall experience is trully amazing! This is no doubts Great hotel. Classic, very nice design, superb lobby and magnificent grand stairs, very polite, effictive and visible staff, superb in-room amenities and large, spacios rooms itself. Breakfast is perfect - not extra wide choice as others, but very high quality food and trully 5 star service by staff on breakfast time! Concierge recommendation for place to eat on evening was also perfect. Very satisfied, and definite choice for accomodation in London!Something reminded me there and made some parellels with Corinthia Royal in Budapest - will overall classy and Great look &amp; feel, but what I wasn't expected at all is that Chancery Court will beat Corinthia not even with service &amp; quality, but also with price tag (a minor difference in prices doesn't stays close to major difference on cost of life and accomodation in Budapest vs. London)	
May 1 2009 	What a Wonderful Experence at the Channcery Court	Wow, this hotel truly deserves it's Five Star rating. When you pull in to the courtyard the hotel staff quickly snaps into action. You are greeted by a wonderful door man who welcomes you to the hotel and points you in the right directions. The service continues with the front desk staff at check-in. The rooms are great with all the amenities you expect in a Five Star. The Concierge recommended the London bus tour, which turned out to be perfect. The doorman greeted me by name every time we left or returned. We also had restaurant choices right outside the courtyard. Our only complaint was the beds; they are as hard as a rock. If you’re staying in London, do yourself a favor and stay at the Chancery Court!	
Apr 24 2009 	fantastic hotel for families with children	We just spent 3 days here and had a fantastic stay. The staff is friendly, warm and helpful. The hotel itself is beautiful, elegant, but not stuffy. The concierge are extremely helpful and knowledgeable, about everything, and they are willing to answer any questions from how to get show tickets to how to purchase underground tickets for a family. The rooms are very generously sized -- even by American standards. We had two queen sized beds. The bathrooms are fantastic -- great water pressure, well-lit, big tub, heated mirror that doesn't fog up when showering -- beautifully done in black marble and tile. Great location -- about 10-15 minutes walk to Covent Garden and about 5-10 to the British Museum (at a walking pace that could be handled by our 6 year old). Within a two block radius of the hotel you have several coffee chains (Starbucks, Pret-a-Manger, Caffe Nero), lots of fast food, a drug store and a grocery store -- which I recommend because the one area that the hotel was less than perfect was room service and mini-bar prices -- very high, and the one night we ordered room service they first forgot to bring half the order and then had forgotten one dish -- but were incredibly apologetic and immediately adjusted the bill appropriately. The phone in the room has a button on it that is labeled &quot;delighted to serve&quot;, and they really seem to be. We would recommend the hotel to anyone, but especially those with children.	
Apr 22 2009 	beautiful great location close to covent garden	stayed for one night during visit to london to see oliver, a great show by the way go if you can rowan atkinson is perfect as faganThe chancery is a beautiful hotel the staff are friendly and the rooms are spotless and of a good size.we opted for dinner and breakfast during our stayare evening meal at the pearl restaurant was 1st class the food is faultless, perfectly cooked and service is excellent.rooms are a good size the bed is wonderfully comfortable.if you turn left as you come out of the hotel a 5 minute walk will take you to covent garden, plenty of shops cafes and street entertainers.This was our 2nd stay at the hotel and i hope not our last a wonderful hotel.	
Apr 21 2009 	Only place to stay in London	This hotel was exactly what you expect from a five-star. Gorgeous entrance, helpful staff. Room was huge with a king bed that was wonderful. Everything extremely clean and attention to detail. Special touches in the room like a personalized weather report and chocolates on the pillow. Perfect location in covent gardens, midpoint to Tower of London and Buckingham Palace.	
Apr 19 2009 	Perfect location for Ladies that lunch!	Customer service was first rate, after a 7 hour flight I arrived at 8.00am and my room was ready, (I had called before the visit) but I didn't even have to remind them. Called housekeeping for some extra items, they came straightaway. Room and bathroom modern and very clean.Location is fantastic, walk to Covent Garden, theatre's, restaurants just across the road. Holborn tube less than 2 min walk. Great breakfast place, turn left out of hotel and walk down little alley on left and you will see a cute cafe with upstairs seating, fantastic omeletes!I would definately go back.	
Apr 19 2009 	Excellent base for exploring London	We are a family of 5 using a Marriott Points package to visit London. In preparation for our trip, I emailed the rooms agent several times and she was able to reserve two connecting rooms prior to our stay, recognizing my requests for courtyard facing, quiet rooms. We were upgraded to the Club floor upon arrival and found the rooms to be quite large and well appointed, though not posh as some people seem to expect. The rooms were very clean, the beds comfortable, and it was one of the quietest hotels we've stayed at, even over the Easter holiday. The service all around was excellent. We utilized the concierge many times, and he was helpful not only with tube directions and reservations but also helped us arrange a last-minute car and driver in Paris for a family day trip. Though the main elevator was often slow or broken there were several other banks of elevators nearby as well as the central stairs.The &quot;selling feature&quot; of this hotel for us would be the location. It is very close to the Holborn tube where both Piccadilly and Central lines pass through. It was one stop away from Covent Garden, Picadilly Circus, Oxford Street, St Paul's, and several stops away from most major attractions including St Pancras and Victoria Station. One can take a direct ride to Heathrow also, making airport transport a snap. Within half a block of the hotel are many casual eateries for pizza, coffee, sandwiches (a Pret next door with free wifi) as well as a Sainsbury's and an M &amp; S Simply Food.Area attractions within walking distance included the British Museum, John Soames museum, London Silver Vaults to name a few.The only negative aspect was an evacuation of the hotel that occurred around 5 a.m. one day. All guests were asked to quickly leave, some doing so in their underwear or hotel robe sans clothing or shoes. We were then guided about a block away to Lincoln Inn Field where we waited in the drizzle for close to an hour. There was no explanation or apology given. We saw no police or fire persons. I thought this was poorly managed, though I'm sure safety is their main concern and not comfort.All in all, we were happy to have booked at the RCC. Other available Marriott locations would not have been as convenient in location and amenities, and we found both the premises and the staff to be overall excellent.	
Apr 15 2009 	Very confortable but not charming	We just got back from our stay at the Renaissance Chancery Court hotel in London where we stayed for three nights. We found this hotel among the dozens available on expedia and, to be honest, we haven't been disappointed.We arrived at the hotel by night and found that the entrance is grandiose. The hotel itself is very beautiful even if it's a bit big. That might be the only problem. It's very big. The staff is professional and the rooms are very confortable. The tiny problem is that, even if we knew from the start that the Renaissance Chancery Court isn't a 'designer hotel', the rooms look like every other Marriott room you can find anywhere in the world. However, it's extremely well located. Two tube stations from the City and two from Oxford Circus. Whether you're there on business or to visit/shop, you won't be far away from places of interest. About the amenities, I haven't tried the gym but I did tried the bar and the cocktails are simply awesome. Try a few ones, you won't be disappointed. To summarize, the hotel is everything you could expect from a hotel of this stature without any surprises, good or bad.	
Apr 14 2009 	Not so good anymore	I have stayed at the Renaissance Chancery Court a couple of times and I’ve already submitted a review once, giving it a full score. But things have changed since my review (and the price went up) and I have noted small problems with service before, but on my last stay there (Easter weekend with girlfriend) there were quite a few things I didn’t like, so I decided to write a new review.On the positive side it’s still a very beautiful place with much more style and atmosphere than the usual large chain hotels. The rooms start to look a bit worn in places but are nice and quite large for London standards. Location is perfect and the staff very friendly.On the negative side first of all the linen on one of the beds had some strange colour spots on it (as it looks when you wash white things with coloured things) which didn’t look very appealing. We left a note to exchange it after the first night just to get a new linen which was torn in several places. At a rate of 180£ (without taxes) for a standard room this is an absolute no-go for me.In our wing there was only one elevator working to serve the seven floors; as it was the Easter weekend the hotel was quite busy so we spent really a lot of time waiting at the elevator; quite a lot of people made angry comments about that.Breakfast (over 20£ p.p. if not included) was served in the Pearls Restaurant ( I think they do that when the hotel has a lot of guests) which is not a problem except for when it rains-it would be nice if the doormen would escort you over the open court with an umbrella so you don’t get wet. And one morning we were seated in the bar part of the restaurant; there tea and coffee was not served, we had to get it ourselves and the coffee was not even hot.Same thing at the bar: beautiful place, very expensive (8£ for a simple glass of Riesling) but the service was not adequate. Orders were forgotten, we didn’t get the snacks. And the bar closes at midnight which I find ridiculous for a bar of a large hotel in a metropole like London. So don’t plan to go there for a drink when you come back from a musical or so; you’ll be kicked out soon.Also we got bad advice from the concierge: we asked him if Harrods is open on Easter Sunday which he confirmed after doing something on his computer. Of course it was closed so we couldn’t buy the presents we wanted-had we known we would have done that the day before. A check on the Harrods website would have given the correct information.Summary: too many problems for the price. I’ll go to a different hotel next time in London.	
Apr 13 2009 	Smart hotel some snooty service.	Nice location here, easy walk to Convent Garden and beyond. Building itself is very elegant and charming. I had a couple of different rooms over the course of my stay, and while they were both well appointed, some are lacking much in the way natural light. Walls also seem to be pretty thin between rooms, so you may have to endure listening to the couples in the room next to you and above you going at it. Pearl restaurant inside the hotel does a very nice breakfast and some very fine dishes at its dinner service. Staff were a mixed bunch - service was occasionally cold and snooty, with some of the European staffers seemingly struggling to hide their contempt. Perhaps London was just getting them down.	
Apr 6 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	Stayed on a whistle stop tour to see a show. The entrance is beautiful and impressive. Staff polite and helpful (if some are a little hard to understand). Room very nice. Don't touch the water as they will charge, obviously if you want to pay £1.75 for a kit kat that's up to you! we didn't. Bar is very nice also, very very expensive for drinks and bar snacks so watch out. Do pre order breakfast if you suspect you may want it, £20.00 for basically cereal and toast &amp; tea and £25.00 for tea and cooked breakfast! Also why the tiny plates for the cooked breakfast? though you can go back for more.	
Mar 30 2009 	Deceitful Advertising and Lack of Customer Service	The Renaissance Chancery Court Hotel is well-located in Holborn, a block from the Holborn Tube station. Rooms are commensurate with adequately appointed US hotels. The sterotype of a dingy, small, ill-equipped London hotel room does not apply to the Renaissance Chancery Court. An added benefit is that guests may use the fitness room without an additional charge.My husband and I, both Marriott Rewards members, combined our points for a 10-day stay. The points required for our stay at the Rennaisance Chancery Court equalled points required for Marriott's best London hotels, including the JW Marriott. We chose the Renaissance Chancery Court because of its location and the kitchens the Marriott web page advertised the rooms contained. At the time of our reservations, Marriott's search function and web page communicated that rooms contained kitchen amentities including; conventional oven, dishwasher, microwave oven, stove, and toaster oven. You can imagine our shock when we were given a room with no kitchen.When we followed up with the Renaissance Chancery Court Guest Relations staff, the woman with whom we spoke, Jo, told us that ONLY ONE room in the hotel has a kitchen. This room is the Lord Chancellor's suite, the equivalent of a US presidential suite. When I objected to the misleading web page information, saying that it didn't indicate that &quot;some,&quot; &quot;a few,&quot; or &quot;one&quot; room(s) contained a kitchen, Jo articulated that Marriott covered itself with the fine print &quot;may vary by room type.&quot;The solutions Jo offered were to clear out our mini bar, allowing us to use it as a refrigerator, or to arrange for our transfer to the poorly located Marriott Canary Wharf Hotel (in an inconvenient, more unsavory location, with a train line wrapping around the hotel). She did not offer to allow us to enjoy the free breakfast that some other guests enjoy nor did she, keeping in mind that we were loyal Marriott customers with over 300,000 points accrued, agree to upgrade us to the room with a kitchen when it was available. Ultimately, we chose to stay. We didn't want our dream trip to be marred by rancor and brought down by an undesireable location.Since Marriott has no loyalty to us, let me return the favor by telling you how you can avoid spending money at their hotel if you stay. A variety of inexpensive restaurants are located around the hotel, making eating at hotel restaurants--even for morning coffee--unnecessary. Furthermore, a grocery store is located half a block away, offering many tasty and healthy pre-made items. The Renaissance Chancery Court charges 15 pounds a day for wi-fi, a mystery to us because it is free just about everywhere outside the hotel walls. My husband discovered that, if located in the right spot, he could connect to the internet via one of London's free wi-fi portals. And, if like us, you are planning a longer stay and would like a kitchen, a Citadines Apart'hotel facility exists across the street.	
Mar 28 2009 	Beautiful London hotel	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Renaissance Chancery Court. It is a very beautiful hotel in a decent location. We are a couple travelling with our daughters (8 &amp; 10). We had a classic room which was fine for our family and very large for European standards. The beds are super comfortable and the room seemed to be very quiet. I slept really well.The hotel is convenient if you are flying into Heathrow. Just hop on the Picadilly underground at the airport. There are signs that will direct you right to it. It is only 4 pounds per person to ride it into London (kids are free). This is so dirt cheap compared to taking a taxi. The underground is incredibly clean and safe. Then get off at the Holborn tube station. It is about a 40 minute ride. Exit the station at the Holborn street exit and turn right. It is about a 3 minute walk up the sidewalk on the same side of the street as the Holborn station.Breakfast at the hotel was really delightful. It was included in our rate so we took advantage of it. Many choices of fresh fruits, eggs, sliced meats and cheeses, cereal, croissants and breads, juice. It was delicious and the Pearl Restaurant is beautiful.We used the underground to get around everyday we were there. We also walked to a lot of the sights. I wouldn't hesitate to stay in this hotel again.	
Mar 26 2009 	Very good but confusing rate rules	I have stayed at this hotel on a business trip with coworkers, and found it very convenient for our use, six months ago. It's a bit like beeing on a big american cruise ship, and the cherry wood modern style certainly reminds me of the RCCL lines style, in fact. However, this summer I would like to go back with my family. My daughters are 13 and 14 years old. I find the web site very confusing regarding young peoples accsess to the club lounge, where the breakfast is served (for certain rooms) and you can go for soft drinks etc.If you choose a club room on the web sites booking, the rate rules explain that children under 12 have no accsess to the club lounge. If you choose a studio suite or a larger suite, the age limit is suddenly 16.On the trip with my coworkers we found the clublounge very convenient. I stayed in a clubroom so I had access, some of the others stayed in executive rooms that was larger and very convenient for small gatherings, but with no club lounge access. Overall a very nice hotel but the confusing rate rules are a bit annoying.	
Mar 23 2009 	very nice a few hiccups but overall very good	When we arrived unfortunately our booking was wrong. We had booked a large executive room with access to the club lounge via the telephone, however we informed at the desk that our 12 year daughter would not be allowed in there due to the alcohol. We were also told that our room would not be ready until about 4ish. After much deliberation, they offered us access to the club lounge (not my 12 year old daughter) but soft drinks etc for all of us in their downstairs lounge. We were also upgraded to a larger suite as we said we needed a shower etc for the evening show we were going to see.Breakfast was good, we have stayed in hotels where the breakfast has been on a par but hasn't cost £25 each. The suite was on 2 levels and was very nice. I am not sure I would upgrade to the club lounge access again as I really don't think it is worth it. Strangely enough the alcohol is locked up until evenings, so my daughter wouldn't have been able to access it anyway.	
Mar 19 2009 	A Luxury American-Style Hotel in London	A very nice hotel. Bedroom and bathroom were large by American big-city standards, and huge by London standards. Hotel staff was very helpful. Only complaint is that prices for ancillary services are very high, e.g. 15 pounds/day for internet.	
Mar 18 2009 	Wonderful hotel	Stayed the last weekend in February, and I have already decided to move my future business there, from the Marriott Kensington which has become a very poor hotel with unacceptable service (or lack thereof).The room was huge, and the King sized bed was perfect. The view wasn't the best, but I wasn't there for the views. The only minor flaw was the poor selection of drinks in the minibar. Only water and beer.Breakfast was wonderful with everything you could wish for. Excellent staff in all areas. Location also very convinient for my needs.Highly reccomendable.	
Mar 18 2009 	Excellent hotel choice	After spending countless hours on tripadvisor to find a well located, nicely appointed, yet not outrageously priced hotel in London, I found this. Their own hotel site was offering a fantastic deal on rooms. Hotel was gorgeous, very well located, within steps to Holborn Tube stop, rooms nicely sized.. Overall an excellent choice... Within walking distance to British Museum, great restaurants, trendy shopping.. I would definitely stay there again. Thanks Tripadvisor!!	
Mar 7 2009 	Excellent hotel location service and spa	Superb facilities. It is in an excellent location, a stone's throw away from the heart of London (Covent Garden, Ox Street).There is always a cab around the corner, buses and the underground to take you anywhere! We live in London, but came to this hotel as tourists and did the whole &quot;tourist thing&quot; and loved it.The spa was superb, I think the best in the London, if not the country. They offer great packages. The hotel was a bit over priced, however it is London and the service, food and spa made up for it.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great location service and room size	We just returned from an 11night stay at the Chancery Court. Great hotel! We used a combination of Marriott points and a 4 day stay-for-breakfast weekend rate. When we arrived, a lovely receptionist offered to show us our room possibilities before we committed to a 35 pound upgrade to an Executive suite. We were traveling with our two teens (15 and 13) and visiting our 18 year-old son who is studying in London. We figured our 18 year-old might want to bunk in occasionally, so we were hoping for somerhing with a bit of space. The deluxe booked was certainly very large and would have been fine for 4, but the 2 executive suites shown were lovely, with a sitting area with a full couch, coffee table, desk and make-up area. We upgraded and were not disappointed. They added on our stay-for-breakfast weekend without additional upgrade fee. Prices for the breakfast would have been too high if we had paid, but the free breakfast room service was lovely for the final leg of our trip. My only irritation was that we had to call everyday to have the room service removed from the bill, it did not happen automatically. No big deal. My husband was a bit irritated with the wireless internet, which did not work with our macbook. Otherwise, the service and space were great. Hotel is also a quick skip to the Holborn station which got us everywhere quickly, and loads of buses outside for above-ground travel. We walked to the theatre 4 times with ease. I'd definitely stay here again if we return to London.	
Feb 24 2009 	Wonderful Place To Stay	Stayed one night whilst in London on a leisure break. Location was good right by tube station and about 15 mins walk to Covent Garden. Hotel was immaculate, spotlessly clean everywhere. Furniture in rooms was a little dated but of a good quality. Bathroom was also immaculate, no mould around this bath! Our room was very big and overlooked the courtyard. Didn’t hear a thing all night. Beds large and of a good quality. Breakfast also excellent but a little expensive, £25.00 each for full English. All staff very professional and helpful. A truly lovely hotel. Without hesitation would stay there again.	
Feb 16 2009 	fantastic hotel	Fantastic hotel, the staff couldn't have done enough for us. We had been automatically upgraded when we went to book in, from a delux room to a club room. Room service excellentGood location for West EndEvening meal and breakfast were of a great standard.Staff everywhere to helpTraditional decor with a contemporary twist.Lovely weekend would go back tomorrow.	
Feb 15 2009 	Over priced and rather average	When I drove into the hotel grounds it was hard to not be impressed. However almost as soon as I had checked in I had my first problem. I went into the lift and tried to fo to my floor. The lift would not work. I got out of the lift and it worked for someone else. To end a long story short I was enventually told that I needed to use my card in the lift to get it to work. As obvious as that may seem to some of the people reading this, I have never had to use a card to get to a specific floor of a hotel and had not been told that this was required.When I reached my room I was pretty shocked to say the least. I was informed my room would be between 344-570 square feet. If it was it must have been dead on 344 feet, because it seemed a lot smaller to me. To put this into context I recently stayed at a Premier Inn and found the room there to be quite a lot bigger, and that room was £50 (including tax) per night for a couple. Writing (including tax) was to highlight the bizarre policy of the Marriott website to exclude tax from their prices. They advertise that usage of the PlayStation in the room comes &quot;for a fee&quot;. I didn't really have any interest in using the console as I wanted to be out and about, but having seen the price of the internet (£15 a day, deemed to be great value by the owners) I was intruiged to see the price of the console. The hotel really surpassed itself on this one. It wanted to charge £6.60 per hour to play a game on a console that was around 9 years old. If you go online you can buy the game and the console for only double that. The TV was ancient. In general I was amazed that somewhere charging what they did for a room thought that they could get away with such inferior electronics, the TV was fuzzy throughout.On the plus side the bed was very large and extremely comfortable and the bathroom was pleasant too.Overall though, vastly overpriced and distinctly average when you have made it into your room	
Feb 15 2009 	Beautiful hotel rooms need refurbishment	Stayed here one weekend in February for a conference, and enjoyed the stay. Hotel is beautiful and the public areas are very impressive, especially the bar. It is in a good location and quiet.My only negative was that the rooms were a bit dated, and looked like they could do with a refurbishment. Staff were also not up to usual 5* standard in terms of service	
Feb 9 2009 	Highest recommendation	Fabulous hotel close to the Holborn underground. The room was very clean and spacious. We had two double beds. The service was impeccable. The restaurant had wonderful service. The bar had a nice menu that was reasonably priced. The lobby area is very beautiful. We first booked The Buckingham Hotel in London but was disappointed that they charged over 40E more a day for my little daughter to join us in the same room. We cancelled that reservation and made the right decision to upgrade to the Renassiance Chancery Court. Also during our visit, we did stroll past the Buckingham at night and did not feel it was in a safe area. We made the right decision to stay at the Renassiance. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 5 2009 	Where was my comfy bed?	Stayed here for two nights on a special offer through Marriot site and got a good deal.Had a spacious room on the 4th floor,no view but no big deal..I agree with other reviews it was looking tired and the telly for a 5star hotel was nearly an antique BUT you would not have found a cleaner room,it was spotless.Buffet breakfast was fine with plenty of choice and would have tried to eat at Pearl but could not fit it in.The staff were friendly and helpful although we did suffer from the room card problem.Now to finish my review as in my previous ones let me mention the bed.I have slept in Marriot Hotels in Paris,America and London and they always have the comfiest of beds that is why I picked this one but I was let down with this one.The linen was good, the pillows were good,the size was good but why was the mattress not comfortable?It felt a like a cheap mattress or one that has had way too much wear.Would I stay here again-definately yes-but I would request a newer bed!!	
Jan 22 2009	Perfect!	I visited London for fun and spent considerable time researching hotels. I ended up deciding on the Renaissance Chancery Court, thanks in part to the reviews on this site, and was so happy with the property. It's near everything - the tube, great restaurants, touristy areas like Covent Garden that you won't want to miss. The staff is polite and helpful and the Pearl Bar is classy. Oh, and one more thing, I used my Marriott points to reserve this hotel and everything was perfect. Great stay!	
Jan 22 2009	Fabulous marble and location	Positives: Great location, walk to British Museum 10 minutes, the Silver Vaults 8 minutes, the tube station 60 seconds, the Soane museum 2 minutes. Lots of coffee shops, restaurants, activity sightseeing just walking. Also good: the beautiful bones of the structure itself; good concierge. Club rooms very spacious.Negatives: dated dirty room carpet, no flat screen tv. Breakfast in the club lounge was very poor, no eggs, service was horrible, it was almost resentment that there were guests in the lounge, no greeting, no service. Worst experience in a club lounge. Evening desserts were very cheap and old, not fresh. Another negative: the front desk was very friendly and welcoming, but could not get proactive on getting the room keys to work or someone to assist, I had to go down to the desk three times unable to enter the room before they sent someone up and the problem was a dead battery on the key holder inside the room. Front desk also did not phone back to respond to other queries when they said they would.	
Jan 18 2009 	Best hotel I've ever stayed in	Immediately when you arrived to the hotel in the beautiful courtyard you realized this was something special.The service was outstanding. The rooms, we had clubrooms, were huge for being in a big city and especially London. I loved the bedsheet and the bed. And the Spa, and the breakfast and the gym. It all added up to be the best hotel I've ever stayed in and I have been to many.I absolutely recommend this to everyone and the best thing of it was that it didn't cost a fortune.I will definitely stay here again.	
Jan 12 2009 	Perfect Location	We stayed for a week between Xmas and New Year and the staff at the hotel did an excellent job of smoothing out any wrinkles....and they were very few. Suggest, however, that if you're interested in eating at the hotel that you stuff your pockets with pound notes. While the in-house venue features a top-notch chef, the pricing (even by London standards) is a tad on the high side. That, however, is the only real issue that we had, as this property is perfectly situated for easy tube access (less than half a block) and walking distance to the river, Covent Garden, Soho, and just about all of the major sites. Rooms are furnished with modern, business-like equipment, the bedding is excellent, and the bathrooms (many anyway) feature double sinks. Robes for two in the closet and prompt morning newspaper devliveries make this hotel really easy to handle!	
Jan 12 2009 	Lovely - But Can Use Updating.	First, I'll say I love the Renaissance Chancery Court Hotel. I've stayed at this hotel many, many, many times. I've spent more nights in this hotel than I've spent in any other hotel in the world, and for me, that's saying a lot. However, I think there's more that the Chancery Court can do if it wants to really deserve its 5-Star rating. While the hotel staff has done a great job maintaining the hotel in top condition, individual rooms are starting to show a bit of wear and tear. This could be in the bath marble tiles, the scuffed furniture, or bath fixtures, etc. There's little the staff can do - the room decor is what, seven years old? It's time to start thinking about modernizing.My biggest pet peeve, however, are the dumpy, old 22-inch in-room television sets. There's no excuse for a 5-tar hotel today not to have flat screen 32-inch LCD's. Even many 3-Star hotels in the United States have flat screens, and the Renaissance, if it wants to compete in the 5-Star game, needs to have them too.Having said that, I love this hotel and its staff, and would stay here again in a heartbeat - this is a special place.	
Jan 12 2009	Gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous!	What a beautiful hotel! We got a great price (137 pounds) and our room was one of the nicest I've ever stayed at... anywhere. The hotel looks like a castle, the staff is fantastic, the rooms are large, the location is perfect (right next two the Holbrook tube stop). The breakfast (included for us) was the finest we've been offered in any country. I can't recommend this hotel highly enough. We won't stay anywhere else from now on.	
Jan 10 2009 	Perfect hotel	We loved this hotel. We stayed here one night at the New Years Eve, and had two double rooms, one with two queen beds and one with a king bed. Our rooms were nice and large, the building was very beautiful, the service was nice and the breakfast at Pearl Restaurant was lovely. The hotel's location was very good to. The hotel is expensive, but we got a good rate. I will recommend this hotel to everyone!	
Jan 2 2009 	great stay	Stayed for three nights. Everything from check in to check out was of a high standard. The building is beautiful architecturally as it was formerly the headquarters of Pearl Assurance and original features are kept. the lobby area is very impressive. Concierge on arrival very efficient and helpful, check in was efficient. We had two rooms one king executive which was of an adequate size, no view, shower over bath but still very powerful. The children had been assigned a fabulous room (326) which had two double beds a seating area and bathroom with separate shower and bath. The rooms were on the lounge floor so we had access until 12 midnight for coffee, tea, honour bar later in the evening, cookies and lovely canapes from 5.30 in the evening. No children under 16 though meant that we could not enjoy as a family. The hotel is in a great location, 10 minutes to covent garden, 20 to oxford circus. We also went to see Oliver at the royal theatre in Drury Lane which was a 10 minute walk away and well worth seeing. We ate on the second evening at the Cinnamon Club in Westminster which was fabulous though a bit heavy on the pocket. Beautiful Indian food in stylish surroundings. London was bursting at the seams and we left on new years evening to return home. I would stay at this hotel again if it was offering competitive rates.	
Dec 30 2008 	Lovely	Very comfortable. Room was definitely big by London standards. Bathroom was bliss. Food was really good. Good shopping at your doorstep. Tube station just down the road. What else can you ask for?It may not be the kind of luxury a royal would expect, but for a mere mortal it's pretty damn good. Would love to come back.	
Dec 29 2008 	Great Hotel!!!	Just came back from 4 nights at the Renaissance. This is a great hotel and very comfortable. The rooms and bathrooms are large even by US standards. The location is great with just 1 block to the Holbern Tube station. The security is great and the hotel is very quiet. I would definately stay again!	
Dec 29 2008	Imposing Jewel in London's Crown	Architecturally, this is a stand-out hotel. As you walk towards it, its magnificence dominates the landscape. To add to the sense of mystique, you have to negotiate both an archway and an alleyway before you reach the haven of the entrance to the hotel. The courtyard is punctuated by a large Christmas tree and the hotel had a tellingly seasonal look to it.The rooms are very large by London standards. The front-desk staff tried to get me to upgrade to an Executive room. But I'm glad that I stuck with my Deluxe room (which had large windows overlooking Lincoln's Inn Fields and afforded me a sweeping panorama of London). It was also very good value, at Euro 195 a night, all in (but exclusive of breakfast). And the bed was so comfortable it almost called out to you to sleep in it. And I must admit that I stole a couple of relaxing afternoon naps there after frenetic mornings racing around a festive London. The bathroom is also capacious, with room to shower and shave in both space and comfort.One word of advice. If you want peace, make sure to place the 'do not disturb' sign on the outside of your door. The lever on the door which says &quot;For privacy, please turn&quot; seems unworkable. Either that or it is honoured in the breach instead of in the observance.I tried the Pearl Restaurant for breakfast. You can get a cooked English breakfast there for £25. Nothing exceptional. But it hits the spot if you are set on roaming around London for several hours (as I did most days). When in London, I went to see &quot;Twelfth Night&quot; with Derek Jacobi and a gifted cast of actors. If you want your spirits raised at Christmas (or in January/February 2009), this show is a &quot;must see&quot;. Also went to see the Andre Previn/Anna Sophie Mutter concert at the Barbican. Previn is beginning to wane somewhat as he nears his eigthtieth birthday. But Mutter is as magical as she always been on her lilting violin.There's always something beguiling about London during the days just before Christmas (encompassing the 18th to 23rd of December).	
Dec 8 2008 	Great Location	Nice property – great location. Fantastic looking lobby and marble staircase. Good sized rooms (for a London hotel). Comfortable beds. Housekeeping was a bit disappointing as we checked into the room just before 3:00 pm, but they had only left one towel, no slippers, and only a few toiletry items. We managed to locate a housekeeper, who gave us the missing items. In addition, there was a large dent/scrap on the outside of our wardrobe and there was some wear &amp; tear on the bathroom door. Our 6th floor room was also incredibly hot, and while we tried to adjust the temperature, it always felt like a steam-bath.I would have been very disappointed if I had paid for the breakfast at this hotel. They would have charged us 49 pounds for two people. It was a very average buffet – some nice items, but all of them stone-cold. There wasn’t even a fresh egg station – just some boiled eggs and some cold scrambled eggs. Very poor value for money.But please don’t let my negative comments put you off. This is a nice 4-star hotel and was very busy while we stayed there. Just avoid the breakfast !	
Nov 25 2008	Excellent comfort and position	Book a stay at the week-end and enjoy the comforts and facilities of this hotel which are normally much more expensive for week -day travellers. Great , great beds and feather pillows by request. We booked an executive room and were agreeably surprised by the generous size.Very handy for the tube link (Holborn). Helpful concierge and charming staff in the busy bar. Breakfast fairly pricey, but loads of coffee shops close by if you do not want to indulge.We were very impressed by and grateful for the 'after-sales' service in finding and securing items left behind in the room including some cash in the room safe!	
Nov 23 2008 	fabulous hotel very busy at weekends	Stayed here a couple of times now. The location is excellent, walking distance to covent garden and other attractions. Concierge very helpful. Breakfast delicious and rooms generous for central london. Only downside is that this hotel gets incredibly busy at weekends and there is not enough restaurant space to accomodate this at breakfast time, so you could find yourself in for a long wait. Last visit we were on the club floor and even the club room had a wait for breakfast. If you're in a hurry you may need to order room service!	
Nov 20 2008 	Like staying in a palace...	This is beautiful hotel, with very nice decor and comftable beds. The rooms are so luxuarious, i never want to leave, i could live in there forever!The location was good for my wife as she likes to go shopping, and Oxford Streets were a short taxi ride. Also, i like history, and Londons fantastic buildings and landmarks are all around the hotel. The food was not as good as the hotel, but i don't like what the English peoples eat, but my children enoyed it alot. I liked the staff, as they helped me find my way to buy gifts, and helped me get taxi to the airport.	
Nov 18 2008 	look for weekend deals!	I often stay at this place both for business and pleasure. Look for weekend deals - prices often drop by close to 40-50%. While by far not the cheapest place to stay in London, the hotel is very well located and very well run. If you find a deal, it's worth checking out. Also, stop by the Korean restaurant right next to Holborn subway station. :)	
Nov 16 2008 	Fabulous Hotel	The Renaissance Chancery Court is the best Marriot hotel I have stayed at in London. I've stayed at several category 7 Marriott hotels in the captial and this one surpasses my previous favourites (Marriott County Hall and West India Quay).We stayed in an executive room which was enormous! Plush furnishings, a luxurious king size bed, marble bathroom with separate walk-in shower and silent air conditioning all made for an enjoyable stay.If you decide to stay here I can also recommend the CC bar for a cocktail before moving on to Pearl Restaurant for dinner.....great food &amp; service and best of all only a short stroll back to your room should you over indulge on the extensive wine list.All in all a wonderful experience.	
Nov 10 2008 	Relaxed luxury in London	Just returned from 2 nights in London staying at the Chancery court hotel and loved it. The room was of a good size, very comfortable and quiet. There was always numerous staff around to help and especially at the concierge desk. The location may seem a little out of the way for some people but it is a very short walk to Covent Garden (10 min) or there is a tube stop just 1 min down the street. There are numerous restaurants around the hotel plus the ones within the hotel. Also the afternoon tea with the cupcakes was just amazing and the Pearl Bar is so beautiful.I would highly recommend this hotel as there is a very nice welcoming atmosphere and there is some character rather than some of the more sterile hotels around in London.	
Nov 6 2008 	Posh but kid-proof	We went on the duck themed weekend with our two little'uns. The hotel is very grand, but very friendly and helpful staff (and other visiters - particularly the Americans I am pleased to report!)The location is great; seconds from the tube and easy walk to Covent Garden, Piccadilly Circus, London Eye etc. The breakfast would have cost us £70 if not included in the booking, but what a feast - fill your boots!All in all, a great weekend (tourist tax was a small blow - paying for 2012 I suppose)	
Oct 25 2008 	A great place to stay on the East side of the West End	This was the third time I'd stayed at this hotel and I was pleased overall with the experience. We had a club-level room nicely fitted-out with a view over High Holborn. My companion loved the larger than average bath, the quality of the towels and White Company toiletries. The concierge are very helpful with baggage/storage and arranging taxis etc. We also went in the hotel bar a couple of times and found the service very good.The only negative I can offer in this review is on the subject of the buffet breakfast. The choice of items seemed to have shrunk since my last visit in early 2006 and for around £25 per head for the Full English choice, if not included in the room rate, seemed a little over-priced. I also noticed a lot of visitors from the United States stay in the hotel, so I'm sure an Omelette/Waffle station would be appreciated at the breakfast buffet too.	
Oct 19 2008 	A very pleasant stay	We have just returned from a two night stay at the Renaissance Chancery Court. The hotel is very close to Hoburn Tube which is fantastic because it is an interchange for the picadilly and central lines so you have direct access to most of London's sights.The hotel itself is very impressive and is a beautifully restored building which I find is far more interesting than new hotels. The check in was efficient and we had our room requests as per booking. The room was quite large for London standards and the beds and pillows are very comfortable, a turn down service is also provided.We tried the champagne afternoon tea which was very good and we also had a meal at Pearl which is a restaurant at the hotel and the food was first class, Pearl is connectly allegedly to Marco Pierre White and the food is definately to those standards at the Criterion if not better.Breakfast is served in a strange location which is similar to a lounge/foyer/sitting area. There was adequate choice of breakfast items but it was a little cold the first morning, on the whole breakfast was quite good and the service was good but the food was nothing special.The staff in the bar were very attentive and there is an offer that if you buy drinks in the bar you get 20% off you meals in the evening at the hotel restaurant if you show your receipt (dont think this includes pearl)The doormen were excellent and always were very welcoming and efficient, and on the whole I would recommend this hotel because it is convienient and a very good option by London standards. The only complaint I would have is that we were left a towel with a very suspicious blood looking stain on it which wasnt very pleasant other than that I have nothing but praise for this hotel.	
Oct 15 2008 	Great place to stay	Have stayed at the Chancery Court a couple of times and the service and quality is excellent for a London hotel. The last time was the night before my wedding and the concierge arranged a chauffeur car and hotel gave me a late check out which made the day far less stressful. A lot of our guests also stayed at the hotel and, once they had got over the shock of the bar prices, they also commented on how good the hotel was.	
Sep 30 2008 	Still great	Returned for the second time in three years to this hotel. Location, room, friendliness of the stuff - everything just perfect for a stay in London with visits to the Theatre district. Unfortunately they changed the breakfast into a part of the lobby, which is less charming than the restaurant, and some carpets might be renewed, but these are minor points - I would still highly recommend the hotel for a visit to London.	
Sep 26 2008 	Great stay!	We had a very enjoyable stay at the Renaissance Chancery Court Hotel! The location is perfect, being only a 1-2 minute walk to the Holborn tube stop. The room was very good and extremely quiet, meaning a good night's sleep was always achieved. The staff were good, without being outstanding, although we didn't utilise many of the services on offer.Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel. Although, I would shop around for the best price, as it can be quite expensive.	
Sep 13 2008 	Thoroughly recommended	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights, 6th and 7th September 2008.Location of the hotel is superb, 2 minute walk to Holborn Tube, within easy walking distance of Oxford St, Covent Garden. 2 stops on the tube from Kings Cross.I'm told that the buliding used to be owned by a large insurance company. Well, it's a beautiful building, the most stunning marble staircase. On entry, a lovely secluded Courtyard off Holborn. London hotels can sometimes be a bit hit and miss; this one is definitely a hit. An oasis of calm in busy old London Town.Stayed in a deluxe room on the club floor. Very well appointed, comfortable bed, robes, slippers, good sized bathroom with nice products.Turndown service in the evening, complimentary chocolates, even a small towel on the floor at the side of the bed!View from the window wasn't great and an old tv with only a few channels are the negative comments I can muster and to be honest, that didn't impact on the stay. Attention to detail in all other areas was first class.Check in/out was excellent.Club Floor rooms get access to the Lounge. Very nice, great continental breakfast, canapes, drinks and cakes/pastries.My wife and I usually stay up the road in Bloomsbury when we pay a visit to London but will definitely make a return trip here.	
Sep 4 2008 	Very pleased with this hotel	We booked four nights at the Renaissance Chancery Court with points (needed two rooms, a double double for 3 people, and a king for 2, so I called Marriott Rewards to do it rather than trying it myself on the website). The booking went very smoothly. We were particularly desirous of a hotel with very comfortable beds and great showers, as some of our group was coming from a year+ in a less-than-luxurious (an understatement!) location/living arrangement and were looking forward to some &quot;Western amenities&quot; as they put it before returning home. The hotel completely met our expectations. By way of background, we are &quot;Marriott people&quot;. In NY, for example, we have stayed at the Renaissance, Marquis, Courtyard Midtown East and Residence Inn. We've previously stayed at the Marriott Grosvenor Square in London. We also like Westins. We don't need the Four Seasons, but prefer not Motel 6 either. Nicely appointed, in good condition, pleasant and halepful staff, comfortable beds, great showers, that's what we look for. The hotel is in a great location. We took the tube to and from the airport (and everywhere else we wanted to go, if not walking). The Holborn tube station is a 2-minute walk.Two of us arrived first. Our 2-bed room was not ready. I don't know what would have happened, since the 1-bed room was ready, so we just put our bags in there and went out to lunch. Upon return, our room was ready. By way of comparison, both rooms were nice size and nicely appointed, but the 2-bed room was quite a bit larger than the 1-bed room. The neighborhood is business-oriented. There are lots of restaurants, coffee spots (I think I counted 7 or 8 coffee spots within 2 blocks -- Costa, Starbucks, etc.), Sainsbury, Books Etc., Pizza Express (surprisingly good), Cafe Pasta (ditto). Walking distance to the Aldwych Theatre (we had tickets for 2 of us to Dirty Dancing the night we arrived). Near the British Museum. Walking distance to Russell Square (we had a particular reason for visiting, and always like to see new neighborhoods. We ate at a very good, but pretty pricey, Indian restaurant on Southhampton Row between Holborn and Russell Sq.)My only complaints: 1) the towels are way too small and they didn't always leave enough towels even though I asked for extras; 2) the hotel is built around a courtyard, and the signage once you get off the elevators is not good. For 4 days, I never knew which way to turn to get to our room most expeditiously!; and 3) some (very little) of the woodwork in the elevators could stand to be refinished as could the painted ceiling in bathroom (cracked from moisture). These are small complaints but for me to give it top stars, those things would need to be fixed.FWIW, they put down those dirty-shoe towels by the bedside only 1 of the 4 nights we were there. Obviously, inconsistent! (not that I cared - I wasn't even sure what they were for until I read another review here).Special kudos for: 1) having umbrellas for borrowing (even though we learned that too late to do us any good; 2) when I asked one of the doormen where there was a trash can, he took my trash from me and said &quot;I'll take that&quot;. Definitely 4* plus (I wish half stars were an option on TA!)	
Sep 1 2008 	First class place to stay	Just returned from a weekend end at this hotel.It was booked with Tesco points and included breakfast, but could only be provided with a standard room. I must admit I was a little nervous as to how 'standard' it would be!!However, there was certainly nothing to fear.Check in was brilliant, as was the room. Very spacious and clean. The only minor complaint was the distant sound early in the morning of what appeared to be building works and perhaps the carpet could do with updating.Breakfast was delightful with everything that was required.However, I became a little nervous again, when being asked to sign a reciept for 2 breaksfasts at a cost of almost £50, which happened on both days.On checkout, I was prepared for a battle on my hands, with the possibility of being told we had to pay for some particular reason. This was not the case and everything was in order.Yes the bar prices are VERY expensive - £21 for a pint of cider and a whisky &amp; lemondade. I guess you are paying for the ambience, the service and the 'nibbles'!!!All in all it was a very nice place to stay, very pleasant professional staff, always saying hello and a hotel that couldn't be more handy in location.I would definately stay again.	
Aug 22 2008	Very good hotel excellent location	Wonderful hotel in outstanding condition. Beds, bathrooms, etc. all top quality, clean, new. Staff was very willing to please.Booked a one-week stay here on Marriott points for three people--2 adults and 1 child. Arrived at checkin time, not early, and no room was available with two beds. Although I have status with Marriott the front desk staff would not offer me a free upgrade to make up for this--instead offered me the opportunity to pay for an upgrade at 55 pounds per night to concierge floor. I thought this was a little tight-fisted, especially seeing my family standing in front of them with my daughter on crutches with a knee injury (you'd think that under the circumstances the upgrade would be comp'd). The upgrade included full access to concierge lounge for breakfast, evening appetizers and night dessert. After agreeing to this upgrade and filling out paperwork the clerk said...Oh, and by the way children under 16 not allowed in concierge lounge (would have been nice to know that upfront!) but here is a voucher for breakfast at the hotel restaurant. That was a fair tradeoff, although our all-day access to the lounge was compromised by our daughter being underage. Restaurant staff proceeded to screw up the billing of our complimentary breakfast literally every day--charging different/incorrect rates every day and actually charging it to the room, not making the charges complimentary. Had to go to front desk multiple times to fix this. Very annoying but in the end it did get resolved.These hassles were relatively minor and did not detract too much from our otherwise wonderful stay. Concierge-floor room included 2 queen-size beds, bathrobes, umbrella (needed in London!), etc. Ice machine on concierge floor--convenient. Hotel was very quiet, never heard other guests (although we did not have a street-facing floor, which helped I'm sure).Housekeeping was excellent, although slightly inconsistent. Constantly rearranged our towels so we could not keep straight whose was whose. Sometimes replenished soap/shampoo, sometimes did not. Turndown service sometimes provided nice floormats by beds for dirty shoes, sometimes did not. Disappointments: internet service not included in upgrade, and at 15 pounds/day was far too steep for me to stomach. No way to get cheap internet access in immediate vicinity of hotel. Starbucks across the street required T-Mobile membership (which I don't have) and FedEx/Kinkos 3 blocks away charged 1 pound for 10 minutes--reasonable but there are far more affordable internet cafes to be found in London.As mentioned by others, Holborn tube is very close--about a 3-minute walk. May bus lines stop either right in front of hotel or down the block by tube. If you're unfamiliar with London bus service, do ask questions and plan carefully first. Some buses that go into central London and stop at hotel on Holborn do not necessarily return by exact same route because eastbound buses on Holborn are diverted north--we discovered this the hard way late at nght returning from the theatre, wound up about 8 blocks from hotel and had to hail a cab. The neighborhood is busy, vibrant, but not necessarily the best for tourists with kids. Many law and business firms in the area and London School of Economics. So there are grocery stores, banks, cafes, breakfast spots, many pubs but not a tremendous selection of family-friendly restaurants for dinner. Two great pizza places across street from hotel, but in general we found ourselves dining elsewhere, not in the neighborhood.	
Aug 21 2008 	Gorgeous hotel	Very charming hotel, great location. Everything as expected, beautiful as expected.I stayed in the executive room, which was very simple, comparing to the rest of the hotel.	
Aug 19 2008 	Nice but by no means 'Wow'!	The entrance is extremely impressive and the reception is fabulous. The rooms however vary greatly! We were 'upgraded' to a club room but it turned out to be smaller than our friend's standard room so don't be fooled! It may be central London but the bar prices are ridiculous with no residents bar. Breakfast was nice, buffet style with lots to choose from though the food in general was nothing special. In a nutshell I wouldn't recommend to friends - I think the extra money for a room here would be much better spent on the sights of London!	
Aug 11 2008 	Great Hotel.. Stay there	Great hotel and superb location. Able to walk everywhere and service was superb. It was pricey but its 5* and worth every penny.Rooms good size and people in hotel could not do enough for you.Cant wait to go back	
Jul 27 2008 	Fabulous Hotel and Great Stay!	This luxurious hotel is located in a great London neighborhood just a half a block from the Tube and close to almost everything tourists visit. The hotel staff was warm and welcoming. Everything about our stay was perfect. The bedding, the mattresses, the large room, the marble bathroom, the Concierge Lounge, and even the lobby were all outstanding features of this classy hotel.The hotel interiors feature seven different kinds of marble from all over the world. It has history and character.We loved our stay!	
Jul 25 2008 	Great Location	The hotel is beautiful and conveniently located 1/2 block from the underground station. 20 minute walk to Covant Garden which is like a big in-door street market and most of the major theatres. Starbuck &amp; McDonald is across the street. There is also a Japanese fast food place across the street as well. Most major tour companies pick up at this hotel as well. You can get to the hotel via underground (there is only 1 line from the airport, you will not have problem.) by getting off at the Holborn station and the hotel is on the same block as the station. From the hotel to Eurostar station, take the sam underground and get off at King's Cross St. Pancras and you are there.	
Jul 18 2008 	Amazing	stayed in executive room with two children. plenty of room. great furnishings, beds, etc. all first class. view not too exciting, but everything else about hotel was excellent. great service, close to tube stop, good breakfast. will stay there again.	
Jul 14 2008 	Great Hotel	Beautiful Hotel with a very helpful staff. Great location. Room was very nice. A must place to stay.	
Jul 14 2008 	Beautiful Hotel but Rude Dismissive Hotel Staff	We stayed in London for 4 days after Cunard's QM2 cruise to Norway disembarked in Southampton. We were dropped off on High Holborn where a hotel staff member stands guard. He NEVER even offered to assist us into the courtyard. Was totally oblivious that guests were arriving. Fortunately two kind business men from street assisted us with our bags. The front desk clerk was surly and not the least bit friendly. It was so obvious he despised Americans. He assigned us a room - on a very low floor - which actually was lovely....but not until the next morning did we realize he put us DIRECTLY OVER a garbage pickup/hotel delivery point. Garbage was collected as early as 5:00AM and deliveries were constant - and the trucks beeped and roared for over an hour each morning. It was impossible to fall asleep during the racket. It was extremely upsetting....and we asked for a different room...but was told it was totally booked...which it totally was not. We had no choice but to remain there for the rest of our stay - as it was part of our hotel.land.sea package with Cunard. The Hostess in the Restaurant was downright creepy and obnoxious. We never have ANY trouble or incidents on ANY of our travels...but we could not wait to leave this hotel. They seemed to fawn over the obviously well-heeled with British accents....but US people beware.....I heard it more than once while I was there...how RUDE and DISMISSIVE the staff were.	
Jul 10 2008 	Good Hotel - VERY pricey	We stayed at this hotel to use our Marriot points. We liked the hotel and the location is fine - near the Undrerground station - so access to the city is fine. It is a short walk to Covent Gardens, and we even walked to Westminster Abbey and the Cabinet War Rooms, Trafalgar Square and a few other sights too. They tried to bill us 98 pounds per day for breakfast for 4 people at the hotel. But we got it for free - so if you are paying cash for your stay - eat elsewhere - the breakfast was not worth 98 pounds per day. The room was clean and comfortable and the service was fine. It is what you would expect from a hotel of this price range but nothing that wowed us.	
Jul 4 2008 	Impressive immaculate hotel but pricey	As soon as you walk into the courtyard outside the hotel you know you're going to have a great stay at this place - even the reception looks and smells great!The rooms are impressive and bathroom nice - both a decent size and you get White Company toiletries along with the usual bathrobes etc.The room service food I had was excellent but expensive for what is was. Although my bircher muesli did look like a work of art I wouldn't have paid £13.95 for it if I wasn't there on business!The staff were very friendly and helpful, not pretentious at all and the location of the hotel near Holborn tube station was ideal for the course I was attending.My only negative comment would be that the broadband in the room was not wireless and the wire was only long enough to allow you to use your laptop at the desk, from where you couldn't see the television - but that's maybe just me being picky.Overall this is a great hotel, although I still prefer the Mayfair hotel (which is also a bit cheaper) and would thoroughly recommend it to anyone staying in London, whether it be on business or pleasure.	
Jun 25 2008	Fabulous Hotel	We selected this hotel because we had Marriott points, but we would recommend it whether you're using points or cash. Everything about it met our expectations -- location, size of rooms, food, service, etc. We checked in early and were given a room on the top floor that was small and noisy (located beside the elevator equipment). When we complained, we were immediately given a nicer, larger, quieter room, and our luggage was even moved for us while we were out. It seems that we were given the small room because it was available when we checked in at 10 a.m. -- which we appreciated, as we were able to rest before heading out to see London. Everyone on staff was exceedingly polite and helpful. And the property is beautiful!! Enjoy your stay.	
Jun 21 2008 	Superb!	My husband and I and our 2 teenage daughters spent a week end there on one of the hotel's week end special package.It was an excellent choice.Hotel is in a strategic location,a couple of minutes from Holburn tube and walking distance to various conveniences like eating outlets and convenience stores.Staff at the hotel were excellent.Room was a good size,2 double beds and very comfortable for 4 of us. We arrived early in the morning from an overnight flight and the hotel was good enough to let us check in at 10am. Very happy with our choice of accomodation.We will certainly stay there again on our next visit to London.	
Jun 20 2008 	a little disappointing	Our room was very comfortable and clean. Surprisingly, the area was a bit out of the way for our needs. Skip afternoon tea. We always do tea when available, but for a London property, their tea was quite sub par. For reasonably priced and tasty fish and chips, turn left onto the street in front and left in the first narrow passageway close by to a pub a few doors down. Decent food and prices. Buy your double decker city tour bus ticket later in the day and use it for 24 hours over two days. Use the included river cruise.	
Jun 10 2008 	Cheers for Chancery Court	My husband and I spent three nights in London in May, the weather was dire, but the Chancery Court Hotel was fine,friendly and fabulous. A historic listed building, splendid exterior, spacious high-ceiling rooms, super comfy beds, posh linens, well equipped bathrooms, quiet and elegant. Close to British Museum, St. Paul's, Tate Modern etc. Walk to Covent Garden and Theatre District. Holborn Tube 3 minutes away. Don't miss Sir John Soane's Museum in Lincoln's Inn Fields nearby. Found a &quot;caff &quot; with bacon, egg, beans, toast and hot tea breakfast for $6 round the corner on Kingsway.A great place to stay in a very expensive city.	
Jun 7 2008 	Very pleased with the Renaissance Chancery Court	I have stayed in this hotel thrice since 2006 and have been satisfied at every visit. The rooms are very spacious and the bathroom elegant and with more than sufficient space. As I had booked one of the cheapest rates possible from this hotel, the view of my room was not great as it was of the back facing another building. The only minuses are the choice of channels on their television. While CNN and the BBC were available the other BBC channels with period dramas etc... were not. Also, free wireless internet would have been great since ordinarily their hotel rates are in the GBP 300 range. The breakfast buffet is substantial. The staff is friendly and accommodating and the cleaning impeccable. The beds are also very big and can comfortably fit 4 persons.	
Jun 3 2008 	Very satisfied	My wife and I stayed at Renaissance Chancery Court London for a long weekend over Memorial Day. The hotel is elegant, spotless and in excellent repair. Our upgraded room was large and well appointed and we were given access to the lounge where we ate breakfast (Marriott Gold benefits). The staff was polite and attentive to every need.The neighborhood is a little quiet in the evening, but it is a short (15 minute) walk to Covent Garden and there is an underground station on the same block - very convenient. I thought that the rate of 145 GBP was very reasonable for the quality of the hotel and room. We live in Manhattan where a comparable room would have been at least 50 percent more (even accounting for the exchange rate).We will stay here again.	
Jun 3 2008	Yes Yes Yes Yes....Yes!!!!!	Words simply cannot express. This is everything a nice hotel should be. The smell of fresh flowers greets you the minute you walk through the front door! We stayed here on the last leg of our anniversary trip to Europe. 11 days, 3 countries, and all stays with Marriott points. This one was the best stay we had--ever. Get access to the club lounge if you can - it's worth it! For Marriott rewards regulars this lounge is the best one I've ever been too--no contest. It's open 7 days a week for breakfast (with some hot items), happy hour and dessert hour. There are different slecetions of HOT appetizers and beautiful desserts every nights--not just something they put out as an afterthought. This hotel is very convienent to the Holborn Tube station, the staff is friendly and proffesional, we walked to the theater district, etc.When you walk back to this hotel from a day exploring London it's like stepping into another world. You must walk down an alley off the main street to get to the court or sqaure that the actual hotel is located on/in. It almost feels like you are walking into your own manor house. Trust me....this place rules.	
Jun 2 2008 	One of Londons Best Hotels	This hotel is impressive. It is located in Holburn and is ideal for the theater district and Covent Garden. It is an old historic property which has been transformed into a luxury hotel. Most of the staff are from elsewhere in Europe but their customer service is exceptional. It is not a hotel for young children. We found the rooms to be quiet and well appointed. We did not us the restaurant because there are many restaurants and coffee shops around.	
May 27 2008 	wonderful hotel	My wife daughter and me stayed here for 2 nights in a deluxe room with no view. The room had two double beds and was well serviced throughout the stay. It did have a connecting door but there was no noise from the room next door as some other Trip Advisors had noted.Breakfast was served in either the lounge or the Pearl restaurant and thank goodness was included in the room rate as it totalled £60.00 per day! and I had to sign for this ( even though it was included) The Pearl Restuarant ( with waiter service) was closed on the Bank Holiday Monday and this was not pointed out before the stay. It was not made apparent which room we had breakfast in but the Pearl Restaurant was included in the room rate.The Bar is very expensive ( £5 a pint and £ 150.00 for a top grade cognac) plus 12.5% service charge on top of the bill, perhaps not uncommon in London.Location is a quiet area of London and it is very close to Holborn tube and within walking distance to Covent Garden ( 10 minutes)Overall this is an above average clean hotel with friendly and helpful staff and one of the best hotels I have stayed in.	
May 13 2008 	WOW !!!	I have never stayed at a hotel as grate as this - what an experiance !!! A bit far from Oxfordstreet but still in a walking distance. I don´t thing that anything can top this hotel.	
May 4 2008 	very enjoyable stay	We had a very enjoyable stay at this hotel. Service was efficient and very friendly. We were given good recommendations upon questions where to go or how etc. The hotel is very well kept and we really loved the building. The room itself was big and furnished well - however not exciting or special whatsoever. There’s no particular view but this was mentioned when booking. The only really negative aspect was that the room was slightly noisy so we couldn’t really sleep in Sunday morning. This was not a problem for us as we had plenty to do in London…Location is great – nice area, well connected by tube and very central. The hotel is not a bargain but what you get is worth the money.	
May 1 2008 	Not Everything It Should Have Been..	I chose this hotel based on the reviews in tripadvisor and was not too impressed I'm afraid. The weekend stay was for a very special occation but while in the hotel it didn't feel like one. We spent the first few hours there wondering, &quot;What is that noise&quot;? We discovered that our room was next to two service elevantor shafts on one side and another lift on the other side of the room, which meant we had noise all day and night. The next day we mentioned this at reception and were upgraded but it's frustrating that they should have given us the room in the first place.Overall it lacked some of the nice touches you expect while staying in a good hotel. The reception staff were not as friendly as we would have expected either.I will say that the location is excellent, close to the city, Covent Garden, shops and South Bank etc. The building very nice too.	
Apr 30 2008 	Best Hotel I've Ever Stayed In	This place rocks! The room was huge and extremely well-maintained by London standards. The staff from check-in, to the Club Lounge, to check-out were extremely welcoming and helpful. The location right near Holborn tube station was perfect and it was really nice to be able to go for a run down and along the Thames each morning. The only drawback would be the price...if I had paid (thank God I was using points), it would have been extremely dear but if you ever want to splurge and have a wonderful time, this is the place!	
Apr 22 2008 	Thumbs Up	We just returned from a whirlwind week in London and Paris. We stayed Saturday and Sunday in London, took the chunnel train to Paris on Monday and came back to the Chancery Court on Friday. The first stay was fine. We had two rooms booked (one double and one triple) and by European standards they were huge. Breakfast was included in the room rate and we went one morning to the lounge for the buffet (just so so) and the next day to the Pearl restaurant where the food was cooked to order (very good). The location was great and we could have walked to many sights except that it SNOWED! So our walking around was limited by the weather, however the Holborn underground station was just 2 blocks away and very convenient. When we returned after Paris, our rooms were not ready so we went and had tea in the lounge. Very nice (yummy scones) but service is very slow in here. Our rooms were still not ready so we went out to get a taxi to go to the London Eye. While we were waiting, the young man from reception came running out with a key to one of our rooms, very apologetic about the situation. I know that rooms cannot always be ready when you want them and sincere regret for the situation goes a long way to making it OK. I truly felt that this man was very anxious for us to be satisfied within his ability to do so. This is a hallmark of good service, I think.Anyway these rooms were on the other side of the hotel and much nicer then the previous ones that were just fine. This side of the hotel seemed to have the suites and had a grand staircase and was just overall prettier. I asked if I was coming back how would I request a room on that side vs. the other and was told to say I want to &quot;face High Holborn.&quot;  On our last night we walked to the Shaftsbury theater to see Hairspray and then to the Ivy for late supper and then walked back to the hotel. We were 3 adult women and two little girls and never felt any concern for safety.All in all a good experience. I would stay here again in a minute	
Apr 17 2008	I bloody love this hotel!!	I work in the hotel industry and this is my favourite hotel in the whole world!! Its like staying in a palace! My room was massive, the food and service at the Pearl restaurant were second to none and I just can't recommend it enough!!	
Apr 12 2008 	Top Class Hotel	In my opinion a top notch hotel in the heart of London. Very nice and calm atmosphere. The room war really spacious not only for London standards but in general - nice and very comfortable king bed, large desk and a seperate sitting area. Everything was in perfect condition and very clean including the large bathroom. Built around an inner courtyard it is also really quiet for a central London hotel. No particularly nice views though because of that. Service was polite and attentive, but still rather reserved and not very outgoing.Just around the corner from the hotel is Holborn tube station with direct service to Heathrow airport which in this case is even faster than taking the more expensive Heathrow Express service. It is also walking distance from Bloomsbury, Covent Garden and even Leicester Square making it an ideal base for the West End.I really enjoyed the stay and will probably return. One has to say though that this excellent hotel comes at the price of rather high rates. Certainly worth it but also not especially a bargain.	
Apr 6 2008	Hugely overrated	Don't get me wrong. This is a decent hotel - it is just no where close to being as amazing as some of these reviews would have you believe! The public areas of the hotel are nice, the rooms are a good size for london (although very old fashioned in decor) and the location is good, especially for theatre breaks. However, if you are booking thinking this is 5 star and expecting those extra special signs of 5 star luxury you will be sorely disappointed. This hotel probably just scrapes into the 5 star category by its stunning exterior and very nice restaurant. The rest is like any other 3 or 4 star tourist hotel in london. In short, nice? Yes. 5 star luxury? Not even close.	
Apr 2 2008 	You will feel like royalty	Our Hotel the Renaissance Chancery Court Holborn, exceeded our expectations and we would definately stay there again. The room was large and well equiped enough for 2 adults and 2 children (7 and 3yrs) we had two queen sized beds and were very comfortable. Our only regret was not having an evening meal at the hotel, as the breakfast we were served was so good I can only guess how special an evening meal would have been. I had smoked Salmon with scrambled egg ,asparagus and caviar. Traditional english breakfast was of excellent quality and if you really wanted there was a &quot;chocolate breakfast&quot; option!the hotel staff really did pay individual attention to each guest and our children were made to feel welcolme.The location is within walking distance of Covent garden and Holborn tube station is just a short stroll away. The hotel is a bit pricey but aat recepion they told us that they had started to accept &quot;Tesco vouchers&quot;, which is how we will be paying the next time we are there.	
Mar 30 2008 	Great hotel especially if you are hard of hearing!	I stayed at the Renaissance Chancery Court recently and found many aspects of the hotel to be simply excellent, others less so however. As you would expect from this up-market chain levels of cleanliness, style and facilities are of a high standard. In particular, the person who trains the staff must be complimented because I found them all to be first rate. Whenever we met a staff member we were greeted with a smile and spoken to politely. Often in other hotels this is absent, but civility is very much on the menu at Chancery Court. I forgot some shaving materials and asked for supplies at the front desk. Upon my return to the room the materials had been left for me with a note and a chocolate.The public areas are very attractive, in a classic London club style with lots of space and calm colours. Similarly the bedroom [I stayed in a Deluxe room] was spacious and clean. I had two queen sized beds in my room and a double sink bathroom with large tub and especially large shower cubicle. Toiletries were high quality as well. The beds were comfortable, however in common with many hotels the pillows were a far too soft for my liking. The mini bar is well stocked and there are tea and coffee making facilities. For business users the desk area is of a good size and is comfortable for working.It has been mentioned on this forum previously that the walls in the hotel are thin - not only do I agree with this but I also agree that should you be offered a room that has a connecting door you should request to be moved at once, especially if you have children. I was in such a room and was awoken at 0715 by the couple in the adjoining room who were engaging in some noisy early morning loving, shall we say. Had I had my children with me I would have been very embarrassed and would have found the episode really quite distressing. Of course I am aware that a weekend in a hotel is booked so that we can sometimes have some quality time with a loved one, and that is great, but I would rather not have to listen to others having their fun, or worse still have to explain it to my kids. The breakfast was less than I would have expected from hotel of this calibre. Yes the food was fresh and yes there was a wide range of breads, cold cuts, hot plate and diary items, but there were signs that someone is not really keeping a firm grip on what people need and want. Some of the fruit was out of season, unripe, hard and tasteless and the toaster only produced warm bread. The breakfast area is quite small and I overheard a family of four being told that there was not a table available for them at that time they wanted breakfast. I find this incredible as there were only about another 10 table active with diners at the time. How can a hotel of this standard not be able to accommodate a small family at breakfast? Breakfast is a meal taken at the residents discretion, and as such a hotel simply must be in a position to cope, no questions asked.Overall the Renaissance Chancery Court was a bit hit and miss for me. So many areas are first class, especially the staff, and yet some aspects are really off putting. Would I stay here again, probably yes, I would. However I would need to get a great deal and would know what to look out for and avoid on my next visit.	
Mar 20 2008 	great locationgreat service great room	We stayed here with our children and the hotel was a great choice for us. It is very close to the Holburn tube station and an easy walk to Covent Garden. Our room was on the 6th floor, very spacious with 2 double beds, sitting area and huge bathroom.The hotel recommended Strada Italian restaurant that is on Long Acre and it was wonderful. It is quiet on the weekends in this area, which was fine with us. It is also a short walk to the British Museum, which our kids loved. We spent a whole day there and did not scratch the surface! The hotel provides umbrellas in the rooms in case you forget yours and other nice touches such as chocolates, robes, slippers. There is also a converter in the room. Overall, a great hotel and perfect location for us. We would choose to stay here again without hesitation.	
Mar 16 2008	Great place to stay. Close to the underground.	Amazing courtyard. Great service. Nice location near the underground.	
Mar 16 2008 	Let down by room	First let me say that in many ways this is a lovely hotel. The staff were really exceptional from porters to waitresses to reception. The breakfast was fantastic and the location is great. The Pearl Restaurant looked beautiful (but we didn't dare go in). We found it very family friendly overall.We had booked using Tesco clubcards and they kindly upgraded our room (without us asking) to give us more space for our two little ones. So what was wrong. Well primarily that upgraded room. It looked onto a dingy courtyard. We were pleased with its size and cleanliness (except windows) but we had a door adjoining to the next occupied room. I totally back a previous reviewer who said it is paper thin.At 9pm the American occupants (and their friends) decided to come back after a few drinks. You would have thought they were in our room the noise so was so severe. We couldn't even hear the TV. They shouted and laughed for hours. I felt I couldn't complain because it was so early but by 1am I asked the manager to come up. Which he did immediately. The kids couldn't get to sleep because of the racket - so it was a disaster. Next morning we asked if we would have the same problem the next night because if so we would like to move rooms. 'No' we were told - 'no occupants tonight'. At 9.30pm someone walks in and starts coughing and coughing and coughing. All night long! We hardly slept for two nights.So the moral is; if you get a room with a connecting door - ask to move immediately.and one last moan; I know room service is expensive and accept I'm going to pay way over the odds for food. However, the truffle gnocchi was a joke. £15 spent on a few inedible blobs that resembled no gnocchi I know and certainly no truffles.Such a shame because otherwsie such a good hotel.	
Mar 14 2008 	Not your typical generic chain hotel	The Renaissance is divine, from its location to its decor. High Holborn is a busy street, and it's very easy to hail a cab and quickly get to the more interesting areas (e.g., Oxford Street), though these areas are definitely reachable by foot--a 10-minute walk to Covent Garden and 15 to shopping areas, for instance. For farther destinations, Holborn tube station is less than a block away. Now, back to the hotel: The exterior is gorgeous, as is the courtyard-via-an-archway entrance. Front desk, concierge, and other staff were polite, friendly, and efficient. They brought me anything I asked for, at any time, and quicker than the call itself! An adapter, matches, even items from the gift shop! (though, housekeeping was hit or miss--some days thorough, some days not). Room was spacious and the bed, extremely comfortable and cozy. Bathroom was beautifully appointed. Room service was prompt, but even more astounding, very good! Don't know whether this was in relation to the general mediocrity of the restaurants in the area, but I have to say, for food delivered on a cart (albeit with fresh flowers and nice linens), it was divine. Have stayed here 4 times over the course of 2 years, in different rooms, and was recieved by the same level of service and top-notch accomodations. By my second visit, the doormen and concierge remembered me and greeted me personally!There are probably more personal, unique, and London-esque hotels out there, but for anyone looking for the amenities and predictability of major chain hotels but with superior service, comfort, and design, Renaissance is it!	
Mar 10 2008 	The only hotel of choice for me when in London	I stay at this hotel several times per year when in London for business and I must say that this is the best hotel, hands down. The property itself is exquisite. The staff is incredibly friendly and will do their best to accomodate your requests. The hotel is in the best location. You can walk to Trafalgar Square, Buckingham Palace, Covent Garden, Picadilly, Soho etc., etc. If you enjoy a nice Cuban cigar, you can do so at The Bar which is the pub/lounge located in the hotel. The staff in The Bar are great, the manager is one of the nicest fellow you can find. If you choose to have breakfast at the hotel, they put on a great buffet in the mornings. I guess it can be pricey but I let corporate headquarters worry about paying for my breakfast. The hotel also has a service where they will pick you up from the airport in a very nice car for the same price as taking a taxi. The concierge service is spot on. They scored me reservations to Ronnie Scots at the last minute, and if anyone familar with jazz and Ronnie Scots (the oldest Jazz club in London) know its a pretty hard place to get into sometimes especially on weekends. I could go on and on about this hotel but I think you all get that I really love this place and will not stay anywhere else while in London, not even at my relatives who live in London. Yes, I now live in the United States but grew up in England.	
Mar 9 2008 	Loved it	The best location for a 5 star hotel. A 2 min walk to the Heron tube station. Starbucks is across the street. I loved everything about my stay. The interior of the hotel is like something out of a dream or a fairytale. The staff was so cheerful and aided in my actually relaxing. Next time I will schedule my spa treatments in advance.	
Mar 6 2008 	Simply Lovely	Stayed here using points last Spring. From check in to check out we were pampered by the staff. They were great. The rooms were impeccable and a very nice size. The beds were very comfortable. The location was very convenient to the tube on one of the central lines. There was a Starbucks just down the block. I would highly recommend staying at this hotel when in London. We ate at Pearl, the restaurant at the hotel. The food was good, but I found it overpriced for what you got (but then again, I had just been in Paris!).My friend and I both got massages at the Spa. It was one of the best massages I have ever had anywhere in the world. And considering the steep prices in London for most everything, I found the spa prices to be quite reasonable.	
Mar 4 2008 	Excellent Stay - But Pricey	I stayed the night of March 1 - 2, 2008. CHECK-IN: Excellent. Fast, polite, and helpful. The woman who checked me in was very pleasant and professional. I was upgraded to a club level room with a city view.ROOM: Very nice: large, high ceilings, lots of light , very quiet, and immaculately clean. Excellent air conditioning was appreciated as it was unseasonably warm and sunny. Wonderful bed and luxurious linens and pillows. The marble bathroom was beautiful and large. The tub/shower combination was great. Powerful shower and an ovesized tub for soaking. Lots of fluffy towels. The curtains in this room were also very well designed to allow one side to overlap the other thus really keeping out the light from the large window in the morning. The mini bar actually had great choices in it, althought I didn't have an opportunity to use them.SERVICE: Excellent. Staff were uniformly polite, pleasant, and professional.CONCIERGE LOUNGE: Beautiful. This is one of the nicer lounges I have seen at a Renaissance/Marriott property. The breakfast buffet was excellent. Lots of choices and everything was very good. I had a window table with a very comfortable leather chair which was a great place to relax and read the Sunday Times. GYM: Very nice. Lots of machines with personal TVs and headphones, dumbells, mats for stretching, water, towels, fruit, marble bathroom, etc. Also, huge windows that overlooked the street providing lots of natural light. A little on the small side, but overall an great facility.SPA: Wonderful, pure bliss. I highly recommend a visit to the SPA, but BOOK AHEAD. It's popular and very busy. It's expensive, about $160.00 (80 Pounds) for a 55 minute massage. If you buy a treatment, however, you can use the facilities which are pure luxury. One detail: The SPA is in the basement of the hotel so there is no natural lighting. This was not a problem for me, but if you're expecting or wanting windows and natural light, you'll be dissappointed. The massage was one of the best I've ever had.BAR: Beautiful although very expensive. I had a drink before dinner - $21.00 (10.50 pounds). I think this is about the most I've ever paid for a single cocktail, but it was delicious and the surroundings were absolutely wonderful. The crowd was lively and fun too.PEARL RESTAURANT: This is a beautiful restaurant and the service is superb. Good, but not great food. I enjoyed my dinner here but at $200.00 for a tasting menu with wine, I felt it was over -priced. And, while good, I've had better meals for less. I would return although I'd choose a less expensive option such as the two or three course menu. The three course option was about 55 Pounds - $110.00. TRANSPORT FROM HEATHROW: It is VERY EASY to get to this hotel on the Underground from Heathrow. Take the Picadilly Circus (?) line towards Cockfosters to the Holborn Station. When you get off the train, find the exit to HIGH HOLBORN Street. When you exit onto the sidewalk, turn right. The hotel will be about 100 to 125 yards on your right - - same side of the street as the station. The Underground train from the airport is a local and will take about 45 minutes to 1 hour and can get very crowded. You should be able to get a comfortable seat since you're getting on at the airport which is the beginning of the route back to London. But it's much cheaper than other options and the most convenient way to get to and from the hotel. I tried the Heathrow Express from Paddington Station on the way back to Heathrow. It is only 15 minutes, but the cost is much more and you have the added expense of a cab fare to Paddington Station from the Hotel. Also, when you get to Heathrow, you arrive at &quot;Heathrow Central&quot; for terminals 1, 2, and 3. You have to take another tram to your terminal - - unless you're going to terminal 4. The Express stops at Terminal 4. The Underground, however, stops directly at Terminal 3 and I think at terminals 1 and 2 as well - - but better check - - so you walk off the train and right into terminal 3 to catch your plane.LOCATION: Great. Not far from Covent Gardens and the West End.VALUE: This hotel is very expensive, but this is London. I checked other options at the high end and this was, comparatively, a fairly good deal. I would, however, recommend getting as many options as possible bundled into your rate.MARRIOTT REWARD POINTS: This would be a great place to use your Marriott Reward points since all hotels in London are so expensive - - especially for Americans since the exchange rate is so bad.OVERALL: An excellent choice. I had a very nice experience here and would definitley return.	
Feb 25 2008 	Paper thin walls	I was booked in here for a business trip, and was quite looking forward to the visit given the generally very good reviews the hotel gets. However, I came away largely disappointed. The staff were very friendly and the room pleasant but I was amazed in a hotel of this apparent calibre to be woken in the night by beaing able to hear the person in the room next door urinating into their toilet - the wall must have been literally paper thin so loud was the sound - not a pleasant thing to be woken by. How about some investment in decent soundproofing? Not what I'd expect in this price range.	
Feb 24 2008 	wonderful stay	My husband, two teenagers, and I just returned yesterday from a week long stay at this hotel and were very happy with our room and the hotel. I had booked the room using Marriott points, and had contacted the hotel through email to ensure a rollaway bed could be used in the room. They suggested upgrading to a larger room, for a supplement, and we did. The room was very spacious, with a small sofa, two easy chairs, plus a desk. It looked out onto the courtyard, and was very quiet. We arrived early in the morning, and were able to check in right away. The rollaway bed appeared in the room immediately. The staff could not have been more welcoming or efficient. Our requests to the concierge and front desk were all handled well. The hotel building is magnificent, with lots of mahogany and marble. It is very convenient to the tube. There are lots of places nearby for coffee, sandwiches, and pizza-excellent for those hungry teenagers! Covent Garden is within a 10 min walk.The area does shut down a great deal on the weekends, though. Our family felt very safe and welcome there. We would certainly stay at this hotel again!	
Feb 19 2008 	lean and comfortable but soulless	We stayed for 2 nights (Friday and Saturday) in a 'deluxe' room and got exactly what we expected. The room was huge for London, with very high ceilings and lovely marble bathroom. The bed was comfortable and the air-conditiong great. The location of the hotel was for us great. The British Museum is a 4/5 min walk away, Holburn tube station 1 min walk and the whole area is nice and quiet for the weekend (everyone else having disappeared out of the City for the weekend.) You can easily walk anywhere you want, and on the Saturday morning we walked down Kingsway to the river, along Embankment in the parks, up through Westminster seeing Big Ben etc, through St James' Park, past Buck House and on to Harrods. We took the tube back to Holburn and it was very relaxing all in all.Breakfast was a real disappointment. having stayed in any marriott properties this was, for a 5 star hotel pretty poor. Normally breakfast is served inthe main retaurants in Marriotts but at the CC it was served in the Lounge. It was buffet only served on temporary tables and did not have the same choice as other hotels. We were presented with the bill halfway through breakfast (despite breakfast being included in our rate) and I was horrified that for the two of us it would have been £47.00!! For breakfast!! That is much more than any other marriott hotel I have ever stayed in, anywhere in the world. No wonder there were hardly any other guests having breakfast. Having said these things though there are some good points. The cot for our 18 month old son was ready and waiting in the room, the virtual concierge worked as we had said we were arriving early (11.30am) and the room was ready as promised, and they gave us a free late check-out to 2.30pm. It was very quiet at night and we awoke refreshed and comfortable. The staff were efficient but very 'cold', but this is no different to any other predominantly business hotels we have stayed in before. Overall It was a good stay but nothing more than I would have expected from a hotel charging £230.00 per room per night.	
Feb 17 2008 	Disappointment	It was such a disappointment that I complained and they gave me a free night's stay afterwards, which I did not even bother using.I suppose the room was an average London 5-star room - i.e. a low 4-star anywhere else. We stayed on the Executive Floor and the breakfast was nothing short of a joke - nothing like the feast you get at Renaissance Gatwick!The location is okay - it's walking distance from the West End theatres, but still out of the way of the hustle and bustle. The building itself, as well, was nice and grand. All they need is a competent manager who would sort their kitchen and customer services out and you'd have a great London hotel!I will give a positive mention to the young lady at the Executive Floor helpdesk - she was very knowledgeable and helpful... and the only person who spoke understandable English out of the whole lot.	
Feb 11 2008 	Dissapointed	Booked day before arrival as a quick treat fro son's 9th birthday. Not easy to get a family room in top end hotels at short notice so was pleased to get good deal at this one, decent location. Contacted hotel to ask for cake or similar to be in room on arrival, this did'nt happen, nor did it happen when we were out during the day or the evening the moment had passed - at 10.30pm his birthday was all but over.No porterage from cab to check-in and no porterage from check-in to room. Check-in staff efficient but miserable no &quot;welcome&quot; and certainly no acknowledgment of our 9 and 10 year old. Door staff equally as &quot;quiet&quot; throughout the stay. Our room was fine, no view but clean and of a standard I would expect. Bar service verging on too attentitive but good and breakfast excellent.Don't think the hotel is particularly interested in the weekend family trade but they need to remember that family people do business and business people have families. back to Le Meridien and Sofitel St james for us.	
Feb 7 2008 	Excellent in all respects!	I booked this hotel through the Marriott website after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor. The room assigned was equivalent to an American &quot;executive king&quot; with a small sitting area (couch/coffee table), two bureaus for clothes and closet. The bed was very comfortable and bathroom was reasonably large. There is a concierge lounge that provides breakfast (am) and canapes (pm) which is kept refreshed throughout the day. The concierge desk on that level is also regularly staffed and ready to answer questions or provide information.The bar and restaurant are pricey - especially with the low value of the dollar, but service was excellent and the food acceptable or better. The reception, doormen, house staff were uniformly helpful and welcoming. The only area of weakness was from the lobby concierge in arranging restaurant reservations outside of the hotel in a timely manner. This is an outstanding property with excellent location that I highly recommend.	
Feb 5 2008 	Good hotel - but the breakfast!	First of all the hotel is superbly situated, well within reach of many of the main London Tourist attractions and close to theatre-land. There are also many pubs and restaurants (including the Covent Garden area) well within walking distance. In the main we managed to avoid London Transport' services - for those who don't know, a single journey anywhere on the underground is £4 or alternatively be blackmailed into a pass-card system! The hotel like other good London accommodation is not cheap and it advertises it's room rates without VAT (Value Added Tax). This is not uncommon in London but it is nevertheless poor practice in my view - remember you are not seeing the true rate. The hotel used to belong to an insurance company and it is obvious that serious money has been invested in it. All the public rooms were very plush and tasteful and this luxury seems to extend to the bedrooms. They kindly upgraded us to an Executive Room. It was well furnished with two seats plus a settee, a working desk, a coffee table, good wardrobe accommodation and a safe. The lighting was just about adequate. The bathroom was pleasantly tiled and a reasonable size although the bath was small - it was too small for me and I am only 5' 8&quot;! The towels were skimpy with American sized bath towels instead of proper bath sheets and even the hand towels were inadequate. A 5 star bathroom should also have a shaving mirror and towel rails for the hand towels. This one didn't. The staff were exceptionally good. We were welcomed on arrival and throughout our stay were treated with considerable courtesy. The bar is pleasant (at least I think it was as it was inadequately lit and it was difficult to see) but very very pricey. A pint of ordinary beer was £5 and, on top of that they added a12.5% service charge and then invited you when signing the bill to add a further gratuity. They have a sense of humour!!! I would advise using a local pub of which there are plenty nearby. The breakfast was poor. The cold buffet was modest to say the least and the &quot;hot&quot; breakfast was lukewarm - all of it including the bacon, sausages and hash browns - like so many British hotels. For the price charged (I think it was £23.50) a five star hotel should not be offering a hot buffet. They should be serving breakfast from individual orders on hot plates. On the first morning the plate was almost completely cold although on the second morning it was quite hot. I put the same slices of bread through the toaster on day one five times (and I am not exagerating) without it browning correctly. I complained to the person who seemed to be in charge and a few minutes later she brought me three slices of toast all brown on one side and untouched on the other. On day two the breakfast was equally as lukewarm but I got away with putting the bread through the toaster only twice - charred on one side slightly underdone on the other. Scrambled eggs (also lukewarm) were the norm although I think one could order fried eggs - but nobody actually told me. In addition, no-one bothered to asked me if I was satisfied with the breakfast or troubled to bid us farewell when we left.  Unless your room rate includes breakfast I would suggest you go elswhere at a small fraction of the cost. Coming out of the hotel turn left and a few yards along the street go down a small lane where there are at least two cafes offering breakfast. They must be better - at least I hope they are! However, overall the hotel probably just about lived up to it's star rating and I would actually go back if they succeed in holding their prices - although probably on a room rate without breakfast!	
Jan 30 2008 	Fabulous hotel	Stayed here in October 2007 with my husband and 11 year old son. The hotel is luxuriously furnished and the rooms spacious and very comfortable. The service was excellent throughout the hotel.We booked a 'stay for breakfast' package and the buffet breakfast was excellent - plenty of choice and good quality.Good location for the West End - theatres, China Town. Soho. Tube station 5 mins walk away. As with the rest of central London the traffic is a nightmare during the week, but quietens right down at weekends.Overall a top notch, beautiful hotel. We'll be back.	
Jan 28 2008 	Perfect	Here's the deal... I loved it. The service was perfect, the room was clean and comfortable and the bed was amazing after sightseeing all day. The bathroom was very spacious too. The location was great. The Holborn tube stop was a block away and trust me ladies, after walking all day or walking in heels after a night out, you want it close to the hotel. Grabbing dinner in the area was fine. We tried 3 restaurants that were within walking distance and all 3 were tasty. We arrived early as most people do on a flight over from America, and we were able to check in upon arrival. The Staff was perfectly polite and helpful. The hotel was beautifully decorated for Christmas, on the inside and out. Here's a tip... we had a car pick us up from the airport. We used Ultimate Chauffeurs and they were amazing. It was so nice not have to worry about anything after a long flight. The driver met us after customs and led us to the car so we just had to sit back and relax for the drive in. He was on time, courteous and very helpful, so much so that we arranged for a ride back to the airport. I would highly recommend Ultimate Chauffeurs and will use them again. We considered using the train system, however, it’s not called The Underground just for fun. It is deep underground with lots of steps that you would have to carry your luggage up and down while navigating through the massive crowds. No thanks. In summary, everything was fantastic and I would recommend staying at The Renaissance.	
Jan 28 2008 	Best hotel in London	My husband and I stayed a week at the Renaissance in November 2006. It is a wonderful hotel. Hopefully, we will be able to get back to London and would not look to stay anywhere else.The rooms are large and very clean. The toiletries are Penhaglion and are wonderful. The bar at the hotel is very large and comfortable. Great location in Covenant Garden.Highly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 24 2008 	Great hotel Great location	For a five day stay, we booked at the Renaissance Chancery Court and we are not sorry. It's perfectly located in a vibrant neighborhood -- and the building is simply gorgeous. The rooms are spacious and comfortable and the service is good. The prices in London are staggering, so here are a few hints to save on the cash hemorrhage. The room has a mini fridge, so pick up snacks and breakfast at Sainsbury's which is just around the corner and has very good, high quality food. Also, Pret a Manger is a few steps outside the door of the hotel and they have terrific and fresh sandwiches. Holborn is a great place to stay as it is so centrally located. Recommend investing in an Oyster pass for the tube, especially when you're staying for more than a few days.	
Jan 20 2008 	Wonderful Hotel definitely a Renaissance	We have had excellent experiences at Renaissance hotels including the Mayflower in Washington, D.C. so we booked this hotel for a stay of nine days after Christmas. We got a super rate, less than half the rather steep regular rate. The rooms are each a bit different but all have excellent beds. Ours were kings and had beautiful duvets and lots of comfy down pillows. There are huge windows, dark wood furniture and accents, a lovely marble bath and a cozy lounge chair with ottoman. There is also a tea service with a water boiler, an assortment of teas, instant coffee and packets of cookies. Unless you book a package, the breakfast buffet is hideously expensive, about $40 per person at $2 to the pound. Continental breakfast is almost that expensive. Since we had some early morning tours and a day trip to Paris planned, the additional package cost per room wasn't worth the it at $60 , especially since one room had only one occupant. We did eat a prix fixe dinner there which cost about $300 for the three of us. The food was good but not great.Entering the lobby is an experience in itself with its stately high ceilings and (at that time) seasonal decor. It never failed to put a smile on my face. All of the personnel were extremely helpful and pleasant. The entrance is in a quaint courtyard and there was always a member of staff posted at the entrance looking like the Secret Service. They invariably had a pleasant greeting whenever we came or went. There are numerous Starbucks, Costa Coffee, Cafe Nero and Pret a Manger shops in easy walking distance; a Starbucks is directly across the street and a Pret is right next door. The British Museum with its cafe and restaurants is about 3 blocks north and to get there you have to walk past Little Italy.Even though the Holborn location is in a business district, the hotel is just steps from the Holborn tube station where you have a choice of the Picadilly or Central lines to get anywhere in London in minutes. Don't forget to buy your Oyster card!We were less than 15 minutes walk from Covent Garden, TKTS and all of the theaters, restaurants and shops we could desire. The Paul bakery at 29 Bedford Street has pastries that are displayed like jewelry and taste lovely too. Try the apricot puff pastry. Strada is a good chain restaurant if you need a tasty meal that won't cost you an arm and a leg. Avoid the faux Italian restaurant Sapporo which serves pre-cooked microwave warmed Applebee's style food at very high prices, including a bread and olive fee of $3 per person, $9 for our table of three, for a small basket of mediocre bread and a tiny dish of olives.Sorry to get carried away. The point is, for quality of rooms and staff, convenience to transportation, entertainment, museums, food and shopping, Renaissance Chancery Court gets on A+ from me. I would return in a hearbeat if I could get a similar rate. Oh and if you haven't already gotten enough excercise for the day, they have a compact but well appointed gym.	
Jan 12 2008 	INCREDIBLE! Give me more!	I booked this hotel on a website called gtah hotels. We booked two rooms. One room with a king bed and the other with two queen beds. There were five persons in our party. We arrived at 9 am which was before check in time. The front desk clerk was able to issue us one of the rooms at that time. We did some sight seeing and then returned for the other room. Both rooms, which were on the 4th floor, were exactly as we had asked for! VERY, VERY LARGE rooms! Could even easily fit another bed in rooms! Extremely clean and spacious bathroom with tons of counter space. Beds were very comfortable with four fluffy pillows on each bed. The common areas of the hotel were superb.The staff was amazing! Very polite and helpful. Security guard at hotel entrance 24 hours a day.Location is terrific! Located just one block from the Holborn tube stop. Walk to SoHo and Russell Square! There is a Starbucks across the street and a Sainsbury’s grocery store nearby. Anything you need is at your doorstep!Depending on how you book, the breakfast may or may not be included in your reservation. Our reservation included breakfast. The breakfast was a buffet and very good with so many options, drinks, and coffee! The restaurant staff catered to our every need!To sum it up, stay here! You won’t have any regrets! Give me more of the Chancery Court!	
Jan 5 2008 	Loved Chancery Court	Stayed here on a business trip. Location, Location, Location - absolutely loved the hotel. Plush comfort on the beds. Liked the location and a great place to be when traveling alone.	
Jan 5 2008 	Loved it.	Stayed here 12/31 till 1/3/08. Had a great time. Rooms were very well sound proofed. Had no problem falling asleep after New Year's Eve. Great location for walking to the fireworks. Really classy hotel. Room was modern and large. Best fun feature was the tv speaker in the bathroom! Booked the hotel for its proximity to Covent Gardens, and found it to be a 5 minute walk.Great tea making facilities, including hot pot, teapot, cups creamers, tea and biscuits (not part of the minibar charges!) Wine glasses were also available.It's pricey. I got a good deal from the hotel's website. I prepaid and got the room for a great rate, but still pricey.Loved it.	
Jan 4 2008 	Beautiful room but poor service	Chancery Court is really a wonderful hotel. Very sofisticated but not at all snobbish. My room was very large, quiet and perfectly cleaned and mantained. Friendly check-in - but: no mentioning of the fact that the famous Pearl Restaurant was closed for several days, due to a private function. That was a big disapointment - I wasn´t even allowed to have breakfast there. I pointed this out on the feed-back-fórm, mailed to the manager - but without any kind of reply, in more than a month! Not exactly five-star-service....	
Jan 2 2008 	First Class Base of TAIL	TAIL (Team America in London) has stayed at this hotel for 3 consecutive years because the location is great, the rooms sleep 5 dudes comfortably, and the bar is a perfect place to kick off an evening. Hail TAIL and the Chancery Court	
Jan 1 2008 	Great position and a lovely hotel!	Went to London for a theatre show and fancied a bit of luxury....Chancery Court fitted the bill perfectly! Arrival was perfect, a small courtyard and valet parking. Reception is huge and beautifully decorated for Christmas. Staff were polite and friendly even though the hotel was completely full.We had the Monkton Suite on the 4th floor and it was superb. Spacious with a king-size bed and seperate lounge area, two large TV's and big windows looking out over Holborn. Bathroom all black marble and luxury. Everything one could wish for really!Breakfast was served in the Pearl Restaurant rather than the huge ballroom which was busy and was probably the best I have had anywhere in the world. Perfect Eggs Benedict and good coffee.With Covent Garden only a 10 minute walk (or £4.50 by cab!) the hotel is perfectly placed for a theatre break and I can highly recommend it!	
Dec 18 2007	Good hotel - follow-up service was poor	This covers a stay in the property from Oct 11-14 2007.The hotel is expensive -- I paid 746 GBP for 2 nights -- an autumn weekend break in London to see some shows. Normally London hotels drop their rates over the weekend, so you get an idea of how expensive this hotel is during the week.The room was good - I agree with others - generally 4-star quality, not 5-star, but overall the stay was pleasant enough.Here's my problem - when you pay 746 GBP for a weekend stay, you expect stellar service. The hotel did not credit my Marriott Rewards points. Other Marriott hotels do this almost immediately (usually within 3 days or so), and now it is two months later and my account still has not been credited.So, I called the hotel a few days ago. 'No problem, sir' I was told, 'the points have now been credited'.I checked today -- nothing.I assume I will have to call again. So, I did have plans to stay again at the Renaissance Chancery Court over the Christmas Holidays. I canceled them and switched to another hotel brand -- one that credits my account promptly.The lesson for the Renaissance is that if you claim to be 5-star, give 5-star service or frequent travelers like me will go elsewhere.Which I have.	
Dec 16 2007 	Over-rated - it's a 4 star on a world standard 5 star for dingy London	This hotel has a very strange atmosphere - it is very impersonal and is not welcoming. The Lobby is hugh and reminded me of a Chinese Communist hotel of the 1980's (by the way hotels in China now are magnificent). The rooms are dark and badly lit and have very basic decoration for a 5 star - in other words thery need an upgrade. The beds are the usual Marriott standad, very comfortable. We were told the hotel was in a convenient location but I disagree - it is a longish walk to Covent Garden and at night this is not a good feeling to walk back to the hotel. The area of Holborn is not attractive. We were awakened all through the night from the very noisy alley running along the length of the hotel and this was the noise of broken glass and then workman arriving for road works early in the morning and then heavy roadworks from 9am. I complained about the noise and got a complimentary breakfast which was very average in that horrible Lobby breakfast place that was again like an old communist hotel setting. Awful food - reminded me of East block Germany pre 1980. It beggars belief that if we had had to pay for this disgusting English breakfast with bad quality food and mediocre service the cost would have been £50 for two! RIP OFF!!!!! we stayed at the Marriott in Shanghai last year and it was fantastic - which brings me to the point that the Marriott hotels in UK are generally bad because British service and staff are awful and the food is disgusting and the prices are through the roof. For example, a massage in the Chancery Court spa for an hour is £80!!!!!! WHY?I would never stay here again, if you want to book a good Marriott in london stay at County Hall Marriott or East India Quay at Canary Wharf (good value and clean )- i don't know about Grosvenor Square Marriott heard Park Lane Marriott is dingy again like the Chancery Court.I hope Marriott Corporation begin to do some customer services training and upgrade their rooms in London for value for the extortionate prices.	
Dec 9 2007 	Magnificent	I was booked into the Chauncery Court Hotel in London by our clients and had no idea what I was in for. Magnificent. Period.I have stayed all over the world: from hostels to haciendas to holy s*&amp;t! Hawaii, Japan, London, Dublin, Rome, NYC, LA. This is one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed at. Right up there with the Chicago Four Seasons, Tokyo Hilton, Geneva Four Seasons.Gorgeous Room, great room service, the best breakfast ever (and I mean if you find scrambled eggs like this ANYWHERE on the face of the earth, call me!) Pricey. Sure. But, if you want a gorgeous hotel. Here you go!	
Nov 29 2007 	Excellent but not quite 5*	Excellent location, just a 10-minute walk to Covent Garden or to the British Museum, and just a block from the Holborn tube. Pleasant, quiet rooms with comfortable beds and very nice bedding (nice linens, down duvets, a good selection of down/feather and foam pillows). Rooms are decorated in typical Marriott style -- very nice, but nothing out of the ordinary. Service was excellent, and housekeeping was remarkable. My rate included English breakfast in the Lobby Lounge or Pearl restaurant. I preferred the Pearl, but breakfast in both places was substantial and well prepared. If not included in your rate, though, I'd suggest eating breakfast elsewhere, since the English breakfast in the hotel is 23.50 pounds per person (about $50 USD at the current exchange rate).	
Nov 13 2007 	Pure Luxury	We had the pleasure of two more nights at the Chancery Court in London November 7-8 and they did not disappoint. To begin, it is such a lovely building with its quiet courtyard entry. All of the staff are friendly and attentive. Grab a chocolate at the check-in desk. The rooms are unbelievably spacious and beautifully appointed. Marble surrounds you in the bathroom. Everything about the place is crisp and clean. The breakfast buffet is generous but I usually order eggs benedict from the kitchen, perfectly done. The location is conveniently about 100 yards from the Holborn tube station. This visit we walked to Chintown, West End theaters and Leicester Square for films, only about 20 minutes away. Fabulous sanctuary in the middle of pulsating London!	
Nov 7 2007	fantastic	we have just returned from a three night stay to celebrate our daughter's 18th birthday.This hotel is fantastic - the rooms, the building, the staff and the food.we arrived to a bottle of wine on ice in our room and complimentary chocolates.The housekeeping staff even come round in the evening offering to service the room again and providing more towels.They also leave you a chocolate and a little card with the next days weather.I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 28 2007 	Great LONDON Hotel	The Chancery Court is overall a wonderful hotel. The building is gorgeous, the staff are very helpful and friendly, the rooms are very clean, and the housekeeping staff is the best I have experienced. My main drawback was the rooms were very....plain. And the beds were not the Marriott bed which is why I choose Marriotts. For such an exterior of luxury, the room was above average, but not matching that of it's cover. Of course like every other premium hotel, the hotel charges are ridiculous. One pound per minute for local calls, twenty pounds for a continental breakfast, and fifteen pounds for wireless internet, and so on. Is it fashionable to overpay for basic services that are free at budget hotels? Plus incur VAT on each of those charges, with the exchange rate where it is, this can be an expensive trip. However, the hotel is wonderful, not perfect, but few are. I would stay here again for the location to the tube is second to none. And the location within London, nicely between The City and the West End is priceless. The customer service is wonderful, and you can trust the facility to make it home. Everything in London is overpriced, which makes this hotel a bargain. I reccommend staying here.	
Oct 21 2007 	Great Choice	My husband and I stayed a long weekend (Thursday to Sunday).Upon arrival, the courtyard is quite impressive, as is the lobby area. Check in was quick and amazingly, our room was ready at 11:30 AM. I had e-mailed the hotel to request early checkin, but was happily surprised that it was. The room was nice, not spectacular, but nice. The bathroom was all marble and spacious. Bath ammenities are just average. Location is wonderful, just about a block from the Holburn tube station. The hotel is in more of a business, residential area than a tourist area which we liked very much. There was a wonderful pasta place just across the street from the hotel that wasn't priced in the stratisphere. The restaurant is frequented by locals rather than tourists. Breakfast was included in our rate and you have the choice to eat in either the grill or the pearl restaurant. No comparison.. choose the pearl. Food is fresh rather than prepared and placed in buffet pans. The grill is a standard boring buffet.We would definitely stay at this hotel in the future. I would not consider it a 5 star, but considering the prices of other 5 stars hotels, it stands alone at the top.We took the Big Bus around London on the first day we arrived. Since it was our first time in London, it gave us a great feel for the lay of the land and we were able to determine what we wanted to return to and have a closer look the following day. It seemed that their competitors The Original Bus company had more buses and better routes. Both companies give you 48 hours on one ticket to use the bus, and take a boatride on the Thames. Definitely do that!. We took the tour of the Tower of London, got on the boat to Westminster and then were able to do Parliament and Westminster Abbey.The only problem with the tour busses is that they go in a circular route. If you want to get back to a stop once they have passed it, you must stay on the bus all the way around. Not good. We got off and walked.We flew in and out of Gatwick. We had hired a car to meet us at the airport and drive us to the hotel on Thursday morning. It took 2.5 hours in horrible traffic, and cost the equivalent of $200. Going home, we took a cab to Victoria Station and got the Gatwick express train. 30 minutes to the airport. It was a much better choice and cost a fraction of what a car cost.	
Oct 13 2007	Beautiful Hotel - but Stay with Miles	I took another TripAdvisor user's advice on this one, and stayed using points. A great tip.... While this hotel is certainly luxurious, we had more problems here than in any other hotel we stayed at in France, and this was by far the most expensive (if we had paid.) The air conditioning stopped working, as did the remote, and the teapot was broken. Yes, dont' sweat the small stuff - however, this is a review! I wouldn't have expected problems like this at such a wonderful hotel. The room service has ungodly prices. Yet, the afternoon tea in the cozy lounge was exquisite and a highlight of each of my days here. It's a beautiful place, but I'd recommend staying with points.....	
Oct 9 2007 	Fabulous hotel and great food but a bit pricey	Fabulous hotel with american style service. Food was extraordinarily good and I recommend you include breakfast in your booking. Room as excellent, although we were given a free upgrade to the &quot;rennaissance club floor&quot;. Service is continuously good, although lacks a little genuine warmth. The building is quite stunning and well worth a look. If you do book breakfast, you can also eat in the &quot;Pearl Restaurant&quot; as well as the &quot;Lounge Restaurant&quot; and if you have a little time this is to be recommended.	
Oct 1 2007 	Excellent Hotel	The hotel is in a great location in an awesome building. Check in was a breeze (we even were allowed to check in three hours early) and there was some tasty toblerone to nibble on while you did so. The stairs are worth the take, they're beautiful.The 6th floor room was big and had a couch area with table, massive bed and bathroom down a corridor. It was an excellently furnished room and exceptionally comfortable. The bath products were great, the shower/bath was brilliant and it was nice to have slippers and a robe to get into after. They offer a turn down service and left a note that due to some kitchen work, the roomservice menu would be limited, which I thought was pretty nice of them. In the morning the paper was hanging from a bag at the door, excellent!The only things I'd complain about are the airconditioning - its alarmingly noisy and no matter what we did to the control it didn't seem to turn off or change the temperature. Other than the airconditioning, the room was nice and quiet.The room had lots of nice lamps, however you didn't seem to be able to have them on without the ceiling lights going too. I'm not sure if this is the case or I'm just stupid and couldn't figure it out.The other thing is the internet is not free. It's 15 quid on top of the room rate, which you think they'd be able to throw in if you're paying so much per night. I didn't mind so much because I got a good rate on a hotel website, but if i was paying top dollar, i'd be unhappy about that.This is clearly an excellent hotel, and as far as hotels in london go, this one is pretty tops.I'd gladly stay here again.	
Sep 25 2007 	Problems	I always stay at this hotel when I am visiting London. This was a trip to have fun and do the usual- shopping and theatre going.Problems- the front staff that they are training needs better training and clear English- the concierge was unfriendly and unhelpful. the housekeeping service- she did not know whether I could get more bath salts so that I can give my girls a bath. The fire alarm went off several times- once without prior warning. when I was in the shower ( I am sure you understand this dilemma).There were problems with getting two rooms close together- I did not demand connecting- just close. The hotel had high availability. the breakfast staff was very nice, but not once did they get the order correct. It seems the main problem is with all the staff from other countries that do not understand, nor speak English. I expect this when I travel to other countries, but not at an American hotel. Again, there were even other problems - and some addressed to the front desk. But I do not think they understood and quite frankly I wasn't going to spend my valuable time anymore. Since I have always loved this hotel- I really have a hard time complaining . But beware of this hotel until they get their employee situation under control (hopefully they will)There are other great hotels- with great location for same or lower prices . This is expensive, but it would only be worth it if the service equalled the price.	
Sep 23 2007 	Excellent A Must Stay	This hotel is fantastic! I have stayed here a few times and always had a great experience.The entrance is amazing, beautiful architecture and shielded from busy London traffic. The reception and concierge are polite and helpful and very effecient. The bowl of &quot;toberone&quot; on the reception desk are a lovely touch, my kids took one every time they passed!The rooms are large and nicely decorated and furnished. The beds are comforable and sumptious, best to get a kingsize if you can. We had breakfast each day in the Pearl restaurant and it was absolutely fantastic. Top notch service and fabulous food.The location is great for Covent Garden and the many London theatres are not too far away.I would recommend this hotel - definately 5*!	
Sep 17 2007 	Loved the Renaissance Chancery Court London	This hotel is excellent - I have nothing negative to say about it at all. It is a beautiful building, the staff are very professional, but friendly. The rooms are very comfortable and you are provided with good quality toiletries, towels, bathrobes etc. The breakfasts are of high quality. It is ideally situated, just a few minutes from Holborn underground station, so there is no problem with getting about London. I would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 16 2007 	All In All Awfully Good	I will second just about everyone else has said here and try not to be redundant: tremendous location, incredibly convenient to Holborn tube, Starbucks for breakfast, and numerous god restaurants within walking distance. (We didn't eat at the hotel, so I obviously can't comment on that).Here are a few things that I might point out that other reviews haven't mentioned:1. Though in-room internet services are embarassingly expensive, a more cost-effective way to check your e-mail without leaving the hotel is to use the wireless network in the lobby. It still costs 5 pounds for an hour, but it's less than the 15 pounds for 24 hours of in-room services. The lobby and lounges are each nice, relaxing places to hang out, though the wine and even coffeee are predictably outlandishly expensive.2. If you are taking a day tour in London through a tour company, such as Evan Evans, the Renaissance Chancery Court is a pick up point, which makes the day tours incredilbly easy to catch.On balance, we liked our stay here, though I still maintain that at nearly $300 a night, the hotel is overpriced. But that's London, and at least you are getting a good, safe, convenient place to stay in London for your money.	
Sep 12 2007 	My New Favorite Hotel in London	I come to London regularly for work and have stayed in many different hotels. Some forgetable. Some chic. Most are fairly mediocre. All are expensive.Chancery Court was my best hotel experience in London in a long timel. Service, comfort, hotel condition, atmosphere, facilities, etc., were all excellent . This is a Renaissance hotel, which in turn is part of the Marriott chain. I have to say, my last few stays in Marriott chains leave me pretty impressed. Whether it's a low-budget value hotel, like Fairfield Inn, or something near the top end, like Chancery Court, they seem to regularly do an outstanding job in customer service and atmosphere.Check-in was fast and efficient. They called me by name, which is always nice, though pretty standard at this level. They were very friendly, which is a bit unusual in London. Most hotels have employees that act as if you're simply there for their benefit ... annoying. But Chancery was 180 degrees from that. Very courteous, professional, and efficient.The room was very large, especially by London standards. I had a deluxe level room, so I know most rooms are smaller, but I don't know by how much. Bathroom was a good size, and very well appointed. Everything was extremely clean.Bed was comfortable. Linens and pillows were exactly the quality you'd expect for a hotel of this quality.I ordered room-service a couple of times. It was timely and the food was excellent. Surprising for room service.That is not to say the stay was perfect. I've a few quibbles. First, my morning newspaper did not arrive on one of the mornings. I think a neighbor stole it, because it's very strange that they would miss one paper delivery in the middle of my stay. Second, the maid that cleaned my room left a few things out of place ... nothing major, but it took some time to find out where she put my socks that I'd left on the chair. Lastly, the room was next to the elevators. The room was well sound proofed, but I could hear a bit of noise from the elevator motors. Not enough to keep you awake, but would recommend a room that is not next to the elevator bank. Relative to my experience, these are pretty minor complaints.I paid about 255 pounds per night excluding tax. Judging from what I&quot;ve seen on the Internet, it was a decent rate, especially for a large room.Oh, one more thing. Location is good, but not great if you're into nightlife. Something closer to Mayfair / Knightsbridge would be better. I'm not a barfly so location was fine for me.All in all, this is my new favorite hotel in London.	
Aug 30 2007 	So THIS is what money buys!	Pros: Nice location. Beautiful hotel, from exterior to interior. Plush rooms, everything is very clean. Helpful staff.Cons: $$$$. This wasn't an issue for me since we were traveling on my husband's company's dime, but it's not something we could afford otherwise.Bottom Line: I'll be glad to stay here again - if someone else is paying for it!	
Aug 29 2007 	The air of posh	My daughter (16) and I went for a short city break to London . Slept three nights in Renaissance Chancery Court, a five star hotel in the centre of the Britisch capital. Hotel entrance is hidden in a courtyard. Although the hotel is a typical british built former assurance-building, the premisses lack an english spell. Most of the employees come from continental Europe, most guests are non-europeans. Room was nice, bathroom splendid (marble, nice and expensive materials). Breakfast (fresh cooked) was good, lot of choice. Service was disappointing (rude, unfriendly Chinese girl). Prices for drinks in the hotelbar are very high, even for Britisch standards.What overwhelmed us every time we walked in the lobby was the annoying smell of perfume. The air of posh.	
Aug 25 2007 	Fantastic Hotel in a great location	I recently stayed at this hotel with my sister for a girly weekend. We chose this hotel due to it's close proximity to the West End and Covent Garden, two places we knew we would be going to. Everyone in the hotel was lovely. When we arrived (12.30pm) out room was understandably not ready, however we were offered to pre-register and store our bags. On returning to the hotel a few hours later the room was ready and concierge brought our bags to the room really quickly. Just loved being able to stroll out to door and ten minutes later being right in the heart of the tourist attractions, we even walked down to the London Eye, through Traffalgar Sq and past Horse Guards Parade.Being so close to Leicester Sq was really helpful too when we found ourselves unable to get a cab at 2.30am (it was tipping it down with rain and there was not a free taxi to be seen!)	
Aug 24 2007 	Great choice on points -- tough to get two beds	Our family of four spent four nights at the Chancery Court and were pleased with our selection. Others have commented on the good location, elegant surroundings, and friendly staff. I would agree with all of that. I will try to add some items that may not have been covered recently.We used Marriott points which was a great savings; however, it was a challenge to ensure that we would in fact get a room with two beds. They will not guarantee that they will give you a 2 bedded room so I had an additional reservation at Marriott Marble Arch. I called in June and was told they noted my request but that they wouldn't assign rooms until the day of our arrival. I called the day before our arrival and they told me that there were no two bedded rooms available but that I could hope for a cancellation on the day of arrival. I called from Heathrow upon arrival (as it now was imperative to know where to go!) and was told there were no rooms available but that they would put me through to the front desk. And, voila, they found one. Definitely not a stress-free experience but I knew from TALF that the Chancery Court was preferable to Marble Arch.We weren't disappointed. Typically nice (though not enormous) room with a nice bathroom. Nice amenities like bathrobes, cookies, coffee and tea. Quiet except garbage pickup one morning. View was of an adjacent office building. It took housekeeping two days to figure out that there were four of us in the room (never enough towels or shampoo) but that was a minor inconvenience and they arrived immediately when I called requesting them.We never ate in the hotel as it was very expensive. Took someone on the forums good advice and ate breakfast at Penderel Oaks (a block away to the right as you exit the archway). Also ate several times at the adjacent Pret A manger and Krispy Kreme (for the kids).Holborn station was great with good connections. My only complaint (which is only my problem) is that the escalators are long...not great for my fear of heights but I managed. No elevator. We took the Piccadilly Line from Heathrow straight to the hotel (and back) and saved TONS of money. Took 50 minutes midday on Wednesday and early Sunday morning.Highly recommend the hotel. Was nice to be in a Marriott at the end of a long trip. And we walked everywhere from the location or used the busses or tube.	
Aug 24 2007 	not bad not the best	Overall it was good, for 5 nights. The location was great and you can avoid high price cabs by way of holborn station directlly from heathrow. ( took cab back to heathrow, depending on time of day and luggage amount, tube may be faster and more efficient.)( however you can hear the rumble of the subway early and late if your a sound sleeper, wife did not have a problem with it. )Our room as requested was a very large executive which was bigger then a suite. ( needs paintings or something. ) zero cozziness.hotel does not have a pool but is extremelly well located for everything including dining,drinking,theatre and sight seeing.Breakfast at the Pearl was the best, buffet kind of sucked, if i had to pay for either i would avoid as its an easy walk either way up or down the street. Poached eggs at The pearl ruled though.ours was included, otherwise i would pass.staff was great, first class in all respects ( except the maids who slammed doors. )I caution everyone this hotel is an (old bank?) and built so the boss can hear someone snoring. Door closing are loud and constant. We only heard the family next door on opening and closing of door or bed knocking against wall. ( subway, tube also )Cleanliness was top notch.HIGH MARKS for security ( which is important to my family ).front desk was easy and professional.cnbc was available ( thank you, please if your so inclined please include this tidbit in your reviews ) as was cartoon network for the child.overall we liked it and although london hotel prices are stupid, we downgraded from a suite for this occassion and did not feel ripped off or put out, when we got our bill.Next time around we will look for a better value, 4 to 5 star suite, but will definitlly settle for chancery court, as bang for buck wasn't bad comparitivelly speaking.For those of u concerned about london prices, which everyone seems to complain about, hotels and real estate prices are stupid, but compared to new york, tokyo or copenhagen in my experience, london is okay. The real test is the &quot;cost of a pint&quot; or as the economist calls it &quot;big mac index&quot; and london is still cheaper then Kobenhaven.Cheers fellow traveller's ALMOST FORGOT RIPOFF ALERT!!!!!!! If you despise being ripped off like me then beware the internet is 15 pounds a day, STUPID RIPOFF, i hate nickel and dimers, but this one takes the cake. I reduced my 4 star to 3 star after my wife reminded me off this very important point. What a joke, obviouslly gouging the biz traveller, but wheres the shame, when internet is 1 pound an hour 2 blocks up the street. Or 1 pound for all day 5 blocks away. And yes i can easilly afford 30 bucks a day, but i despise being scre##D. I would even be pissed if my employees submited and expense claim for same. What a joke!!!!	
Aug 21 2007 	The best hotel stay I've ever experienced	We got married in May of this year and for one of our wedding presents, we received a voucher for a meal for two at the Blue Print Cafe in London. We decided to stay at Chancery Court based on reviews on Trip Advisor, as well as good experiences during stays at other hotels within the Marriott group.I emailed the hotel's Guest Relations department prior to our stay, enquiring about the availability and cost of upgrading our room. I received a reply from a yound lady called Jessie who explained that the hotel very busy on that weekend and that she would not like to promise something she was unable to deliver, but that she would place a note on our reservation. I thought this was very fair and thanked her very much.We took the train into St Pancras station and took the Tube to Holborn (just two stops away). The Tube station is a very short walk from the hotel. We arrived at the hotel at 2.00 pm. We went to the reception desk to check in and the desk clerk asked us to wait a moment. After a minute or two, Jessie came out and said she would personally escort us to our room. She took us up to the 7th floor and opened the door to our room. She had managed to allocate us a wonderful room called The Tower Suite. It was breathtaking. There was a living area with a sofa, TV and desk. Up a flight of stairs was the bathroom and wardrobe and then up some more stairs was the bedroom which had another sofa and TV as well as an enormous King bed. The room is right on the front and centre of the hotel, immediately below the domed tower. Jessie even took us through a door (which is normally kept locked) up into the tower itself.We went out that afternoon and did not return until later in the evening. Upon entering our room, we were astounded to find a bottle of champagne on ice waiting for us.Breakfast in the hotel's Pearl restaurant was beautiful. There is the usual hot and cold buffet but in addition, you can choose items from an a la carte menu which are then brought to your table. It was included in our room rate but would otherwise cost £23.50 per person.The hotel is sumptuous throughout, the staff obviously take great pride in delivering exceptional service. This was, without doubt, the best hotel we have ever stayed in. When visiting London again, we will be staying at Chancery Court again - although I doubt we'll get The Tower Suite again!	
Aug 21 2007 	Everything you could wish for	My family and I (husband and two children 10 &amp; 7) stayed at this hotel for two nights - 18/19 August. I e-mailed the hotel to advise we would be arriving earlier than the hotel check-in and when we arrived even earlier than I had originally stated - it was not a problem and the gentlemen on the reception were very courteous and helpful. We were also given a room upgrade to floor 3 with access to the Club Lounge. Although children under 16 are not allowed in this &quot;exclusive&quot; room, the staff were quite happy for us to take what we needed to our room.There was everything at breakfast you could wish for and if you required something particular that was not there the staff would get it for you. They were always polite.I liked the little touches at reception - the fruit and the chocolates.Everything we used in our room was replaced - toiletries, fresh towels and bins emptied with a general tidy up when someone came in mid evening to put the chocolates on our bedside table and the covers on the floor between the beds.The doormen always greeted and had a smile for my two boys which made them feel welcome.The location was great, tube just around the corner and Covent Garden about 7 minutes walk away.Overall, five star service for a five star hotel (which you pay you do pay 5 star money for) but worth it.	
Aug 17 2007 	Best hotel I have stayed in London for a long time	I spent two nights over a weekend at the Chancery Court, and absolutely loved it! The hotel is well located, near Holborn tube station and therefore a short walk either to the west end via Covent Garden, or to the City. There are useful amenities near by - e.g. there is a Starbucks across the road, a couple of sandwich shops a few steps away if you require either - as well as the tube station being two or three minutes away.The hotel is located in a beautiful and stately building, which provides an air of elegance, and is well decorated throughout. The staff were friendly and polite every time I interacted with them, and talking to them felt like a natural conversation rather than strained as it does in some similar establishments.The rooms were well appointed, and had all the extras that you would expect of such a hotel. I like the various little idiosyncrasies, down to providing Toblerone at reception rather than mints!The hotel tariffs seemed to be expensive. I used Marriott points for the stay, and therefore, this was very cost effective, however I do concur with other reviewers that cost would appear to be the biggest down side of the hotel.I would however go as far as saying that this will be my first choice hotel for future stays in Central London.	
Aug 16 2007 	Clearly one of the best hotels to stay in London	This hotel is perfect for a break in London. Situated in a quiet part in Holborn but within minutes by taxi or a short walk to the underground access to other parts of London very easy indeed. The Marriot standard is superb and the various touches around the hotel offer an elegance that is hard to find elsewhere. The service is superb and the staff are really friendly. My wife and I stayed in May this year to celebrate a special birthday and the hotel was an ideal location.	
Aug 12 2007	Stately but Stuffy	The other reviewers are accurate in their descriptions ofthis very impressive, though rather austere, first-class hotel.I departed after 2 uneventful nights and 3 room changes, onlybecause I found the hotel too formal and basically a businesscenter that catered to corporate types. So, if this is what youwant, then it is the place for you.However, please know that the rooms, though large andwell-appointed, do not have views and are rather dark. The only rooms that have some type of bright and cheery atmosphere are those that face away from Holburn Street. And, this view is basically of roof tops and construction cranes.In other words, it is a beautiful hotel with first-class facilities,and if you get a good deal, then it is fine. However, I prefer to spend my money on a place that has a little more energy andzest. Compare to the Langham	
Aug 11 2007	Great hotel in a great location	This is a great hotel in a great location in London. I stayed here for four nights recently (Aug '07) and would definitely recommend the hotel. I used Marriott points so I cannot speak to price or value, but the overall experience was 5 stars.The hotel itself is what you would expect from a Marriott brand. The rooms were spacious and comfortable. The location cannot be beat. It is right off the Holborn line and a block away from the Holborn Underground station. One word of advice, when you come out of the station make a right to get to the hotel. I had difficulty finding it, and saw other people wandering around with luggage during my stay. The hotel staff was very friendly. The concierge was extremely helpful and mapped everything out for me. They even held my bags so I didn't have to carry them on the train when I made an overnight trip to York. I was able to come back and pick them up on my way to the airport. Very helpful staff. Overall, I was very satisfied with my stay and would recommend staying here, especially if you have the Marriott points. I've stayed at Maida Vale and Marble Arch on a previous trip and this is by far the best Marriott in the city.	
Aug 6 2007 	Excellent our first choice in London	Excellent Hotel, we have stayed on a few occassions over the years including over the Christmas break a few years ago where my husband proposed on Xmas Day so it is a special hotel to us! Fantastic central location for tourists visiting London, also good for us as we now live in the North West and drive back into town as the Hotel provides a car parking service. Rooms are fairly spacious for London, well furnished, clean and quiet, nice sized bathrooms. The spa is very good, great staff and excellent Espa range of treatments I have used the spa as part of a hen party and on my own and the service has always been very good. Even if you dont stay at the hotel a visit to Pearl Restaurant is a MUST and is our favorite place to eat. We have had a number of celebratory meals here; anniversaries, engagement and Xmas lunch and the service and food led by Jun Tanaka is EXCELLENT - highly recommended and fantastic decor and cocktails. Based on past experiences to date we would always be happy to return here. If you book direct with the hotel in advance they also do a good deal on a two night break over the weekend.	
Jul 30 2007 	Anniversary Delight	Living only 30 miles from London, we decided we didn't actually go to the capital often enough and so we decided that for our wedding anniversary celebrations we would spend a weekend in London. We chose to stay at the Renaissance Chancery Court as we like a bit of luxury, we wanted to be very central and we had a load of Tesco vouchers that meant we could have a 2 night break and it would only cost an additional £75 (the nightly rate we and Tesco paid for a deluxe double room was £195 + tax!). It's fair to say my wife and I are very glad we chose this hotel it was excellent in every way.On arrival, the taxi drives in through a classic stone entrance arch and into a peaceful inner courtyard and from here to the large reception that oozed quality and style. Check-in was quick, friendly and welcoming with none of the multitude of questions that are often asked by some hotels we have visited. The room was spacious, nicely decorated and well equipped with all the things you'd expect in a 5-star hotel, it was also nice and quiet and the air-con worked well even though the summer this year has hardly called for it!!After a great evening eating at J Sheekey (our 4th time eating at this classic English restaurant that specialises in its fish and seafood, very highly recommended!!) in theatre land and then seats at Boeing Boeing (a cracking traditional farce that had us in stitches, even with the 'deaf' person behind us who required her husband to repeat nigh-on every 'joke'!!) we had a very relaxing sleep in the massive super king bed! Breakfast on both mornings was excellent with a great range of produce, no queues and friendly waiting staff. We didn't eat in the Pearl restaurant but it looked lovely from the outside.In our view this was an excellent weekend and we'd recommend the Chancery Court, and although not cheap in this day and age the saying &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; is so VERY true!	
Jul 24 2007 	Great even using Rewards points!	Just returned from 3 nights in a deluxe room at this hotel. Great location in Holborn. Understated elegance. Staff was perfect in every way-knew precisely when to be there and when to leave you alone. We even had early check-in (noon) without a problem. We booked the room using rewards points and even the hotel tax was included. We were upgraded to a deluxe room which was big enough for 2 true queen beds (with awesome bedding), a nightstand, 2 chairs, armoire, desk, sitting area and spacious bathroom. Had room service several times and each time food was delicious and hot! They even made a vegetarian accomodation for us when we ordered at midnight . Had afternoon tea in the sitting area/lounge and it was just &quot;ok&quot; even though they advertise fabulous cupcakes (think teeny mini muffins with a bit of coconut frosting and embellishment, not large American fluffy super-sweet ones). There is a nice bar and a very nice restaurant on site. Holborn tube stop is about 100 steps from the hotel on the Piccadilly line, thus, you can go to and from Heathrow without changing lines...takes about 50 minutes, and is about 50 GBPpounds cheaper than a cab. Doormen and concierge were impeccable. We utilized them and also watched them interact with many people on many occasions and they were outsanding with everyone. No one was standing around waiting for a tip when they helped you...I mean, tipping is customary, but nobody was overtly expecting it. Bathroom was not just clean, it was immaculate. Towels were so soft and beds were comfortable (and that is saying a lot for me to think that!). Really, a flawless stay, and we didnt get &quot;snubbed&quot; b/c we were using rewards points instead of paying cash. I have stayed at 5 different hotels in London during the past few years and I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Jul 22 2007 	Renaissance Chancery Court London - INCREDIBLE!!!	We just returned from an eight-night stay at this property (&quot;paid&quot; via Marriott Rewards points).About two weeks prior to our arrival I communicated three special requests to the hotel's staff.!. I told that this trip to London was our first and was a birthday gift to my wife so I'd be most appreciative of their assistance in helping me make it a special experience for her..2. I also mentioned we'd be arriving after an overnighter and would most likely be exhausted so, we'd be arriving hours ahead of normal check-in time. Accordingly, I asked if we could be permitted to wait out the time some place other than the very public lobby..3. I requested an upgrade if one was available.I received an email back assuring me that they could accommodate the first requests and would do what they could when we arrived with regards to the third; that the front desk had been notified and they'd have someone to situate us upon arrival.Two exhausted and somewhat bedraggled travelers arrived at the hotel at approximately 11:30 in the morning on Thursday, July 12, 2007. At the desk, after I announced my name, the front desk associate said, &quot;Oh, yes - Mr. and Mrs. __________; welcome. And If you'll please wait a minute we'll make you more comfortable.&quot;She picked up her phone and said to someone, &quot;You wanted to be informed of Mr. and Mrs. ___________'s arrival.&quot; She turned to me, and with a big smile, she said, &quot;...they're on their way.&quot;Very shortly thereafter we were escorted to the Club Lounge (3rd floor) where it was explained to us that it had been closed for the morning in order to shampoo the carpet.However, a refrigerator and coffee urn had been moved into the elevator lobby. We were invited to partake of anything we wanted (which was cold water, which we wanted desperately). and were escorted down to the bar where are escort told us that are room was still being readied. She said she'd check and let us know.About thirty seconds later she returned and told us she was going to escort us to our room.We were booked into a medium-sized, king, non-smoking room on the club level (most likely in recognition of my platinum status), on the club level. Not the very biggest but absolutely compatible with our needs. The bed was equipped with Revive beddng and the three &quot;back&quot; pillows were standard ones instead of the usual square decorative variety. Beyond the bed was a sitting area with a couch, coffee table, easy chair, desk and two desk chairs. The TV (CRT) was enclosed in the &quot;traditional&quot; armoire which also hosed a small safe. (Fine for passports and other paperwork, but nothing much bigger.) We had a courtyard view which was fine with us, but judging by the club lounge, all windows facing the street are double-glazed and noise does not penetrate.Closet was large (a light came on when the door was opened), and adequate and in addition to to two heavy robes it contained slippers, an umbrella, iron and ironing board and various standard-sized hangars.There are three phones (one by the bed, one on the desk and one in the bathroom).The bathroom, which contained a double sink/vanity met our needs. We would have liked a separate shower but it wasn't a biggie with us. Toiletries are of very hight quality. Towels are thick and HUGE. Nightly Room Refresh is standard in the Chancery Court and while there's no turndown (how do you turn down a comforter anyway?), any used towels are replaced, if minor straightening out is required it's provided, chocolates and small vials of incense (bath oils?) are left. Also,, there's an ironed cloth placed on each side of the bed to preclude your having to place your bare feet from directly on the carpet when you awake.(Actually, the carpet, like everything else in the hotel is spotless.)The Club Lounge (I don't know what they charge for an upgrade to the Club Floor) is open every workday at 6:30 and weekend day at 7:00. Breakfast is &quot;elaborate&quot; continental with cold cereals, juice, coffees (they'll even fix you a latte on request), breakfast meats, cheeses, breads, rolls, pastries, fresh fuits and juices and three kinds of smoked fish (the salmon is to die for).During the day the coffee is brewing and cold soft drinks and waters and cookies are available as well as spirits and beers (for alcohol they charge - sorry).Evening service is three hot and three cold canapes and appetizers, and the desserts (which are decadent) are the product of what has to be a pastry master.BTW, when you go in for a meal or dessert service you'll find that linen napkins and utensils are already on the tables.Which reminds me - My wife responded to a knock at the door ear; on our first night and there's a room-service attendant with an absolutely gorgeous birthday cake, a bowl with lit candles floating in it and a card from &quot;the staff.&quot;The wife was very touched (and I was a big hero).No question, this hotel's location is in Holborn, a business district, not a tourist mecca. However there are many options as to dining as its very close to Convent Garden and the West End.. (BTW, grab some takeout and head for Lincoln's Inn Fields a charming little park very close to the hotel, for an early-evening picnic. (There's a restaurant in the park as well - we didn't try it.)Holborn Tube Station (Picadilly and Central Lines): It's not &quot;right next door to the Ren CC - I'd say about a block and a half if you count walking through the hotel courtyard and entranceway plus a city block to the entrance (from the hotel walk to the corner of High Holborn and Kingsway, take a left and the entrance is a couple of doors down. We found the Piccadilly Line as being a very good one to use inasmuch as usually with a single connection you can bet where ou want to in any of the tourist areas. Adding: Six bus routes stop just outside the hotel's driveway on High Holborn. In the real touristy areas the congestion is incredible. We had a hell of a time negotiating our way from the &quot;Eye&quot; and across Westminster Bridge to get to the Cabinet War Rooms. Frankly, when the day's over, we want to relax in as non-busy an ambiance as possible.  We did experience one piece of bother with regards to booking the &quot;Hopper&quot; bus through one of the gentlemen manning the concierge station in the lobby. The folder for the &quot;Hopper&quot; (&quot;Big Bus Company&quot;) indicates on its map that their nearest pickup point to the Chancery Court is at the corner of Kingsway and Aldwyn.When we booked our tickets the concierge, - (official type; replete with gold keys on his lapels and all), we showed him the map, pointed to the indicated pickup point (intersection of Kingsway and Aldwyn), and confirmed, (&quot;So we just follow the map?&quot;)He replied with an unqualified &quot;Yes..&quot;(Actually, it's a couple of blocks off the intersection, on Aldwyn just past the Waldorf Hilton.)Turned out that this is the concierge I'd read about somewhere else. He'll answer any question, but his answer will reflect exactly what's been asked, like he's unable to contemplate that there are some times that the &quot;unasked&quot; question should also be addressed.I cannot for a moment believe that he wasn't aware of the location of the pickup point. (Had I asked if there was a landmark/building/establishment to look out for he would have answered that and we wouldn't have been walkng around for an extra half-hour.)That was the only &quot;hitch&quot; we experienced from someone on the hotel's staff.The Renaissance Chancery Court has become one of my favorite hotels and the wife has made me promise that we'll return. The building is beautiful and is maintained with pride and attention to details so as to assure it remains that way. The staff does not regard themselves as anything less than those being entrusted with the running of a five-star establishment.I cannot say enough about the employees of the Renaissance Chancery Court London. I think what has come together in this property is the combining of a wonderful physical plant with a devoted staff who take pride in what they're doing - and it shows.Without a doubt, whatever their individual assignment, they are consistently nicest, ,most efficient, eager-to-please staff we have encountered as hotel guests.They are tops in our book (as is their hotel)..	
Jul 15 2007 	Excellent hotel - would recommend	We recently held a conference at the hotel the service was excellent as was the food and the bedrooms. The location is excellent and not a single member of my party had a bad word to say about the hotel. Would recommend	
Jul 11 2007 	Pure luxury	We were fortunately able to use Marriott points for the two nights that we stayed at the hotel. I was therefore somewhat surprised that we were upgraded to the executive level of the hotel, which came with access to the executive lounge and free snacks and continental breakfast. Although the snacks were somewhat disappointing, the breakfast was very plentiful and varied. You could even order lattes or other specialty coffees. Our room had a king size bed and was extremely comfortable. After having stayed in smaller hotels in other cities, it was a nice change to have the luxurious accommodations, including nice toiletries, bathrobes, etc. The marbled bathroom was spacious and elegant. All of the staff that we encountered were friendly and helpful. We also found the hotel to be conveniently located, close to many sights that we wanted to see (near the pedestrian bridges, the British museum, etc.). Although we decided to opt for internet access for 2 nights and were expecting to pay the 15 pounds each night, we were shocked when checking out that we were also being charged 22 pounds for a 10 minute call to a London-based cell phone. When I checked with the hotel desk about this, I was told that calls to cell phone are charged at 2 pounds per minute, which seems pretty outrageous. This, however, was my only complaint regarding this lovely hotel, which I'd highly recommend if you can afford the rather steep prices charged.	
Jul 10 2007 	Use points!!!	Stayed here for 5 nights in July 07 using points. Let me first make this clear - this hotel is not worth the exorbitant rack rates they advertise. That being said, it is a beautiful property and is worth it if you use points. For the amount of money they charge you could get an equivalent Four Seasons in the US. This property however would qualify at most as a good 4 star if it were in the US. I used points and even the receptionist goes - &quot;smart move!&quot; as I was checking out.Service was good but the standard rooms are tiny. I upgraded my second night to an executive room for about 35 pounds a night and it was huge. Rooms are nice but lack the small touches and high quality you would find in a hotel where you are paying this kind of money. Don't get me wrong, it isn't bad - just not worth the rates they charge. Location can't be beat though. Soho, St Paul's, Tate, British Museum- all are within walking distance. This is as central as you can get in London. One downside is that the area is cramming with office workers on week days and you have to jostle for space with them as soon as you step out. Not a very relaxing feeling if you are on vacation.Now for the downside - the bald older gentlemen at the concierge desk with the top coat. This gentlemen had the stiff English upper lip, made us feel like he was doing us a favor and was just the kind that makes you feel uncomfortable. The younger evening concierge was better but did not go out of his way either.To conclude -- great location, decent hotel, small standard rooms, good executive rooms, not worth the money so use points, they should fire the concierge.	
Jul 9 2007	Well maintained property	The Renaissance Chancery Court is a very nice business class hotel. The property is very clean and well maintained. The lobby was spotless and very impressive. My room was very clean, modern, and the beds were quite comfortable. If my room had a safe, I wasn't able to find it.The hotel is very conveniently located to the Holburn tube station. If not travelling with alot of luggage, I recommend taking the tube from Heathrow. With luggage, pay the riduculous cab fee ($140 in my case).I found the hotel breakfast to be very average. Not worth the money in my opinion. Plenty of other breakfast options a short walk from the hotel.This is a nice hotel if you're travelling for business. I would probably consider other options if you're travelling on vacation with family. While the staff is very professional, I found the overall atmosphere of this hotel to be a bit cold. Given this hotel's Trip Advisor ranking and its room rate, I was somewhat surprised that I much preferred the Hilton Dresden where I stayed a few days later.	
Jul 5 2007 	Enjoyed our stay.	We booked this hotel on the Marriott website using the AAA weekend rate. We were very pleased with our stay. We found the hotel to be very comfortable, especially the beds. Very nice bathroom. We received an upgrade to executive upon check-in and were given the two double beds we requested. We were on the top floor. Our windows opened onto the courtyard but really no view due to the height of the windows. On Saturday night, there was a very loud commotion in the courtyard in the middle of the night that lasted about 30 minutes - because of the above, we could not see down to what was going on.The service at the desk was very pleasant. The breakfasts in Pearl Restaurant were included in our room and were delicious - the best of our entire trip. We ordered off the menu - wonderful things like Eggs Benedict and big, fluffy omelettes. Much better than the yucky buffets we experienced at most hotels.The hotel is conveniently located close to a tube station and we were able to walk many places, including the British Museum, West End for shows, Trafalgar Square, etc.Would stay here again even if the immediate neighborhood itself was not the most scenic.	
Jun 24 2007 	Very Good Hotel!	Decided to stay here from reviews on the site, and was not disappointed! We stayed in room 526, very large room (2 double beds) - I think it was an 'executive room'?The hotel is very well appointed, fine, impressive reception with friendly reception staff, more than just the usual smiles - we felt that they really were pleased to see us!We only had the 1 night here, but I would definately consider staying here again.Best bits - 1) the warmth and friendliness of the staff, all of them - from managers to chamber maids passing in the halls;2) the Spa - especially the services of Roberto - WOW!3) the ambience and quietness - a haven from what is outside4) the beds must be the most comfy in London!Not so best bits - Not many, but if I were being picky - the £15 per day charge for broadband is a bit cheeky. It'd be cheaper to use a data card and SIM from your mobile. There's no swimming pool - but the Spa, Sauna, Steamroom and funky showers almost make up for that. Lastly - some of the bar staff can be a bit dippy(!)	
Jun 20 2007 	Wonderful Everytime!	We stayed at this lovely hotel for three nights at the end of May. We booked far in advance and used our Marriott Reward Points. The first room we were given was near the service elevator, but after we were put in contact with the guest services manager, Jesse, all went extremely well. She put us in a beautiful room near the marbel staircase. She went the extra mile to make us comfortable and we appreciate her kindness.The food in this hotel is superb! The staff are all very attentive and the hotel itself is beautiful and spotless. The floral arrangements throughout the hotel were breathtaking! Oh, and the bathroom in our room had a Roman tub, huge walk in shower, a two sink vanity and a makeup vanity, as well. Heaven!This is our second stay. We stayed here for three nights in mid December (2006) and our stay at that time was wonderful, as well.We will be staying at the Renaissance Chancery Court each time we visit London!!	
Jun 19 2007 	Another wonderful stay - love it here !!	We were lucky to have had another opportunity of staying at this lovely hotel...our 4th or 5th time in the last 5 yrs...Husband likes to stay here on business, as he can walk to his offices by St. Paul's (10-15 mins.)As I've said before, location is great. The Tube, grocery (big Sainsbury local), coffee &amp; sandwich places, Oxford St shops, Theatre District, Covent Garden, British Museum, are all within a few mins to a few blocks walk. My 8 yr. old daughter &amp; I even managed to walk all the way to Tate Modern, but because it's London, you really don't realize how easy the walk is !! Remember, London is a walking city - its not unusual to find yourself walking from shopping in Regent St. then make your way to Oxford St., then back to your hotel.The front lobby staff is &amp; has always been friendly &amp; accomodating, in my experience...We were able to check in at 11 am without a hassle. Concierge was helpful too. Beds were also comfortable, room service was spot on, &amp; bathrooms &amp; linen quite clean. Rooms once again were spacious &amp; hotel as a whole was very clean. Only &quot;slight&quot; complaint I had was a big confusion between the doormen, where one of them who had been watching the front door (while we were with another at the front/street entrance) inadvertently gave our cab to someone else !...He was apologetic (thankfully) &amp; quickly rectified the situation. The front door service improved slightly since we were last there in October. This hotel is 4 1/2 stars at best - this is what you should expect here. And yes, this hotel is pricey, but this hotel is in the very expensive city of London. Just remember, this hotel has been rated in the top 5 for the past few years, &amp; some of those reasons I have set out above - which is why customers like me keep going back there.Otherwise, I would strongly recommend this hotel to any traveler - though my daughter wishes they had a pool !	
Jun 18 2007 	Nicely done	My boyfriend and I stayed here for three days over the Christmas holidays. The building is old school and stunning. Our room was large and comfortable, the service was great (turn down service tidies the room and bathroom, housekeeping comes within 5 minutes, the exercise toom is cleaned about every 30 minutes, etc. ) and the location was excellent -- a block from the subway and within an easy 10-15 minute walk to cool stores, restaurants, clubs, etc. in Soho and beyond. The hotel is also close to Clerkenwell, which is kind of a cross between Tribeca and the LES in NY.My biggest and perhaps only complaint with the hotel was the breakfast. The food lacked any taste. But the coffee was good. Nevertheless, I recommend eating elsewhere. We had dinner at Arbutus in Soho and highly recommend it. Especially for the price. And do check out the many Indian/Pakistani restaurants in the east end of town.	
May 23 2007	Excellent Stay at a Winter Bargain Price	I needed a place to stay in London for a week. The Chancery Court was running a special: stay for a weekend and all consecutive nights were 99 Pounds. Six days at 99 Pounds each (including breakfast) for this property were a complete steal. Above average size room and bathroom -- much more like an American hotel than other places I stayed in UK. Breakfast was fine although the presentation in the dining area exceeded the food. Very helpful staff. This property is located in the financial district, but I found it an easy walk to Oxford Street and Covent Garden. Property is just a half block from a nice little grocery store and a couple restaurants (the Korean place under the streets is pricey but excellent). Also just a half block from the Holborn tube station -- very convenient. Note: the hotel is hidden behind a high wall that surrounds the interior courtyard. Confused me a bit after I exited the Holborn station carrying 8 hours of jet lag. Had to ask a cabbie where it was.	
May 23 2007 	Lovely staff gorgeous facility	I just came back from spending three weeks in Europe, culminating with three nights at the Chancery Court. We used Rewards to pay for the stay, and I suppose if I had to pay full price that might color my opinion, but it was a wonderful ending to our vacation. The Chancery Court facility is beautiful, luxurious, and very well maintained. I found the staff (from doorman through reception to waiters and maids) to be courteous, friendly and helpful. In fact, the best experience of our trip. I liked that the hotel itself is on a street which is quiet at night -- yet one block from a lively restaurant district, easy walking distance to the British Museum (5-6 minutes away?) the theatre district (10 minute walk?) the Thames, etc. And there is an underground entrance (Holborn Station) one block from the hotel. Given how hideously expensive cab fare is in London, the location is very important.Now for some specifics: the beds were wonderful -- the best we slept in during our three week stay. Lovely feather beds with down comforters and pillows. The bathroom was beautiful, with cream and black marble. We got an unpgrade (even though we were using Rewards) to a mini-suite without asking. The breakfasts were fabulous (yes, I'd balk if I had to pay 20-to-25 pounds, but since they were included in our stay...) lovely choice of cheeses, fruits, breads as well as a good list of eggs any style, etc. The egg white omelettes were wonderful. And the Sunday Brunch was even better. Our waiter, Victor, stood out as both charming and helpful. Let me say it was my daughter's first trip to Europe -- we joked that her next trip is unlikely to include a stay at the Chancery -- but for those of you who are thinking of staying there I strongly advise becoming a Marriott Rewards member -- even before you can use the points, you get advantages, such as breakfast-included deals and room upgrades which really add up to a great experience.	
May 2 2007 	Top notch	I have just spend one night at the Renaissance Chancery Court and wish that it had been a week!The hotel lives up to all the glowing reviews it gets.The staff are friendly , the rooms are really comfortable and spacious and you really feel that you are staying somewhere special.I stayed with my mother but now intend to return with my Husband(minus mother this time!)	
May 2 2007	not worth the price tag!	I must say, for such a high price tag and with such great reviews posted below, I was rather disappointed in the quality, luxury and customer service the hotel had to offer. The location was ideal for us as we had a wedding to attend nearby, but we paid a lot of money for this hotel as I was certain this would be one of the nicest hotels thus far. I was quickly proven wrong. The rooms were small with nothing special, definitely not 5* quality, I would qualify the rooms as 3*. I have stayed at some of the best hotels in the world but also some of the worst, so I am confident that I know what I am talking about! One of the two lifts were out of service, so waiting 7 minutes for the lift was becoming quite the normalcy. Staff was okay, but I stress not more than that. I asked the concierge where a Boots store was and he told me there were none in the area. Funny, as I realized later, there was one just a block away. We put the 'do not disturb' sign out and instead they called us. On the last day, my fiance did the cardinal sin and forgot to put the sign out. They knocked at 8:00, he asked them to come back after noon. They knocked at 8:45, he asked them to come back after noon again. They knocked at 9:30 (he asked again) desperate to get a proper rest. After they knocked for the fourth time in a two hour period, he got up. The breakfast buffet was a joke! the eggs looked like water with a bit of egg. Far too runny to have a place at an upscale restaurant. And the food served was below par. All in all, a less than desirable stay. And I will not be returning to this hotel anytime soon.	
Apr 30 2007 	Loved every minute of it!	I stayed at this wonderful hotel with my husband and two children (10 and 14) for a family weekend, and we all loved every minute of it. The staff was exceptional, and made us all feel very welcome. Our family room was very comfortable and elegant. We had some problems with the air condition the first night, and when they were unable to fix it, we were promptly upgraded to an even bigger and better room.The hotel as a whole has a unique architecture and atmosphere.Our only complaint, given the very high overall standard of the service and the staff, would be that the service at breakfast was a bit slow. Regardless of this we all look forward to coming back!	
Apr 29 2007 	Ok but not as good as the reviews here or many other London Hotels	Just stayed at the CCH and had to write, as it's the worst of 5 hotels in London that we've stayed in recently, and it's just not up to scratch in the 5 star category. (The other hotels are: Gt Eastern (in the City), Sofitel St James (on Pall Mall), One Aldwych (the name gives the location away) and the Malmaison in Clerkenwell).Good Stuff:- The courtyard when you arrive by taxi- it looks beautiful and the reception area is elegant and calming- good start..!- Check in staff- efficient and friendly.- Room: (Deluxe Double) decent size, really comfy large bed, powerful shower.The Rest:- Door staff and concierge (esp Derek) not that interested.- No CD player, DVD player or MP3 player input in the room. No music...!- Furnishings in room ok, but visually cluttered and lacking the edge of luxury that you expect in this type of property.- Minibar contents: all non-premium brands: Beefeater, Smirnoff, Famous Grouse.- The main bar: looks like they've tried to build a classic hotel/club bar, but it's missing a vitial element: atmosphere!It feels pre-fab. Good staff, good drinks selection and excellent cocktail list, though.- Breakfast (in the Pearl restuarant): funny pricing structure, which means that having ordered from the a la carte, if I wanted a pastry from the buffet, I'd have to pay for a whole separate breakfast!- Breakfast #2: I had porridge and Eggs Benedict, and they came out together. I asked for the eggs to be brought back in a little while, and when they returned, they had been kept warm badly: The hollandaise had solidified and the eggs were cooked solid..! Plus, the dish came with hash browns which is weird and out of context. Some of these concerns may seem trivial, but it feels to me as thoughthere are elements missing from the service and from the delivery of the things that make or break a stay at a hotel of this nature.It's a perfectly decent hotel, but not one I'd go out of my way to stay at again- any of those mentioned above, I would- tomorrow.	
Apr 28 2007 	Beautiful Hotel with prime location	We stayed for a 7 night vacation at this lovely hotel. We arrived on a Saturday morning at 7:00am London time after an over night flight from the U.S. They let us check into our room immediately which was a huge relief. The room was spacious, clean and very comfortable for 3 people. The location could not be beat. It was my first time visting London and I couldn't believe how many of the major attractions were within walking distance. there is also a Tube station on the corner. The service at the hotel was absolutely exceptional, from the door men to the evening refresher service. They have a 24 hour concierge service was was very useful for information and reservations etc. I can't wait to go back to London and would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 23 2007 	Wonderful stay	Just returned after staying three nights on the Easter week package. We were happy to see that the hotel is still living up to their own high standards.	
Apr 17 2007 	Go for the Location Stay for the Service!	My family and I just returned from a five night stay in London at the Renaissance Chancery Lane. We were using Marriott Points, so our stay was free. Perhaps that had a little something to do with our positive experience (especially given the high cost of everything in London), but I cannot overstate how much we enjoyed our stay.We were two adults and two teens and had requested a bedroom with two queen-sized beds. Once I figured out a way to communicate with the very nice manager, Jo, I was able to confirm that we would definitely have a room that can accommodate 4. This is a good tip for families - I found it otherwise very hard to find hotels that can accommodate a family without having to book 2 rooms.Our location was ideal. We were just a block from the Holburn Underground stop (which is on both the Piccadilly and Central line). There is a Pret a Manger on the corner where we'd buy breakfast every morning (we did not have the breakfast plan and the only negative about the hotel is that the food is outrageously expensive - but then again, so is everything!). I highly recommend purchasing a 7-day travel card while in the US - it was so easy traveling everywhere in London by the Underground.Another tip - there is an internet cafe (24 hours) that is just 2 blocks to the East of the hotel on High Holburn. It's only 1 pound for 30 minutes (vs. 5 pounds for 15 minutes at the Chancery Lane's business center). We were out and about a lot - but always came back by around 4pm to relax in our comfortable room, make tea (they have complimentary tea service in the room - e.g. kettle, milk, tea bags, instant coffee, etc). We then would buy McVitities Chocolate Covered Digestives and have our own inexpensive &quot;tea&quot; break. The concierge staff was very helpful (see some of the other negative comments on this from other Trip Advisor customers), so we had no complaints there. Our flight was in the evening so we stored our things at the hotel for the whole day after we checked out. Yes, they have fruit and chocolates all of the time at the front desk!I would stay here again in a minute - even without points!	
Apr 11 2007 	Great Experience!	I stayed at the Renaissance Chancery Court for three nights in February. This was my fourth stay at this property and I can honestlysay that I like it more each time I go back. The hotel is conveniently located, just a minute's walk from the Holborn tube station (which you can reach from Heathrow without having to change trains). The staff are very welcoming upon arrival and were able to check me into my room early. The rooms are nicely decorated and have Marriott's new bedding package, which is very comfortable. The bathroom was huge, especially by London standards, and beautifully done. I was able to get a Club Floor room on this visit, which was really nice. I'm not sure how much nicer the rooms on teh Club Floor actually are, but the club lounge was very nice and served a good breakfast (with pastries, meats, fruit, juices, etc.) every morning. Given the cost of everything in London, this was a nice savings. I did not eat at the restaurant, but did have a couple of beers at the bar (which set me back US$24). That was a one-time trip to the bar!The hotel is beautifully done and still very comfortable. The location is great and the staff are first rate. If you can get a goodroom rate, I think this is a nice hotel for both the business and leisure traveler.	
Apr 10 2007 	Still A Great Hotel	The Chancery Court is still a great hotel with unparalled service andamenities. The concierge lounge is superb and saves one considerable pounds while adding them in the physical sense. The rooms are capacious and quiet with new beds that are a dream. The location can't be beatWe spent four days this past February after having stayed two years ago during the same time frame. It is reassuring that the high standards have been maintained.	
Apr 6 2007 	Outstanding hotel	We enjoyed a wonderful weekend at this hotel which more than deserves a 5 star rating. The rooms are very spacious, the bathrooms are exceptionally nice and the location is ideal. What makes this hotel stand out from others is the outstanding staff who go above and beyond to ensure that guest's needs are met. As our flight from the US arrived at 7 am, I had emailed the manager to request an early check-in if possible. He responded that he would make a note of the request, but since the hotel was showing high occupancy on that date, it would be unlikely. When we arrived at 8:45 am after a long flight with marred by the toddler seated in front of us who screamed the entire way, we were immediately given the key to our room. After a 3 hour nap, we were then able to enjoy a full day in London. With the weekend rate plus a AAA discount, this hotel is very affordable for a top hotel in central London; we would definitely return to this property.	
Apr 6 2007	Perfect for the business traveller	This hotel lives up to its Trip Advisor reputation. The service is exemplary and the rooms are extremely comfortable. The Renaissance Chancery is also in a great location - Holborn is an easy tube ride to anywhere within London. It's also an easy walk to the West End, Covent Garden, Soho and Chinatown. Try and get a room on the Club Floor - it's a must for the business traveller or if you are staying for longer than just a few days. I've stayed at several five star hotels in London and this is definitely my pick.	
Apr 3 2007 	Favorite LondonHotel	I've stayed at several Marriott Hotels in London and this is the best in terms of service, location and accessibility to pretty much anything. It is a short walk to the Tube, lots of eating places around the area (Asian, Middle Eastern, American, etc.), walking distance to the Theater district, London Eye, and much more...not to mention a Starbucks right across the hotel.The service was fantastic. Good breakfast and lunch buffet selection. I was not familiar with one of the food items served and the server got the chef who came to our table and gave us an interesting history of the food. Concierge, doormen and front desk folks were very helpful. Much better service than Marriott Marble Arch or Grovesnor House.	
Apr 3 2007 	Excellent Stay	We stayed here for 2 nights over New Year 2006/2007. We arrived at 11am and we were checked into a Club Floor Room. The room was very nice and of a good size for London with tasteful decorations and overlooked the Courtyard. The bathroom was spotless and the bed was very comfortable with very nice bed linen.We had cocktails in the Chancery Court bar in the hotel which were excellent and good nibbles were provided. Prices were on a par with any cocktail bar in London.Breakfast was provided in the Club Lounge each morning and was of an excellent quality.We would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 2 2007 	Lovely Hotel	I stayed here with my Husband at the beginning of March for my Birthday weekend. We chose this hotel as it was very close (a 5 - 10 minute walk) to most of the area's we wanted to visit - Covent Garden, Leicester Square - but because it is classed as a business hotel the weekend rate offered is very good. We were checked in immediately despite being 2 hours earlier than advertised check in time, by a very polite and friendly gentleman, and given a very large bright room overlooking the courtyard on the first floor. The room was spotless as was the good sized bathroom. There was a well stocked mini bar which we did not use and a very generous supply of tea, coffee and biscuits which we did, they actually supply a teapot in which to make your tea which I don't believe is usual at most hotels, and I thought this was a very nice touch. We were out until late in the evening but all the time we did spend in our room was a pleasure, a welcome oasis of almost complete silence once you closed the door. We didn't use any of the business services or the concierge service so I cannot comment on those aspects of the hotel. We found the drinks at the hotel bar to be a little on the expensive side, although we expected to pay more as we were in a five star hotel in London, we were still a little taken aback that 2 Jack Daniels and Coke cost £22.00 although I will say that the hotels standard measure is a double, suffice to say we made them last a lot longer than usual. It would actually have been cheaper for me to have had a cocktail!Our room rate included breakfast which would otherwise have cost £22.50 per person. We could have eaten in the Pearl Restaurant with complete waiter service or the Buffet in The Lounge, with partial waiter service, as we were pressed for time we decided on the Buffet. We had an excellent experience, very attentive waiting staff constantly supplied you with fresh tea, coffee and toast, the selection was very good, and all cooked items were both very fresh and very hot. There was also a very good selection of yoghurt, fruit, cereals, pastries and fresh juices and even fruit smoothies available. We were so happy with this hotel as a weekend leisure destination that we have decided to make it our hotel of choice for all our London trips.	
Mar 31 2007 	Best hotel in London - Business or leisure	I travel to London routinely for business and leisure and have stayed at 10 different hotels around the city. By far, the Chancery Court is the best hotel in terms of value, location, service and food quality. In the past three years, I spent about 60 nights at this hotel and have stayed in a number of different rooms – all very clean - bright and modern. For those looking for an extra quiet room, I suggest reserving a courtyard facing room.The front desk and hotel staff are very friendly and the service is fast. The location is perfect because I can walk 2 minutes to the Holburn tube station and go anywhere, including a direct train to Heathrow airport on the Piccadilly line. Additionally, after a long day at work, I can walk to Covent Garden (10 minutes) for dinner and shopping. You can walk to St. Paul's Cathedral (15 minutes) and walk a little further to Trafalgar's square (20) for sightseeing and more. Behind the hotel there is a small park where you can walk around, and there are a number of good, cheap and fast restaurants and markets to pick up something quick to eat. I will definitely return to the hotel next time I am in London.	
Mar 29 2007	More Like the Chancery at Motel 6 Court	Do not even bother with the concierge desk, you'll get the same results leafing through the yellow pages. Total joke of a business center, $50/hr for internet! Enjoy.	
Mar 20 2007 	Lovely Stay	As others have stated, terrific location. Also, friendly staff and nice rooms. Nothing that stood out as extraordinary, but we had a lovely stay and nothing to complain about. I would recommend this hotel primarily for it's location.	
Mar 20 2007 	Perfect hotel perfect location...	Just back after a long weekend in London, and can honestly say this hotel is perfect. Arrived at Heathrow at lunchtime and got the tube straight to Holborn (£4 one ware fare, which took less than 1 hour), the hotel is just a few minutes walk from Holborn station. Got our room straight away (even though we had arrived at 1pm) and were up in our 4th floor room in minutes. Not the greatest view but hey ho was not there to look out of the window. Twin room which was huge. And the bathroom....luxury. Double sinks, seperate shower cubicle...which was massive. As stated in previous reviews they provide the following...hairdryer, tea / coffee making facitlies, shower gel, shampoo etc etc. The beds are soooo comfy....perfect after a long day shopping ! Could not fault the rooms at all.Breakfast (which was incl in our £148pn rate) was very good, but unless incl in rate I would go elsewhere....for a fraction of the price (you are minutes from plenty of choices..) Ate brekkie in both the lounge and the Pearl Restaurant, which if incl i would suggest you try both. Pearl is very grand and has to be seen...staff are falling over themselves to serve you (not literally or I would have just left ! lol) Food is excellent in both and service is very quick.Spa in the hotel is also very very nice....felt extremely pampered when we left...bliss...All in all a very nice luxury (expensive) hotel, very central (we walked most places....i.e to Theatre so see Dirty Dancing..10 min walk) Would definetly stay here again...but will have to save my pennies first...	
Mar 12 2007 	Third time and great as always.	Stayed at the hotel for the third time for a theatre weekend in London and it was great as always. The location can't be beat and the public spaces are wonderful. The AAA weekend rate of 140 pounds included the buffet breakfast. I just love being a few blocks from the theatres and the British musuem. The 6th floor room with a view of the courtyard was quiet. My only complaint is the bland marriott decor in the rooms....you could be anywhere.	
Mar 6 2007	Service!..The Only Thing They Didn'T Do Was Drink My Coffee!	It was a Christmas Prezzie. Two nights in the Renaissance.The hotel foyer says it all...service, comfort and of course expence.The rooms were well laid out and had everything you could want.The bars and lounges were supremely comfortable and the service excellent.Breakfast was expensive at £22.50 each, but since the rooms were paid we pushed out the boat!.The staff could not do enough for you, from when you were shown to your table until you removed your napkin.They were totally attentive.If you get the chance of a little pampering...try the Renaissance and it's right next to Covent Garden.Great week-end.jim campbell	
Mar 4 2007 	Favourite London Hotel	This was my second stay in the Chancery Court and I love it. I don't think I will stay anywhere else in London having been to lots of other London hotels in the past.It's so handy to the tube and very central but yet the hotel is set off the main road in a little courtyard and we never hear any outside noise. On both stays we have had a lovely room with two huge beds and a lovely bathroom. The staff are friendly and very accomodating. It was my birthday and a complimentary bottle of wine was left in the room, a nice touch! We had a rate that included breakfast which is the only thing that lets the hotel down a little bit. You can eat in the lounge area or go into the Pearl Restaurant. There can be quite a queue for the lounge (self-service buffet) as there aren't that many tables and the standard of food was ok but with such a lovely hotel we expected a bit more on offer. We went to the lounge one morning and were a little disappointed so the next morning we ate in the Pearl Restaurant which proved to be a much better experience. The waiter will bring you everything from your cereal and fruit juice right through to your hot english breakfast. You can self-serve some fruit and pastries though. The standard of food, especially the hot breakfast, was much nicer than the lounge. I recommend having breakfast in the Pearl Restaurant if you have the time in the morning - if you want a quick bite and out again then go to the lounge.All in all, I can't complain too much about anything with this hotel.	
Feb 23 2007 	Wow what a great Hotel	I stay at hotels mostly Marriots/Hitlons about 100 nights a year. Book the Renaissance Chancery Court with reward points. This really is a nice hotel, it used to be an insurance building with really nice marble accents throughout, it looks very classy all around. I have platinum status at Marriott so I might have received an upgraded room, the room was enormous for European standards to real double beds, 2 couches, sitting area, nice modern bathroom with a mirror that heated up so when you go out of the shower you can see to shave, such a nice feature. The concierge lounge was excellent, one of the better ones I've seen. Service was excellent. Without elaborating too much this is one of the top 5 hotels I've ever stayed at. great location as well. There aren't really any views and there's no pool but I didn't really care about this.	
Feb 20 2007	Great Hotel	We have just enjoyed two nights at the Renaissance Chancery Court to celebrate my birthday. Architecturally and stylistically impressive, this hotel delivered on all levels. Our room was light, spacious, beautifully decorated and well laid out. Very comfortable bed and pillows, and nice touches like a complimentary newspaper each morning, lots of fluffy towels and good quality toiletries, excellent selection of in-room teas/coffees etc. I was particularly impressed by the complimentary chocolates and wine on ice provided by the Guest Relations Team for my birthday. Location wise it’s hard to see how this hotel could be bettered for a weekend in the capital – close to Holborn tube station, within easy walking distance of lots of pubs, bars and restaurants, theatres, Covent Garden and China Town. We also walked to the London Eye and back which is a longer stroll but definitely doable. We just used the tube to get to and from Euston – when you’ve only got a weekend in London you don’t want to spend much time underground.We found all members of staff to be friendly and helpful – very courteous and the level of service was consistently good. We ate breakfast in the Pearl Restaurant on both days and thoroughly enjoyed the experience – the hot dishes are cooked to order here which we preferred to a buffet arrangement which was also available elsewhere in the hotel. Overall this hotel provided a fantastic backdrop for the weekend - a calm, luxurious oasis to return to after a busy day exploring London and enjoying a musical (Dirty Dancing which was excellent) and a fantastic meal (amazing Thai food at Patara in Maddox Street). We really enjoyed ending each day with a drink in ‘The Bar’ which has a fantastic atmosphere in a marvellously sophisticated yet comfortable setting.We highly recommend the Renaissance Chancery Court – it definitely made our weekend extra special and memorable.	
Feb 13 2007 	Worth The Money	I've just returned from a long weekend in this hotel, and can honestly say it was worth it. The room was huge, much larger than I expected, decorated beautifully and kept very clean. The staff are very attentive. They found out that it was my thirtieth birthday and they arranged to have a cake made and bought to my breakfast table! The location is fantastic. The tube station is practically next door, but it is just a short walk from Covent Garden and the British Museum. If you can afford it, visit the Pearl restaurant. We had a three course meal there, and it was the best meal I've ever had.Yes, it is pricey, but the money is well spent. If you want to treat yourself to a luxury stay, I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel. I booked in advance on the Marriot website and got a deluxe room for £148 per night including breakfast.	
Feb 11 2007 	A Royal Experience	Just returned from a two night stay at the Renaissance Chancery Court for business. It's a beautiful grand hotel with an impressive cobble stoned courtyard-- located a block and a half (few minutes walk) from the Holburn tube stop. The hotel is conveniently located on the Picadilly (blue) line -- same line as the Heathrow airport terminal stop. Price of the tube ticket from Zone 6 to central London was about 8 GBP, which is a bargain compared to 70 GBP for a taxi ride to central London. Check-in was a breeze, reception was very pleasant. There was no wait for my room. I had a room on the 6th floor. The room was cozy -- king sized bed (high end linens, comfortable mattress) and a separate area for a desk (internet access was 15 GBP per day), nice clean marble bath, nightly turn down service. I had no major issues with the room, although there was no view from my windows. I think the rooms on some of the lower floors have higher ceilings and may have a better view. Take the stairs each day, so that you can admire the grand ornate marble staircase -- old school charm and elegance. Only negative was the price/room rate (in addition to the 17.5% daily VAT tax added to the hotel bill) given the low value of the U.S. dollar compared to the pound, but it's no different from prices charged for mid-luxe hotels in major cities like Los Angeles, NY, Paris. The hotel had a reasonable weekend rate 121 GBP (approx. US$290/night when you include the tax), which includes breakfast, and helps offset to some degree the high 220+ GBP rate charged during the weekdays. You get a complimentary copy of the London Times each morning. Buffet breakfast at the Lounge is pricey at 22 GBP per person. Breakfast included selections of bacon, sausage, pancakes, scrambled eggs, cereals, yogurts, fruit salads, and potatoes/hashbrowns and selection of teas/coffee. Pretty basic fare. There's a Pret a Manger next door to the left, and a Starbucks across the street for less pricier breakfast alternatives. There are two local Sainsbury supermarkets in the area -- one across the street from the Holburn tube stop (1 block and half to the left of the hotel) and one smaller one to the right of the hotel (also about two blocks away). If you walk about two to three blocks to the right of the hotel, you'll come across PAUL, which is a french patisserie shop. Although it's a chain in Paris, they make a great quiches, croissants, bread, and tartlettes. The best thing is the location of the hotel -- in a safe area, close to everything--from the famous London sites and shopping to the business district. Hope this review helps!	
Jan 29 2007 	Beautiful hotel spotty service	I recently stayed at this hotel based on a good friends reco. She had always had good service here so we decided to stay. The hotel is absolutely beautiful to look at, an the room that we had was very large, but loud (from the bar below).However, the hotel has spotty staff service. Some of the service was wondeful (ie the chef, and kitchen staff) but housekeeping and the front desk staff were rude and unhelpful. Our room was not ready when we arrived and was not serviced one day at all. But the location is wondeful. Kind of a mixed bag.	
Jan 25 2007	Hm.	Stayed here for a couple of nights on business, 23-25th Jan 07. The room rate was approx 190GBP+VAT. I was glad my company was paying, and not me to be honest. It's nice and plush, and everything, and I liked the room. BUT, I went to have a shower before I went to bed at 11pm - and there was no hot water. The second night I ran a bath about 9:45pm, and the water was distinctly luke warm. For a hotel that charges that amount of money you might expect a bit more? Everything else was excellent though.	
Jan 22 2007 	Must be the quietest hotel rooms in London	We had a wonderful weekend at the Chancery Court. Very nice room (deluxe) - must be the most peaceful hotel in London as you cannot hear a sound.Very pleasant and helpful staff and an excellent breakfast. The room key computer broke down on our arrival but the hotel organised extra staff to help guests until it was fixed.	
Jan 19 2007	Wonderful "City" Hotel	Great location and very considerate staff. The juxtaposition between the historic, ornate structure itself and the Art Deco decor was an unsual, but visually exciting mix. Loved the cigar bar, and there's a nice, albeit small, workout room.	
Jan 17 2007 	Great Location	The location of this hotel is great, it's a 10 minute walk to Covent Garden and just a three minute walk from the tube station.The hotel is Absolutely Immaculate the rooms are serviced twice a day, the twin rooms are very spacious with two double beds, and the car parking is extremely reasonable for London.We got a good deal on the hotel £160 b&amp;b that's half the price the hotel charge on their website. On arrival the hotel seemed a little lifeless, there were not many people around, the check in staff were friendly enough. There never seemed to be anyone at the porters desk to help with luggage.We originally had a double room with a king bed, which was clean, although there was not much light. Unfortunately there was a rather annoying fan like noise from air conditioning or a boiler which wouldn't switch off. Reception were very helpful and sent someone up straight away and eventually we moved rooms at midnight, the porter who came to help us move acted like he couldn't be bothered.Breakfast leaves quite a lot to be desired, if you don't get an inclusive rate find somewhere else for breakfast, luckily we had it included otherwise a total bill of £93 for four people!!!!! There is a good selection of cold fruit , yoghurt and juices, there was not a great choice for the full english, the scrambled eggs were dry and not great! The service was slow, and it was certainly not service with a smile.The problem with this hotel is that nobody smiles!	
Jan 15 2007 	Very satisfied	My husband and I stayed at the Chancery Court on a combination business and pleasure trip just after the New Year. Our choice was based in part on the reviews here, as well as its location between Covent Garden and the financial area. We were very pleased with both the accommodations and the location. The hotel itself is a beautiful historic building from the early 1900s, with an arched entry into a quiet courtyard. The lounge bar is nice, although it could use a little updating. Our room was not huge, but spacious enough by London standards and not unreasonably priced. Dining at the Pearl restaurant was better than expected. We walked to the British Museum on one of our “off” days, and to the theatre that evening. We will definitely return on our next trip to London, and we will recommend this hotel to others.	
Jan 15 2007 	Excellent hotel	We recently stayed at the Renaissance Chancery Court from Sunday 7 January – Wednesday 10 January, we have also stayed on numerous other occasions whilst my partner has been working in London. Overall the hotel and service is excellent, very clean, tidy with extremely courteous and helpful staff.The rooms are spacious, well furnished and have comfortable beds. The bathrooms are kept to a very high standard, although we have had various bathroom sizes ranging from huge to very small, it seems to be how lucky you are on the day. One disappointment is the size of the towels – very small for such a high level hotel.The breakfast is very expensive, even by London standards, but there are plenty of shops like Pret/Eat/Starbucks etc nearby for your morning coffee fix. Also expensive is the internet access (wired – another disappointment), £15 for 24 hours. With Malmaison, Hotel du Vin and Radisson offering internet for free, surely some of the larger chains have got to catch up.We had an evening drink in The Bar. Although expensive, the bar is very pleasant and relaxing, great nibbles are included!Location wise for us the hotel is perfect. Within walking distance of Covent Garden, Theatreland, Trafalgar Square etc, also right next door to Holborn tube station.The building itself is beautiful, with a grand courtyard as you enter. Somewhere calm, relaxing and classy to return to after the hustle and bustle of London.	
Jan 10 2007 	Spacious quiet well located	We were booked at another hotel for a New Year break but cancelled at the last moment and went to this hotel instead: the price was slightly lower and it looked far better value. I paid 157 pounds +VAT bed and breakfast. It was the right decision - this hotel was excellent.The room was very large by British standards and wellfurnished. The hotel was very quiet (our room overlooked the courtyard) despite being only a few minutes walk from Covent Garden. I have never really understood the point of a 'turndown' service: the napkins they left on the floor next to the bed were just clutter (they keep your feet clean for the momentary first step as you get out of bed??). Chocs were nice though.The only weakness was the buffet breakfast service. Our price was inclusive but it would definitely not have been worth paying an extra 21 pounds. Cold/non-existent tea &amp; coffee, slow service. Yet again an otherwise excellent London hotel has been let down by a breakfast which is way below 5-star in service and quality. I assume staffing difficulties are to blame.	
Jan 9 2007 	Fantastic Weekend Away	A birthday weekend surprise for my girlfriend the hotel didn't disappoint. Wonderful staff and a complimentary bottle of wine on our arrival a nice touch by the guest relations team. The Pearl restaurant is a must. Will certainly book again.	
Jan 9 2007 	The best kept secret.......	I've stayed at this property once or twice a year for the past 4 years. Having just returned from a 5 night stay here is the best thing I can say: Over the years, the quality and level of satisfaction has not diminished from the high standards found on my first visit.To keep it short and sweet, the location is excellent, walking distance to all of central london, but away from the bustle so you can come back to a quiet oasis. The service outstanding, although I was on a very discounted rate, the staff went out of their way to find me a room that I was comfortable in for a 5 night stay. The staff was consistently courteous and helpful. The beds are very comfortable with high quality linen. Housekeeping went above and beyond expectations in cleaning, and if you are not in your room for evening turndown, it's as if your room was cleaned all over again when you return. The building is beautiful, full of character and very well maintained.4 years running, highly recommended. I've never had a problem in 23 days of staying here.	
Jan 7 2007 	Interesting experience	We took up the review challenge following feedback - this hotel has a huge following - however we had an uneven experience:The front of house staff are really superb, my husband puts this down to their probably being on management trainee programs, however they are excellent. We received an upgrade to a huge room with very little furniture that was stark to say the least. Our bathroom was great. Breakfast terrible - most of our neighbouring tables complained, it appeared to be a fault but I would recommend going to the other restaurant for a proper freshly cooked English breakfast not the buffet option. Our main issue was returning from a West End show, we found decanters/bottles clinking in the main evening bar creating a huge racket - which the three waiters apparently put down to' air condition problems' maybe they should test their hearing and we personally don't think these staff would be employed in hotels we normally stay in - The Berkeley or The Lainsborough - a drink in the main brightly lit day reception area followed. Not quite the relaxing end to our evening we had envisaged.10 out of 10 for the spa - it really lived up to Conde Naste and worth booking even if you are not staying.	
Jan 5 2007 	Smart . . . Not Stuffy	Stayed here for 3 nights over Christmas and can only say WELL DONE to the entire staff of this hotel. Roman, the manager, greeted us and, although we arrived at 9:30AM, we were given a room immediately. We took a light nap before a show (Stomp, was great!) and showered . . . discovered our hot water was not working. We mentioned it to the front desk and when we arrived back they had moved us to a suite and brought champagne and cheese for the inconvenience. The rooms are spacious by US standards with very comfortable beds (great bedding), large, well-appointed bathrooms and shower products. Although we did not eat at Pearl, the lounge serves a delicious High Tea. Every employee we encountered was very friendly and service-oriented.BTW, the Club lounge is WELL worth it and has an amazing breakfast and great snacks and an honor bar at night.	
Jan 5 2007	Love the Chancery Court	What a wonderful hotel with loads of character and unbelievably large rooms especially for London. Excellent, friendly staff who were extremely helpful. I didn't eat in their restaurants, as I found the breakfast to be quite expensive. However, right outside the door is a Pret' a Manger coffee shop that is great for a quick coffee and croissant in the morning. I would definitely recommend this hotel for those desiring a luxury property without the 5 star prices.	
Jan 4 2007 	Family Trip	This hotel was exactly as described in previous reviews. Great location - just over a block to the Holburn tube station. Rooms are huge by European standards. They advertise two double beds, but they were actually queens. The only complaint would be that the concierge service was inconsistent. A few of them were very helpful and a few pretty useless.	
Jan 3 2007 	What a hotel!	Booked the Renaissance Chancery Court for a 5 day holiday over New Year's Eve 2006-7 based on reviews here and elsewhere. My wife and I got a 136 pound/night rate, inclusive of breakfast, which was very competitive considering the holiday season. Our stay was fantastic - one of the best hotel experiences ever. Certainly it was the nicest Marriott I've ever stayed in. We arrived at the hotel early and jetlagged and were received by a professional staff who presented us with a personalized welcome letter and accomodated us directly with a 5th floor king bed, nonsmoking room with a view of the Millenium Eye. The room itself was a deluxe room with two chairs &amp; a side table, as well as a desk, and was probably close to 250 sq ft - HUGE. This was a tremendous welcome, as was the general appearance of the place: handsome without feeling ostentatious, chic without being flashy, and impeccably clean. The hotel is located within a historic financial property, and the lobby is gorgeous; so are the bar, spa, and Pearl restaurant. Perhaps even better is the central London location. I was initially concerned that we would be too close to the financial district, which would be deserted during holiday times. Not so. The Covent Garden/Soho area is an easy 10 minute walk, and the Holborn tube station is &lt; 100 yards away. The Holborn station is on the Central line, which makes all of London literally minutes away by the fabulous Underground system. There are shops and restaurants close by, including a Starbucks and a Pret A Manger just across the street - easy breakfast if you choose the EP plan. The bed was cozy, the food was great (especially at Pearl) and the drinks were smooth. Most importantly, the staff is well trained and attentive, and all encounters were handled professionally. Lest you think the place is absolutely flawless, I have only two relatively minor complaints. One, there is wired LAN access in the rooms, and wireless in the lobby; however, neither is complimentary and is in fact 15 pounds/day, which I consider unacceptably expensive. Two, the evening concierge staff were relatively uninformed about local restaurants/bars/clubs, but the day staff were quite helpful. All in all, however, these are almost insignificant blemishes. I would recommend Chancery Court highly to friends and family and would be thrilled to book there again.	
Jan 2 2007 	Wonderful stay	We have just returned from a two night stay (30 and 31 Dec.) at this hotel.We are a family of two adults and two children and stayed in a spacious room with two double beds for £159 pn inc. breakfast which was excellent value.It is a beautiful hotel in a fantastic location. The staff were friendly and helpful, and the breakfast and service in the Pearl restaurant was faultless. I don't think that I would have had breakfast in the hotel if it hadn't been included because it was very expensive, however, there are various places to eat nearby.Overall, the best stay in London I have ever had - although I have to admit that I am not a five star hotel regular.	
Dec 31 2006 	Smart property	One night stay in spacious, clean, smart, well equipped room with nice view of attractive inner courtyard. Excellent soundproofing, and comfortable bed resulted in a good night's sleep.This is a relatively new good standard slightly impersonal large 5 star hotel in a historic building with all facilities - obviously not cheap, but it delivered against our expectations. Afternoon tea in the Lounge, and breakfast in Pearl Restaurant were up to scratch, and staff were generally pleasant and helpful.We found the location adjacent to Holborn Tube ideal for walking to British Museum, Covent Garden, and Theatreland - whilst relatively quiet at night.	
Dec 31 2006 	Great Value	Overall, we enjoyed our stay at Chancery Court. Our rate was 134 pounds per room, per night and included a Full English breakfast buffet.We reserved through Marriott, because we could not reserve double rooms through the website for our family of six. The rooms are large, well kept, with very good service twice per day. Towels, robes, and beds were very comforatable.The facilities are nice with a small fitness room, with excellent cardio equipment and a nice bar. The restaurant is highly rated but we did not eat there.Overall service was very good, but the concierge was not consistently top notch.Other postings have rated this hotel higher than I have, but we had three issues:1. Double rooms not available, so king beds and a cot was provided. This is OK, but the cot could have been more comfortable. It might be that our rate was not high enough to pick the type of room. Still good value..2. Breakfast the first two days was manic. The Marriott team was working hard, but could not seem to keep up with the flow of customers.3. Support from the Concierge was mixed.This is a very good hotel, and we thought the rate provided excellent value. However, the three things noted would not have happened at an excellent five star experience.	
Dec 22 2006 	Ideal location friendly service stylishly romantic	My husband and I chose this hotel to celebrate our wedding anniversary, based on the reviews we'd read here. We could not have been more pleased. Superb staff--friendly, vastly knowledgeable, and happy to oblige--made this visit extraordinary by recommending and reserving tables at great restaurants, finding us directions, and helping us make the most of our 3-day stay in London. The rooms are immaculate, ultra-modern and very comfortable. The hotel is within easy walking distance of major shopping areas, including Oxford Street and Covent Garden, as well as the sights and fine dining of Soho. Conveniently located right near an underground station making transportation a breeze. The food is good here as well, and the bar has a well-stocked selection of beer, wines, and alcohol. One caveat: American visitors may be shocked at prices of food and liquor since right now the dollar is weak against the pound, but rest assured that the experience is well worth the money. We will stay here again on our next visit and would not hesitate to recommend this fine hotel to anyone seeking a memorably romantic and elegant stay in London. Superb!	
Dec 22 2006 	Excellent! It's true what you read	This hotel is amazing. I was expecting it welcoming and luxurious and that it was.Our deluxe rooms were really nice and extremely clean. We felt like all the hotel staff was always taking care of us. Every evening the room was prepared for the night and we were given chocolates and weather forecast for the day after.When I made the reservation online I had asked for one king bed room and one with two double beds. Although the latter was not available at that time, it was when we checked in. Moreover the rate we found was very good for a 5 star hotel: £180 per double room per night, including VAT and breakfast.As many other reviewers have already said, the location is extremely central and a couple of steps far from the Holborn tube station, where you can take both the central and piccadilly line.Finally, we had to deal with the concierge only once to book a taxi for the airport and he was well prepared and efficient.	
Dec 16 2006 	Big Room Great Breakfast Excellent Staff	Stayed here for one night on the 15th Dec. We had booked a room with two double beds, as we also have two kids, and we were very pleased with the size of the room. We were on the 6th floor, and it was very quiet.Breakfast was excellent, and served in the Pearl resturant, where the staff were very friendly and efficient. I think this a great hotel and a great location.	
Dec 6 2006 	Chancery Court will make you happy	First, the conceirge breakfast was magnificent with everything under the sun. It was so close to the Holburn tube which takes you everywhere and also it is on the Heathrow line so very east to take the tube to this hotel from the airport with no transfers.Staff very nice. We were shown up to our room by a manager which was a nice touch.I called down to guest services constantly and was treated very nicely.Concierge was no good though. I wanted Tea at the Ritz and he couldn't get me a res. He should be a little better connected but who knows. He sent us to Mandarin Oriental near Harrods and that is the dumpiest hotel and we immediatley shot out of there instead of taking tea there. The Concierge should not have sent us there. I saw Al Pacino there.	
Nov 28 2006 	Chosen Twice	My husband &amp; I have stayed twice - by choice. I know people have faulted the hotel for location (being in the City) but let me share some wonderful truths about the location:-the High Holburn tube station is less than 2 mins walk from the front door of the hotel (turn left, go to end of street, turn left, there you are at the station)-Taxis, though expensive, are easily (and immediately) summoned for you by staff if needed - no waiting-though on a busy road, the hotel is on a courtyard removed from the street so very quiet and removed-VERY close to major theatres, British MuseumOk, as for the hotel itself - the beds are fantastic. We did not want to get out of bed and were happy to return to such comfort at the end of busy walking days. Rooms are tastefully decorated, clean and HUGE, not just by London standards, by any standard- which is such a nice thing. Soaps, lotions, shampoo are all Penhaligon's Quercus. Yum!Staff at front desk, gift shop are all young Europeans (Russian, German, Polish) with mostly basic English skills so not the people to ask for directions, etc. Concierge is best for any of that that requires plans/details but the doormen were great too with quick answers.We didn't eat at the restaurants within, too many places we wanted to see out and about in London. As for anyone that must have coffee to start the day - there is a Starbuck's directly across the street, as well as a sandwich/drink shop on the way to the tube station (on the level of like a Pret-a-Manger shop).As I said, we've stayed here twice, it's luxurious and beautiful inside, not in a touristy area at all but by tube or taxi, everything is accessible and you can escape later back to your comfy hideaway.	
Nov 27 2006 	Great location and good hotel	This hotel is in an excellent location 10/15 minutes walk from Covent garden. The rooms are spacious for London with everything you need. Housekeeping was efficient with a relible turn down service. The club lounge was a bonus with free tea &amp; coffee and soft drinks throughout the day and canapes in the evening. Service was unobstrusive but helpful and the building itself is a good conversion of an attractive old building.I would rate this as good 4 rather than 5 star in terms of luxury but I would definitely recomend this hotel and I would stay there again on a vist to London.	
Nov 14 2006 	Not impressed	Stayed at the Renaissance Chancery Court for a romantic weekend in November 2006. Positiive remarks:- Location is good if you want easy access to the West End. - Rooms are clean and bright. - Turn down service is a nice touch- The food is lovelyNegative remarks:- Staff was entirely inconsistent- Restaurant: Sometimes we were helped in a friendly, wonderful way by the lounge restaurant staff. Other times, we were simply ignored. We once waited over 25 minutes just to place our meal order. This inconsistency would happen at the SAME seating, as the staff seem to share table service. I was appalled. Some staff seemed scared to speak English and therefore avoided guests altogether, even some of the restaurant service staff.- Check-in: Very unfriendly. We were staying at an inclusive breakfast rate, and none of this was mentioned until I asked. The times that the restaurants were open were not mentioned -- basically, no details about the hotel were given whatsoever. Additionally, I was told that our romantic break rate included a dinner -- which upon check out, the desk clerk failed to honor.- Bellmen: One of the bellmen was amazing, very friendly and welcoming. The others practically ignored you.- Security guard: When walking back from an opera on the West End, I noticed that the Sainsbury Local ... located less than a block from the hotel.. appeared to have been broken into. The side (glass) door of the store was ajar, and the glass itself was cracked in many places. Once we reached the hotel, I mentioned this possible break-in to the security guard so that the police could be called. The security guard looked at me and said, &quot;It's not my problem.&quot; I was shocked, as I would have thought that the hotel security would be more interested in a possible break-in so close to the hotel and any impact on its guests.I was quite excited about staying at this hotel, especially given the reviews on this site. But next time I will be much more wary. I will not stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 10 2006 	An excellent hotel	I stayed at the Chancery Court for 5 nights recently, and I can confirm that the previous rave reviews of the hotel on this website are well-deserved! The hotel is beautiful and superbly located, and the rooms are huge by any standards. The bathroom was also lovely, although the absence of a separate shower cubicle was rather surprising. The resturant and bar were both lovely and served good food and drinks. The only problems I encountered were that (i) the newspaper was not delivered to me on 4 of the 5 days due to an administrative blunder (ii) the door staff were not particularly friendly, and (iii) I was initially overcharged in my bill due to another administrative blunder. However, none of these events detracted from my overall stay, and I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel. I would also strongly suggest that anyone planning to stay at the hotel should check the rates on the hotel's website well in advance, as there are some very reasonable rates to be had compared to the standard rates quoted by the hotel.	
Nov 1 2006	Great Location	Only stayed 1 night but this was a wonderfully attractive hotel, in a great location right by the Underground. Didn't spend much time in the room or dealing with staff so can't say much there. Acceptabel Room and very good location	
Oct 24 2006 	Recommend this hotel	The hotel was previously the London headquarters of Pearl Insurance Company. As a result throughout the hotel there are marble pillars, floors and decorations - very art deco. The rooms have high ceilings and are large by London standards. The staff are attentive and very helpful. Make sure you get a rate that ncludes full English Breakfast - it is served in the Pearl Restaurant and is superb. Swift and early check in, all staff knowledgeable and helpful. No problems with lights - simply slip a card in the box at the door of the room. Excellent maid service - the rooms were spotless. Pleasant art deco bar. No criticisms of this hotel - except maybe the lack of a pool. Beds up to usual high standards of Marriott, very comfortable, large and plenty of pillows. Ample supply of towels and usual dressing gowns and slippers provided. If you like space in your room and a very convenient location this is the hotel for you.	
Oct 20 2006 	Very nice hotel - but not 'extraordinary'	Stayed there on points in mid Oct. I thought the hotel was very nice but not extraordinary as the ratings and some reviews here suggested. In staffing and amenities I found it similar to other high end business oriented Renaissance properties in the US.Pros:- Convenient location. Easy walk or Tube ride to just about everything we wanted to see.- Relatively small hotel with easy walk to elevators.- Very quiet. Never heard neighbors or people slamming doors, etc.- As a MR Elite we were given complimentary breakfasts certs to the hotel restaurants which was very helpful - especially since the buffet costs about $45 a person. - One of the better work out rooms I've seen.- Good buffet in the Lounge Restaurant - but if you come too late it tends to be a bit overcooked. Note: the Pearl Restaurant has a buffet for the same price, w/ the identical items, but fewer to select from.- Toblerones at the front desk.- Smoked Salmon at breakfast was very food.- Seemed to have liberal early check in policy.- Concierge Lounge in the evening - Generally very nice. Evening finger food varied - they tended to offer a small sushi selection, mini egg rolls, and other tasty items. Cons:- Don't expect a good view out your window. It's only 7 floors so there are no great views here. - Our upgrade request was not honored but since we were staying on points and they let us check in early I did not fight it.- Doormen and bell hop support seemed to be spotty. At check-in we were not offered help w/ doors or luggage until we had made it to the elevator after check in. - Concierge Lounge in the morning - Had a limited breakfast selection. They only offered basic continental breakfast which would get old pretty quick. Nitpicky complaint: the dessert cookies tasted like they were out of a box.- The light switches were the most annoying I've ever had to deal with. You have to insert your room key into a reader before you can use any of the room/bathroom lights. Sucks if you can't find your key when you’re trying to use the bathroom in the middle of the night. I never was able to figure out how to just have a desk light on w/out other room lights being on. - The plug for the hairdryer was in the room and not the bathroom.Conclusion: The Chancery Court is a very nice hotel that I would recommend to others. It’s really more of a business hotel so don’t expect anything spectacular.	
Oct 16 2006 	Renaisance London	For business purposes I have to go to London about three times a year. I have family and friends there so I try to make a weekend of it and over the past eighteen months I have stayed in the Renaisance four times. The place is perfect for business and pleasure and I cannot recomend it highly enough from the design and ambience of the reception area, bar and lounge and restaurant to the location just beside Holborn tube. Any staff I have dealt with are super efiicient and polite and very willing to help. Four times I have stayed there and everytime I walk into the courtyard I cannot help but feel impressed by this stuning building. Only just returned from a trip this wekend and used the concierge (a lady whose name i did not get) to get me three tickets for a sold out show which was sold out everywhere, she had the tickets in an hour! Further I had some problems with my luggage and the porter staff were just great.The breakfast in pearl is great if a little expensive as are the coffees and snacks in the lounge but this is to be expected. The rooms are fantastic with big high ceilings and well fitted bathrooms. The hotel is a little pricey (though there are bargains at the weekend) but really it is as a good a hotel as you will get in London and it is five star for four star prices(although technically the lack of swiiming pool will probably always keep it from being five star)	
Oct 14 2006	Good	Plush. Good location. Staff good. Within walking distance of city and covent garden etc.	
Oct 11 2006 	First class hotel	My husband and I were visiting London for an anniversary trip. This hotel is beautiful from the exterior as well as the interior. The rooms were very nice and the beds were very comfortable. The Holborn tube stop is just around the corner from the hotel, which made it exceedingly easy to get to anywhere in the city in a relatively short period of time. There are plenty of restaurants within walking distance from the hotel. While we were in London we managed to see two shows. We saw Mama Mia, which we enjoyed and we also saw A Woman in Black which is a very chilling ghost story that I highly recommend. The first night of our stay, the hotel mgmt. placed a complimentary bottle of champagne in our room which we thought was a wonderful touch. During our stay we had use of the club level. They serve a continental breakfast. Throughout the day they would have an assortment of things to snack on such as cheese and crackers, peanuts or fresh baked cookies. My favorite thing that they served in the club room every evening was creme brulee. I can't say enough about the service that we received from the staff of this hotel. Everyone was willing to bend over backwards to take care of your needs. You can't go wrong in choosing to stay in this lovely hotel.	
Oct 9 2006 	Sept.-Oct. stay at The Renaissance Chancery Court Hotel	I had a business trip in London in the city of Ware, the last week in Sept., 2006. Later that week my husband was able to fly over and we went into the heart of London, and stayed at the Renaissance Chancery Court ,due to the raving reviews on the internet. The entrance to the hotel was absolutely breathtaking. We stayed for two nights. I had originally made reservations by calling Marriott's 1-800 #, and tried to secure a N/S, King Room, high floor. Our request was noted, but it said that no N/S rms. were currenlty availalbe. I later checked on the internet and found that we could get a reasonably priced room that would include a daily breakfast. While I was in Ware, London, I made a call to the Renaissance asking them if our previous confirmation would include breakfast, and I was told no. I assured her that I'd just found that on the internet, and she assured me that breakfast was not included with the AAA rate. So, I cancelled that reservation, and made another one myself on the internet through Marriott, and received the same rate of approx. $284/night which included a full English Breakfast (buffet) each morning. Upon check-in, altough my reservation was right in front of them requesting N/S, King room, high floor, it was not honored. So, I asked the young man, did I have a King, N/S Room. He told me that we had 2 queen beds, and the beds were really large, and he thought that I would like it. It had been a pretty long trip, so I said ok, that was MY mistake. The beds were NOT that large, and I did not like it at all. So, I called the front desk, and asked to be moved to a King N/S Rm., which they did, but we had to wait unitl they called us back, and sent someone up to meet us to give us our new key. I can't figure out why he didn't just do as my reservation requested, since there were obviously King rooms available. Also, dealing with the concierge wasn't too great, and his information about restauants wasn't too helpful, as I was the guest, and expected him to give me helpful information. We did enloy our stay, and we did like the hotel, however, I can't quite rave about it as much as some others reviewers did. We would probably stay there again, due to the hotel's charm, and just to walk the beautiful marble stairway again, all 7 floors! The staff was ok, but not great. Maybe we were just spoiled after staying at Hanbury Manor in Ware, for a week, where they really seemed to bend over backwards to meet your every request or wish.	
Oct 6 2006 	Exceeded my expectations	Although I expected this hotel to be nice and comfortable, it was absolutely fantastic. Pro's:Extremely comfortable rooms (spacious by european standards) and beds; marble bathrooms with soaking tub; all the services and amenities of a five star hotel (restaurant, room service, spa, laundry/dry cleaning services, nightly turn down, etc); beautiful spa; experienced masseuse; perfect location for coffee, restaurants and tourism by day and night; top-notch service throughout hotel, from requests for different bedding, to wake up calls, to spa services to concierge assistance with tour/theater tickets, directions, etc..Con's:Staff at the front desk looked down their noses at us when we arrived in our track suits and flip flops after an all night flight. Casually dressed tourists beware. (Yes, we brought appropriate clothing for tea at the Ritz, theater, etc.. We just didn't change clothes between arriving at the airport and checking into the hotel.) Front desk agent tried to sell us an upgrade to the club floor for 45 pounds per night instead of upgrading us free of charge in recognition of marriott elite status. These are fairly minor complaints - they just created a bad first impression.Overall, this hotel was wonderfully comfortable and the staff was highly responsive to all our requests. We paid about $350 per night plus taxes, which was a special &quot;discount&quot; rate. For approx $400 per night, I had high expectations. This hotel exceeded my expectations in every sense.	
Oct 5 2006 	Very Nice!	Great location right next to the Holborn tube station. Kind of a poor location for night life since it is in more of a business district of town. The building itself is amazing and our room was very nice and spacious. The hotel staff was always extremely pleasant and helpful. Breakfast at the Pearl restaurant every morning was wonderful with great service. We had room service one night and it was wonderful!!	
Oct 4 2006 	The Chancery Court entirely lived up to our expectations.	An excellent and reasonably priced and well located hotel with its toes in the City and the West End. Very friendly and helpful staff particularly the concierge. Immaculate bathroom. Comfortable bed and lovely soft pillows. From now on we will certainly make this our base when visiting London.RHB	
Oct 2 2006 	Its all been said before 'Superb'	Just read all the other reviews, nothing else can be added. Probably the best hotel in London, if not the UK.	
Sep 29 2006 	Highly Impressed	We booked this hotel after reading such fabulous reveiws on this website and we were not disappointed. The room was large and immaculate in presentation. Staff were consitently helpful and friendly and nothing was too much trouble. I found the best room rate was booking through their own website. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to travellers, it is in a excellent location and we were able to walk to most attractions.	
Sep 27 2006 	Nicest Hotel I've ever stayed at	First time I ever used Marriott points for a hotel and I thought it would be some small hotel (even though I saw the website). It was amazing, although the downside was it defintely wasn't a touristy hotel. What I mean is that everyone was in suits so when I was going through the lobby in my shorts and t-shirt, I felt uncomfortable -although nobody made us feel that way. Nice restaurants in the hotel (never used them but saw them). We did use the spa, I had a facial, the hubby had a massage. Beautiful spa, #1 in London actually. Ordered room service a couple of times, it was very top notch and not that expensive. This hotel is not in the &quot;heart&quot; of things which is perfect b/c it's a 10 minute bus ride to Picadilly Cirucus if that's where you want to be. The bus was cheaper than the tube so we took that b/c I enjoyed being able to see things while we rode. It's $7.50 a day for two on the bus where it's $3.00 each way on the tube for one person. Let me see, $7.50 a day vs. $12.00, ya.....that's why we took the bus.Would I stay here again, absolutely. Beautiful, elegant, superior. A few feet from a bus stop and a metro - what's not to love about that. Plus there are a few restaurants around there which we went to often. Starbucks right across the street and pubs right down the road.	
Sep 25 2006 	Beautiful courtyard entry outstanding service	From the moment we arrived, we knew we were going to like this hotel. There was a Lamborghini parked out front and the couryard and hotel lobby was beautiful. We checked in at 3 am so the warm welcome from the desk clerk was nice. Plus, they had a wide assortment of complimentary Toblerone minis that made it hard to resist. Our room was standard but very spacious. The bathroom was standard, but the shower was spacious and had really great water pressure. They also turned down our bed for us, which we hadn't expected. The breakfast buffet was complimentary and was fantastic with very comfortable seating and a TV with a couch if you chose to use while eating breakfast. We paid 139 pounds/night which was pretty reasonable for London and there was an underground train station nearby which makes London very easy to get around. We thought this hotel was just lovely and would definitely stay here again when we go back to London.	
Sep 23 2006 	All the Creature Comforts	We stayed for a week at the Renaissance Chancery Court in September, 2006, using Marriott Rewards Points to pay for the stay. The location was perfect for us -- only a few hundred yards from the Holborn Tube, and convenient walking distance to Covent Garden, loads of theatres and restaurants, the British Museum and some excellent shopping.The room itself was spacious and well-appointed. Everything was exactly as advertised, especially the large bathroom and the perfect bed. Both of these became essential when the stomach flu hit early in the trip and knocked me out for the better part of four days. The concierge arranged for a doctor to visit me, and even offered to send up some chicken soup.We loved the never-empty bowls of Toblerone chocolates in the hotel lobby. The Gym was reasonably well-equipped, though the usage of the cardio machines was a struggle in the early morning rush, since there were only five machines of various types.The staff was delightful and helpful throughout our stay. Even after we checked out, when I realized I had left a small amount of currency in the room safe, the Security staff arranged to have it credited to my CC account, since the express mail couriers won't accept packazges of currency.All in all a great place to stay. It's clear why other Trip Advisor members have rated it so highly.	
Sep 20 2006	Exquisite Food and Wonderful Service	Previously my review of the Pearl Restaurant would have been &quot;Dont come here if you are hungry&quot;! However I am glad I went a second time. I would now say &quot;Dont come here if you are in a hurry&quot; as this is a restaurant that compels a long leisurely dining experience in relaxed and tasteful surroundings. Our party of four ate midweek with a 7.00 reservation and it was 10.30 before we had finished. The wines and champagne selection is second to none and your wine waiter and champagne waiter are guaranteed to know their stuff, and express this with as much affection for the wines as the producers. Between courses delicious appetisers were served but its best to visit for yourself and sample these delightful and unexpected morsels. The sauces are rich and varied. I tried the Lamb to start and Rabbit for my main, and was disappointed with neither. However the Venison was given the highest praise by our table - declared to be tastier than Scotland's finest - this coming from a Scotsman who said it was the tenderest he had ever laid tastebuds on!The atmosphere was relaxed with live music in the bar. Whilst teh bar remained largely empty throughout the evening the restaurant swelled with parties of various sizes. Evidently this restaurant and the friendly staff can accomdate the lone business men just as well as the amorous couple or the large party of Japanese visitors. The decor is superbly tasteful and the dining experience on the whole easwily a 4 out of 5.As always one can find room for improvement although I must admit it is difficult. The restrooms are located in the basement - this is a long walk if you are located at the far side of the restaurant as our party was. I narrowly avoided collision with a waitress carrying coffees as I rounded the corner of the bar as there really isnt a clear route to take. In fact the first time I failed to locate them at all and had to give up my search for fear of keeping the rest of my party waiting to eat their starters.The &quot;nibbles&quot; provided before teh starter were delicious - however they were primarily seafood based and served on a plate with shellfish. Not really that great if you are allergic to shellfish as a member of our party was. Given that they were so creatively served so as not necesarily to be identified as shellfish this could have ended unpleasantly. I would suggest given that shellfish allergies are quite common that they ask before serving this customers and offer the option of something that has not touched shellfish.After the starters, when another shellfish &quot;soup&quot; was served, the waiter did arrange for the chef to prepare a small salad to replace this. A good waiter might have spotted from earlier that a member of our party would not be able to have this and brought something else without having to be asked.On the whole a fabulous place to eat and while away an evening. Not one to be rushed, and certainly you wont leave feeling hungry!	
Sep 12 2006 	great uk hotel	stayed 5 days in london at the renaissance and it was an incredible stay. hotel was elegant , rooms were outstanding and the staff was great(polite and attentive) would not hesitate to stay there again	
Sep 9 2006 	Great Hotel in a Great Location	This is a beautiful hotel with spacious rooms and bathrooms. The rooms are decorated in the typical European décor but are updated and modern. If you do not plan to take a lot of electronic devices there is no need for an adapter or converter b/c the room has an outlet equipped with the proper plugs. The hotel is right next to the tube station (the best way to commute), so it only takes 10 -15 minutes to get to nearly every major attraction and is in walking distances to the British Museum. The staff and concierge are very helpful and try to meet your needs. Beware, if you make a telephone call there is a 40 pence ($1.70 USD) a minute charge to use the phone EVEN to call an 800 number. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 4 2006 	Great hote and location	Excellent hotel with fabulous modern rooms and bathrooms. Near many restaurants, London Museum and the tube. It takes about 15 minutes to get to all major attractions. The only problem is the expensive cost for things such as room serivce and internet usage. They charge 8 pounds for 30 minutes of internet usage which is really $16 US dollars!	
Sep 4 2006	Really a 4 star hotel not a 5 star.	Stayed at the hotel for a nine night stay. Requested a room facing the courtyard, this room type was confirmed, but the room was not available on the day we arrived, and we decided not to move to such a room the following day.Had numerous problems with the room- phone was not working and missed two walk up calls, problems with clogged drain in shower, but the hotel remedied the problems.The bathroom was exceptional, but the hotel room itself was not of a 5 star caliber, but more of a 4 star. The public areas are impressive.Housekeeping was uneven- we were a family of four, and consistenly got an insufficient number of towels in the room. Staff also did not replace dirty glasses as well on a regular basis.Price was right for the room, which included the breakfast. Prices are high everywhere in London so getting breakfast included was a bonus. Staff was helpful but at times slow to assist and misguided.When I return to London, I would probably pass on this hotel.	
Sep 1 2006 	We loved The Renaissance Chancery Court Hotel	We were here for 10 nites, and loved it immensely. We booked our stay by calling Marriott directly in the US, and got the fabulous rate of 99 pounds per nite plus tax. When we first arrived, I wasn't happy with the view -- our room faced the courtyard, and I generally like a lot of lite and a view of the city. They showed me another room whose view was not as nice, and said that if I didn't like either of these rooms, the next nite when they had more openings, they would allow us to move. But, we didn't bother switching -- we were out all day anyway.In any event, the room was wonderfully spacious, and had 2 queen size beds. They supplied us with bathrobes and slippers, which I really appreciated, because I use these things at home, but don't pack them when I am away because it takes too much room. The beds had wonderful down comforters, and pillows. The bath tub was soooo roomy, and after a day of sightseeing, I took a much needed hot bath. We received a platter of fruit every 3 days, and there was always fruit in the lobby, as well as chocolates, which my 9 year old loved.The location was wonderful -- across from a supermarket, the tubes at the corner, and close to wonderful Covent Gardens where there are tons of restaurants and street performers.We did not have too much interaction with the staff, since we were able to figure out everything on our own, but they were all very polite, and we were very pleased. I recommend this hotel.Dorrie	
Aug 29 2006	Great service great comfort	The Chancery Court may not be the swankiest hotel in London, but the staff is wonderful and it's run awfully well. The room was large, the bath comfortable and the facilities broad. The beds were very firm and the linens soft. But the people, in particular, were very nice. On the day we left, a Sunday, the restaurant was just opening for breakfast--the kitchen starting to percolate--and we were the only ones there. The manager looked after our meals personally and made sure we had everything we needed and got out to make our plane.	
Aug 29 2006	Good but not *that* good	This is a very decent five-star hotel. A good sized room; professional reception staff; nice bar. And we found a very good deal on Marriott's website.But how on earth it's ranked number two in Tripadvisor's ratings of London hotels is quite beyond me. It's very comfortable, but it's certainly not exceptional. Having read other reviews here, we were expecting a real treat, and we were disappointed.	
Aug 29 2006 	First Rate Hotel	My family of 3 adults and 1 child needed a hotel for a 4 day, post cruise visit to London. I saw an ad for a Visa Breakfast on Us promotion and contacted Marriott to book the hotel. The reservation agent was knowledgeable and very helpful. When I contacted the hotel by email, I had a bit of uneasiness with a concierge whom I felt was very unhelpful when I needed information about transfer services from the port in Southampton to London, but 2 other concierges were very pleasant and helpful. We ended up booking economical transfer through the ship.The hotel is in a great location and is impressive. The suite was spacious and beautifully decorated. The bathroom was huge and had a wonderful shower as well as a large tub. Everything was clean and comfortable. The best part of the stay was the lounge on the 3rd floor. It's restricited to persons over 16 (so my 5 yr old wasn't allowed in), and only to guests booking at a certain level (not sure what the level was but we paid 247 pounds per night for the suite), but we could get tea, coffee, cold drinks, pastries, canapes and a host of other edibles, as well as enjoy comfy chairs, magazines/ newspapers, and TV. Since breakfast was included, we ate a traditional English breakfast each morning in the Pearl restaurant, then took afternoon tea in the 3rd floor lounge (free). Dinner was in Covent Garden most nights, but we did eat in the Lounge restaurant in the hotel on the last night. With an exchange rate of $.49 to the pound, we didn't feel too badly about the nearly 120 pound dinner for 4 (no wine but 2 beers). The hotel is expensive, but worth every penny. Tip: Capital One does not charge the exchange rate fee on your bill - the other credit card companies do.The only negative is that the first housekeeper left dirty glasses in the room and didn't provide enough towels or bath products. I left a lengthy note telling her what was needed and they changed our housekeeper to a lovely and very capable lady. Overall, I highly recommend this hotel. I would happily return.	
Aug 27 2006 	What a Wonderful Experience!!	My son(14 yrs old) and I just returned from our first trip to London and we spent 6 days at the Ren. Chancery Court Hotel. We booked a room on the Club Floor(3rd floor) and had a fantastic time. We had a room with two very comfortable double beds, a beautiful bathroom and plenty of room. The housekeeping staff was terriffic as was the cleanliness of the hotel. The concierge was very helpful in getting us reservations at Nobu Berkely Street(way overpriced but good), but an even better place is Hakkasan an unbelievable chinese restaurant, very shiek, very cool and the food was the best!! If you wish a cocktail or pint of beer, than there is no better bar in town. The Bar at the hotel was wonderful. The staff there including Ivan the manager,Sanoon, and Mauro were extremely accomodating and very kind. The Pearl restaurant was closed during our stay, but I would advise going out to eat(away from the hotel). There is a great sushi bar right around the corner, just down from the Holborn tube. Speaking of that the tube station is 1/2 a block away, Covent Garden is about a ten minute walk, most else is a cab ride away. You can tell it was a wonderful place to stay, as my 14 year old son did not want to leave. I will be back to London and will definitely stay at The Renaissance Court Hotel, it was fabulous.	
Aug 19 2006	Perfect in Every Way	If you’re looking for a hotel that’s perfect in every way, this is the place. Service from the minute you enter is faultless. The fabulous breakfast with impeccable service is well supervised to make sure everyone has anything they want whenever they want it. I am particularly grateful to the concierge personnel, whose desire to help and the competency to do so, provided recommendations for terrific restaurants, gave time-saving advice to assist in touring needs, and helped some rather terrified people who were told their flights were cancelled due to a terrorist plot. The rooms are totally comfortable and immaculate. In an 11 day stay there was not one thing to complain about and everything to make for a perfect time. The hotel is conveniently located with good restaurants, theatre and shopping and many tourist activities within walking distance. Tube station and buses provide easy and inexpensive transportation anywhere. This hotel is managed as a hotel should be. Thanks to the management and the staff for making my stay in a beautiful building a beautiful experience.	
Aug 19 2006	American-style comfort relatively reasonable prices	After much research, my husband, 14-year old daughter and I chose the Renaissance Chancery Court to stay in London. It is extremely difficult to find a triple room in a London hotel, and with the US dollar so low, one that is affordable. At the Renaissance we found comfortable mattresses, air conditioning that worked during this record-high July, and gorgeous marble baths with drenching showers. This is a corporate-style hotel in a beautiful old structure with a magnificent marble stairway. Chocolates and fruit were in bowls at the front desk, where guests could help themselves during check-in or throughout their stay. Newspapers were provided in bags on the doorknob every morning. We upgraded from a queen-bed + rollaway configuration to a suite with two queen beds and an extensive seating area. The queen + rollaway was tight but would work for most parties of three who will spend little time in a hotel room. Weekend rates can be very reasonable (~$300 USD), but one week day night was around $400. We did not eat in the hotel as we generally find hotel restaurants to be disappointing and expensive. Starbucks and similar places are nearby, which is where we had breakfast. The hotel is walking distance to the theatre district and restaurants, and the Holburn tube is just a few steps away - from which we could get everywhere we wanted. The front desk and bell service were especially responsive and customer-oriented. As a 20-year hospitality executive (not associated with this hotel or its parent company Marriott), I strongly recommend Renaissance &amp; will definitely stay here again!	
Aug 18 2006	Wonerful hotel excellent location!	We just returned from our 4 night visit to London and I must say we were very happy with our stay at the Renaissance Chancery Court. We had booked our stay through Marriott's web site and ended up with a great deal which included breakfast .The staff was over the top, the room was generous in size and the location was great (short walk to Holborn Tube). My group of 15 all felt the same about this property and would easily stay again in the future.Just a couple of warnings. I had requested 2 double beds to accommodate my family (2 adults and 2 children), I found Marriott's international customer service less then helpful in easing my fears that we would end up with a king and not enough room for 2 children. I had faxed the hotel directly and they had e-mailed and left messages on my voice mail saying not to worry. Well, upon arrival we were told we had a king bed and the room could only hold one roll-away. At first they seemed to not want to help out with the situation, but very quickly changed their minds and suddenly had us in a room that could hold 2 roll-aways. The room was huge, even with the 2 roll-aways there was plenty of room to move around (easily a room that could have held to double beds and a roll-away). Also, if your rate does not include breakfast do not bother. It is very expensive and unless you eat lots just not worth it.	
Aug 6 2006 	The best hotel experience ever!	No doubt, the reviews are true! We booked this hotel because of good reviews, and I must say I was a little worried. But I had no reason to, this hotel lives up to its reputation and beyond!! The rooms are beautiful, and big enough to house a family of five. Two large double beds and a babycot with plenty of place left over, and what beds! Waking up seems to be more the problem than getting any sleep. And we didnt hear ANY sounds from the other rooms, no noise what so ever. Unbelievable!The bathrooms are sparkly clean, the sheets too. The staff are really there to please you, everything is perfectly organized.The hotel is really top noch, I cant find one flaw... its thoroughly clean, beatiful and classy!	
Jul 31 2006	Loved the Renaissance	SUCH a pleasure to stay at this Renaissance. Great location with Underground station at the corner, fabulous staff, incredibly nice concierage and actually the bar staff too. One sign of a great hotel is longitivity of staff and I met guests there who return annually and knew the staff all by first names due to their many years of service. It was great for sure.	
Jul 30 2006 	Excellent hotel and good value for class of hotel	I recently stayed with my family at this excellent, elegant hotel not far from the theatre district in London. Rooms were clean, large and very comfortable. The included full breakfast was very high quality, although the service was somewhat confused if well meaning. This is an excellent location, just about a 7 minute walk from the theatre district and near the Holborn tube if you're so inclined. Their Internet fees are typically outrageous however you can get reasonable priced Internet access by walking to the Kinkos just east of the hotel. I'd recommend this hotel to anybody who wants to be in the heart of things in London and is looking for good value in the luxury hotel class.	
Jul 30 2006 	wonderful	We stayed for 2 nights in June 2004 pre cruise package.the hotel was superb.The room was quiet and lovely bedding. after a long overnight flight we walked for a bit then snuggled into the bed for a nap.The washroom was marble with lots of amenities.We walked around the corner for breakfast at a little shop on the corner for great brakfast a lot less then the hotel.We found 2 Italian restaurants across the road theat had great meals so that was good since we were still recovering from Jet Lag and didn't want to go looking for food.We did have afternoon tea with another couple in the hotel ...very pricey for a cuppa!All in all I would go back there.	
Jul 29 2006 	Still a great hotel	This was our second stay at the Chancery Court. This is the perfect London hotel for us. The location is wonderful since we can walk to many of the places to visit and when we are tired we can hop on the tube since the Holburn station is serviced by two lines and is steps away from the hotel entrance.The hotel itself is magnificent and the service is top notch. The rooms are fairly large and have all the amenities that you would expect.One word of caution, Make sure that you have a courtyard room. On our last visit, we were &quot;upgraded&quot; to a streetside suite. While the room was great the noise was not. We asked for and received a room change to a standard courtyard room. It was as quiet as a bank vault.	
Jul 19 2006	Loved the Chancery Court!	My husband and I just returned from a trip to Paris and London. The Renaissance Chancery Court Hotel on High Holborn Street is a must stay! The staff was fantastic, the rooms were beautiful-we stayed on the club floor and they had a luxorious free continental breakfast. The concierge was hugely helpful and the whole experience was outstanding.The only minor complaint would be that our room was next to the maids storage room and they were terribly noisy in the morning and slow about getting our room fixed up and we often got back in the late afternoon to find them still cleaning it. Couldn't recommend this hotel more!!!	
Jul 18 2006	Lived up to the reviews	My family stayed in the Renaissance Chancery Court for a Saturday and Sunday night in July. We booked a deluxe double room for two adults and two children via the Marriott website, and got a rate of 126 GBP per night (with tax came to 150 GBP per night). The room was quite large, with two comfortable queen size beds. The bathroom was huge, with separate tub and shower. Our fourth floor room looked into the interior courtyard and was extremely quiet. We had asked for foam pillows and found them awaiting us in the room, which had been turned down including providing us with a &quot;soothing sleep spray&quot;, presumably to be sprayed upon the pillows (nobody liked it much, though). The gym was adequate, though crowded on Monday morning, with all machines being used. The concierge provided a map and pointed out running routes. I had a good long run to Hyde Park and around (the concierge doesn't have a clue how far that actually is, though - he drastically underestimated the distances). We booked our own transportation through a limousine service I found online (phone +44 0 208 424 0642) which charged the following rates: Heathrow - Gatwick transfer 70 GBP, Gatwick - central Condon 75 GBP, central London - Heathrow 55 GBP, all in a luxury level mini-van with courteous profesisonal drivers. The hotel location is excellent - a block from a tube stop and only a few blocks from the British Museum, where the kids enjoyed seeing the Rosetta Stone and various other amazing archaeological finds (also, there are a couple of kid-friendly pubs nearby the museum). We did not eat at the hotel because we were out touring most of the time (and the kids preferred breakfast from the McDonald's across the street, which also had surprisingly good coffee). I would return to this hotel next time I visit London - it was clean, comfortable, well located and the service was excellent.	
Jul 17 2006	Great Hotel	The hotel is better than the reviews. All the nice things said about the Renaissance is true.I thought it was a beautiful hotel. The service was excellant. the breakfast was great. It came with our room rate. They upgraded our room to the club level. Our room had a couch and chairs with 2 queen beds. The location can't be beat, down the street from the tube. We walked to alot of places. Our 12 year old son was not allowed to be in the club room but they let him make a plate and take to our room.	
Jul 5 2006	EXCELLENT	This was a GREAT hotel. The service was nice, the room was fantastic and the location was excellent. Now, I stayed on the club floor so I'm not sure how the &quot;normal&quot; rooms are in comparison. The bedding was like a cloud and the bathroom was luxuary. If you're willing to pay $300/night, then stay at this place. On my return trip to London I stayed at the K&amp;K Hotel George for $287/night and it was AWFUL!!!! The K&amp;K room was 1/3 of the size of the Chancery Court and no where near as comfortable.	
Jul 5 2006	Good location but 5 star should be getting the little things right	My wife and I stayed at the Chancery Court for a 2 night weekend break. We booked via an internet site and got breakfast included.The hotel is peaceful and away from the noise and traffic, hard to believe that you are in cental London. Great location.The room was OK (deluxe) - King Size bed, 2 sinks in the bathroom etc. Was expecting rose petals and chocolate after reading previous reviews, however these were not present, maybe they are just in club rooms.Breakfast was average - I would have expected something more imaginative/warmer somehow from a luxury hotel as it is just standard full english. No museli.We asked the Concierge (with an hours notice) to book us a taxi for Saturday night to get to the theatre. I was suprised to see an hour later that they were trying to flag one down rather than having rung up and booked - so we had to rush for the tube and run to the theatre at the other end. Maybe it's because England had just finished a world cup match, but I would have exected better service.Also, when asking the concierge about visiting buckingham palace, he looked it up on the internet and told us we didn't need to book a specific time slot. What he didn;t tell us was that you can only vist inside the palace during August and September. I would expect in a 5 star hotel to have a concierge that firstly didn't need to look such a well known attraction up on the internet and also to have the correct information.This all sounds really moany - don't get me wrong, we had a great weekend and the hotel was of a good standard to stay in a central London location. However, if I was booking 5 star in London again I would look elsewhere though as behind all the nice decor were the areas I've mentioned that a 5 star hotel should be getting right.	
Jul 3 2006	Great Hotel fantastic food	My wife and I stayed here for the weekend, Although I had requested an early check in the room was not ready but the staff were more than apoligetic.The room was very clean and well kept and had all the usual facilities one would expect in a hotel of this class.We decided to dine in the Pearl rEstaurant for dinner as I had read a number of reviews, we opted for the taster menu and were not disappointed. The service and food were of an extremely high standard. I have eaten in a number of top class restaurants and this easily compared. It would not suprise me if this restaurant gains its michelin star.The breakfast was also excellent. I would stay at this hotel again and judging by the number of Americans staying it also suits our trans Atlantic travellers	
Jul 2 2006	The perfect location for our first trip to London!	We don't think we could have found a more perfect spot for our first quick trip (3 nights) to London! Even with our government discount the room was still £167.00/night (but included a nice breakfast buffet), so be prepared to drop some serious cash! We easily walked to all the major sights and when we got too tired to walk anymore a quick cab or tube ride was all that was needed to bring us back. Our room was very large and the bathroom was beautifully finished with granite, marble and wood. A very fancy Hotel with great service!	
Jun 22 2006	Could not have been nicer	My sister and I stayed at the Chancery Court in June. The rooms by London standards are large and the hotel is new and spotlessly clean. The staff is so accommodating and you feel so at home and comfortable. We upgraded to the Club Level and it was well worth it. The breakfast was excellent, with snacks, canapes, coffee, tea and soft drinks throughout the day. Desserts and honors bar in the evening. Of course, linen napkins and silver to accompany your snacks at all times. The location is close to the Holburn Tube Stop and really easy walking to most locations.The Hotel recomended an excellent italian &quot;bistro&quot; nearby, Strada. If you plan on taking high tea, reserve 2-4 weeks in advance, as the good locations are taken early. We went to the Savoy and it was horrible. If you like Indian food in an upscale restraunt with exceptional service, I highly recommend The Cinnamon Club!If you are looking for a good play, Blood Brothers was great.Stay at the Chancery Court, you will not be dissappointed.	
Jun 8 2006	Lovely Hotel	My husband and I stayed here three nights in May after a cruise and can not say enough nice things about this hotel. It was lovely. We stayed on the club level and ate breakfast in its peaceful and elegant lounge. It was just the right amount of food with a rather British continental selection. We had a spacious totally quiet room. The bathroom room was spotless and had two sinks, a whirlpool tub and luxury towels. At night the maid turned down our bed and sprinkled it with rose petals. She also placed slippers and linen on the floor next to the bed plus the usual candy on the pillow. The bed was wonderful with extra pillows, soft linens and a comforter. The hotel is on a major subway line which makes it easy to get to all the attractions. The hotel employees were friendly and very helpful. They spent extra time helping us figure out where to go, what to see and how to get there. The hotel has the feel of a very elegant business hotel. We got a good week-end rate of 178 pounds. We would stay at this hotel again and highly recommend it.	
Jun 7 2006	Excellent Hotel Great Deal	Stayed at the Renaissance at the end of May for 3 nights. Got a fantastic rate on the Marriott website of 110 pounds/night including breakfast. Even in dollars that's a steal for London. The Hotel was very, very nice, and the staff was excellent. Our room was very nice with a very comfortable bed and a nice bathroom. Great hotel location -- very close to tube. I would stay here again without hesitation.	
Jun 4 2006	Fantastic	I stayed here on the nights of May 6th and 7th with my father. The location is great - close to everything and literally a minute from the Tube. We were upgraded to an executive room which was a very good size and the bathroom was beautiful with marble counters. Breakfast was included in our stay which was nice because the menu is a bit expensive. The decor was wonderful, especially in the restaurant area where breakfast is served and the service was great. Given the prices of other hotels in London, this hotel was very fair given all the services and the overall quality of our stay. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 4 2006	Superb Service	My wife and I enjoyed a wonderful week at the Chancery Court. An abundance of helpful staff made each day delightful. Tuesday and Thursday nights included rose-petal turndowns and new slippers were provided as part of that service. The room was spacious, clean, convenient and offered a single USA-style 110 Volt outlet for camera batteries as well as laptop usage.Exceptional breakfasts were included in our rate, and at 43 Pounds menu price, that is truly a valuable extra. The Holborn tube station is about 100 yards away.The only negative was that the view from the room was lacking, but anyone who gazes out the window while visiting London quite misses the point.	
May 29 2006	Very comfortable!	Returned from our second stay at the Renaissance Chancery Court. Very comfortable hotel; excellent location. Close to the Holburn tube stop and within walking distance of theatre district, shopping, etc. Will stay again!	
May 12 2006	nicest hotel I've ever stayed at	book your stay there RIGHT NOW. this hotel is BEYOND amazing --- it's the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in and worth every penny. I did a lot of research on London hotels before my trip and booked my stay through the Marriott website (US version) and got a great rate (for London!). the location is superb - took the Picadilly line underground from Heathrow directly to the Holborn station and was able to check in at 11am (after an overnight flight from the US). they even had a non-smoking/king bed available for me (I'd requested this online, but they could not guarantee it). using this hotel as our base of operations, my partner and I were able to explore all of London - well, at least as much as we could in 2+ days! the location is just so central to everything and with the tube stop 1 block away, you can't beat it. the staff at the hotel is so friendly and helpful, you really can not go wrong booking your stay here. I can't wait to go back!	
May 11 2006	Great Rate Great Stay for Family	As your site helped me tremendously during my planning stages of our recent trip to England, I wanted to add my thoughts on the hotels we decided upon. We stayed at the Renaissance Chancery Court London for 5 nights in April, overall our stay was great, we chose this hotel as we brought our 10 year old son with us, and to find a nice hotel room in London that would accomodate 2 adults and one child was quite difficult, after finding a great rate on Marriott's website that provided 2 Queen size beds in one room, we decided to book here. WHAT A BEAUTIFUL HOTEL, the staff could not do enough for you, and you felt like you were in the nicest, classiest hotel in London (It has to be in the top 10) On one night upon returning to our room, I was surprised to find a bottle of champagne and 2 glasses in our room, I immediately called down to the front desk to inquire about this (we hadnt requested this), they called me back immediately and explained that it was placed in the wrong room, but it would certainly be inappropriate for them to come and take it back, and told us to enjoy it, and apoligized for the inconvenience. I was in Shock, that just pure class, all around, they really know how to take care of their guests.Great stay, and we will defintetly return, for our next visit to the Awesome City of London.	
May 10 2006	Top Class mind the extra costs	My wife and I stayed for 1 night 6th May. An excellent hotel best we have every stayed in. Really is 15 mins - 20 mins max walk to Covenet Garden / west end &amp; about 15 mins to top of Oxford street.We chose the club room for a few pounds more and enjoyed the quitness and pampering of the private club lounge. Every corner of this hotel is spotlessly clean. Be sure to view the marble staircase behind the porters desk. Stand at the bottom level and look up, it is workmanship the likes of which is very rare in hotels today.Point of note - drinks &amp; food are expensive in this hotel - 50ml vodka with dash of coke is 9 pounds sterling. But in general I have found that prices in London have gone insane since my last visit two years ago.	
May 9 2006	pure heven	stayed for 2 niites of pure luxury this is the best hotel we have ever been in. very clean friendy staff u even get chocolate on your pillow at nite well worth the money	
May 2 2006	Nice but expensive.	The rooms are nice with high ceilings and are a decent size, however a sauna will cost you £25 if you don't have a treatment. No swimmng pool.	
May 2 2006	Excellent hotel	Just back from a long weekend from Chancery Court. To keep it simple this hotel is absolutely magnificent.We booked back in October for a three night stay and managed to get a room rate of £110 which included for breakfast. Breakfast was outstanding with superb attentive service throughout our stay. The staff during our entire stay were excellent. The hotel is very impressive and the spa was probably the best one i`ve ever been too.I would definitely stay again and hope that all the good reviews doesn`t increase the room rates too much!	
Apr 27 2006	great place to stay in central London	My family and I spent five days this Easten vacation in this elegant hotel , staff was helpfull and friendly, we were able to check in early in the morning for our stay and oa couple hours late on our departure do to our flight departures conseges made all our tours and tickets and even got us a limo to ride to the airport and charged all the expenses to our hotel account and this was we saved time and long lines arriving with the tickets to all the London attractions and also helped to reduce the trips to the bank teller to get cash mostly on the last day even the aiport transportation was taken care breakfast was very nice and elegant , the food was the same every day and the Pearl restaurant was just to slow for our busy turist schedulle but the Lounge restaurant was much relaxed and fast rooms were very modern nice and large for european standards but i expected them to be less bussiness type and more adoc to the beautiful building and great lobby and restaurant/bar areas .bathrooms were nice ,clean and well appointed we got maid service twice a day and coffe /tea facilities included the most delicius biscuits i really miss down in Mexico .when departing the hotel , we were waiting for our car and taking pictues and sevral employes came out to say good bye they all remembered our last name .we are already recomending this wonderfull hotel to our family and friends	
Apr 23 2006	Beautiful room great deal for London	We loved our stay at the Chancery Court. Yes, London is expensive, but this hotel can be booked at a fair price, especially if you book on-line through Marriot.Our room was absolutely huge, enough room for us and our two teenagers using cots. King bed was SOOO comfortable.Bathroom was marble and gorgeous, especially the tub and shower. It's a lovely building, location was great and convenient to the tube stop. Hotel restaurants and bar were lovely but expensive. We ate mostly away from the hotel. Check-in went smoothly,concierges very helpful.This was a truly wonderful place to stay in London for a very fair price.We'd definitely return and recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Apr 21 2006	Great Welcoming Hotel with Large Rooms!	This hotel is a beautiful restored building, and close enough to walk to Covent Garden and the theatre district. I had requested that our room be ready for early check-in as we were arriving from the US. They were waiting on us, and gave us a nice intro. tour of the hotel. As it is newer inside, the hotel was very clean, and the room we stayed in was in great shape. For a family of 3, the larger room with double beds, and larger bathroom was just what we needed. Housekeeping did a nice job as well. There was easy taxi service from this hotel, and pleasant door men. I found a good deal, especially for a London hotel, on the Marriott website.	
Apr 21 2006	Believe it or not a family-friendly hotel!	Our family of four stayed comfortably in a two-double bedded room on the fourth floor, which provided adequate space for our two young children. The beds were comfortable and provided a pretty good nights rest. The bathroom was well equipment and provided a great bathtub with powerful shower. The hotel rooms amenities, like free in-room tea/coffee/cocoa (although instant) and cookies, were a nice touch, especially for the kids. The special Easter room rate package we were book under provided free breakfast, including our two kids! Breakfast is provided in the lounge area near the business center (nice English buffet breakfast) or in the Pearl restaurant (buffet only included continental breakfast items, but one could ask for made-to-order egg entrees). (Hint: Buffet breakfast in the Lounge is better equiped to handle children. Order the hot cocoa!!! My kids loved it!) Overall, our stay provided a nice environment to rest after a day-long tour of beautiful, but expensive, London! But the Renaissance Chancery Court hotel made our stay so very pleasant and comfortable, even with two kids in-tow! The special room rate packages are outstanding values. We'll stay here again, if special holiday rates are offered in the future.	
Apr 18 2006 	Courting Excellence	This is probably the BEST VALUE in London, and I HATE letting anyone know about it.Rates: London is a notoriously expensive city to visit. Using the internet we were able to get a room with breakfast included for 136 pounds (about $200) per night, not including tax.Check-in: Efficient friendly and fast.Room: Huge by London standards. Nicely appointed. Excellent bed. Lovely bathroom with excellent supplies and towels. CLEAN AND QUIET.Hotel gym: Very nice especially by European standards.Check-out: Accurate and efficient.The location of this hotel cannot be beat: one block from the Holburn subway stop. A few blocks to the British Museum. Very close to Covent Garden WITHOUT the noise and crowds of the hotels in Covent Garden. There really is no reason to stay anywhere else in London.	
Apr 17 2006	Great hotel for family with kids in central London	We stayed recently at this relaxing and elegant hotel in central London with our two boys, aged 6 and 9.• Location: Central London, 10 minute walk from British Museum, 15 minute walk from Big Ben, address is 252 High Holborn, London, WC1V 7EN, Phone: ----• Service: excellent service• Internet: available but expensive• Food: breakfast was excellent, dinner was very good• Best feature: large bedroom/living room with large bathroom and entryway• Best food nearby: all of central London is at your doorstep!• Price: ~176 pounds per night, which included breakfast• Overall family rating: 10 out of 10. Having plenty of space for kids in the middle of congested London made for a great trip.	
Apr 11 2006	Wonderful hotel	Stayed for three nights at the start of April for my Wife's birthday. Have to say that this hotel is Superb!! Rooms are well appointed with large bathrooms and quality furnishings. Nothing is too much trouble for the staff and all are very friendly. The bar is very nice and well run. The Pearl restaurant is stunning. Food and drinks were delightful and well worth visiting. Breakfast was plentiful with great choice of very fresh foods. Porters and Concierge very helpful and knowledgeable. Will stay here from now on when in London. Excellent base for easy access to Covent Garden and Theatreland.We will ensure that on next visit we use the Spa which is said to be amongst the best in London. To sum up - Fantastic !!!!!!!	
Apr 9 2006	Best Choice in London	On past visits to london we were always disappointed by the hotels paying very much for getting a very small, shabby room. So after some research on the net we booked the Renaissance. It was the best hotel experience in London ever! First of all, the location. Away from the biggest crowds it still is centrally located and when you arrive at the city airport (which is the most recommendabale airport in London) it is only a short trip with the DLR-Tram and the tube or bus. Right across the street there is a good, economic place for pizza and a (less economic...) fantastic japanese restaurant (sushi-bar and teppaniaky dwonstairs). With the adjacent tube station within 1 minute walking and numerous bus stops round the corner it makes the hotel the perfect starting point for a London visit. The building is very impressive, so is the entrance hall. The rooms are ample and tastefully decorated. Also, they are very well equipped (nice selection of coffe and tea), maintained and cleaned, realy impeccably clean. Breakfast: room is high-class, very tastefull with a good choice of high quality food. The manager/chief waiter of the restaurant was welcoming us in a very graceful und classy way every morning, same procedure when leaving the restaurant, which gives the stay a personal touch. But also all the other staff made us feel like appreciated guests and they helped us in every way they could by making reservations, giving all sorts of advice. We felt like guests and not only like cusomers. Next time we go to London, of course, we will return to the Chancery Court as we find there is no better choice.	
Apr 6 2006	Definitely Marriott Standard	This hotel is in a wonderful location, close to the tube, easy to reach from anywhere in London. Also, several sites, and great restaurants are just a short walk away. You can't beat the location.The hotel itself is inspiriring as you drive up to it, makes you wonder what's awaiting you inside. However, the rooms, I was a tad disappointed with. Although nice, clean, spacious, it was just a typical room. Lacked a bit of a charm and personality. But, then again, it is more of a business hotel. The staff was incredibly helpful with letting us check-in early, getting us what we needed, and helping with our stay. We were using Marriott points for this stay and did have access to the club lounge, which was lovely for a cup of tea after a day on the town. I recommend it to anyone for a purchasable upgrade. All in all, good hotel, might stay there again when I return.	
Apr 4 2006	Wonderful-loved the Renaissance Chancery Court	I picked this location after reading the reviews at tripadvisor.com. but was concerned when I was originally assigned rooms on the 5th floor as these had been described by other reviewers as undesirable. Gaia who was on duty at the front desk when I checked in could not have been more charming when I requested other accommodations. She showed me the rooms on the 5th floor as well as rooms on 2 other floors and let me take my pick. All the rooms were spacious, well-appointed and spotlessly clean. While I did pick a room on a lower floor, it was identical to the 5th floor room and was chosen because I prefer stairs to the elevator!Gaia and all the staff were exceptionally warm and courteous. Our rooms were serviced twice a day, the toiletries were of excellent quality, I loved the chocolate ginger biscuits provided with the in-room tea service - and they even have bowls of Toblerone chocolate in the lobby!The only down-side would be the price of the food. While the quality and variety of the breakfast buffet is excellent, the price is steep if not included in your room rate. Food prices not-with-standing, I'd stay here again for the charm, value and location.	
Mar 28 2006	Great Hotel	Stayed here for three nights in two rooms with my family and everyone loved the hotel. We had two rooms on the fourth floor; one faced the courtyard and one faced a back street - both were very quiet at night. (Don't know how the rooms facing the street are.) The rooms are spacious - the size of rooms in a good hotel in the US - and everything appears new and clean. Staff worked hard to please. Good internet availability, newspapers delivered each morning etc. We had breakfasts and one dinner there and food at each meal was good. The hotel was convenient for getting to the major sights.We would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 26 2006	Pure Luxury	I stayed at this hotel with my mum for one night as we went up to see a show. I booked this hotel after reading hundreds of reviews on this site.It is absolutely stunning, the staff could not do enough for you. We left our bags with the concierge as we arrived too early to check in. When we came back after a hard days shopping we were personally shown to our room, and our bags were brought up for us - (they even offered to unpack them??!!). As it was a treat I had booked a room on the club floor, which has its own private lounge with complimentary hot and soft drinks and snacks.The room itself was the best I have ever stayed in, it was spotlessly clean, very spacious for london and had everything you could think of, even big bathrobes, slippers and an iron and board. Every toiletry was provided, the bathroom was fab, a nice bath for a soak after a long day and the best shower to wake you in the morning (there was even a speaker from the tv in the bathroom). On our way out the doorman quickly got us a taxi, and when we returned the maid had been in and got our beds ready, replaced the towels and toiletries, filled our icebucket and left us chocolates and the next day's weather forecast.We went into the club lounge in the morning for our complimentary continental breakfast and there was loads of choice and again you could help youself to the fridge of soft drinks (no cheap stuff here!).I cannot comment on the bar or restaurant because we didn't venture into either, but we will be going again next year and will definitely try them then.No this hotel isn't cheap, but it was worth every penny, so if you are looking for somewhere to stay as a weekend treat then make sure you stay here!	
Mar 24 2006	Great Hotel with Great Location	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Renaissance Chancerry Court for 4 nights completing our European Trip. Altough it was extremely cold in London during our stay, we loved it. Upon arrival, we immediately felt welcomed and pleasantly surprised with the care and service we received from the staff. They were extremely accomodating from the moment we arrived. The hotel has a mix of modern and classic elegance. The rooms were very comfortable, well equipped and most importantly, clean. I do have to agree that you will find a lot of business travelers staying here but it did not affect us in any way. I also did not see many families at this hotel. The hotel also has a very beautiful Spa. Breakfast is served at two of their restaurants. The lounge serves buffet style and Pearl will serve A La Carte. It is your choice which I thought was wonderful. The concierge is absolutely magnificent. She will go out of her way to assist you and advice you. We also noticed that the hotel had plenty of security thru out so safety was not an issue. The hotel was walking distance from the British Museum, Soho and Convent Gardens. There are also plenty of shops, cafes, restaurants and food markets near by. If you are visiting London's other sites, the Underground is right on the corner of the hotel. That was excellent. It made it so easy to travel everywhere we wanted to go. Overall, I recommend this hotel to anyone who wants an above average, elegant and clean hotel in London.	
Mar 21 2006	Good but not exciting hotel	My wife &amp; I stayed here for our final night of our Paris/London trip. This was by far the most expensive room and it certianly had all the ammenities you'd expect from the Marriot chain (which it is part of). The room was sizable (for Europe), the bathroom well equiped &amp; stocked with goodies. I do have to say that it did lack a certain charm; everything was proficient but lacked warmth &amp; personality. The same can be said of the (sizable) staff; they were very professional &amp; efficient, but lacked any friendliness or warmth. In short, the place is run like a high-end business hotel, so if that's what your looking for, this hotel will appeal to you. The location is good for the British Museum, Covent Garden, and the City, although many of the other sights (Trafalgar, Buckingham Palace, Hyde Park, Picadilly, Chelsea) are a bit further away. Nightlife is also non-existent; you need to get to West End &amp; Soho, which are not too far away &amp; overflowing with nighttime action!	
Mar 15 2006	Fabulous hotel	Great hotel - good size rooms, internet access (for a fee), luxury linens, excellent service personnel and a good location. Rooms are very quiet and well appointed.It is 1/2 block from a tube station, within walking distance of the theater district and Covent Gardens. Can't say enough good things about the hotel. Look for special rates on weekends to make it more affordable.	
Mar 14 2006	Best hotel in London bar none!	We styed at this amazing hotel for a week end break! We were treated like kings from arrival to departure!The hotel buliding is fabulous, the staff exceeded our expectations and we will be back!!!!	
Mar 13 2006	Great Value - good location	An excellent hotel for visiting tourist London, suprisingly so, given Holborn doesn't exactly spring to mind when one thinks of viewing the capital, but rest assured it's a good spot, close enough to all the action.You also can't beat the fact that hotel is a minutes walk from Holborn underground station - which is on the Piccadilly line - in other words it's a direct link to Heathrow (AND when you're carrying heavy bags, that's bliss!)We went as family of 3, so obtained a deluxe room with 2 double beds. The room was clean and spacious, not what I'd call opulent or trendy, but traditional and of a good standard with burgandy and gold colours. The beds were very comfy.Well equipped with safe, tea/coffee making, mini-bar, hair dryer, iron and ironing board. There's even an umbrella hanging up in the wardrobe incase you need one!.The TV has a playstation available (though @£6.50 a game I wasn't too keen on letting my young lady play!). If you don't have a computer with you, suggest you go down to the business section where you can swipe your CC and get a 10 mins for £5. The TV internet charge was steep at £16.50 a day, and I just needed to check something real quick.There were no views to be had from our room, but I can't think what view you could hope to obtain, other than of the road. Not of any consequence though to be honest - the only time your in the hotel is late at night or early in the morning. By the way, if you really want a view, then you can't beat the Marriott County Hall at Westminster Bridge next to the London Eye..the river view is spectacular, however, I found this hotel to be a bit of a chore to get to and from as the nearest tube is a walk over Westminster bridge (fine on a nice summer day, but can be unpleasant after a long tourist trek day or in the rain), so I prefer this hotel to be honest. The staff at Renaissance Chancery Court were exceptionally nice and extremely helpful. The cleaning staff were polite, and the turn down service left a few chocs on the pillow at night.Best value is a weekend stay with the breakfast included. The choice of breakfast is truly excellent (and truly expensive if not included in the price of your stay) The weekend rates are much lower than other times and include breakfast. We had our breakfast one day in the restaurant, one day in our room. Both great.Museums are close by - By foot it's 10 minutes to Covent Garden, ditto British Museum, 3 mins to the little John Soames museum behind hotel. Also the museum at the Royal College of Surgeons is close by. See www.museum-mile.org for a list of museums in the area. I didn't get a chance to try the spa, so I can't comment on that.I'd definitely stay again.	
Mar 5 2006 	Very good by UK standards just avoid the rooms in the roof.	A good hotel by international standards, a very good one by London standards. Stayed for four nights on business in early February. Taxi drove into the courtyard at around 9am on a Sunday morning – no member of staff came out into the cold to help me with my luggage, even though several staff were on duty at the Concierge desk. But very considerate European staff at Reception, who managed to find a room available for me despite it being so many hours before official check-in time. Was shown to a room on the 5th (or 6th?) floor which was spacious enough but slightly in the roof space so a bit claustrophobic for a four night stay, and impossible to see out the window. Instead the Receptionist said she would find a bigger room on the 2nd floor but I would have to wait an hour or so. I agreed and was allowed to remain in the first room, which was a nice gesture. I recommend you try and get the lower floor rooms if you can – the one I was given had a massively high ceiling, very spacious and good-size bathroom with separate walk-in shower. Although the hotel is apparently now five years old, all the fixtures seem to be in very good condition. My room was clean except for a few stains on the bathroom floor and evidence of liquid having run down the marble walls. The main restaurant facing Holborn was closed for reconstruction and meals seemed to be being served in half of a lounge area. The bar was also laid up for breakfast in the mornings. But as other reviewers have noted, there is no need to spend £26 including service for a boring hotel breakfast, when there is Pret A Manger just outside which does excellent coffee, fruit salad, pastries, sandwiches, etc, for one-fifth the cost. There is also a Sainsbury’s “Local” just across the road, and a few hundred yards along to the right, pubs nearby. It would be hard to justify paying the sky-high prices for any of the food and beverage in the hotel. Overall, I enjoyed my stay, it’s a fascinating old building that has been nicely restored, and the staff were mostly helpful. I don’t think I heard a single English (British) accent among any of the staff during my stay so, to that extent, it truly is an “international” hotel. Slightly disappointed that my Marriott Rewards points were not credited for over three weeks and only then because I wrote in to find out why not, when I had presented by card on check-in and check-out. If you offer a card for these points or airmiles you may want to check that the hotel has not held yours back as well.	
Mar 2 2006	Absolutely Fantastic	My Fiancé and I stayed here on Saturday 25th February to celebrate his birthday. From the moment we arrived we were made to feel special. We were put in a club suite room that was really lovely. Very spacious with a huge bed and everything you could need from dressing gowns, nice toiletries, coffee making facilities to an umbrella! The room was spotless and was cleaned twice a day (once at night ready to turn down the bed). We had breakfast in our room in the morning and it was delivered on time and was really good. The best thing about this hotel is the staff; they really couldn’t do enough for you. We will DEFINATELY be staying here again.	
Feb 22 2006	Enchanting Hotel	We just got back from the Renaissance Chancery London and had a fabulous stay. I got a great rate through marriot rewards including breakfast for only 100GBP per night or $179 US per night. That's quite a bargain considering you can't find a good 4 1/2 star hotel in London for less than $300 a night. The hotel is 5 years old so is in great shape-very clean and spaciious. The hotel looked exactly like the pictures on their website and was as great as all the travel advisor reviews. It was in a great location for tourists and business travellers because you could walk to most sites or take the underground tube which which had the holborn stop(central and picadilly line) right around the corner. The rooms were very spacious, big marble bathrooms and comfy beds. The staff was very attentive, helpful and nice. My only negative is the the full english buffet breakfast which I'm not sure wasn't good compared to american breakfasts or just not good in general. Breakfast was included so we ate it but it's not worth 17GBP per person. Everything is next to the hotel i.e. starbucks, mcdonalds, salisbury (grocery store), great restaurants, bars, pubs etc.. I'm a person who generally stays in 5 star hotels and though this isn't quite a 5 star but more like a 4 1/2 star I consider it comparable. I look forward to staying here again every time I'm in London.	
Feb 22 2006	Excellent weekend stay	Here for a Saturday and Sunday weekend break. Deluxe room very comfortable: all one needs is supplied and it's serviced twice a day. Windows locked but can be opened on request. Service overall is excellent. Hotel is huge, very well-maintained and quiet, despite being quite full on our visit. Breakfast, however, no better than the standard hotel offering - fine if included in your rate, as ours was, but not worth paying extra for.	
Feb 16 2006	Get a room only deal breakfast is very disappointing	We stayed in the Chancery Court in Jan 2006. Based on previous reviews on tripadvisor we expected a fantastic experience. Unfortunately, we were disappointed on that score. Yes, the building is just wonderful, the entrance and lobby are dramatic but there it ended for us.Our room was on the 5th floor, it was an attic type room, even though it had everything you could possibly need for a 2 night weekend break, the WOW luxury factor was missing. There were nice smellies in the bathroom but the towels were worn looking and rather sad. The shower was over the bath complete with a material shower curtain. You know the kind, one of those who tries to cling to you as you are showering...yuck!I wouldn't dream of having a bath instead of a shower, I wouldn't have been comfortable lying in there, it also looked tired and grotty. There are some hotels (Four Seasons) where the bath is so inviting, this wasn't.The breakfast menu from room service was wonderful so I almost ran to breakfast the following morning. That was such a disappointment. I didn't mind too much that it was in a open corridor but the food was so ordinary and so basic for such a hotel. The room service menu offered bagels so I asked for one. I was flatly denied. Coffee was ordinary, there was no flare about breakfast whatsoever.The last morning I was determined to enjoy my breakfast to the point I was willing to pay extra. This time I asked for pancakes. They looked delicious but were raw in the middle. The waitress apologised and offered us complimentary afternoon tea. This didn't suit us as we were going home that day and even if we were still staying in the hotel I don't think we would have come back to the hotel especially for free afternoon tea!I would strongly suggest booking this hotel on a room only basis. There are loads of coffee houses nearby for a quick breakfast and there is no problem getting decent cheap lunch/dinner in the Holborn area.It is 2 minute walk to Holborn tube station and about 10-15 minute walk to the middle of Oxford Street. There are wonderful restaurants nearby, especially Indian ones. We felt that it is a very safe part of the city. Holborn tube station is just 4 stops from Liverpool Station (Stansted Express for Ryanair in Stansted Airport).We enjoyed a wonderful walk on Sunday morning. The hotel is at the edge of a busy office district so was deserted on a Sunday morning. We walked over to St Pauls and could really enjoy the wonderful buildings on route. Then we walked across the Thames on the Millennium Bridge and into the Tate Gallery. On our way back to the hotel we went via Aldwych. Some of the buildings were just magnificent and would be best viewed on a weekend day without the thousands of office workers. We managed to meander back to the hotel via sidestreets, something we never did when driving through London previously.Would I go back to the Chancery Court...no I would not. I booked through their internet site and thougth at the time that I was getting an excellent deal on a luxury room but it didn't turn out as well as I expected. If you do go there, please don't get breakfast included. It just isn't worth the cost and try not to stay in the 5th floor.	
Jan 30 2006	Fantastic!!!!	We stayed at the Renaissance Chancery Court on the weekend of 27th January 2006 with our 5 year old son.From arrival we were treated impecably. The staff were very friendly and pleasant and always keen to help with directions etc.We had a huge twin room facing into the courtyard and were even offered the option of an extra bed if we wished .Breakfast was fantastic, waitresses really friendly and lovely to our son which counts for a lot. However would be a bit pricey if not included in your reservationThe location is great, within easy walking distance of theatres and Covent Garden (with or without children!!) and the tube is only round the corner and on the Picadilly line so enroute for Harrods, Buckingham Palace and the likes.All in all this hotel is super and I will definitely be visiting it again.	
Jan 27 2006	Our Home Away From Home	This has now become our London home. We travel with a group of friends and, after trying many London hotels, the Chancery Court has now won all of our hearts.We stayed here for the second time right after Christmas. It's a gorgeous hotel, very grand. The entrance alone, as you come into the courtyard, is something to behold.The rooms are ample (particularly by London standards), with terrific bathrooms, and are beautifully furnished and understatedly sumptuous. The hotel is impeccably clean. It means so much to us to be able to settle into a place quickly. The staff was quite welcoming and was friendly and efficient throughout our stay. Any requests we made were handled promptly.We also appreciate the fact that it's a quick walk to the West End and Soho, but that at night the area surrounding the hotel is quiet.Also, booking well in advance, we have both times managed to get a fantastic rate.We have begun recommending this hotel to anyone we know who is traveling to London.	
Jan 23 2006 	Classy but not enough	We stayed for 3 nights in this hotel. It is 100 years old and very elegant as a building. Our room was situated at the 3rd floor looking at the street that's why it was very noisy because of the traffic outside. The hotel staff was friendly other than the reception and room service. We had to wait for an hour for someone to come to the room and fix our internet connection. After 5 calls finally somebody turned up. Also breakfast was not very satisfying. They were serving the breakfast in a small corner downstairs with not more than 10 tables. Maybe because it was out of the season and the hotel was empty I dont know. Also 23 pounds pp for breakfast is really very much for what it is but dont worry Starbucks and Pret a Manger are 2 minutes away where you can find a decent breakfast with decent prices. The area of the hotel is very busy during the day time due to the offices around but night time it gets quiter. The theathers and Oxford Street are on half an hour walking distance. Overall it was comfortable but not great for what you paid for.	
Jan 21 2006	Excellent for weekend visits to London	Stayed for three day weekend in January 2006. It's great for weekends in London since it's in a business district and they usually offer good rates on weekend stays.I suggest a room on the Club Floor - the upcharge from a regular floor is worth it in my opinion as it convenient to drop into the 'club room' for something quick to eat and drink regardless of the time of day. The location is superb for shopping, shows, musuems, bars. Holburn tube stop is 1/2 block away and gives you quick access to most tourist places in London.The personal service provided by the staff is without fail some of the best I've experienced in any hotel in any European capital city.This is our second visit to Chancery Court, and my wife and I enjoyed both visits to the hotel.	
Jan 20 2006	Chauncery Court is a GRAND hotel...	WOW...we were more than pleasantly surprised that the beautiful (massive!) building we were standing in front of was in fact our hotel. The building itself is impressive and has been well-maintained. It definitely feels like a business hotel.The location is great...the Holborn tube stop is literally around the corner. There is a Starbucks across the street (and my husband is now convinced that the coffee is better in London!). It is walking distance to Covent Garden and a pleasant 20min walk down Oxford Street to the main shopping strip.The staff were extremely courteous and prompt to answer questions or responds to requests. I had requested an early check-in when I made the reservations and the room was ready when we arrived. We also asked for a later check-out time when we arrived and that was no problem.Granted, the bill was expensive but hey! It's London. What's not expensive?We opted for the room rate with the breakfast buffet for an additional one pound per night. It was TOTALLY worth it. They were charging 21.50pounds per person!!! The breakfast spread was nice (but did get a little old after a couple of days of the same menu) and the service impeccable.	
Jan 20 2006	Very average overpriced London Hotel-	I booked into this Hotel, based on the Tripadvisor reviews.I now regret my decision, specially not booking again at the far superior Sofitel.At UKL 220, room only, I booked a de-luxe room.What I got, was a very small room at the back of the House,overlooking some odd buildings across a small courtyard. The bathroom was marble and clean,but also tiny.The Hotel has no restaurant, and I had breakfast the first day in a corridor,(called Lounge).The buffet was basic and contained some rotten fruit with a foul smell, which gave a disgusting feeling, also enhanced by some very indifferent, poor-english speaking underpaid east European waitresses.On a four day stay, they regularly put charges on the bill, for non-existant services, which later removed after protesting.This is a bad Hotel to the core, stay well away.Thanks	
Jan 13 2006	Excellent Hotel for night in London	Stayed here for one night one New Year's day, excellent hotel, very smart, spacious, quiet, top class but not stuffy or uncomfortable. Rooms excellent, all staff very polite and eager to please. Hotel is a beautiful building, very handy for theatre district, Covent Garden and many famous London sights. Did not use restaurants but they looked lovely, had some pleasant drinks in lounge. Overall a wonderful stay, spoilt only by two things that were not the hotel's fault, some quite loud guests who were rude to the concierge, totally unnecessary and a Krispy Kreme doughnut shop just next door, my idea of heaven, unfortunatly it was closed due to Bank Holiday, can't win them all!	
Dec 29 2005	Good Value with Class!	Chosen based on these tripadvisor reviews and not disappointed - Two double beds room and attached marble bath were large, clean and with many amenities (great maid/turn-down-with-chocolates services daily). Highly recommended for families (we have a 7 year old) with pay-per-view movies and games on TV, and McDonalds, pubs, eateries, pharmacy and underground entrance just down the short block. High speed internet available in room at L15/daily rate. Quoted room rate was L135 but received L108 with Marriott Rewards membership number. 24 hour room service (decent) available and has mini-bar/refrig in room if you want to bring drinks/water to room to avoid misc hotel-priced items. Overall, fabulous location and good value for what you receive.	
Dec 27 2005 	Great Ending!	I stayed at the Renaissance Chancery Court two nights and found it to be an excellent end to my week long trip to England. After staying in a couple of other less desirable establishments during the week, it was a relief to be treated as an honored guest. The room was immaculate, service was polished and prompt, food was delicious and the entire experience was quite impressive. The tube stations are close, and a number of great dining options are in the neighborhood. I was very impressed and would certainly stay here again!	
Dec 21 2005	GREAT Hotel!	It's hard to imagine a better hotel than the Renaissance Chancery Court in London. The room was quiet, clean, well appointed, and extremely comfortable. The location was perfect. The Holborn tube station is just around the corner. The theatre district is within walking distance, as are a plethora of wonderful restaurants. (The Pret-A-Manger next door is a great place for a light breakfast and coffee). Because the hotel is just at the edge of the financial district, the area is quiet at night and on the weekends. The room we stayed in came with a King size bed, which I think is important. One of the nicer touches was that the curtains in the room were heavy enough to block out any sunlight. This was much appreciated when we wanted to take a nap in the afternoon the day we arrived. The staff was excellent. My wife left her cell phone and some medicine in the room. The staff mailed everything to us back in the States as soon as it was reported to them. The only drawback to the hotel is the price. It is not cheap, but we were able to stay for 99 pounds per night, plus taxes. Pricey, yes, but reasonable by London standards, especially considering the high quality of the hotel.	
Dec 15 2005 	Great Hotel	I arrived at reception weary after a business engagement late at night and instantly got upgraded. My room was huge - easily largest i've stayed in, in London - It looked directly out onto Holborn, but the glazing was so good i didnt hear a single bit of traffic all night. Beds were comfortable, room was immaculate. Room service was excellent, and arrived quickly by a friendly waiter. I have stayed twice before, and there are always a couple of suprises/offices that the hotel runs which change depending on the time of year. It was Strawberries and chocolate the last time i stayed, this time it was a whisky at the bar. Overall a lovely hotel, you're made to feel very welcome not too pricey and a real asset to the marriott/renaissance brand in london. By the way the location is fantastic - it may not look close to much but everything you'd want to visit is a small walk away - Covent Garden/Theatres/restaurants etc and if you need to go a little further out its right next to an underground station too	
Dec 14 2005 	Luxury and classic hotel in London	We stayed at Chancery Court for 2 nights in this Dec. Because we had a small baby, the concerage upgrade us to a Deluxre twin room(with two queen-size beds). The room was very large, clean, and luxury. We were very satisfied. I noticed a board in the door and found the rooms were not in uniform size and shape (because it was a old building). To English breakfast in pearl resturant was a pleasure, with beautiful eating environment and very beautiful, delicious food. We especially enjoy the plate of scramble egg with salmon. The other day we ate breakfast at the lounge was also good. A little pity that so high class hotel didn't have a swimming pool or SPA facility free to guests. But they do had gym and other facilities. With so high expenses I would rather choose Pennisula Hong Kong or Oriental Bangkok to spend my vacation. But it is London(the price is so high than most of the cities in the world).	
Dec 12 2005 	confusion	The hotel got confused with my bill and charged me £250 more than they should of but the gave me it back with their apoligies and a weeks free accomadation	
Nov 29 2005	Exactly what I had hoped for based on TripAdvisor"-	I depend on TripAdvisor to point me in the right direction for hotels in a city that I don't frequently visit. The Renaissance Chancery Court lived up to all its great reviews. It was spacious, quiet, well located, helpful, with good nearby restaurants, and sites. The only thing quirky was its wakeup call system that seemed ahead of schedule each day. I really liked this place and we are pretty picky travelers.	
Nov 29 2005	Beautiful Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Renaissance Chancery Court for two nights on November 25-27. The hotel is amazing! The location is ideal and most sights are within walking distance of the hotel. If you want to use the Underground, the Holborn station is a two minute walk from the hotel. The rooms are quite large and are impeccably clean. The marble bathrooms are huge and the showers are fantastic! We ate breakfast in the Pearl Restaurant and the food was delicous. The entire staff at the hotel makes you feel welcomed and the doorman even addressed me by my last name. When we return to London again, we will definetly stay at this hotel.	
Nov 24 2005 	A Great Hotel	I stayed for 4 nights at the Renaissance Chancery Court Hotel based on the reviews I read here. I loved the hotel, and the service. The room was spacious and very clean. The marble bathroom was the same (and excellent water pressure in the shower -- not all that common in London in my experience!). The staff were extremely professional and courteous. And the location is amazing: 5 minute walk to The Strand (Theatre District), 10 minute walk to Covent Garden, 15 minute walk to Leicster Square and Picadilly Circus. Amazing! And if you want to take the tube, Holborn tube station is 500 yards from the hotel entance. I will definitely return to the hotel on my next visit to London. It's great, and deserves all the positive reviews it has received here. You'll love it.	
Nov 15 2005	Surprise surprise!	Stayed at this hotel as a surprise for my birthday before flying out to benidorm. The room was gorgeous with a lovely king sized bed and marble bathroom. The service was excellent, and we were made to feel extra special with little touches like freshening up the room whilst we were out and leaving chocolates with the morning's weather forecast.After my boyfriend proposed to me in the hotel, we decided to order room service. The staff went to extra lengths to get us strawberries which were not on the menu.Definately an experience we'll never forget. It was heaven!	
Nov 10 2005 	Fantastic In Every Way!	Stayed at the Renaissance over a long weekend, and found the hotel staff to be helpful and polite; the rooms to be spacious and inviting; and the location to be superb - you're within walking distance of many major areas. You won't be disappointed!	
Nov 1 2005	One of the Best!	The Renaissance far exceeded expectations. I was in London on business for six nights. The staff was courteous and very helpful. The concierge provided wonderful service, including great recommendations for dining, theatre and sights to see outside the normal &quot;tourist&quot; areas.Truly a wonderful experience. Room sizes were huge compared to typical standards in the UK and the continent. Just can't say enough good things about the property.One additional advantage, it was less than 100 yards from the High Hilbron tube stop. That stop provides access to everywhere one would want to go on &quot;the tube&quot;.	
Oct 20 2005	The best hotel I've ever stayed at and I've stayed at a few good ones	The rooms were large, the bed very comfortable with what I think are 1000 thread count linens, the staff friendly and helpful, and the experience fantastic. I can't wait to go back. If you end up on the club floor, you can pretty much eat dinner from the hors d'oeurves they put out at night, and the continental breakfast is nice if not a hot breakfast. The staff in the club room are quite friendly and always offer to help with anything.The baths are the lovely deep ones which you can really sink into and the bath toiletries are (or were when I was there) from Penhaligon's--think the British equivalent of L'occitaine if you don't know the name.When I arrived my room was not ready, but they directed me to the gym, which had a very nice, large bathrooom for taking a shower. I had only one complaint with the experience. While the rooms and hallways are extremely quiet, the doors are very heavy, and the springs on the doors don't stop them from being loud as they close. So if you are a person who likes to sleep in, you may hear some noise from doors closing as people go off to work in the morning. It quiets down again after the rush, the housekeeping staff are quite quiet. I travel constantly for work and because I'm a travel freak, and of all the hotels I've stayed in, including quite a few 5 stars, this was the nicest. It was also the only one that ever got my special request right without having to be asked twice. I always request foam pillows because I am allergic to down. What this means in most hotels is that I put it on my requests on the reservation, and then phone again when I get to the room, then wait 1/2 an hour and have to phone again, then hear about how they can't find any, then 1/2 an hour later they show up with either pillows or towels for me to make into pillows. Then I almost have to beg them to take the down stuff out of the room. At this hotel when I checked into the room everything down in the room had already been replaced with really nice down free pillows. Even the duvet had been switched out. For that alone, I would go back.	
Oct 3 2005	Great Hotel Great Location	This is a great hotel right around the corner from an underground stop. My husband and I stayed here from September 22 thru the 26th. Our room was very nice and the bathroom was huge. There is twice a day housekeeping service, fast and delicious room service breakfasts, and friendly and helpful staff. We were surprised at the negative comments about the staff. The concierge steered us to a great pre-theater restauant and ordered us a cab for the airport, and the front desk was helpful with money exchanges and information. We loved the spa and each had a massage there...great after a day of wandering the city. The area is quiet in the evening but is just a 15 minute walk or quick tube ride to Picadilly, Covent Garden, and the river. We rank this hotel just below a Ritz-Carlton in the states.	
Oct 3 2005	It does not get any better	My wife and I stayed here in mid September for the 2nd time and we have agreed this is the hotel to stay at in London. Location is ideal with a 10 minute walk to the theatre district, undgerground 2 minutes away. The service is first class and naturally friendly. Given the overall pricing of London the hotel is not over priced. Breakfast is lavish and good. No problems with either of our stays for early check ins or late check outs.	
Sep 24 2005 	My Home in London	I have stayed at the Renaissance around 70 nights a year for the past two years. It is more or less my home base when I am in London. In my view, it is the nicest Marriott property in London and one of the nicer hotels there. It is convenient to the City and to the West End via the tube or even a 20-30 minute walk. The facilities are very good (nice gym, very nice club floor) and the staff has always been very helpful to me. The Concierge has been able to find last minute theater tickets whenever we've wanted them and has generally been very helpful when I needed something. The only thing keeping it from a five star rating is the housekeeping staff. They tend to do the minimum (keep the room clean and mostly restocked) but do not have the commitment to going the extra mile you would find at the One Aldwych or a typical Four Seasons. But overall a great hotel and one I strongly recommend.	
Sep 16 2005	One of the Nicer Hotels in the chain...	I'm a Marriott Platnium member and stayed at the Renaissance Chancery Court on points back in May. It's probably the best hotel I've stayed at as it relates to the Marriott/Renaissance chain.I found the staff very nice and helpful. The conceirge was able to book us good tickets at the theatre and arrange a nice sightseeing adventure.The rooms are what you would expect from a Category 5-6 Marriott - nice but not necessarily spectacular. The bathroom and the amenities were spectacular - above what I would expect as part of a Marriott/Renaissance. The hospitality lounge was sufficient - rolls, juices, appetizers, soft drinks, water. Only downside was that there wasn't a great view.Iniitally, I was a bit worried by the location and wondered if the Financial District was the most optimum area to stay. I must say that we were pleasantly suprised - we found the location to be very convenient. It's about 1/2 block from the Holborn stop on the tube and we could be at the main areas in a manner of a few stops. Again, I would highly recommend	
Sep 6 2005	Quite a good hotel	The hotel is nicely situated and is a good 5* hotel. At the price we paid - GBP99 + vat, it was also value for money.We upgraded to the Club floor level - an extra GBP53. This was a waste of money. The service in the Club lounge was mediocre both in the evening and at breakfast, and the breakfast itself was so-so. The 'Club' benefits - compared to what you receive at (say) the Renaisance in Hong Kong, are almost non-existant.To sum up, the hotel was very good - its only disadvantage, being a Marriott hotel, was that my fellow guests were mostly americans - the loud, beach-shirted, shorts and trainer variety!	
Sep 5 2005	Beautiful building but the staff should be at a Motel 6	This is a beautiful and clean building. But it takes more than this to make a category 7 resort in the Marriott family. I read many reviews prior to my trip and it seems that while the reviewers understand the problem at this hotel, Marriott can't get it?? Ambivalence prevails from the doorman through check-in. While all the staff has a painted-on smile, they are not very good at going beyond what is required. Part of this has to do with the age of the staff which is rather young and I do not hold them responsible. When asked for a restaurant recommendation, the concierge could not provide a spot that would be a sure fire hit. He seemed reluctant to provide any information and obviously gave me a canned response of an Indian restaurant up the street. When asked what was good he really didn’t know. I went to the front desk to get a second opinion from a very nice but young lady. She also would not commit to a suggestion. What the staff needs is additional training or maybe they should actually visit some of the restaurants around the hotel. No pool in the hotel and if you want to use the sauna it is 25 pound per day. (That’s about $50) Now that is ridiculous.The hotel is in a great location close to the subway and for those in town for holiday or business the convenience in undeniable. I followed the suggestions of prior reviews and avoided the breakfast as there is a Starbucks and another coffee shop close to the hotel entrance.	
Aug 27 2005	Beautiful well managed hotel in financial district.	Renaissance Chancery Court London was a very nice, beautifully decorated, Category 7 hotel with the tube stop a short walk to the corner. We were staying on Marriott Reward points and got a nice room. Service was very good, room always clean and tidy. Concierge less than helpful as he wouldn’t book places in advance and they were often full on the day he tried to book. Chancery Court area almost vacated at night as it is the financial district. We've been to London 3 times now and our preference is the London Marriott Grosvenor Square, as it is a 15 minute walk to city central. For a first time visit to London, the Marriott County Hall is probably best as it’s right beside Westminster Bridge and the Thames River, but we still prefer Grosvenor Square of the three for the charm of its area.	
Aug 26 2005	Staying with kids?	Had a week at the Renaissance Chancery Court London during August 2005, chose the hotel for three reasons: location, location, location. Covent Garden and the British Museum within ten minutes walk and plenty of transport options available.The hotel itself was impeccible, being a converted office building. The character of the building had been sympathetically retained and the whole layout, decoration and design were faultlless.I stayed with my wife and two children, aged two and eight and from the moment we checked in, we felt a distinctly cool attitude from the staff towards the kids, and families in particular. Reception staff were austere and formal and lacked the friendly human touch I had come to expect from hotels of this calibre. I noted that business guests and in particular guests from the USA were greeted with a great deal more civility and warmth than was I (I'm British, by the way and also travel on business). A few language problems were also experienced with the multi-national staff, none of whom appeared to be British. We were often left feeling like strangers in our own country.In short, had a wonderful stay and enjoyed the hotel and its facilities. It would have made the whole trip far more pleasureable had the hotel staff been a touch less frosty.	
Aug 25 2005	Lovely Hotel great service	I stayed in this hotel with my niece and sister. The room was large and decorated to a high standard. The service was exemplary. I felt perfectly at home there, the atmosphere was friendly and welcoming, without being pretentious. My niece is five and only ate a small amount for breakfast but there was no charge. The rooms were quiet and air conditioned. I would definitely make this hotel my first choice again. Well placed for theatres etc.	
Aug 22 2005	lovely stay	lovely hotel. rooms spacious and as usual the beds were very comfortable. We had the breakfast in the lounge are the first morning which was slightly disappointing not up to usual Marriott standards. But then asked did we want to eat in the pearl restaurant on the second morning we agreed and this was lovely all served to you and included in the price. The details about the choice were not explained on our check-in which I think they should have been. The location is good, a 20 minute walk to theatre land meant we avoided public transport. In fact we walked everywhere quite comfortably. Lovely rooms, lovely stay, lovely breakfast eventually.	
Aug 19 2005	Extraordinary hotel!	Do yourself a favor next time you are in London and stay at the extraordinary Renaissance Chancery Court Hotel. My husband, our two children ages 14 and 18 and I just returned from an eight day stay (which we booked after researching London hotels on Tripadvisor) and were absolutely thrilled with our experience.An elegant property with excellent customer service and a warm, friendly atmosphere, this hotel does everything right. From the moment we checked in until the moment we left, each and every member of the staff from security, to front desk personnel, to management, to the concierge were focused on ensuring our complete satisfaction. They succeeded!We chose to stay on the Club Floor and recommend it highly. The Renaissance Club Lounge offered a beautiful and relaxing space and served delicious continental breakfast, appetizers and deserts, cocktails, soft drinks and all day coffee/tea. The staff was courteous, friendly and helpful. We requested adjoining rooms, one with a king bed and one with two double beds and the hotel guaranteed this request at the time we made the reservation. In our experience, other hotels note the request but do not make the guarantee. Our rooms were spacious, with beautiful baths (as mentioned in previous reviews the tub was high, but never posed a real problem) and one room had a tub and separate shower area. The beds were luxurious and extremely comfortable. Apples and chocolates in the room were lovely touches and daily weather forecast cards were much appreciated. We appreciated (though fortunately never needed) the umbrella and enjoyed the thick terrycloth robes found in each closet.We did have one problem, squeaky air conditioning in our kids' room. The hotel engineer immediately attempted to fix the problem and had a beautiful fruit plate and boxes of chocolates delivered to our room in apology. When the problem was not able to be resolved, we were moved to new and upgraded rooms down the hall (at the hotel's suggestion). We received a phone message from the hotel manager apologizing for the inconvenience. We could not have been more satisfied with the handling of this situation.Computers were available in the business center and with the purchase of a relatively inexpensive card, we were able to access the internet, aol, etc.An easy walk from Covent Garden (a favorite area of ours) and theatres, we were very pleased with the Renaissance's location. We chose to take taxi's, however, the Holburn tube station was quite close.There is no question that we will recommend this hotel highly to others and when in London again, we will not consider staying anywhere but the Renaissance Chancery Court.	
Aug 15 2005	above excellent!!! From lixourigreece	Well I went to London for five days with my 11 year old daughter. we had an amazing time. The hotel well what can I say. Everything was great from the moment we arrived. we were greeted with a smile and politness.Everyone was so helpful. Anytime we asked for help or directions they were more than happy to help. Example the night we arrived we wanted to go for dinner so we asked the porter Paul and he walked us to a spot so wouldn`t get lost and he even introduced us to some people on the way. Another porter by the name of Prince was just as polite. All the staff was great.The rooms were clean and very comfortabe beds. The pictures on the site do not do the place justice. Breakfast was good.I definately recommend this hotel. I could go on and on.	
Aug 2 2005	Good location large clean rooms highly recommended!	Had a fantastic weekend in London recently! Hotel was fabulous, friendly staff and our room was clean and quiet. Booked through Superbreak Holidays and the price was excellent, including full breakfast. Would definitely stay at this hotel again and recommend to family and friends!	
Aug 2 2005	Outstanding service great hotel	I stayed at this hotel for one night with my mother and grandmother, who has limited mobility. As she is confined to a wheelchair most of the time, we do not travel frequently with my gran, but this was a birthday treat and so I was very nervous to ensure that everything ran smoothly!The hotel itself is very grand, and definitely had the 'wow' factor I'd hoped for to surprise my gran. The location was perfect, very central and within 2 or 3 minutes' walk of the nearest underground (Holborne) and about 15-20 minutes from 'theatreland' and Covent Garden etc.The room was excellent, although obviously not as ornate as the common areas of the hotel, it was neat, tidy, well decorated and a very decent size - particularly by London standards. We had two huge double beds which were very comfy, climate control, huge TV (though I never understand why you'd want to visit London and stay in your room &amp; watch sky sports ....) luxury toiletries and robes and slippers, as well as the standard safe, minibar and tea and coffee facilities. We'd been upgraded to a club room which also meant that we had use of the club lounge - a quiet little room on the third floor (which also had a TV!) which served complimentary tea, coffee, fruit, cheese and biscuits and various other snacks (the spring rolls were delicious and the creme brulee was to die for!) The lounge also had an honour bar in the evenings and an extensive continental breakfast in the morning - all included in the price of a club room and definitely worth a visit.Most importantly, I could not have been happier with the level of service which was provided by the Renaissance. All of the staff that we encountered were polite, friendly and helpful. I developed a huge blister from the extensive walking we'd done during our stay and called reception from the room to ask where I could get a plaster - within seconds a selection had been delivered to my door! There were too many little touches to recount here, we too had chocolates and cards with the weather forecast placed in our room when the maid visited to turn down our beds. All in all I would definitely recommend this hotel, particulaly for a special ocassion.	
Jul 18 2005	Never again.... ever will I stay at the Chancery	I recently stayed at the hotel for three nights in three rooms with my family. The rate we were given (204GBA/room/night) required advance payment. They charged my credit card THREE times for what should have been the required payment. This was eventually cleared up after SEVERAL calls to Marriott and to London. Including a return call to me by a chipper lad at 3am my local time (which was met with a less than chipper response from me).Our stay was nothing out of the ordinary. The hotel is close to the Holbon Tube station and the Big Bus Tour stop which was nice.Upon returning home I reviewed my credit card on-line to find a number of temporary holds placed on my account that made absolutely no sense. Again a call to London and a promise of prompt action to remove them. Tonight I logged on to check the progress of the removal of the temporary holds (still not done BTW) only to discover a NEW CHARGE of over $400 USD. Yet another call to London and a dispute filed with AMEX.The hotel itself is nice enough. The furnishings are far short of matching the beauty of the building. What we have is a Marriott trying to compete in the upscale market and from I can see, failing miserably. The staff was pleasant enough although in fairness we didn't require much. We had a difficult time using a phone card and they were no help whatsoever with that.They do have quite a nice bar and that would be about the best compliment I can give them. Bottom line... the only way I would stay here again is for free and I'm sure they would find a way to screw that up too.	
Jul 12 2005	Great hotel in London	Although we really didn't have a choice to stay here (this was a pre-cruise hotel with Princess), based on the previous reviews read, we knew it was was going to be a nice hotel....and it was! The rooms (compared to more traditional English hotels) were nice size, very clean, updated, comfortable beds and a great location (near Holburn station). They had a convenient business center so we could use the Internet at any hour which was great as well. The hotel itself is architecturally beautiful in that it was an old bank that was converted so that there is a stately courtyard entrance. It was within walking distance of the British Museum and a short Underground ride to the theater district, Harrods, and most sites. Since this was our first visit to London, we had them arrange an Evans &amp; Evans all day bus tour since our time was limited which was fabulous and very professional. They also were able to get us theater tickets...great seats to a show that was sold out on the internet!We would definitely stay here again.........	
Jul 5 2005 	Beautiful and very comfortable	My husband &amp; I travelled to London and stayed at the Renaissance Chancery Court between June 28th and July 1st. We chose to stay there based on several of the favourable recommendations contained on this website. We were NOT disappointed.First of all, for those complaining that it is not in the best location for tourists, I must disagree. Albeit, you are not smack in the middle of the theatre district, or in the middle of Picadilly Circus, it is definitely a very small walk or tube ride to any of the most desired tourist attractions. In fact, my husband &amp; I walked to most areas, our favourite being the area of Covent Garden. It was literally 5 minutes walk to this great area offering up several quaint pubs, nice shops and restaurants. The tube station is also incredibly close to this hotel providing added convenience to any tourist. At the end of a day of touring in the more crazy, busy areas, it was a treat to get back to the slightly quieter, less crowded area surrounding our hotel. The hotel is also only a short walk from the fabulous British Museum.Second of all, the hotel accommodations were great! I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the room we had (room 447) overlooking the courtyard. Considering the size of most European rooms, this was a treat. As other comments indicate, our room did not have a plug in the bathroom for anything but a razor, however, there was a plug conveniently placed below a large mirror over a desk, at which it is easy to sit at and style your hair. The bathroom facilities were great with beautiful marble counters and double sinks. I will agree with other comments that the tub is a bit high, but when we later stayed at a friend's house over the weekend, their tub was that high as well. Not sure how common it is, but it appears to be somewhat common for this to happen. We simply remembered to take this into account everytime we stepped out of the shower. It was really no big deal. The bed itself was INCREDIBLY comfortable. Very, very comfy.As others have mentioned, there isn't much in terms of drawer space to put your clothes...We hung most of ours up with the remainder sitting on the top shelf of the closet and in the small few drawers of the nightstand. Again, not too much of an issue. The turndown service was great, with chocolates and the weather forecast for the next day provided. I cannot comment on the gym since we were too busy wandering around town to use it. We also didn't spend any time in the hotel restaurants since we normally ate wherever we happened to be touring during the day.The hotel staff was friendly and accommodating, however, one negative was the concierge staff. On our way out one day we asked them to search an event ticket and to leave a message in our room with the information, however, we never heard from them again. We did not pursue further since we gave up on the idea. We will definitely stay at this hotel again due to comfort and location!	
Jun 28 2005	Great hotel	Based on the encouraging reviews in Tripadvisor we stayed at the Chancery Court at the beginning and end of our trip to Europe. The staff was great. We were greeted by name at arrival and had two very comfortable rooms for us and two kids. The restaurant was very nice for breakfast which was included. The second trip was on the Concierge floor which I'd recommend. The setting is quiet and the building exterior is exquisite. Check it out on the Renaissance website. It's not quite in the center of town but you can walk to Covent Garden and the underground is a block away to get to anywhere. We'd stay again.	
Jun 6 2005	Could not have been happier	Beautiful hotel, huge room and bathroom, separate tub/shower stall, bathrobes, nightly turndown, quiet, excellent service, close to a tube station. Incredibly great.	
Jun 5 2005	Nice Hotel	My husband and I stayed here May 27 thru June 4th. Our first time in London and my first time to Europe. We stayed on the club level floor w points from Marriott. Had breakfast and coffee several mornings in the club lounge and sodas late night. The room was large, comparable to US hotels, my husband's stayed in Germany and Italy and said the rooms can be tiny. We didn't have a great view, it overlooked an alley and rooftops but we did not encounter any noise or other issues. We didn't get to use too many amenities as we would leave the room around 7 or 8 am and not return til 10 or 11 pm (and exhausted!) so we didn't use the spa or restaurants/bar. I am not a good walker (bad leg) but managed getting around fine, the Holborn tube stop is very close. We walked to the British Museum, Covent Garden, Picadilly, theaters and Leiscester Sq. The concierge recommended a good Italian restaurant within walking distance, Strata, just off Kingsway, 5 minutes away.	
Jun 1 2005	Favorite London Hotel!	This was our second stay at this hotel and it just keeps getting better. We stayed here two years ago and thought the hotel was wonderful but the staff was lacking. This visit the staff couldn't have treated us any better. Our every request was taken care of. My favorite part of our stay was eating the delicious desserts in the club lounge. The staff in the lounge were the friendliest and most helpful we ever encountered. I can't wait for a return visit. The hotel is a great location for the theatre!	
May 31 2005	Treated very well	The hotel staff was excellent. At one point my girlfriend asked the Conceirge for directions to something nearby, and he offered to walk us there. He knew it was a bit difficult to find and didn't want us to get lost. What service. Most hotels in London could care less about you or only answer your questions with the least amount of effort to get you to leave them alone.The location is pretty good. Close to Soho, Covent Garden and Theatres.	
May 30 2005	Beautiful 5 Star hotel....	Stayed here on Saturday and Sunday night May 21-22. Unbelieveable property. The staff was so friendly, especially Nina. The rooms were magnificent with turndown service, comfy beds, beautiful bathroom, the works. Used the internet for a small fee and my first time they let me use it for free.Located about 50 feet from the Holborn tube stop, close to a grocery store, restuarants, McDonald's and walking distance to Soho, Covent Garden, and Traf. Square.I cant say enough about how great the place was. The only SMALL problem was the last day we wanted to go soo Arsenal's football stadium. On my way out I asked the head concierge if it was the Arsenal tube stop we got off. He assured me no it was the Highbury stop. So we got off there, had to walk for over an hour and finally found it only to turn the corner and see the Arsenal tube stop right next door!--So maybe just figure out directions yourself, but that did not diminish the great stay.Did not have breakfast, but had some great cocktails in the bar at night!	
May 29 2005	Perfect	Our second trip to London and wish we had stayed here before. This hotel was fabulous. We booked an &quot;Executive Room&quot; which is larger than a standard/deluxe room and the rate included breakfast, which can flexibly be used at the buffet in casual resturant or from menu in nice resturant or via room service. Try to get a rate with breakfast, as food prices in London (including this hotel) are expensive.Room was clean and very comfrotable and on par with 5-star hotels in USA, which isn't always the case in Europe. Nice King size bed and sitting area with a sofa and small chair. High speed internet access in the room for 15 GBP per day (expensive, but worth it too me).Very convienent to Holborn Tube stop, and walking distance to British Museum/Temple Church/St. Peters. Area around it is a business district, so many shops closed on weekend, but plenty of dining options within a walk.	
May 2 2005	Fantastic tube location - Family friendly	We visited over Easter so the hotel was very quiet but we it was perfect for us and our two daughters. The Easter special was so fantastic we had two rooms. Main resturant and bar were closed for dinner a few nights but there are lots of decent options within walking distance. Pasta restaurant across the street and great service and good food. We liked the fact that we could go to the buffet or restaurant for breakfast depending on how much time we had. (Slower in restaurant)Tube station is right around the corner and it was very easy to get anywhere we wanted to go even with transfers...and we like walking so it was easy to get to places.Bathrooms were nice (tub a little high to get into for shower easily), rooms were very spacious, clean, nice to have safes, great towels etc. Staff is young and the concierge were pleasant but not the most helpful finding restaurants. All in all we would highly recommend for clean, spacious, location.	
Apr 29 2005	An elegant night of luxury	I stayed here with my boyfriend the night of a ball, and it was absolute bliss not to have to get home after the ball but to just wander upstairs. That would have made the actually quite reasonable price worth it alone, but in fact the whole experience was great. Check in was easy, the hotel is incredibly grand, the rooms are huge, clean, elegant and ever so tasteful. The room is turned down wonderfully (with cards giving the next days weather laid out - never experienced that before). The rooms were completely sound proofed - and the curtains shut out the morning light so well my boyfriend was convinced all the clocks in the room had gone wrong when he woke up. The staff were nothing less than polite. I shall certainly be staying here after next years ball.	
Apr 27 2005	Beware the elevated bath/shower!	While I can't agree more with all of the wonderful things said about this hotel I just have to caution anyone staying here of the elevated bath/shower combo that was in my room. A woman on this site mentioned that the bath was quite high and while climbing out one day her husband twisted his ankle. If only I had been so lucky! Three days into my stay I slipped climbing out and suffered multiple fractures of my wrist, which required surgery and two days in the hospital. So much for my grand two weeks stay in Europe! So while I agree with all of the otherwise positive reviews about this hotel, I just want to caution anyone staying in a room with the elevated bath/shower combo to be extremely careful entering and exiting it! If it wasn't for this accident I would have definitely given the hotel a five star rating, but with the severity of my injury it has left me leery of wanting to stay in a room with a bath/shower that high ever again no matter how wonderful the hotel is otherwise.	
Apr 27 2005	Excellent hotel but not so good location	We stayed here for 4 days, and the hotel itself is very nice and elegant (just like a 5 stars hotel). The service was great, and the breakfast was excellent. We love the room, big and very clean. The only thing that we were dissapointed was the location. I think if you are staying here for business, it might be a good choice, but if you are staying here for vacation, it's better to stay in a more crowded tourist area. There wasn't much cafes in the area, only Mc Donald's accross the street from this hotel. The double decker Big bus for the tour didn't pass in this area, you will need to walk about 15-20 minutes to take the Big Bus Tour. If you use the tube, there's a nearby station from this hotel (only 3 minutes walk). There aren't any stores at all nearby this hotel, and it's very empty at night. Next time I go to London, I would rather stayed in the different hotel where there's more tourist attractions.	
Apr 26 2005 	Wonderful Hotel (but $$$)	This hotel had all the trappings of an elite 5-star hotel in central London. The Holborn tube stop is practically next door, and you are an easy walk/ride to Covent Gardens, Oxford Circus and the major tourist areas of London.The hotel is situated a bit 'off' the street which makes it nice and quiet.Very spacious rooms, with excellent furniture - nothing more you could ask for (although for close to 250 pounds/night you should ask for a lot!)	
Apr 24 2005	Wonderful Place!	Just returned from 6 night stay (on points). Our room was fantastic and every one on the staff was terrific. We'll return next year, if not sooner!!	
Apr 23 2005	Elegant hotel	The Chancery Court added to our fabulous vacation. The rooms were extremely clean, the staff was very pleasant. The concierge was happy to help with booking tours and the theatre for us. The lobby was elegant with a beautiful chandlier and a spectular floral arrangement in the center. The bathroom was marble with a deep tub. Housekeeping came back at night and turned down the beds and left more clean towels. This hotel is more than 5 stars!	
Apr 18 2005	Incredible Hotel	We stayed for 3 nights on Marriott points and could not have been treated better. The staff was extremely friendly and went out of their way to help us in any way possible. The room was large and very clean. (They even starched the sheets.) I can't say enough good things about our experience at the Chancery.	
Apr 4 2005	cushy quiet convenient	Let me start by saying that my daughter and I lucked into a holiday rate of 99 pounds per night. That did not include breakfast, but we did get a large, lovely room with plenty of storage space, a good-sized bath and the world's best shower. The place was spotless, the work-out room more than adequate, service courteous and efficient. With a tube stop right around the corner, Covent Garden and the Thames within walking distance, we thought the location was swell. My only complaint stems from a 2-pound charge each time we picked up the phone and pricey Internet service in the business center. FYI, if you want to open the windows, give a call to maintenance. They'll send a guy by to unlock them, provided you sign a form promising not to jump.	
Mar 30 2005	Good weekend rates	Beautiful hotel with large, quiet rooms. Great location for theatre, museums and with nearby tube station. Service a little cold and restaurant way too expensive for breakfast but with Starbucks across the street. Two US size double beds and was one of few hotels we could find where our two children could share the room.	
Mar 27 2005	Very Pleasant Stay	Stayed here for 3 nights checking in on 23/03/05. The room was spacious with a very comfortable bed and an excellent bathroom. The staff were pleasant and helpful and the atmosphere in the Lounge and Bar was very relaxing. The building itself is a stunning piece of architecture and in an excellent location just around the corner from Holborn Underground station. The only meal I had was when I ordered room service. The food was of excellent quality. I did not try the breakfast as I could not justify spending £21.00 for the privilege! Would definitely recommend and stay there again. By the way there is also an excellent Italian restaurant situated directly opposite the hotel which is very affordable!	
Mar 22 2005	Outstanding!	I have stayed at the Renaissance Chancery Court three times now over the past 3 or 4 years. Each time it has been absolutely wonderful. European standars tend to differ from American so after staying at other hotels in London, we found the Renaissance to far surpass much in the area. The staff is extremely helpful and polite, especially in the Club Lounge. The lounge provides a great place to sit and relax any time of day and has complimentary beverages and food. So when we wanted to have a light meal or snack, we looked no further than our own hotel. Our room was spacious (again, at European standards) and they have upgraded us at times to even larger rooms with large sitting areas and rooms with 2 queen size beds. Each time we go we are impressed and this trip in March was no exception.	
Mar 17 2005	Bad Bad Value	Just returned from an 8-night stay here. Good stuff first. The hotel is immaculate from the common spaces to the individual rooms. (although they went 5 days without changing our bed linens). The location is excellent as many others have mentioned. However; in my opinion this hotel is a BAD value and that is not just based on the &quot;sticker shock&quot; of the current terrible exchange rate of pounds/US dollars.We stay at luxury properties exclusively, and usually on a &quot;club&quot; level as we did at the Chancery Court. First, there were issues of safety. Our privacy lock on the door didn't work. When I asked at the desk, the clerk could have cared less. The key system broke down several times, leaving one to speculate on how protected you really are with their current computer system. Now, comfort issues. The privacy drape was falling down at the corner, so we had lots of morning sunshine every day. We were in the back of the hotel and as previously mentioned, the recycling/garbage trucks do make a lot of noise every morning. We had booked two rooms as my daugher would be joining us for six nights. The room she was given was MUCH better equipped than ours. Despite what the pictures on their website show, our bathroom had one sink, a tub/shower unit, and as mentioned elsewhere, no outlets in the bathroom except for a special shaver one. The tub was elevated and quite a climb down, in fact once my husband slipped and twisted his ankle. Disappointing for the price we were paying to have such a low-level bathroom. Downright uncomfortable was the fact that there was NO MIRROR anywhere in the room. I had to do my hair and makeup using the tiny mirror in my compact propped up on top of the armoir. (couldn't use the bathroom because it had no outlets for curling iron, rollers etc) We also had NO DRAWERS for storage. I had to take the tea service out of the armoire to create a drawer. I had one small drawer in the nightstand. Otherwise, I had to live out of my suitcase for the entire 9 days. Again. For $500-700 a night I thought that was ludicrous. Finally, we had one small upholstered chair with no ottoman so sitting around would have been impossible if we had not had the concierge lounge to retreat to.Next, poor service. When we arrived we were shown to our room by a concierge person which I thought was a nice touch. Unfortunately, my polite, quiet request to see if they had a bigger room resulted in us being shown three rooms which got progressively smaller. By now (after almost 30 hours of travel) I just said &quot;this one will be fine&quot; even though it wasn't. We booked the club level hoping to use the concierge to book tickets, etc as this was our first time to London. While the young staff was friendly, they were also clueless as to how to advise us. They were obviously mostly there just to act as bus-boys and girls for the lounge. The food quality in the lounge was ok. Decorative but not always tasty. The milk at breakfast one morning was sour, and the pastries were stale. A lot of creme brulee, some of which was moldy. Compared to other concierge lounges (such as the Ritz) it was not as nice. At the Ritz alcohol is complimentary, at the Chancery Court a glass of wine was $11. Needless to say, we drank the complimentary soda.After a few days of living without a mirror, privacy lock, drooping drapes, no drawers for clothes, etc I actually got up the courage to talk to someone at the front desk. The young boy stationed there (I don't believe they have any employees over the age of 30) was disinterested in what I had to say. He did offer to send someone to look at the drapes. I told him &quot;tomorrow would be fine&quot; since we had to get ready for a concert. He ignored that, so I had to crawl down out of the tub/shower to answer the door for a maintenance man who politely offered to &quot;come back later&quot;. No one ever came back, we just lived with the eternal sunshine of that spotless room.:) Another weird thing is the electrical system in the room. The lights don't work unless you leave one of the room keys in a slot by the front door. That is also kind of a security issue. If you want to have a light in the bathroom at night you have to leave your key right next to the door. And if your privacy lock is broken like ours was, all someone has to do it open the door, reach through the fold-over bar and take your key.These may seem like petty complaints. However; when you consider that we were paying full price for two rooms this hotel is a BAD value. THe $8K we dropped here was a hard lesson to learn. Marriott needs to get its act together at this property. Clearly their focus is on business men as a previous post stated. Families and women are out of luck in this loop.I am certain that you can find something with a good location, clean, even luxurious for the same amount of money. And you will probably get a real mirror and a concierge who can actually advise you about restaurants, theater tickets, etc. STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE is the best advice I can offer. It is simply not worth the money.	
Mar 15 2005	Very good.... but not quite five stars	Stayed here two nights March 12-13 2005. This is an impressive facility to say the least, and I'd like to be clear that in most regards we were very well satisfied. I've traveled extensively in my work for over 25 years....long enough to understand that five stars is a gold standard of excellence attained only by a select few properties. The Chancery Court has a lot going for it, but in my view, comes up just a tad short.The basics and the positives are these: The hotel is in a very convenient Central London location. I'd describe the surrounding area as more &quot;commercial&quot; than &quot;tourist&quot;. Both the neighborhood and the hotel itself are probably better suited to business travelers than for leisure, but by no means is this a bad choice for vacationers. Especeially for those already familiar with the city. There are plenty of restaurants and pubs within walking distance...as well as shops for basic neccesities. Sainsbury's mini-supermarket, drug store (&quot;chemist&quot;), dry cleaners, Starbucks, all within a block. Note that some of the other nearby business are closed weekends.Also a block away is the Hoborn tube station which puts most major London tourist attractions and business venues within 10-20 minutes travel time. Additionally, the hotel is about a ten minute walk from Covent Garden with its wide variety shops and restaurants.As for the hotel itself, the building is a wonderful restoration of a structure originally built in the early 20h century to house a major British insurance company. Large public areas, generous use of marble and other expensive materials throughout. The lobby manages to be imposing without being forboding. The fact that this hotel is primarily geared to businesspeople is evidenced by the extensive meeting facilities and a charming well-appointed bar. Here one can imagine many a business deal going down among well-heeled industry captains. Across a small entry way courtyard from the bar is the destimation restaurant &quot;Pearl&quot;. Unfortunately, this is closed on Sundays.As a Marriott platinum member, I was given a standard room on the concierge floor. The room was clean and well appointed. It was large by European standards, comfortable but otherwise unspectacular. The bathroom was moderately large and nicely done with extensive use of marble. The shower had plenty of water pressure and was easy to use. The quality of the bed and bedding was excellent. Very easy to get a good night's sleep. Noise penetraiting the walls from the adjoining room was a (minor) problem, however.Those familiar with Marriott/Renaisance concierge lounges will find the concierge lounge here a cut above the usual in terms of decor, space, comfort, service, and quantity of quality of offerings. Very well done with a generally helpful, attentive staff.Now for those annoying glitches. When we checked in, we decided to use my wife's credit card for the charges. Despite presenting her card, having them imprint it, and asking them to use the card I gave them, all of the bill...including a hefty pre-authorization... still wound up going onto my card instead of hers. (My card info was in my platinum member profile). Worse, although I presented an award certificate at check-in for one of the nights at no charge, I wound up being billed for both nights instead of just one. This was corrected immediately when I pointed out the error.The usually-competent and freiendly staff also disappointed when they twice failed to respond to a very simple request. The hotel was touting a &quot;Chocolate Dreams&quot; month for March, which among other things included a chocolate bath bomb. There was bubble bath of another type in the room (a nice touch), but we got no response either on Saturday and Sunday when my wife requested the chocolate bath for our room.Then, when I got up in the middle of the night Sunday, the toilet wasn't working. The handle had broken. With North American-style plumbing, it would have been simple enough to go into the flush box and either fix it or operate the commode manually, but that wasn't an option here. We wound up having to use the ice buckets and an empty metal trash can to flush. When I brought this up at check out, the young desk clerk hesitated....went into a back room (presumably to speak to a manager)....then finally offered a 20 percent discount on our room rate. I felt the discount was fair and acceptable, but in my view and in my experience with upscale hotels, this should have been adjusted on the spot....without the ensuing delay of a discussion. Five-star hotel front desk staff should be trained, professional, and empowered.So....as nice as this hotel was, I can't give it a five-star rating. Broken toilets, soundproofing issues, unfulfilled simple requests, shuttered &quot;destination&quot; restaurants, and billing/credit card mistakes just aren't part of the five-star experience. However, this is still a fine hotel with all the right ingredients for five star status, if they can just manage to assemble all the pieces correctly. As it is, it remains a very good choice. Also, as a large hotel with a lot of rooms to fill, it can also become quite a bargain during off-peak travel periods.	
Mar 11 2005	Not what it used to be...	I stayed her last spring and it was incredible. Service, style, well worth the money. However, I stayed here for a week in March and sad to say - this hotel has turned into one of those run of the mill upper end business man's hotel. No personal treatment, no staff with style - everything is geared toward business men... Now actually I was there as a business WOMAN - but apparently they aren't used to having women - twice the concierge put a business man into a cab before me even though I had been waiting almost 10 minutes - as for the concierge - DREADFUL - not once did I have a car when one had been ordered - my car to the airport was over half an hour late - and they never called to confirm once they ordered cars or got theater tickets - it was just not even the ghost of service that had been received last spring .... very sad to see it fall down to that level so quickly.	
Mar 7 2005	Fabulous...	This hotel was just perfect. I switched there after staying in the Thistle Marble Arch, which although adequate, was not exactly what I wanted. I checked in early in the morning and they were so accomodating. As a woman traveling alone I especially appreciate feeling safe and well looked after and this hotel did not disappoint. I received a complimentary upgrade when they at first could not find my reservation (I think I was there before the expedia bookings had come through from the previous evenings). They were very professional and even left a lovely note for me later in the day again apologizing and indicating that everything had been sorted. The room was immaculate, the tea and coffee fixings divine, and the bed very comfy. I was impressed both by the size of the room and the bathroom which was nicely designed with marble fittings and a seperate shower and large bathtub. Other perks were turn-down service at night, bathrobes and slippers, and a lovely chocolate special this month which includes a chocolate bath bomb! Indeed, I would most certainly return the next time my plans bring me to London. Oh yes and also the location is perfect- right next to Holborn tube station which serves the central and piccadilly lines- easy to get wherever you desire. Oh and there is a Sainsbury (market) right at the corner so its easy to pop in for water and snacks if neccessary. One final note, I have stayed in quite a few five star hotels in my day and this ranks right up there with the best.	
Mar 6 2005	Fantastic	We decided to stay at the hotel after reading the reviews on tripadvisor. The hotel lived up to our high expectations and I would recommend it to others without hesitation. High standard of accommodation, good breakfast, good value for money given it is in central London and an excellent location a short walk from Covent Garden.	
Mar 2 2005	Absolutely WONDERFUL!!!	I recently stayed a week at this hotel (Feb. 12-19), and I cannot say enough wonderful things about it!! First of all, the concierge and front desk staff are very nice and will do what they can to accomodate you (BTW...love the Toblerone chocolates each evening at the front desk!). The location of the hotel is absolutely wonderful...just around the corner from the Holborn station. The hotel is also within walking distance of Covent Gardens. We felt EXTREMELY safe walking at night around the hotel area. The full English breakfast (while a bit pricey at 20 pounds) is wonderful! But there is also a McDonald's and a few breakfast shops within walking distance of the hotel. There is also a grocery store on the corner across the street from the Holborn station. It's a great place to buy soft drinks to stash in the mini-bar!One small quirk of the hotel is that there are no electrical plugs in the bathroom! There is one for a shaver, and that's it. The desk area does have several outlets, though. If you are using U.S. plugs, then be sure to ask for a transformer (which is free of charge). We originally asked for adaptors, and the concierge was glad to bring two up to our room for 6 pounds each! We promptly returned those, and were told that we could use a transformer (which is a small electrical box with a couple of outlets for U.S. plugs) for no charge.I do have one suggestion...try to get a room that does not face the back alley. Otherwise, you will awake each morning to the sound of the recycle truck picking up the hotel's glass bottles. It's very annoying at 4:00 in the morning...every morning. Other than those two quirks...can't think of anything bad to say!! Thank you Chancery Court!	
Mar 2 2005	Fabulous!	My wife and I stayed here for our 10th anniversary, and found it to be a fantastic hotel. I travel extensively for work and have stayed at countless hotels, and have found this hotel to be one of the best. The rooms were spotless, the concierge lounge was top notch, and the staff bent over backwards to accomadate us in any way	
Feb 27 2005	Will agree with all the rest!	This was my second trip to London, and I chose the Renaissance London Chancery Court Hotel based on the comments posted on Tripadvisor. The hotel was great and being a Marriott hotel was able to get some awards points was not bad either! There were six adults in three rooms. The rooms were very nice, and the bathrooms were spotless! Easy walk to Covent Garden and the West End. After a long flight it was real nice take a quick nap at 10:00 am when we arrived. We were able to check right in without any problems. We will stay here again.	
Feb 19 2005	Great Hotel	I stayed at the Renaissance London Chancery Court Hotel in December 2004 and it was fantastic. The rooms are a o.k. size and very nice decorated and are kept very clean. The bath also as the rooms, nice and have all the stuff that a 5* Hotel should have. Staff also was very friendly and helped us in every way they could! Also it's only a 2 minute walk (aprox. 200 meters) to the nearest subway (tube) station. And as everywhere in london there is a starbucks coffee rightt across the street. Devenitly will stay there again!	
Feb 7 2005	Very Pampering	Stayed here in February 2005. This hotel is in a great location. Easy walk to Covent Garden and the West End. The approach is lovely - beautiful courtyard, posh lobby. The staff is very pleasant. The rooms are quite large (ours overlooked the courtyard). The bathroom is large, spotless and has Penhaligon toilitries. Breakfast was good, although it is set up in a place that can't handle all the guests. So -lovely hotel, great service, perfect location. (of course, you pay for it.) You are, however, still staying in a large chain hotel.	
Feb 7 2005	A pleasant stay	Just returned from a week at the Renaissance London Chancery Court (traveling on business).I was booked in room 221, overlooking the courtyard. A very quiet room, very nice furnishings, terrific bathroom (shower head mounted quite high on the wall! Much appreciated by this tall woman).I did not experience poor soundproofing problems mentioned by another reviewer. Maybe just lucky???The room service menu was extensive and the food of a good quality.As with anything in the hotel, a bit overpriced as well.The gym was well appointed and clean.I like the central location; right near Covent Garden, some shopping and walking distance from my office.I appreciated being able to check my luggage with the bellman so I wouldn't have to drag it to the office.On my previous trip to London, I stayed at the Crowne Plaza - the City.Chancery Court compares quite favorably and I will stay here again.	
Feb 6 2005	Definitely Recommend	My wife and I stayed a week here in January, having selected this hotel in large part based on the reviews here and found much to like. We have usually stayed in the Knightsbridge area, but discovered that we also spent a lot of time in and around Covent Garden and used the Picadilly line quite a bit. The hotel is a couple of minutes from the Holborn tube stop (Picadill &amp; Central lines) and one-stop away from Covent Gardens which was within easy walking distance. We also like the fact that the British Museum was close-by. The area isn't the most scenic, but there all necessities (drug stores, cafes, Starbucks) were within a couple of minutes walk. The staff was quite friendly and the room was the largest we've had in London. Well appointed except for the odd lack of a dresser. There was certainly ample room for one. The building is impressive. The breakfast was unremarkable and expensive. There are better/cheaper choices close-by. If you're looking for a full-service hotel, this has a lot to recommend it.	
Feb 2 2005	My home in London	I first stayed at the Chancery Court in 2001 and was floored by the value for money. Hotels costing twice as much are not as nice as this, with almost every room unique and service beyond first class. I've stayed 8 times since and have loved it as much each time. The only thing that could be improved would be to offer SkySports3 for NFL football. Even the location is ideal, about 100 steps from the Tube, and a little further to the British Museum, Inns of Court and Covent Garden, with lots of affordable, even cheap places to eat nearby.	
Jan 31 2005	Not sure really...	Where do I start? Well I decided that for my wife's 31st birthday that we would do something special...so we lost the child with friends and booked a night out on the town with just the two of us!The hotel promised so much yet in the end delivered on some things and totally missed on others.For reference, we stayed in a deluxe double, which is really hotel speak for &quot;our average woggo room&quot; which set us back 165GBP +vat for 1 night (breakfast included).Lets get the bad out of the way first.Major disappointments:Room: While the room size was actually quite generous and the bed ****** comfortable what really let the room down was the paper thin walls!I kid you not...never in all my years of using cheap, cut price hotels (and some were pretty ****** bad!) have I been able to take as full a part in our neighbours conversations before! If it wasn't for the fact the wife was in a deep coma after a great dinner and a few drinks in the bar I would have got the duty manager to move us to another room!I was bitterly disappointed by just how little sound proofing there was between us and our neighbours...even more disappointed after the moolah we had handed over for the room. Honestly even 16.50GBP Formula 1 rooms in France offer more sound proofing than our 200GBP a night (including vat) fancy shmancy room in London did!The room had no view, well ok I lie. We got a view of the office block about 10 feet away from the hotel!. I guess if we had known, or could have been bothered we would have asked for something over looking the court yard???Problems, while not the end of the world but still a bit iffy:Doormen: returning from dinner around 9pm and no doormen to be found anywhere. Ok I know...not a biggy BUT still, you pay for luxury you expect doors to be opened for you on arrival at the hotel :)Charges: At times it felt like everything came at a charge and thank god our room rate included breakfast! While it was bloody nice, filling and greasy it was not worth 21GBP!Knowledgeable staff: I was a little put off by the check out girl who didn't know what the Marriot Experience Program was or didn't direct our query to another staff person who did.Parking: 35GBP was just over the top. I guess you are paying for convenience though. And it did mean we didn't have to get the tube home to get our car or pay for a taxi each way to and from the hotel to home. And Oh yes, it was nice having the doormen coming in and asking if we were waiting for the Black BMW! Pretentious yes we know! :)And now, the good!Room: Size...bloody nice big room and one of the most comfy beds I've ever slept in. In fact its probably the first time that I've never woken up with a sore back in a foreign bed after a night away from home!The room was spotless, comfortably appointed and more importantly...didn't look dated! The bathroom was spotless and well appointed with marble throughout! Definitely a bloody nice room! I imagine the really expensive rooms would be...almost palatial!Wow factor: Oh yeah baby! This hotel has wow factor alright! The building itself is spectacular and the foyer is indeed grand! We loved the liberal use of different types of marble throughout the hotel.Staff: What more can you say, the staff were attentive, helpful and smiley! I can overlook all the other annoying things in this hotel simply because they staff were excellent.On returning to the hotel after dinner we stopped for a drink in the bar and were immediately met with munchies and given a menu to look over. Ok, we did have to pay for the munchies (4.50GBP) but the speed of delivery was such that I could over look such a thing (plus the fact I could ninja the left overs from the other tables...so all in all not a bad post dinner feed! Breakfast: Ok...its expensive and the lounge we first went to was full but we got redirected to the dining room and didn't have to wait for a table to become free.This turned out to be a real bonus because there was only our table and 2 others that were being used in the room! So it made for a very intimate breakfast (the other lounge was loud, busy and had kids running around (not ours this time!).I guess there is only so much hash browns, bacon, sausages, mushrooms and eggs one can eat...apparently. I wouldn't know because I have not got to that stage yet! :)The fruit juice was freshly squeezed, the coffee and tea hot and the berry smoothie after breakfast both cleansed the pallet AND was bloody nice! Summary:You know...I so desperately wanted to like the hotel or to give it at least 4 stars but I just couldn't. There was just too much &quot;wrong&quot; with the place to warrant anything more than 3 stars.I don't dislike the place...its just that this hotel didn't do it for me. I guess if we were staying in a suite or something then this review would be more positive. But having forked out 250GBP (room, drinks, parking and vat) for the night I just expected more. We have stayed in other Marriott hotels and will continue do to so in the future (we are staying in the Melbourne Marriott in a little over 6 weeks time) so this stay hasn't put us off the brand entirely.Would I recommend this hotel? I would but Id let people know of the things we disliked and liked. I wouldn't give an unreserved recommendation though.	
Jan 30 2005	I will always stay at the Renaissance!	This is the best hotel in the the city of London. We stayed 6 nights. The staff are very kind and helpful. The property itself, is second to none. But best of all is the location. More in the financial district than the tourist district. Underground station on the corner was so convenient. To sum it up, I would only stay at this hotel when in london.	
Jan 24 2005	Excellent!	My husband and I spent Christmas in London and stayed at this lovely hotel. We enjoyed our very large room and the down comforter, down pillows and wonderfully comfortable bed. The staff were excellent, especially the guest relations manager who is a tall French gentleman with a warm, welcoming and professional manner. Be sure to get clear explanations on what exactly the bed and breakfast arrangement entails. We got great rates from our AAA membership. This was a great stop over for us on our way to Cairo. We really enjoyed it and we will be back.	
Jan 22 2005	Spectacular Hotel	What's not to like about the Renaissance Chancery Court . . . spacious, well-decorated rooms, outstanding service, scrumptious breakfasts (sweet berries and fruits in the middle of winter!), and excellent location. We have stayed there four times and will return again later in 2005.	
Jan 18 2005 	Just a wonderful hotel	I adore this hotel. I stay here almost every time I need to stay in London (which is each month); on the few occasions I have stayed elsewhere in town (because of unbeatable rates on Laterooms, for example) I wish I were back in the Renaissance. Why? Huge rooms for a London hotel, fantastic bathrooms, comfortable beds and great staff. And the rooms are always quiet due to the heavy doors. I always sleep fantastically well. And make sure you get the full English breakfast - you won't need anything else to eat all day!	
Jan 17 2005	Best in London!!!	I try to make it to London at least once a year and always stay at the London Chancery Court Hotel. My first stay, back in September 2001, set the standand. Being far from home when the attacks of 9-11 occurred, all we wanted to do was get back to the States. Knowing that all international flights had been grounded, the wonderful staff of the hotel went above and beyond to make sure that their &quot;stranded&quot; guests continued to have a home in London. Since then, I have always chosen to stay at this hotel. The staff is wonderful, the setting and rooms beautiful and location fantastic (walking distance to Covent Garden and the British Museum, and right around the corner from a Tube stop). Do yourself a favor and book at the Chancery Court! You won't regret it!	
Jan 15 2005	Even better than we had hoped!	Friends and my partner and I booked three rooms at the Chancery Court between Christmas and New Year's for our annual London trip. Of all of the hotels we have fallen in love with over the years, this was the universal favorite. The hotel can be seen as very grand (I have never seen so much marble in a hotel!), but the staff is extremely warm and courteous. There was a plumbing problem in our bathroom (which we did not notice), and we were quickly and efficiently moved to a suite (quite an upgrade, and we had gotten an extremely favorable rate to begin with). Friends who visited us at the hotel were exteremely impressed with the size of all of our rooms (extremely large by London standards). We had afternoon tea in the hotel restaurant one day, and it was absolutely delicious, the best we have ever had in London. A wonderful hotel, well situated (we actually liked the fact that we had to walk a bit to get to the West End - not far, but an enjoyable stroll). We would stay here again in a minute.	
Jan 13 2005	Great hotel	Stayed in december 2004. Excellent experience, but did not have breakfast in the hotel or use the spa so cannot comment on these. Large rooms (huge by London standards), excellent service, and a very welcoming atmosphere. We travelled with a 3 year old and he was made most welcome by all the staff (not always the case in 5* hotels). Housekeeping staff deserve a special mention for their friendliness and efficiency. Overall, a great hotel in a great location (it is also on the doorstep of a couple of restaurants, fast-food outlets, grocery stores, dry cleaners etc...and a tube station). Highly recommended.	
Jan 11 2005	Three Star Service - Luxury Prices - Disappointed Stay	We chose to stay at The Renaissance Marriott Chancery Court Hotel based on the TripAdvisor reviews. However, we regret to say that our stay during mid-December 2004, was very mediocre one. The doormen were hardly visible and if they were, many a time they were chatting with each other, or using the concierge's phone. If present, they did open the door for you, an on occasion, a bell-hop was on hand to do the job. What we found odd, during our entire stay, not one doorman ever enquired if we needed a cab. I guess if they did ask, it meant they would need to walk out through the hotel's court yard in order to hail one, or maybe it was just a cold day. Also, restaurant reservations were overlooked by the concierge and at one point he had asked my husband to make the reservation. There was another evening where we called down to the Concierge to reserve a table at a well know restaurant, which he said he would take care of, but somehow there was a miscommunication in the way that we were to confirm back with him, as per the hostess at the restaurant, who in turn, was unable to seat us. This never happened to us before. I also asked for a Yoga mat, which the manager seemed to have questioned. It almost seemed as if he didn't know what it was, which he clearly confirmed by bringing up a plastic foam filled exercise mat. Anyway, the cost of our stay was nothing to sneeze at, as we were in the hotel's executive suite, which we found very clean, but also very, very basic, or what one would call low-end contemporary style. The suite also lacked in lighting and the latest in audio technology. The Marriott Chancery Court's service, decor &amp; ammenities was nothing compared to our experience at the Milestone Hotel, or the Metropolitan Hotel, which were both exemplary. The Metropolitan Hotel has yoga mats in every room, and The Milestone went out and bought me my very own, along with a dvd and book! All of which, I did return after our stay. Although the Milestone and The Metropolitan are boutique hotels, and slightly costlier, but not by much, we unfortunately found our stay at the Renaissance Chancery Court Hotel to be an empty one. Regardless, the City of London on a whole and the excellent theatre, restaurants &amp; high tea in memorable, noteworthy haunts of ours, truly made up for the disappointing hotel stay. If you are looking for a clean place to merely sleep, and do not mind paying the price, one may want to consider the Marriott Chancery Court Hotel, which we found to be a no-frills hotel with luxury prices and three star service. Definitely not worth the amount in British sterling, or American dollars.	
Jan 10 2005	Our UK home!	My wife and I stayed at the Renaissance Chancery Court over the New Years weekend and were pleased beyond our expectations. This was our second trip to the Chancery Court and it has remained consistantly exceptional! By far our favorite hotel bar in all of Europe! The staff bent over backwards to relocate us to another room when our original room developed some plumbing problems that could not be sorted out over the holiday weekend. An excellent staff and a wonderful facilty make for an incredible experience.	
Jan 10 2005	Charming!	Spent New Years at the Renaissance, and the building is spectacular. We requested for a room change when we got there, and the staff at the desk were so helpful and gave us an even larger room than we originally had. The area around the hotel is quiet at night but bustling during the average work day. It is also only one block away from the major Holborn Underground Station which will bring you anywhere. All of the staff were just charming and wonderful. Loved it! Will go back if we head over to the UK again.	
Jan 8 2005	Great Hotel	Stayed five nights from Xmas to New Years 2004. This hotel is fantastic with a great looking exterior and public rooms, and 21st century guest rooms. the rooms are American size, not the typical European closet. Saved 30 GPB a night by not getting the inclusive breakfast, Starbucks, Costa, and McDonalds are all on the same block as the hotel for quick cheap breakfast. My room on the 7th floor facing the courtyard (odd numbered rooms) had nice views of London Eye and Parliament.	
Jan 4 2005	Fantastic!	My wife and I stayed there over the New Year's holiday and found it to be a very luxurious place to stay. It is located right around the corner from the Holborn Tube stop and is within walking distance to the Theater district and the British Museum. The room and hospitality was excellent!	
Jan 4 2005	Our New London Home	We stayed here in June -- a free stay thanks to the excellent Marriott Rewards program. The location is unbeatable -- easy access to the West End or the City. A wonderful conversion of office building to hotel. The breakfast is, however, outrageously expensive, and worse now with the weaker dollar. Just pop across the street to the Starbucks - excellent pastries (unlike the US) at affordable (for the UK) prices.	
Jan 2 2005	Very comfortable stay...	Stayed at hotel between Christmas and New Years, 2004. Very comfortable rooms. Large beds, nice bathrooms. Cose to Holburn tube station. Within walking distance of Theatre district. Had a very comfortable stay at an excellent price.	
Jan 2 2005	Wonderful !	Just returned from a 5 night stay over New Year. The hotel lived up to and exceeded our expectations. Quite the grandest hotel building in London, yet we felt entirely comfortable, and very well looked after. The service was excellent, and special requests (eg food allergies) were promptly and courteously catered to. Housekeeping was exemplary, even cleaning our room, when we didn't leave it till early evening and had told them they needn't bother. Room service was prompt and beautifully presented, and the food delicious. Will definitely return.	
Jan 1 2005	Breakfast or brunch	We stayed on the 18th December 2004. The hotel was fine, but trying to take breakfast was painfrul. We had to queue for breakfast for approximately three quarters of an hour, the reason we were given was short staffing. After hours of footwork around London the day before, the last thing we needed was to stand in line for breakfast. What made it even more frustrating was the fact that I was in a party of two, and we kept being bypassed for parties of four behind us. This should not have happened in a 5&quot; hotel, but if it was absolutely necessary to keep people waiting, our names should have been taken enabling us to sit down on one of the many easy chairs with perhaps a complementary juice or coffee. A waiter prepared our table knocking over a flower vase spilling water on the floor. The water was left there. Once we were seated, we had to keep calling the waitress for service, and requests for a butter knife and skimmed milk took so long that my daughter used my knife and had finished her cereal by the time I got my milk. A couple accross the way was heard to complain about the wait for their breakfast and a waiter dropped somebody elses knife on the floor. Another annoying thing is we had to pass from one side of the building accross an outside courtyard to get the the breakfast area. In the middle of winter it was very cold.Definitely not up to the standard one would expect of this class hotel.	
Jan 1 2005	Fabulous Hotel	I stayed at the Chancery Court based on reviews I had read on this website and I was not disappointed. I was there in October and it was wonderful. The staff was professional and very helpful. The room was great with a nice bathroom and a fabulous bed. I stayed on the club level and the food and refreshments were very good. The hotel restaurant's and bar were also nice. Great hotel and location, which I plan to return to next trip.	
Dec 21 2004	The reviews on trip advisor were right	I picked this hotel because of the reviews from this website and as an added bonus I was able to use Marriott points and stay for free on Sat Dec 18. The hotel is beautiful on the outside, the lobby is wonderful, the bar is great and the rooms are spacious, modern and very clean.What more could you ask for? I would certainly recommend it to anyone going to London and will stay again when I go back.	
Dec 21 2004	Won't be staying here again.	Wherever I travel, I try to stay at the Four Seasons because their service is second to none. The Chancery Court received such high praise from other Tripadvisor users that on our recent trip to London I decided to try it. Granted the location is good and the rooms are adequate, although the bath and sink take several minutes to drain, but having to wait in a queue for forty-five minutes for breakfast in a five star hotel is ludicrous. When we were finally seated, every item on the menu that we requested had run out. We ended up with toast and coffee. The spa is filthy. Although it was dimly lit, you can still see the dust and hairballs swirling in the corners and the towels on the relaxation beds were not changed between guests. Nor was there any water in the jugs or clean glasses. Considering the price we paid, I've stayed in far better hotels in London.	
Dec 10 2004	Utterly Fantastic. Stay here!	This is without question the nicest hotel I have stayed in in London and deserves it's top spot on Trip Advisor. The hotel is in an exquisite building with gorgeous spacious rooms, nicely furnished, and beautiful bed linen. Great food, great location, spectacular service and exceptionally quiet in the hotel given the busy area. This is London at it's best. Stay here!	
Dec 8 2004	This is the place to stay when visiting London.	I'm sure there are other wonderful hotels in London but I'll never experience them. I've had my share of bad luck with hotels in the past so now when I find one that impresses me I stick with it. My wife and I travelled to London in November and after arriving at Heathrow we took the Tube to Holborn station putting us half a block away from the Chancery Court. Door to door service (almost) without fighting morning rush hour traffic. The hotel itself is amazing. Our room had a king bed with courtyard view. Very quiet. The bath was all marble and spotless. The staff were friendly and helpful. The hotels location made it easy for us to walk to all the typical tourist sights. Taxis are readily available and there are bus stops just down the street from the hotel entrance. This is a place I will return to. No question.	
Dec 8 2004	Well Above 5 stars!	My mother and I stayed at the Renaissance London Chancery Court this past summer, in June 2004. Being a former hotel manager for a 5 star american hotel chain, I find most hotels usually fall short of appealing, and rarely do I enjoy a stay at hotel and leave without a complaint. Not the case here!!! The room was spacious, CLEAN, and extremely comfortable. This is a room you would be able to walk around barefoot in, and not be searching for your slippers due to the dirt. The concierge staff was most helpful, providing information without the awkward anticipation of a tip. Evening cocktails in the hotel's lounge was an added treat, with drinks lavishly prepared and presented with a great assortment of cocktail snacks at no additional charge. Additionally appealing was this hotel's location, less than a block to the subway and walking distance to a grocery store, postoffice, and the theatre district. Recommendations: a great hotel if you want to relax, take in a show, sight-see, and most importantly, blend into the surroundings and really experience London as a Londoner, not a tourist.	
Dec 5 2004	Can't get better than this!!!	This was one of the finest hotels we've had the pleasure of staying in during our world travels. Aside from it being our honeymoon and having the opportunity to stay in the Lord Chancery Suite which was STUNNING, the hotel's location, staff, restaurant, and overall experience was nothing short of excellent. The hotel is within walking distance of SOHO, Bloomsbury, Covent Garden, and many of the West End Theatres! Be sure to book your room with breakfast included...otherwise dining there will be very costly! For 121 pounds we were very lucky to find this hotel--in large part thanks to Tripadvisor's reviews! Enjoy your vacation!!! Oh yes, do not waste time seeing the show--Jerry Sprenger the Opera---it's just as bad as the tv garbage. Try for &quot;One Flew Over&quot; with Christian Slater if it's before January. Cheers!!!	
Nov 22 2004	Wonderful Place to Stay	This is one of the finest hotels that I have ever had the pleasure of staying at. From the time we arrived until the time we departed we were treated royally and felt like it. We had a room on the club floor and access to the club. The breakfast there was simply wonderful. In the evening the snacks were nothing great but the desserts were fantastic. The location could not be better if you arrive at Heathrow since you can catch the tube to within one block of the hotel. We have stayed there three times so far and plan to stay there on our next London trip.	
Nov 22 2004 	Michelin star standard food at Pearl Restaurant	We stayed just for one night on 17th November simply because it is TripAdvisors No 1 London hotel at the moment.Whilst the staff and rooms were as good as the other reviewers indicate the highlight for us was the exceptional quality of the food in the Pearl Restaurant.Having no previous indication that the restaurant was anything special we first tried to get a table at a number of other restaurants but without success.We then reconciled ourselves to eating in the hotel and booked a table. It is a good thing that we did because if we had just wandered down to look at the menu we would have gone somewhere else.Neither my wife nor I could find anything on the menu that attracted us. In fact, later on, another couple came and sat at the next table, looked at the menu for 20 minutes and then left!We eventually made some 'least worse' choices and waited. Well, what a surprise. For beginning to end each course was absolutely exceptional. We have eaten in many Michelin starred restaurants around the world and this was, if not the best, then at least in the top 5. On the downsides the dining room is not as intimate as we would have liked, a bit too clinical and rather like a big hotel lobby. A piano player who thankfully avoided 'musak' eventually became rather too loud and too high tempo as the evening wore on which prevented any sense of a relaxing time. It is very difficult to say why the printed menu appeared so unappealing, maybe the chef and management could check this out with some other customers and make some changes?We'll be going back to eat there the next time we are in London and before the addition of a Michelin star has an upward effect on the very reasonable prices.	
Nov 20 2004	Fantastic stay	The hotel was beautiful and really made a wonderful weekend even better. Our room was spacious and clean and the food was of a supreme quality.	
Oct 31 2004	Do it!!	First Class hotel!Not too far off the beaten track. Undergound station 100 metres from hotel entrance. Theatreland 10 minute walk.Rooms spacious. Public areas impressive. Bar great.Staff very professional, even try to remember your name and very apologetic when they forget.Indulge yourself with breakfast in your room. It is amazing the amount of food that arrives. We didn't eat again until the evening!!Lovely experience. Try it, even if it's to see how the other half live!!	
Oct 29 2004	Top your stay in London with breakfast in bed!	It's all been said before, this is a great place to stay. My wife and I spent the Oct 2 weekend in London and staying at the Chancery Court was a pleasure. The room was spacious and extremely comfortable. The staff very helpful, not one request was met with anything but courteous service.In short, book this hotel. I also recommend you use your CAA/AAA card as it will get you a fabulous complementary English breakfast. Pay the service charge to have it brough to your room. I may very well be the best breakfast in bed you've ever had.	
Oct 27 2004 	Luxury in London	Fabulous hotel.Rooms gorgeous.Public areas luxurious.Guests' bar serves the best (very) late night cocktails (and the best breakfasts the morning after).Stay here if you are feeling rich (and if not, hey, that's what VISA was invented for!)5 star ++	
Oct 27 2004	This Is A Great Hotel	This was a truly beautiful hotel and we would definitely stay there again. The public rooms were beautiful and the service was impeccable and accommodating. The room was wonderful and seemed brand new. It had an extremely comfortable bed, nice desk and work area and lovely marble and granite bathroom with a great shower. The enormous buffet breakfast, which was included in our rate, was delicious. The hotel is about 2 minutes from the subway station and about a 10 minute walk from Covent Garden and other sites. While it is a little off the beaten path, the quality of the room, the service and the very fair price (especially for London) made it definitely worth it.	
Oct 24 2004	Wonderful place	We recently spent our 10 year wedding anniversary here for 5 days and had a great stay. Everything already written in other reviews is true, this is a beautiful, quiet, convenient, and SERVICE ORIENTED place to stay where you are treated like royalty. The spa and concierge level were great, good room service food too, and the individual flat screen televisions attached to each piece of gym equipment is a nice touch as well. My wife typically does not adjust to sleeping well in a hotel for a couple of nights, but no such problems here. Comfortable bed, pillows, and wonderful bathrooms. Turn down service was great as well.Not much to see with outside room, so I would request an inner room facing the Hotel inner court. The only hang up we had was that we brought $200 worth of Marriott bucks that we planned on using and the front desk acted like they had never heard of these and, after lengthy discussions with the front desk supervisor, initially told us we could not use them. However, I persuaded them to carefully read the instructions on the back and then next day we got a call saying these were acceptable. Keep in mind though, that the hotel's exchange rate is a total rip off, as we were given a rate of 2.2 British pounds per US dollar vs. the going rate of 1.78. Despite the misunderstanding, they were very polite and apologetic and were mostly concerned that this snafu didn't ruin our stay.Upon arriving back in the U.S. and having to deal with several airline ticket agents, we quickly longed for the high level of courtesy, politeness, and customer orientation that the folks at the Renaissance showed us during our stay. They just get it.	
Oct 22 2004	Best hotel ever visited!!	In a word --- breathtaking! As the taxi pulls into the courtyard, you are escorted out of the car by a doorman in a top hat and tails. Needless to say, we were in awe. The room was plush. We had a room on the conceirge level, and the food they had in the club room was great. It wasn't the simple snack fare. The breakfast was a full, hot breakfast and the pre-dinner buffet was filling. I would definitely return. We were around the corner from the metro and within walking distance of the West End/theatre district. If you're flying out of Gatwick, beware, because it's more than an hour away. We paid 100 pounds to the taxi driver for the ride to the airport. Ouch!! Much closer to Heathrow, we were flew in from Paris.	
Oct 13 2004	Incredible Value!	Our three days (Oct 8-11, 2004) could not have been more perfect. The rooms are spacious (ours was certainly comparable in size to an American hotel), spotless, luxurious, quiet, and cozy, with every amenity. Our 150 pound room rate (plus VAT) included an excellent buffet breakfast for two, available from 7 to noon each day. Service was friendly and fast, with our every wish catered to. It's all been said in the previous reviews: convenient tube access (Picadilly and Central lines) just around the corner, walking distance to Covent Garden, theatreland, British Museum, Trafalgar Square, and other sites, large marble bathrooms, minibar, high speed internet access (additional 15 pounds per day), accomodating staff, spotlessly clean, etc. Highly recommended.	
Oct 12 2004	Very luxurious base for our first London Trip.	My wife and I stayed here on Marriott points. A real relief since London is a brutally expensive city for the American dollar.Location: Half block from the Holborn station on the Picadilly line made it very convenient to get around. Hotel is on a bustling street with numerous shops and cafes.Hotel: Hotel was really well appointed. Staff is very pleasant and helpful. The beds (which are usually not anything special for Marriott properties) were heavenly here. Only downside was the fitness center - no hot tub, pool or sauna. I think you have to pay for the spa pass to get these.For Marriott platinum members: I was treated to a room on the club floor which was surprisingly spacious. If you are an elite member also, your in for a real treat at the concierge lounge - continental breakfast included 3 types of smoked salmon, 6 types of cheeses, 5 types of cold cuts and a great assortment of pastries in addition to the usual cereal, fruit, yogurt, etc. In the afternoons and night time they serve chocolate cake, creme brulee, rasbery mousse, etc.Early evening brings some hot snacks.Tip for Buckingham Palace, Changing of the Guards: You should get a spot along the fence facing the palace otherwise you'll waste your time with the other hundreds of people who wait along the roadside for the 30 second march by of the guards. Being on the very side aong the fence is better than being 5 rows back in the center - can't see squat.	
Oct 8 2004	Outstanding hotel impeccable service	My wife and I stayed from October 2-5, 2004. The staff was exceptional and repeatedly took steps to ensure our full comfort and enjoyment. The property and room were immaculate. The building is historic, unique, and architecturally appealing. We found the location to be perfect; a short walk to Covent Garden, the British Museum, the theater district, and Leicester Square. The Holborn tube station, only steps from the hotel entrance, gives access to two lines which take you to nearly all prominent tourist destinations. I recommend this hotel without any qualification whatsoever.	
Oct 5 2004	It's all been said before	It's all been said before: It doesn't get much better than this. We rented two rooms for four nights at this hotel in late June. My wife and I stayed in one, and our teenage daughters in the other. Although we travel quite a bit with our children, they thought they died and went to heaven: &quot;The best hotel we've ever stayed in.&quot; We've stayed here once before and both times the rooms were immaculate, the service first rate, and the environment subtle and deluxe. I suppose you could find a better location. But the Holburn tube is nearby and the hotel can't be beat.	
Oct 4 2004	Great posh hotel in top notch location	I stayed here in December 2003 and had a wonderful time. Everyone there was extremely helpful. I stayed in there lowest end room but it was very nice. Wonderful bedding, great bathroom and all the amenities you would expect from a hotel of its class. Right around the corner from the tube (Holborn). Room was very quiet, could not hear the outside world at all. Highly recommend it if you can afford it.	
Sep 14 2004	Great Hotel! Great Location!	We've just returned from our first-ever trip to London. Based on the reviews of this hotel on Trip Advisor, we chose the Renaissance London Chancery Court hotel. We were not disappointed. Our room was well-appointed and spacious. Our package included a full english breakfast daily and one high tea. There is a breakfast buffet, and breakfast served in the restaurant. We tried both and liked the buffet the best. Although they had pretty much the same items every day, there was enough of a variety that you could have something different each morning. Our room had everything we could ever need; mini-fridge, hair dryer, coffee maker, (although the coffee was instant), which was just a hot water maker, very nice sitting area with desk, sofa, chairs and tv, iron and board and marble bathroom. The staff is outstanding! They are friendly and very helpful. The toblerone and apples on the front desk are a welcome treat for a quick snack. The location is superb. It's less than a 5 minute walk to the Holborn tube. It's about a 10 minute walk to Covent Garden. There are many shops on High Holborn incl. coffee shops, news stands, drugstore,etc. We will definitely be back to London and when we do, we will stay at this hotel.	
Aug 29 2004	Beautiful Hotel!	Thanks to tripadvisor, I found this great hotel. Everything is terrific, including the friendly staff. Beatuiful lobby and room was like new.	
Aug 5 2004	Fantastic room (esp the shower)	We loved this hotel. The first room we were given was fine, but had a strange window up on a landing, and no view. When the neighbors started partying noisily next door, we asked to switch to the 6th floor (we had asked for this floor initially but were told there was nothing available - hmmm...). That room was also fantastic - spacious; wonderful bed; desk with highspeed internet; beautiful marble bath with a fantastic American-style shower. The only disappointment was the new restaurant Pearl: it had gotten rave reviews so we were excited about going, however, dinner took THREE hours, with really long waits between courses; as far as we could tell, what was supposedly an a la carte menu was actually prix fixe; and when they came by with a cheese tray, we just assumed (maybe naively) that this was a complimentary extra (like the amuse bouche), only to find 16 pounds added onto the bill! we were too tired to complain at that point, having been there so long. And to top it all off, the food just was not worth it. Extremely expensive. Would certainly return to the hotel, but not the restaurant. Loved the bar!	
Jul 19 2004	Great hotel	Spent the last few nights of a great European vacation at the Renaissance and really enjoyed it. It was a bit of a rough start because I had reserved my room through my work's travel agency and had only a reservation for 1 when I needed 2 beds for 3 adults. After a bit of a &quot;scolding&quot;, I was given a very spacious room that fit us all. The location is near lots of pubs and restaurants and the tube stop is extremely convenient. From Heathrow, you can get on the Picadilly line, get off at the Holborn station and walk half a block to the hotel (it's a 45-50 minute ride compared to the Heathrow Express, but its relatively easy to find a seat on the train and there's space for luggage). Warning: there are about 10 steps to get to street level (rest is escalators). Afternoon tea was nice and with a good rate of 150 pounds, was a nice deal in an expensive city!	
Jul 14 2004	Loved the Chancery Court	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for four days at the end of a very busy tour of Italy. We found this beautiful architectural hotel to be in a very good area for sight seeing. The staff were so attentive and warm. The room was outstanding and the turn down service was worth the price of admission. We enjoyed our meals in the lobby and were delighted with our stay - wouldn't even consider staying anywhere else.	
Jul 10 2004	Felt like royalty	Myself &amp; five friends (one of whom was celebrating her 30th birthday) stayed here June 26th for one night. We were amazed. Got there very early 9.15am just expecting to drop our bags off as check-in was much later - but no -not a problem - 3 rooms found, the lady was lovely,Each room was slightly different in layout - all superb - beautiful bathrooms - like the massage shower head!!!!!Had requested flowers in one of the rooms - went out, came back - beautiful bouquet sitting - unbelievable service.Doorman put up with requests for best nightclub - we rolled in at 4.00am ish he was still smiling.Please stay here if visiting London - 5mins walk to Covent Garden, beautiful cobbled courtyard, very friendly staff - what more do you want!!!	
Jul 3 2004	Thank you!	Thanks to the previous reviews here I booked this hotel for a three night stay. Definitely met my expectations. Beautiful hotel; excellent service; and convenient location. I will definitely stay here on my next trip to London.	
Jun 30 2004	Top Notch	I stayed at this hotel for one week and every minute was absolutely heavenly. Wonderful service, fabulous amenities such as spa and gym. The staff was the friendliest and most accomodating I have come across (and I do an enormous amount of travel). The furnishing were modern and fresh. The lounge was chock full of delicious gourmet goodies morning, noon, and night. The hotel is fabulously located just around the corner from the underground, however, you could just as easily walk to the British Museum or Oxford street. Also, no more than 10 or 15 minutes walk from wide array of restaurants, bars, and nightclubs in Soho. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
May 30 2004	Loved This Classy Hotel	Impeccable service! You won't fine an ounce of arrogance with this refined staff. We had a deluxe room that looked more like a suite! The only slight downfall at the time was that they only had one lift (elevator) operating during our stay. Other than that, we just loved this place and the English breakfast (included in the price) was the perfect ending to a wonderful stay. We will definitely return to this classy hotel the next time we're in London!	
May 27 2004	Love it	this is my favorite hotel in london. always superb.	
May 22 2004 	Sublime.... each time!	I'm Gold Marriott Rewards and so is my husband. We have stayed here two times, now. Once last month and once in Dec 2002. This place is a TRUE 5-star refuge in London! London hotels are a bit dodgey, but this one is a sure thing! Absolutely perfect rooms. Perfectly clean, perfectly decorated with luxurious bedding, drapes, towels and sheets. Evening turn-down service places a starched and ironed snow-white mat down on each side of your bed for you to step on in the middle of the night...so that you don't have to put your bare feet against the possibly (highly doubtful) dirty berber carpet! There is a built-in vanity with granite counters in the bedroom, ethernet connections (fast, too!), gorgeous bathrooms in granite. Above all, the service at this hotel is remarkable. The location is good, too. Although at first glance it may seem like there's not much around, but there is. Just walk a couple blocks down High Holborn until it splits into Oxford. On the right is a fabulous deli and the British Museum just down the street! Or, head down High Holborn toward Holborn station (1/2 block from hotel) and there are many restaurants on Kingway.	
Apr 19 2004	Absolutely Wonderful English Charm	This hotel was fabulous, not only was the location wonderful but the attention to detail was excellent. It does cost a little more than many other London hotels, albiet they are all VERY VERY expensive but this one will NOT LET YOU DOWN. We stayed here in March for a week and the weather was unusually warm and sunny so it made for a spectacular week. The breakfast which is included in some rates is a wonderful way to start off your day...many good things to eat like eggs, cereal, fresh fruits, bagels, bread, yogurt etc. Also, the bar/lounge at night is a great way to relax before heading upstairs. It is where we found our favorite drink ever, the FRENCH MARTINI, which we then renamed the LIBERTY MARTINI when we got back to the US. They mix divine drinks and have a great amount of munchies to keep you muching and drinking lots. I loved the hotel, the room was very spacious by London terms. If I could afford this hotel again I would definately stay there.Lovely without being too snotty.	
Apr 16 2004	Near perfect hospitality	My wife and I flew to meet our son in London, who while on his European post graduate sabatical had experienced a brush with fate, having travelled on the the train arriving just behind one that was bombed in Madrid. Needless to say, he was happy to see a friendly face, as he met us just after we checked in to the Chancery Court Hotel in the early morning of March 26th. The hotel had cheerfully granted our request for a very early check in at about 9:30am. The entrance through a grand gated courtyard with attendents ever so polite and willing to be of assistance was a great start to a magical stay at this fine hotel. Our requested corner room with two queen size beds was quite large for a London property and had a large elegantly framed picture window overlooking the neighborhood and historic churches of the area. The front desk staff, especially a young fellow by the name of Mike could not have been more accomodating. Every wish was granted with a smile, even my request to receive an extra unplanned night's stay at an already very low AAA rate of 121 pounds. The rest of the staff was equally as polished and the room and amenities were top drawer, although not quite up to the best of the American five star standards. Location was excellent just down the walk from a major tube station and no more than 10 minutes from major sights. All in all, the hotel exceeded our expectations and was the perfect headquarters for the start of our journey through Great Britain. We will definitley stay there again the next time we come to London!	
Mar 4 2004	Outstanding--a Palace!	All previous reviews singing high praises about this hotel were absolutely correct. After staying in a sub-par hotel the previous three nights (Feb 04), the London Chancery Court Hotel was like a palace! It is a true 5 star. The room was spacious with two double beds, a spectacular marble bathroom with huge shower and tub. Maid service was twice a day. Everything was immaculate, especially the bedding. We easily had four of us (family) stay in the room. The breakfast (part of our rate for two adults) was excellent. The front desk and conceirge were extremely professional. The only negative thing I can think of was that the bed was firm (not hard, but firm), which seems to be typical in the UK. If we go to London again, I would definitely stay here. Our rate was 150 pounds, which is good for Central London.	
Feb 7 2004	Excellent property overall above average	Would agree with other reviews of property. Excellent 5 star hotel and couldn't beat the value, expecially over the weekend. Staff seemed very helpful. Am a Silver Marriott Rewards member and expected an upgrade in room from a regular room to executive level or similar as clearly the hotel was not close to full. Beware, some rooms don't have much of a view unless you like a brick courtyard storage area. Was also dissapointed in the quality of food in the lounge dining room. Seemed overpriced as well. In the end, the property was well worth it and would consider returning, but only if a nicer appointed room was guaranteed.	
Jan 25 2004	A perfect stay at a great rate		
Jan 22 2004	Fantastic and Five-Star Fabulousness		
Jan 19 2004	Classy hotel at a good price		
Nov 26 2003	Highly Recommended		
Sep 2 2003	Amazing Hotel		
Aug 10 2003	Wow!		
Jul 9 2003	best for business travel		
Jun 28 2003	Truly the best hotel in London.		
May 1 2003	Gorgeous Hotel		
Jan 15 2003	Marble Everywhere		
Nov 4 2009 	Exceptionnel		
Aug 25 2009 	????????		
Aug 14 2009 	?????????		
Mar 22 2009 	estancia perfecta		
Feb 11 2009 	Semplicemente perfetto!		
Feb 6 2009 	superbe et bien placé		
Nov 12 2008 	Très bon hotel		
Jul 16 2008 	très bon hotel mais service (pour partie) catastrophique		
Mar 12 2008 	Sehr enttäuschend		
Dec 25 2007 	Hôtel superbe		
Sep 27 2007	un desastre! jamás volveré a un Marriot		
Apr 15 2006	estupendo hotel		
