	Avoid Avoid Avoid	Stayed at this travelodge for 1 night 27/11. Tried to chek in at 1pm to be told check in is 3pm and there is nowhere to store your baggage unless you pay £10 early check in charge which i paid as had no alternative. On our return to our room at midnight after seeing a show we were settling down to sleep to find a Mouse on the edge of the sofa bed. We were eventually moved rooms and did have some money refunded the next morning. The hotel is disgusting, please everyone avoid at all costs ! We were told by the manager the mice are an ongoing problem due to building work and pest control have attended and thought the problem was sorted. Obviously not !	
Nov 23 2009	Try somewhere else	I booked this hotel for a large group for a weekend, We arrived to find out that they wouldn't store our luggage, after about 10 minutes of trying to get some help from them, they told us that we should take our bags to the Station (£8 per bag) - we had to do this! More examples......*) In the family rooms they didn't give enough breakfast vouchers and it took a request to speak to the manager to finally get the correct amount.*) In the evening after watching a show I wasn't able to get into my room as the keys didn't work and I didn't have any ID on me.*) Not enough towels in the rooms etc etc etcRooms were ok, the bathrooms were dampThe floors were being washed with the dirtest bucket of water i've seen in a while.It may have been cheap but you can get the Premier Inn etc for the same kind of price and thats where we shall be staying for next years stay	
Nov 21 2009 	Don't let a good location fool you in to thinking this is a good hotel!	woken at 3am management did nothing to stop a crowd of people screaming and drinking in the hall.Accidently pulled the disabled emergency cord in the room adn it took 20 mins for anyone to turn up, lucky it was an accident and not for real!Business friendly hotel with no Iron to loan out, get real!Very strange and disturbing smell in all hallways.Poor breakfast.Shocking for £100+	
Nov 17 2009 	Lift STILL out of action more than a year on!	A pretty typical Travelodge, worth booking if you can get a very cheap deal, but certainly not worth the full rate.For anyone who's been following the broken lift saga, you might want to know that it was out of action yet again for the whole of last weekend - with a notice put up (see photo) apologising, but pointing out that there's been a warning on the website for more than a year. Does it really take that long to fix a lift? No joke if you're having to walk up 6 floors.There's noise from the trains, as others have pointed out, and there's a warning on the website about noise from the building site next door. The room wasn't filthy, but could certainly have been cleaner - I can just about live with someone else's toe nail, but nasal secretions on two of the walls really should have been dealt with!The LCD television works fine, though it's difficult to see why Freeview channels aren't provided - they are free, after all. And why no Radio 4?The bathroom was fine, if a little damaged and mildewy. The fixed shower head is hopeless, though, particularly for women and people with children.As always, the window won't open beyond a few centimetres, and it would make the room unbearably hot in the summer, or even the spring and autumn. I know it's supposed to be a health and safety issue, but how would anyone get out in the event of a fire?In summary, it's a Travelodge. Good value if you can book a cheap room in advance, but you have to be prepared to accept the limitations. I think the non-opening windows are a serious risk to life, though.	
Oct 27 2009 	Another Good Stay	This is my second review for this Travelodge. I booked this room for £19 when they had the sale on in April. This time i took the family so had the family room. Check in was a breeze, the room and sheets were clean. We had a first floor room so can't comment on the lift as we used the stairs. If i had to be negative there were 3 cups in the room for 4 of us, we only had one pillow each and the stairwell smelled as if someone had thrown up in it recently (can't blame them for their guests antics ). Didn't use the cafe on site as we walked to mcdonalds for breakfast at Liv st station (5 mins away). I'd go back again for the right price as it meets all your basic needs.	
Oct 15 2009 	Reasonable budget hotel in good location	You will be pleased to know that the lift has now been fixed! Not bad for a budget hotel in London. Reasonably priced for London at £85 (92 euros, $137 US) for a double room. There was a mild damp smell, but not too all-pervading and the staff seemed to occasionally spray fragrance to get rid of it. The receptionist was friendly and efficient and the room was clean. I was in room 615 on a Thursday night in October 2009. There was no telephone in the room, but there was an electric kettle, coffee, tea, milk (Milk Maid “tastes like fresh milk”). The bathroom had a shower (no bath), no plug in the sink, and a small bar of soap was provided. The television had the 4 main terrestrial channels, BBC1, BBC2, ITV, Channel 4, but no Channel 5. Close to local food shops, cafes, pubs and bars.	
Oct 10 2009 	£40 - Great Value and location	I spent 1 night at this travelodge. All the usual stuff. Very good on reception. Chose a family room which was hugeGreat location for city sightseeing or business very close to Liverpool Street. Plenty of shops and eateries close byQuiet and comfyDef stay again for an overnight Make sure you take all of your own toiletries	
Oct 7 2009 	Grand spot - hotel little run down though	This is very central hotel, very near liverpool street station. Little hard to find and next to some social housing area. The hotel is relatively new but does not appear to have been kept in great condition. Lift was broken and odd smells around. The rooms are very very basic and do the job ok. They are clean but show signs of age and wear. Generally not much specifically wrong but could be better.	
Oct 7 2009 	Cheap But You Get What you Pay For Here!	I have stayed at Travelodges before so I knew what to expect, but this didn't even meet any of them. Arrived earlier than the 3:00pm check-in so wasn't expecting to have a room but was told we couldn't leave our luggage any where unless we paid £10 for early check-in, which we had to do as we weren't likely to return until late at night. When we got to the room it was very bare with no pictures on the walls, the carpets were dirty and the room had a musty smell. The bathroom was no better, the shower was dirty and I didn't need one of those ultra-violet lights to see the dirt on the toilet seat and bowl, as you could see the streaks all over it. We wont be staying here here again!	
Oct 1 2009 	Cheap nice location	It was Cheap and in a good location although the hotel itself smelt quite stale. like it hadnt been cleaned in a while or it was cleaned with dirty equiptment.	
Sep 29 2009 	Excellent Value!	I have just returned from a 2 night stay in Travelodge Liverpool Street in London. After reading some of the reviews on here, I was a bit nervous about my stay. How wrong I was. From the minute we arrived to the time we left, we had a very enjoyable stay.The staff were great, not intrusive, but helpful when you needed them. Check in took less than 2 minutes, and of course the lift was out of order and we got a room on the top floor! But, the advantage of this is it put me off going for a cigarette once i went to my room!The room was very clean, as was the bathroom. There was a flatscreen t.v , with decent channels too! The bed was very comfortable and although the room got a bit warm at night, you just kck off the duvet and hey presto! you cool down! I think that this is a simple hotel for people looking for a cheap comfortable stay in London. It's pretty central, less than a 10 minute walk to London Bridge, and Liverpool Street Station is a 2 minute walk and you can get anywhere from there!Don't let the cheap price put you off!! This is a great hotel!!	
Sep 18 2009 	ONLY AS A LAST RESORT!	We are used to Travelodge and usually know what to expect - basic but clean, with pleasant staff. Hmm....this Travelodge did not live up to expectations. It was very smelly (damp, dirt, cigarettes), it was quite run down and the staff not very bothered. On our arrival the lift was broken so we were moved to a room on a lower floor which was nice but on heading up the stairs were greeted with dirty linen being thrown down the stairwell be cleaning staff!!! Anyway, the room was ok. Again, quite run down. The area is a bit scary. I wouldn't have wanted to be out alone. It was probably only just worth the £19 we paid for the one night and I would only go back if there was no-where else to stay in London!	
Sep 15 2009 	Not as good as some other London Travelodges	I've stayed in a few London Travelodges - Covent Garden, Marylebone and two near Kings Cross - and this is the one I'm least likely to return to. It's easy enough to get to, but situated in dark, quiet streets just off Petticoat Lane - not the best area to wander around at night. The corridor smelt strongly of damp, there was litter in the lift in the morning, the room was a bit worn looking in places and the bathroom smelt of cigarette smoke. Not all of that is the hotel's fault though, and we only paid £19 for a surprisingly quiet double room which was terrific value.	
Sep 10 2009 	Very disappointing!	Have used Travelodge a lot in recent years because you know what to expect - nothing fancy, but clean and comfortable. However, this one failed to live up to expectations. As other reviewers have said, the lift was out of order (and we were on the 5th floor); My husband and I had to share a towel the first night as there had been a problem with the delivery - new towels didn't arrive until the next day; Room very hot - so we had to leave the window open - which meant that we were woken at 5am both mornings by lorries outside the window and the sound of trolleys being loaded/unloaded. I don't think this was from the building works - but maybe it was the towels being delivered! We paid extra for breakfast and evening meal. Whilst there was a good selection (and quantity) of food for breakfast, the 'hot' food was left standing under heat lamps and was lukewarm at best. However, the main problem was with the evening meal. The first evening there was no one around to take our order. My husband went down to reception and eventually someone came up to take the order. We couldn't have what we wanted because the fryer was broken - so we opted for Steak &amp; Ale Pie. Fine - except there were no peas and no alternative veg - so we just had pie &amp; mash. I ordered Banoffee pie for pudding. When it arrived it was frozen solid. I took it back to the kitchen and complained (nicely|) that it had not been defrosted. I was told it was meant to be like that and that was how they were trained to serve it.. and they offered me a knife to cut it with!! The second night the menu was reduced even further to either pizza or curry! I wouldn't have bothered booking the meals had I known - they definitely were not value for money. The final straw was cold water on the last morning of our stay because the boiler had broken.Whilst you could say that the hotel staff can't help it if things break down -and if it was only one thing at a time it would be bearable - it didn't appear that a great deal of effort was going into resolving the issues. As someone else said, maintenance doesn't seem to be high on the list of priorities.	
Sep 1 2009 	You get what you pay for!	When I arrived the first day there was a notice up saying the lift was broken. I didnt mind, I was aware from other reviews that it never worked!Woke up second day to see a notice saying that due to an accident there was a shortage of linen and towels for that day, but more would arrive later - and they did.Third day, yet another notice, this time saying that the hot water was broken and would be fixed shortly, if not we would be moved to another hotel - Thankfully it was fixed!Also, when we decided to try the restaurant, they had no food, except for curries!And the rooms were roasting, the window was kept open all week and the quilt was abandoned, using just a sheet instead!But these things didnt bother me or spoil the trip.. I just thought they were hilarrious!The staff were friendly, rooms were clean and food was good. Also, its really close to Liverpool St Station!And that's what matters... Right?	
Aug 25 2009 	An Underated Location; usual Travelodge (sub) standards	Right - I dislike Travelodge as some of you may know but I really couldn't complain about this one for £29 for the night (Sunday). I chose it because it is only a 20 minute night bus from Vauxhall (I was going clubbing) and it is dead close to Liverpool Street Station - on the Central line and just a couple of stops on the West End. It is literally a two minutes walk away from the station in a quiet street.It is also close to the gateway to the East End - Shoreditch, Brick Lane, Hoxton. Shabby chic personified just a stroll away.The hotel is as unpredictable as all the other Travelodges I've been to. The lift was out of order and there were several panes of smashed glass in public areas. In my rooom there was a huge dent where door had slammed open and there was a bedside cabinet missing with only the drill holes to show for it. None of this really bothered me but I'd expect more if I had paid more. That said the room was clean and quiet and had a flat screen telly and there was an occasional mechanical chugging noise but then I always carry ear plugs with me....as some of you may know already ;-)	
Aug 25 2009 	Would not stay again...	This travelodge is in a great location for tube stations and walking distance to most places...but it is situated down a dodgy looking lane from Bishopsgate, it seemed harmless enough after a few days of knowing where we were.The actual hotel itself was a disgrace though. We arrived at 2 am to no one on the reception desk (there never was anyone there unless you pressed the bell, and on one occasion the reception girl was very annoyed that we uncovered the bell, which she'd hid with a sign!) Anyway, we were told that we were on the 5th floor and that the lift was out of order, we asked for another room on a lower floor because I have asthma and was told no. After climbing the stairway, which was smelly and damp with cracked windows, all we wanted to do was sleep. Which we couldn't do because the building had no air conditioning at all and it was boiling. At 7:45 am we were awaken to the sound of the building works right outside our window, which no one had mentioned. This went on for the four days we were there. I tried to close the window for some peace and quiet to get my head together, but there was no handle on the window. When we woke up properly and had a good look around I was horrified. There were stains on the carpet (do not walk in bare feet!) spilt coffee or whatever on the walls, cigarette butts in the window frame, our quilt cover was torn, the lamps on either side of the bed were stained and thick with dust, one of the coffee cups was cracked, the bathroom tap was loose and dirty and every time the toilet was flushed upstairs there was a fowl smell coming from our toilet. There is no hair dryer or iron in any of the rooms, but if you ask for them at reception you will get one IF they are available and you have to give it back straight away due to the small amount they have. So to have a shower and dry my hair I had to run down five flights of stairs and back, get ready then run down five flights of stairs again. I complained about the lift and asked when the engineer would be out to fix it, I was told &quot;it doesn't look likely it'll be any time soon&quot;. On our third day there we came back to our room and no one had been in to empty the bins or give us fresh towels, although we had passed the cleaners earlier that day, who had left piles of dirty laundry lying on the corridor floor. I wasn't running down the stairs to complain, I just wanted to sleep. Not that the reception staff would have helped, they were the most unfriendly people I have ever met. When we were checking out the man on the desk was dealing with someone else and asked if we were checking out, I said yes to which he replied &quot;just leave your key there then&quot; and continued with his conversation. No goodbye or thank you. I know Travelodge is a budget hotel and you pay for what you get, but all I was expecting was a clean and working room and to be treated well. It doesn't cost much for cleanliness and to teach their staff about customer service.I have since emailed Travelodge to complain and explained everything that happened. Their response was that they have sent my complaint to the hotels manager and that he/she will be in touch personally. Will wait and see if I hear anything at all.	
Aug 24 2009 	good value for money	Yes this little travelodge is not luxious but what do you expect for the money, however it was very clean and tidy. the staff were very helpful and polite.The breakfast was excellent value..the teenagers paid several visits to the breakfast bar!! It is in a good location foe visiting the city with excellent amnetites nearby..including a post office as part of the building, lots of bars nearby and backs onto Petticoat Lane and 10 minutes walk (if that ) from Old Spitalfields market. Yes there was a little noise from the tube station at Aldgate but you only heard this late at night because everywhere else was so quiet. This is a good base for the city and yes we would stop again.	
Aug 14 2009 	A very noisy hotel	We went there to celebrate my daughters birthday, and although the travelodge was very close to the tube station and a tesco, it was very shabby and noisy. Our two rooms backed onto the stairs, and all night we could hear people going up and down the stairs. The rooms were also very hot, and there was very few fans. The windows would only open about 6 inches too. In the morning we were woken up early to hear the sound of lorries and gates. Also the lock on our bathroom door would not lock, and the lift didn't work as well. The hotel was amazing for getting around, but it was just not up to scratch.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great location and great value	Stayed at the end of July 2009 for 4 nights in a family room on the 6th floor. The room was clean and spacious. The bathroom was also clean and adequate for our needs. There was building work going on in the surrounding area (which obviously the Travelodge does not have any control over). This started very early in the morning, but did not impact too much on our stay. All the staff were most courteous and we were able to check in promptly at 3pm. Great value for the £19 per night - could not have asked for better value.The hotel is in a great position close to Liverpool St station, but situated off a quiet square. We went to a couple of shows and came back late at night, but there was no problem as the businesses surrounding the hotel had nightwatchmen, so we did not feel vulnerable walking in the dark. There are plenty of food outlets a short (approx 3-5 mins) walk away and a Tesco metro opposite the station. We bought cereal and milk from here to eat in the room for breakfast. I can also recommend the Slug and Lettuce (virtually opposite) for a meal (50% off all food on a Monday night). All in all a good travelodge if you want to be close to all the London sights and very handy for the underground.	
Aug 11 2009 	Shabby room high noise levels and lift out of order	Have stayed in Travelodge hotels previously and they have always been clean and tidy and this one although quite clean was very shabby, dirty carpet, pictures missing from wall and missing plaster from wall. It seems maintenance is not a priority in this hotel. There were very high noise levels throughout the night, people coming and going, chains and gates rattling from neighbouring buildings and the underground could be heard and felt even though we were on the top floor. For the 3 days we stayed here the lift was out of order, we did not return much as we had 6 flights of stairs to contend with and couldn't be moved as we had a family room of which there were only 2 available both on the top floor. The only benefit was the location of the hotel which was very close to both Liverpool Street and Aldgate tube stations.	
Aug 6 2009 	Average	It took us forever to get checked in for reasons they didn't give us.The hotel is a good location for the underground, if your wanted to get out and about BUT the down side to it is you can hear the underground through the night which kept me up.	
Jul 21 2009 	Excellent value hotel	We stayed here for 3 nights in march this year and it was perfect for our needs, clean decent sized room's, friendly staff and only 5 min's away from Liverpool street station for your sightseeing trip's.Overall great value hotel in a decent location.	
Jul 11 2009 	Excellant Value and Stay Once Again	Another stay at the Travelodge Liverpool Street. What can I say. Super value, I paid £9 a night for four nights (currently on my 2nd night) and booked an early check in. Got to hotel at Noon, checked in with a very pleasant receptionist and given a nice room on the 5th floor..Very clean and tidy as have all my experiences over the years been at this hotel. Staff friendly and polite at all times. I cant understand why people moan so much about the showers: if you adjust the head the bathroom does not get flooded out...just be sensible. Always plenty of hot water; unlimited tea and coffee if you ask for more at reception. Same with towels; always at least two in the room (plus one spare on shelf in room), howmany does one need?? Whenever I stay in London, usually every 2 months I always stay here if I can get in, the location for both tubes, mainline rail and bus routes is excellant, central but just off the main strip in the city so you generally get a good nights sleep. The hotel cannot be held responsible for the odd drunk in the street..that the same anywhere. If the hotel had air con like the newer lodges in town it would be 100% but you have to remember this is the first and original TL in London, still superb value in my mind, the staff are always very helpful...I always find its the way you speak to people, just remember everyone is human and they all work on the minimum wage..just remember that fact!	
Jul 9 2009 	Purpose built perhaps not the best though.	To start, it was a bit out of the way from the station, not ideal for people on their own arriving late in the evening.On seeing that this hotel was purpose built, I expected it to be a similar quality of the Euston Travelodge, however I was wrong, it wasn't great and was very plain and boring. No art work on any of the walls, very narrow staircases and just simply cold and boring.The room was quite small, more spacious than the Euston one, but not as nice, would have preferred the Euston size for the quality. We saw the bathroom, and I was quite excited that there was a bath, however, it wasn't a bath, it was a 1/2 size bath. I'll draw you an image, me in the bath, torso in the bath, legs up the wall. Not comfortable!!!The service was typical of any Travelodge, so acceptable.. The views were not exciting and the window had a fixed curtain... Overall I found it to be acceptable, but wouldn't stay again. On the plus side the station was quite close, I ran and got a mcdonalds and brought it back for breakfast to eat in the room, it was considerably cheaper than the bowl of cereal they offered in the restaurant!	
Jul 6 2009 	Decent hotel for the price	We stayed at the Travelodge Liverpool Street for 5 nights and overall, found the hotel to be decent. The room was clean, the bed fairly comfortable and it is in a great location to catch the tube. There are several pubs, grocery stores as well as Spittalfield's and Petticoat Market all within walking distance.The staff in general were polite and helpful but 2 we encountered were neither. The shower leaked as there was only a shower curtain to hold in the spray and the shower stall is small and the shower head couldn't be adjusted. The in room wi-fi is a bit pricey (as you can see on their website) but they do have computers in the lobby where you can send off a quick email at 1 pound for 20 mins (apparently this was a special price and it's usually 1 pound for 10 mins). My only real complaint is their booking system which wouldn't allow me to book all nights together and still get their super-saver rate, so I booked our first 3 nights separately and we had to get our key re-programmed every morning. The area was pretty quiet on evenings and weekends but we did get woken up as some guests made their way home around 3 am a few nights.	
Jul 6 2009 	Horrendous ! the hotel was hot smelly 	I booked to stay here with a friend as somewhere to use after going to a concert at Wembley. We paid an extra £10 to check into our room 2 hours early (1pm) our room was located on the 4th floor, we look the lift only to discover the button for the 4th floor didn't work so you had to get off at the 5th floor and walk down. When we arrived on the 4th floor the corridor was full of dirty laundry as the cleaners had left piles of dirty bedlinen and towels outside all the rooms!! this is not something you expect to see at 1pm in the afternoon, the smell was horrendous, also the corridor was really hot as the air con wasn't working. The carpets in the corridors are old and tatty and all the walls are marked from peoples bags, it just looked old and tired. When we arrived at our room it was basic which is what you expect for a Travelodge. My friend inspected the bed and when she pulled back the quilt we could see there was no mattress protector on the bed and stains on the mattress, we pulled the bottom sheet off for a closer inspection only to find the mattress was badly stained with the stain going through to the otherside and on the bedframe ! My friend went back to reception to complain. A member of staff came to inspect the bed and finally agreed to move us. Our next room again was on the 4th floor. This time the room was slightly cooler and thankfully the mattress has a mattress protector on, at this point we decided not to look under the mattress protector!! however we notice that the bottom sheet had a nice big hole in it, thankfully this was located on the side of the mattress rather where we would sleep. In the bathroom we discovered we'd only been given one bath towel and one hand towel between the two of us and the shower cubicle was full of mould. We left our room to head off to Wembley, we called the lift to take us to the ground floor. After returning from the concert in the early hours of Saturday morning, we had to swip our room card at the reception entrance to allow us back into the hotel. As soon as you walked through the reception doors the heat hit you ! we decided to get a snack from the machine in reception a packet of crisps where £1.60 !! When we finally got back to our room we discover that one of the bedside lamps didn't have a bulb in it. My friend was the first one to use the shower in the morning by the time she'd finished the bathroom floor was soaked, so by the time I'd had my shower the bathroom floor was more like a swimming pool ! it was just horrendous we had to put the hand towel on the floor to stand on to clean our teeth. When we checked out a we were asked to rate our stay between 1 and 10 we gave it minus 20 to which she was very shocked. We asked what we need to do to give an formal complaint, she wasn't very forthcoming and said we would receive an email following our stay where we could write our review, we insisted she took our numbers and that the manager should call us. I'm still waiting for the call..	
Jun 26 2009 	Unplesant!	Stayed one evening, first time in Travelodge. Person on front desk was helpful and welcoming, my room was on the second floor. The corridoor carpet was badly soiled and smelled terribly of dampness - I was later told this is due to the fact the bathrooms flood regularly! Room clean but basic as expected, took a very quick shower and bathroom floor was very wet. After going out to dinner returned to find place totally without electricity, power cuts apparently also regular, asked for emergency light to help find way to room. Lift also out of order obviously. Electricity restored about half an hour later, staff were helpful. Next morning room very hot, still no lift, bathroom flooded once again, went for breakfast which was nice but no air con and unbearably hot. Had to carry bags down stairs, heat unbearable and trouser bottoms soaked after collecting things from bathroom floor still soaked.All in all a very unpleasant stay - only positives, comfortable bed, nice breakfast and lovely staff.	
Jun 21 2009 	A brake in London	Picked this hotel as it was central to Liverpool St Station and going on the reviews I got from Trip Adviser, also they were having a sale. I can only say that we enjoyed our stay there. The room was clean the staff were friendly. I will stay there again even having to pay full price.	
Jun 19 2009 	Very good value for a short trip	If you want a great location (5 min walk to Liverpool St Station, where you can take trains, tube and buses) and if you don't mind a good &quot;low-cost&quot; hotel, this can be the one.We were aware we had to bring our own shampoo, bath gel and so on; we knew check-in would be only after 3 pm (but, at the reception, we were kindly informed 2.30 was ok enough); we knew also we had to pay a bit more for breakfast, so we knew what to expect.Breakfast was good (7 ou of 10), all you can eat buffet;The only thing we did not like was the fact they only had 1 set of towels for a double room, so we needed to ask for another set. Considereing pros and cons, i think this hotel is a very good value for a short trip to London, if you travel on a budget.	
Jun 14 2009 	Fantastic value 	The location of this travelodge is brilliant, short walk from both Aldgate and Liverpool Street underground. Also literally one street away from Petticoat Lane Market. Room was spacious, clean &amp; tidy, bathroom was also nice and clean, girls just remember there are no hairdryers in the rooms! Breakfast was good value too. Considering we got the rooms on one of Travelodge's £19 a night offer we couldnt fault it.	
Jun 11 2009 	Good location for underground lousy hotel	I stayed in the Travelodge Liverpool Street for three reasons - price, proximity to the underground, and proximity to a business center where I completed training for three separate days. In respect to all of these aspects, this Travelodge met my needs - it's less than five minutes from Liverpool Street and Aldgate stations by foot. The price was also pretty competitive (I believe we averaged around 100 GBP a night).That being said . . I have some major qualms with staying at this hotel.First of all, I realize you don't go to Central London and expect to pay a small price and get a ton of amenities . . I get that. . however, I think certain things should be expected. For example, they only had one pillow in our room when we got in - and they did not have any more at the front desk, so we had to make due until the second day when more came available. How can a room only have one pillow? I have no idea. . Other things that were problematic and annoying . . no phones in the rooms, no fan or air conditioning, a window that opened to the street that people were using / arguing / partying on all night so it was difficult to sleep, they only cleaned our room one out of the four days we stayed, no soap for the shower, the hallways reeked of mildew and there were some really gross stains on the floor of the room. . .A few minor positives of the hotel worth mentioning: the breakfast was a fairly good deal (7,5 GBP for an all-you-can eat buffet of relatively good quality), the elevators did work (despite their web site stating that they did not) and there are a fair amount of pubs in the area of ranging nationalities, so there are places to eat and drink pretty close. . but expect to need a suit jacket to go to any of these, as this is the financial district of London and tourist clothes really make you stick out!Overall. .I wouldn't stay in this hotel again, but would probably consider staying in this area again. We were a very short tube ride from all of the touristy stuff, the neighborhood felt pretty safe, and the price was right. . but yeah, the hotel was very dirty and seems to have had all of its better years behind it. . We stayed at the Premier Inn at London King's Cross for the last 4 days of our trip, and that was an AMAZING place to stay compared to the Travelodge (and actually cost about the same amount) - I highly recommend you go there instead of here.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great value!!	I was dubious about staying at this travel lodge, partly because of some reviews on here and partly because of previous TL experience! However the hotel was in a good location and the staff very helpful. The room was clean and spacious. Yes it was basic - there are definitely no frills here such as haridryers etc. However so long as you are prepared for this it is fine.We prebooked food in the cafe at £6 a head and whilst it is not the nicest food you will ever eat it is a total bargain and good if you want to eat there.	
May 28 2009 	very good hotel	stayed in with my 4 and 7 yr old and husband very easy to get to from liverpool street station.hotel staff very friendly .. clean, ask for extra pillows and got them. welcoming from cleaners.front desk staff. good security needed your key to access the building and then a 2nd door:) close to a tescos metro and a M+ s and local resturants..downsides , The fryer was out of action so after we ha taken a seat and looked at the menu for 10mins was told No chips and a range of other things not avaiable.:(no vegetarian menu for the english fried breakfast..a vege sausage would have bin nice .. the breakfast set up was a bit crazed. we had a ticket for it and for kids .the first day noone seemed to want it and the 2nd day we were asked for it again and again.the lift was abit mental..floor 4 didnt seem to work..and guess wat floor we were on! ahem 4	
May 14 2009 	MICE!!! Beware!!	Good location, looked a little more clean than some Travelodges I've stayed in but I was woken at 5.00am to a strange sounds coming from the bin. I looked over and found mice in it. Since there are no phones and only a callcentre or a number (no front desk) I simply threw it out the window. Staff the next day were dismissive and wouldn't refund the follwing two nights I had booked. Disgusted.	
May 2 2009 	Good Travelodge	We have stayed in a fair few Travelodges. Some good and some very bad. We thought this one was good. It was usual Travelodge spec but it was clean, well located with two tube stations close by (Liverpool Street and Aldgate) and had a nice bar/breakfast room. Whilst Liverpool street is a nice big station, Aldgate is the closest in walking distance.The girls on reception were very cheerful, polite and helpful. All in all we had a pleasant stay at this hotel which was made even nicer by the fact that we managed to get our room on one of Travelodges promotions for £19.	
Apr 26 2009 	Felt like Fawlty Towers	I don't expect luxury when staying at a Travelodge... but this one was so bad as to be almost comical.When I arrived I was greeted by one solitary distraught-looking employee who seemed to be completely out of his depth. He was struggling with the computer system which he didn't seem to be able to get to work, and when another one of the waiting guests asked him if there was a toilet in the public area (she seemed desperate) he told her he didn't know because (quote) &quot;I don't work here&quot;. (!!!)However, he eventually managed to sort himself out sufficiently to be able to check me in. Walking to the lift I found the ground floor corridor strewn with blood-stained tissues.... perhaps I should have beaten a hasty retreat then but I was TIRED and just wanted to get to bed.But worse was to come... when I got to my room I found the bed was unmade and the bathroom had wet towels on the floor. Clearly the room had not been cleaned.I returned to the reception desk and was duly allocated another room (room 115). .. but when I got to that room I found that it was occupied! When I double-checked my card key wallet I discovered that 115 had been crossed out and 206 had been written above it... but how am I supposed to know these things if no one tells me? I made my way to room 206 which proved acceptable... though only just! There were large cracks in the wash basin and coffee stains on the desk, and the room was very cold when I arrived as the heating had been turned off. Even after I turned the heating back on the room never really warmed up, and there was quite a bad draft coming from the window.I complained to the hotel chain, and to give them their due they did phone with an apology... blaming absolutely everything that had gone wrong on the poor overworked chap behind the counter who had, apparently, been brought in at short notice to cover for someone who had gone sick.	
Apr 23 2009 	As expected...	We stayed for two nights over Easter, and generally had a good stay. We arrived later than planned, around 1am, thanks to Ryanair, and were dealt with efficiently by the night receptionist. Unfortunately the key machine was not working so he had to escort us to our rooms. He escorted the other couple to their room first, and after three attempts, found them a room than was not a) already in use or b) unsuitable due to certain 'issues' as he put it. After getting to our rooms about 45mins after arriving at the hotel, he did kindly give us vouchers for a complimentary breakfast the next morning.The breakfast was more than ample, and at £7.95 was well priced if you were paying for it. The cooked breakfast was fresh and plentiful, and filled me up.Other than that, the room, was basic, but clean and comfortable. Excellent location, just a couple of minutes walk from Liverpool St. No complaints.	
Apr 22 2009 	A decent no-frills lodge at a great location at a great price!	Stayed with the lodge for 3 weeks, first impression on the room.. pretty depressing, but after sometime, got used to it, and got pretty comfortable with the room. I stayed on the 2nd floor, once in a while, there will be some loud commotions between some street thugs and the police... Nonetheless, great location, friendly reception, 3-5 min away from Liverpool Street Station, bars and restaurants are easily available around the vicinity, tower of London and tower bridge are nearby, 15-20 min away. Petticoat Lane Market on Sundays, lots of Indian cuisine on Brick Lane. There's a nice Chinese Restaurant nearby as well, so food-wise, no problem. And it has got Flim4 as one of its TV programmes which helps to kill much of my boredom.	
Apr 19 2009 	good base for a good price	a good place to stay as its an easy 5 minute walk to the tube station. Safe area and near to a few resteraunts and shops.It was basically clean,only negative things i could say was that the shower must have been blocked as the bottom filled with water and started to overflow if you wasnt quick! The other thing was you could hear a bit of noise from the tube.Other than that was perfect, clean bedding, t.v, towels changed every day, somewhere to sleep for £39 a night	
Apr 19 2009 	Great hotel would stay again	We paid £9 a night for 3 nights at Liverpool St due to the Travelodge £9 stay. It is in a prime location for anyone who wants access to the underground as it is only five minutes walk away. It's also in a quiet area and was always peaceful. The quality of the rooms was great and it was very comfortable to sleep in. Would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants easy access to travel networks whilst touring London and would also recommend it to anyone who wants a cheap and comfortable stay in central London.	
Apr 14 2009 	Just what we expected - great value	Got three nights and paid £19, £59 &amp; £89 for family of 4. No noise from street as in a quiet side street, even on 5th floor there was a distant rumble of trains from underground whihc surprised me. ALso were warned of building work, tower block being built opposite our room, however we were up and down at brakfast by 8pm each day and they hadnt started at that stage so not a problem. Breakfast room a bit small, as was our room but staff were all fine and so was breakfast, will definitely be back	
Apr 13 2009 	Disappointing	Booked a family room for 1 night (thank god) and the room was smaller than what was shown in the website. My parents got the bed and me &amp; wifey slept on the uncomfortable sofa bed. Only one small soap was provided even though they know we are in a family room (I would understand if it was a single or double room). We didn't bother to ask for more soap; our fault. Further, we had to climb a number of steps with our luggage before reaching the lift. Too many fire doors before we arrived to our room, and we find it quite annoying since we had to hold the door while dragging our luggage.The only reason why we decided to stay here was because we need to be at Liverpool Street station very early in the morning to catch Stansted Express. We already had in mind that we should not be expecting a Waldorf Astoria or Marriott if we choose a backpackers hotel, but never thought it would be a dreadful experience.	
Mar 27 2009 	Great location 	Perfect location, just 5 min from Liverpool St station where Stansted express comes in. Room was adequate with en suite shower. Did not have hairdryer, but we were able to borrow one from reception.We did not have breakfast- plenty of coffee shopes etc around and we walked to Borough market in 15min to get breakfast there on Saturday and then to Spittalfields market on Sunday- 5min away.There is pay per use internet in foyer but that is very slow.	
Mar 25 2009 	Good value bad smell	Can't complain about value for money and location but the corridor on the 4th floor smelt of bo, travelodge have since advised me they have a plumbing problem and currently fixing it.	
Mar 23 2009 	Good enough to come back a second time	This is the second year that I have stayed at this hotel. Staff is friendly and helpful, rooms are basic and clean and the saver price makes it a really great value.	
Mar 14 2009 	excellent location	we have stayed in this Travelodge at least 3 times in the last year or so and have never once had a problem. It is in a perfect location, so close to Liverpool Street but it is on a quiet square, off all main streets. We tried the Travelodge on City Road once but it was so horrendously noisy. It is generally cheap if you book far enough in advance. The perfect location for a cheap stopover in London if you aren't planning to spend the whole time in your room! definitely recommended.	
Mar 12 2009 	value for money - top class	could not fault this hotel in any way. five min walk from liverpool street station where the stanstead express comes in. walking distance to algate and algate east tube station and on main bus route. hotel clean, staff helpful in every way. had breakfast in hotel and it was great value for money	
Mar 11 2009 	Above average for a Travelodge	I was in London for a conference, but my hotel allowance isn't great, so my first place to look for a hotel was Travelodge. I've stayed in lots of Travelodges of varying quality around the country and in London. In London I've stayed at Travelodge Royal Scot, Marylebone, Farringdon, Covent Garden and Park Royal, but this one I would rate as the best one I have stayed in when in London. It is in a quiet area because everything else is either an office block or somewhere to get a snack at lunch time, there was nothing to disturb your sleep. The other guests at the hotel (or at least the ones I saw at breakfast) seemed to be business people on their own and not tourists. The hotel is also only a 5 minute walk from Liverpool Street Station and Tube. The hotel was clean (no funny smells up the corridor that I have smelt at other Travelodges), the lift was working and the staff friendly and helpful. So if you are looking for a hotel in London that doesn't suffer from traffic noise, then I'd recommend this one to you.	
Mar 11 2009 	Dissapointed as Generally Travelodge's are good.	Think we had that once in occasion back luck. Booked our family room 4 hrs before we arrived as our weekend trip was off the cuff!! Location was great, no problems there, in a quite area no problems there. But we where on the first floor, lift was broken so not a bad thing! At night we found out that our window would not properly close/lock, so the 'noise' from outside was very audible! We had a 'mini riot' with about 10 youths and 6 police for about 90 Min's, where language was choice, not nice when you hear ever word and your 8 year old has no option but to hear it!!The customer toilets outside the bar had a very strong urine smell that drifted along the first floor on your way to breakfast, and at breakfast the food was not all available at the same time!!Overall travelodges are a great place to rest, clean and tidy and at a very good price, but on this occasion, not up to scratch!	
Jan 3 2009 	Good Value and Location	Stayed here recently for one night. The room was clean but need a little redecoration maybe. However with the room rate you can't complain and after all when in London you never spend much time in the room anyway. The staff were fairly average. The location was excellent, only a few minutes’ walk to the tube station and the area in general felt safe to walk through at night. The only downfall is that there isn’t a free luggage hold so we had to pay for the service at Liverpool Street station which was around £7.50 per item per day however as this was fairly close by wasn't too much of an issue. I would certainly book this again due to the location, especially when the room rates are on offer.	
Jan 3 2009 	good location	hotels a bit dated but as with most travelodge's cheap and you get what you pay forgood location for getting around on tube etc	
Jan 2 2009 	£29 a night - Bargain	stayed here for 5 nights between christmas &amp; new year 2008. Booked 6 months in advance and got for £29 per night. Room was clean, quiet (you could hear the rumble of the underground but it did not disturb us at all). Staff all spoke english very well. Only problem was our key card needed reprogrammed a few times. Have stayed in London many times and this was the best location and quietest area at night we have ever had. recommended.	
Oct 14 2008 	You only get what you pay for!	Had stayed in this hotel last year so knew what to expect, or so we thought! Arrived a wee bit early but girl on reception wouldn't let us check in until three, to check in early or to leave your luggage you pay an extra £10. We arrived early (1 hour) last year and they let us check in no problems. Once checked into our room on first floor discovered window wouldn't shut properly, cold water tap came off in my hand and fold down bed was falling to bits (family room). Asked, and was given another room immediately on fifth floor. Room was fine, clean and comfortable and everything worked although was supplied with only one towel everytime cleaners had been. My wife and I in room. Really annoying having to trudge up and down stairs all the time because during our whole stay, 3 nights, lift didn't work. Just as well we are all reasonably fit. The corridor outside our room stank of dampness or something. Overall, general maintainance seems to be neglected and hotel is a bit shabby but for price and location hard to beat.	
Oct 1 2008 	Excellent location	We had a FANTASTIC time in London on 28th and 29th September. The hotel is obviously basic, and as we only paid £29 for the room this was all we were expecting! However the room was very clean, and in a perfect location just a few minutes walk away from the underground. Check-in time was 3, something they arent very flexible on! We initially arrived at 2.10, the guy on reception was extremely rude and very unhelpful - just grunting loud enough for us to hear 'check in is not until 3'. So we waited outside for 40 minutes, which wasn't too bad as the weather was ok but it isn't something you would want to be doing in January! When we returned to the hotel at about 2.50 we were greeted by another member of reception and she couldn't have been more helpful. She even gave us a map which was attatched to lots of discount vouchers for various attractions and restaurants.Once we arrived in the room it was of a reasonable size, and had plenty of storage space for a short stay. The bed was very comfortable, and theres also a plasma in the room. Bathroom was very clean, and the noise was minimal. London is brilliant, theres lots to see and do so plan your time wisely. DONT but theatre tickets in advance as they are so much cheaper buying them on the day. The tube is very easy to work out, and the underground staff were generally very helpful. We ate in China Town on the first night and the food was excellent.	
Sep 30 2008 	Great value	The hotel is within a 5 minute walk of Liverpool Street rail station and excellent value at the £50 we paid for a double room. The room was clean and comfortable and a great base for exploring London	
Sep 8 2008 	great value and very well situated	i stayed at this hotel 5 and 6 september and have nothing but praise.the hotel rooms were clean and reception staff efficient and check in was no problem.i asked for a sheet for the sofabed and this was sent to me immeditaly.it is very handy for visiting most of london as liverpool st station is less than 5 minutes away.there is a tesco metro store within 5 minutes and plenty of eating places within the stationif you are booking a travelodge dont expect 5 star luxury for less than a 100 pound,but you will be surprised at the size of these rooms and the good cleanliness of this onei worked 17 years in the corporate travel industry and would reccomend this hotel	
Sep 7 2008 	Great for the money	My husband and I stayed here for 1 night only - when we visited London in September.Whenever we visit London, we do lots of sightseeing and travel very light (backpacks only), so only ever look for cheap hotel accommodation. We only ever want somewhere clean with a decent bed and shower, and somewhere fairly close to London transport.We definitely found that here. We booked this hotel through the SuperSaver rate, so paid only £29 for the night and we were more than happy with it. All Travelodge's are much the same - therefore, you know what you're going to get, and this was just that. A room that was pretty spacious for a ridiculously cheap price for London and very close to Liverpool Street Station, and lots of bars and places to eat.Saying there for only one night, we were more than happy and would definitely stay there again For our following night, we had booked ourselves into the easyHotel at South Kensington (to be close to the museums, etc.) but after spending the night there, we wished that we had saved the extra money, stayed in the Travelodge ad jostled with the rest of the passengers on the tube at rush hour to get to where we wanted. We probably would have had a much more comfortable night and for less money. Well, you win some, you lose some! With this Travelodge, at the price, we definitely won!	
Aug 27 2008 	A very good if suprising experience	I stayed here whilst in London to see George Michael, I paid £29 for the room and felt it to be very good value.Travelodges are much for muchness but this one is situated in a quiet square, on the edge of the financial district (round the corner from The Guerkin), away from the main road and consequently a very good nights sleep was had. The room was small but spotlessly clean and check-in/out was efficient. and the bed was super comfy.The hotel has it's own bar/cafe but we didn't use it as the area around Liverpool Street has plenty of amenities, shops, supermarkets, pubs and places to eat.Overall a very good experience.	
Aug 11 2008 	For the price it's great !!!!!	Having stayed in a number of Travel Lodge's we were pleasantly surprised with this one.We accept that you get what you pay for and that the rooms are basic. This was huge (in comparison to others) the bath room weas enormous and you didn't feel like you were in a shoe box.The room was spotless with tea and coffee a plenty. There is a lack of toiletries but &quot;you get what you pay for&quot;. The area was fine as the underground station was 5 minutes up the road. Brick Lane / Petticoat Market etc was on the doorstep along with assorted takeaways / restaurants / pubs + clubs etc.The only thing that let it down was the negative attitude of staff (which appeared to be all foreign) they seem to have a don't care less attitude. We stayed 3 nights for the price of £88 so all in all a bargain.Get yourself a bargain with this hotel ..... book early abnd get the best deals.	
Aug 7 2008 	Good for a weekend getaway - leave Monday morning	Not my favourite London Travelodge, although if you book well in advance the deals can be good enough to make it worthwhile. Located on the edge of The City, probably convenient for business travellers, or families catching trains from Liverpool street station on sightseeing excursions beyond London. Only services in the area are those in or around the station itself - still, that's a lot, just plan to take things back to the room when you're on the way back - large supermarket between the station and hotel it's not so close that you will want to just pop downstairs to buy a sandwich. Noise during the week will be a problem for some. It was quiet Saturday and Sunday, but at 08:00 Monday morning building works recommenced on one of the largest towers being built in London, directly behind the hotel. You won't have any quiet time to relax in the room on weekdays as long as those are going on.	
Aug 2 2008 	At least it was cheap....	I needed somewhere to crash out after going to the British Motor Show, and I happened to be lucky in securing a room in this hotel with one of Travelodge's SuperSaver deals. So I got this 3-star big-name hotel room in Central London for a measily £30. Not bad eh???The hotel is in the City - a short 5 minute walk from Liverpool Street station great if you are coming in from Stansted plus it is on the Central Line of the Tube so easy access to Soho and the West End (remember that the Square Mile is a ghost town at evenings and weekends!)., plus close to the East End and Docklands so handy if you are going to ExCel (as I was) or the O2. But it takes a bit of effort to find it - it's buried down a little narrow lane just off Bishopsgate and next to a not-very-attractive concrete council housing estate (odd thing to see in the City of London!) . Things went pear shaped however when I checked in. There seemed to be just one person on duty on the desk and he didn't smile, or say very much. He also seemed to be responsible for everything (duty manager, handyman, room service!). The hotel lobbies were well vacuumed but there was musty stench permeating through the whole place. The sole elevator had a blown lightbulb so it felt dark and claustrophobic - plus it was exceptionally dirty. The room was clean and tidy enough, but there was only one towel. I went back down to reception to get another, and Mr. Miserable at the desk said he would come up with one. It didn't appear. The hotel promised internet access in every room - although I didn't have my laptop with me I looked at the wireless router screwed onto the underside of the worksurface - all its wires had been snipped!! Then I discovered the kettle didn't work so I couldn't make tea/coffee in my room. Leaving the hotel to go to the West End in the evening for something to eat (by this time I had no intention or risking the hotel's restaurant!), I once again mentioned this to Mr. Miserable. Predictably nothing was done about it. There was a different guy on duty when I got back, and a replacement kettle was despatched immediately, but it didn't work either. Obviously a wiring problem with the socket or a blown fuse. At least the bed was very comfortable and I had a good night's sleep - be aware that the Circle Line between Liverpool Street and Aldgate runs right below the building and you CAN hear the distant rumbling of trains although it didn't bother me.Okay - I didn't pay a lot for the room and for £30 in the centre of London I certainly couldn't complain on the money front, but given that someone turning up on the day and getting charged the regular rate of £75-£80 would have got the same deplorable standard of service it is completely unacceptable. So I would say only consider this hotel if you can get the cheapest SuperSaver rates.....otherwise avoid it.	
Jun 30 2008 	rip off	we stayed here overnight 2 weeks ago.we arrived at 1430 and were told check in is at 3pm.were asked to pay £10 to check in 30 mins earlier, which we declined. waited till 3.the room was clean but very basic for 105.we had room 101 it was quite noisy and i was happy to be gone the next day. i would not pay that to stay there again.	
May 24 2008 	Hit and Miss	This Travelodge has the ability to do very well given its location, however there is a general hit and miss attitude throughout the hotel.I arrived at 3pm and there was already a queue, the reception staff were changing shift and made everybody wait until they had finished counting their floats.The room was as expected, perfectly comfortable and at least you could open the windows, something which is unusal for Travelodges.The Bar Cafe was okay, except half of the menu was unavailable and only one staff member in attendance who seemed to be doing everything including the washing up so everything took ages. Breakfast was much the same, only one staff member doing everything, however to be fair the food offered was perfectly acceptable and in my opinion worth the cost.All in all, the location is ideal if you have work in the city or have to catch the train to Stansted, not sure I'd pay the full rack rate, but the internet rate I paid was fine.	
Apr 12 2008 	Service? How do you spell that?	The hotel is conveniently located in the City, therefore 108 GBP seemed to be a reasonable price for the room I booked. Or was it?When I arrived, I encountered a receptionist who barely spoke English, but after several attempts finally found my name in his PC. My room was on the first floor, close to the staircase and its creaking door that would be my constant entertainment during the night. Well, sometimes I was distracted by police sirens, or even the sound of heels on the street - after doublechecking the window I had to notice that it was indeed closed - unbelievable.There was one towel in the bathroom (although it was a double room), no shampoo or shower gel and the shower was a bit &quot;battered&quot;. In the room, it was slightly too &quot;windy&quot; (the window again) but I was able to offset it by turning the heating to full power. Only one of the two bedside lamps had a light bulb - unfortunately on the &quot;windy&quot; side - but changing it did not help either - for some reason it did not work on the other side at all.Let's turn to something more positive - in the next morning I finally checked out. I had an appointment and wanted to leave my bag in the hotel for several more hours. I was told that this would be impossible due to &quot;security reasons&quot;, but that I could opt for a late check out (at only 10 GBP) - my bag apparently is less dangerous when I pay an extra charge.....But enough is enough, my bag spent the morning in the left luggage room of Liverpool station and I did not have to come back to the hotel again!Consider very carefully how much you are willing to pay for this hotel, 29 GBP is a reasonable price due to the location, but otherwise - there are also &quot;real&quot; hotels for the price I paid -even in London!	
Apr 11 2008 	Very Impressed	I stayed for one night in January 2008 as an easy stop after a concert at the O2. I wasn’t actually expecting much but I was surprised, the reception staff were helpful, the room neat, tidy and clean. The floor we were on was being redecorated at the time which I’m sure if it was a longer stay may have been disruptive but over one night was not a problem and I was impressed that they were going to the trouble to keep the place looking nice. There were a couple of down points, the breakfast was quite expensive in my opinion (£7.00 or £7.50 I can’t remember now) but it was a continental buffet; and with the room the shower curtain was broken and I found the room very hot to sleep in, an big problem when you cant open the window over 2 inches and if you do the noise outside keeps you awake. Proximity to Liverpool Street station was brilliant, although I did have a little trouble finding the Travelodge as their website doesn’t really explain the directions clearly.	
Apr 1 2008 	Cheap and simple if a little noisy	We stayed for three nights at this hotel and it's a reasonable place to stay. Booking months in advance produced a £29 per night rate, not sure I'd be pleased paying the £85 rack rate.The room was clean with tea &amp; coffee (no spoons!), a TV and not much else. One towel and three pillows for two people, we had to ask for more but they came promptly and with a smiling service.The location is excellent, close to Liverpool Street and Aldgate stations both a couple of minutes walk away. Handy too for the Spitalfields and Brick Lane Markets on a Sunday.Only have a couple of annoyances which maybe aren't the fault of the hotel. A fire alarm on Friday at 130am meant the whole hotel evacuated for half a hour while the fire brigade took a look. I'd rather be safe than scorched, but this is the third time in the past few stays in Travelodges this has happened, not just at this branch.The other nuisance is the building work going on at the end of the hotel opposite the reception - very loud building work (placing foundations) starting at 8am and finishing at 7pm - doesn't really help you sleep.There is also the very noticable noise of what sounded like a tumble drier running all night long - this may have been a generator to do with the building works or the hotels own laundry - either way it's an unwelcome accompaniment to a night's sleep.The solution would be to ask for a room on the non-gherkin side and near the reception.Don't be out off though, this is a good hotel at the discount rate, well situated and clean.	
Mar 25 2008 	Better than a park bench....just.	Extreme fans of budget airlines might love this one....everyone else stay away.Good points - Location on the fringes of The City, close to station.Small LCD TV in room.Bad points -Surly receptionist - couldn'd find booking but didn't bother checking to see if fax confirmation received.Heater in room switched off, controls so close to wall that they are invisible. Noise from building site right outside window unbearable. The world's smallest bar of soap, the only toiletry supplied - no shampoo, not even a soap dispenser on the wall...nothing.Bathroom heater disconnected (wires cut) presumably to save more money (Travelodge been receiving coaching from Cryingair perhaps?). Breakfast not worth the extra charge.All in all a miserable experience with the overriding feeling that Travelodge blatantly wishes to retain every penny possible from each customer as profit by giving absolutely the bare minimum in return. Good plan for one off visitors but not for regular business, except of course those who can not see past the &quot;bargain&quot; price of £105 per night midweek.Experience at your peril!	
Dec 4 2007 	Delighted with Travelodge London Liverpool Street	We stayed here for 3 nights arriving late on Friday night. The hotel is very close to Liverpool Street Station, and just around the corner from the Tesco Metro which is ideal for snacks and supplies. We checked in with no problem and our room on the 6th floor, although compact, was clean and comfortable. The only thing I didn't like about the room was the shower curtain, it made the shower very difficult to use and caused the floor to get soaked with every use. Why can't we have a shower screen instead of a horrible unhygienic curtain? The room was also a wee bit noisy at times but then I would expect that in central London. Didn't use the restaurant as there were loads of pubs, etc, nearby where we enjoyed excellent pub lunches. Liked: The price - £50 per night (bargain for central London, and I see some reviewers got it even cheaper); clean comfortable room; great location (literally 5 mins to Liverpool Street underground).Disliked: The shower curtain.No major problems or complaints - if you are looking for luxury you won't be considering a Travelodge, however if you want good, clean, comfortable and fairly cheap accomodation in central London I would recommend this hotel.	
Nov 2 2007 	Does Anyone speak English Here?	ok....where do you want us to start about this &quot;fine&quot; establishment?day one: check in ...only one person working in the entire hotel complex who i have to say was a multitasker as he acted as barman...receptionist, random troubleshooter, waiter, handyman, chef and did not speak one yes one word of english!!we checked in at 5pm after a much confusion over why we were at the desk in the first place. after many hand gestures and loud slowly spoken english words we were rewarded with a battered room key card which didnt swipe. our room was on the third floor... it seemed ok at first but closer inspection revealed a sofa bed and chair covered in questionable stains, a toilet which had a handle resembling a wooden spoon that kept falling off after use, taps in the sink which had to be held in place during use and a bath that time had forgot. as other guests have mentioned in previous reviews we were also left the trademark travelodge half bottle of shampoo... to get you settled in during your stay.heat in the room was unbearable as there was no air conditioning and the window only opened an inch to prevent you from escaping. we were told the restaurant opened at 5pm but when we got there at 5:10pm it was still locked with no staff in sight until.....a few minutes later the man of many talents from reception appeared with his chef's hat on ready to go into action. however, we could not order drinks or food until another member of staff (ie. the translator) arrived who spoke some english. he proceeded to show other people to our seats which he thought was amusing. the meals we ordered were not available so instead of refund we were given cheap, tasteless alternatives. room service was not an option as rooms did not have phones. if you wanted to eat in your room you had to go to the &quot;restaurant&quot; and carry food and drinks to your room yourself through the stale smell of dirty linen and sweat that hovered in the corridors. although the room did have a comfortable bed, it was wasted as a good nights sleep was impossible due to the construction work starting at 5:57 every morning and late night police chases past the hotel on a regular basis. during our stay the fire alarm also went off at 8:00am. evacuation seemed to be optional.. we gathered across the street with unconcerned members of staff and fellow guests who informed us that this happens all the time! when we were allowed back in we went for breakfast but there were no members of staff manning the restaurant to prepare food or take our order. after 45mins of heated debate with the waitress who didnt speak english we left unfed and went to the smoothie bar across the road. When we tried to return to our room the key wouldnt work so we had to go to the reception to get it re-swiped as the hotel had been giving out old swipe cards. The only good thing was being able to leave. Overall, a really disappointing and stressful experience.	
Oct 12 2007 	Bare bones	I just returned from a business trip to London. It was booked at the last minute so most hotels in The City were close to or fully occupied. Coming from the US with a group of 3 people this hotel was of close proximity to our client. It was a hotel at a reasonable rateconsidering the weakness of the US dollar in the UK. The good:Clean roomsgood locationcomfortable bedBest value in the area.The not so good:Noisy surroundingsNo telephone in the room or pay telephone in the hotel lobby. The closest was three blocks away.No alarm clock in the room and since I had a US cellphone with no service, I was not able to use the alarm clock feature.Wireless internet had spotty serviceAlthough the frontdesk people were pleasant, many did not have a firm grasp of the english languageMany of the cable tv stations did not have sound.Overall, if you need a comfortable bed and clean room this would fit the bill. For the discriminating traveler, this is not a hotel for you.	
Sep 26 2007 	Good location but very noisy	We stayed in room 616, and at 4am we had a very loud sound (sounded like a generator) and the vibrations of the entire room felt like it was going to take off to space. This continued till about 7 am! eventually we moved rooms only to find out the other side of the building had builiding works...more noise!	
Sep 18 2007 	smashing location	Would reccomend staying here for two main reasons. 1. Price - £52 for a two night stay in central London can't be bad 2. location is brill 5minute wlak for liverpool st then just go and see london.	
Sep 13 2007	Comfortable beds but nothing else good to say.	Just finished a business stay at this hotel. First of all the good stuff. The location is great, right near Liverpool Street train station and near Devonshire Square, The Gherkin and the financial district. Also the bed is very large and comfortable with lovely soft pillows.The downside: Travelodge have removed any type of luxury from the room and left a depressing laminated card explaining why there is no bath mat in the shower. Toiletries consist of a tiny bar of soap not replaced during my stay.The room was extremely hot (no airconditioning) opening the window brought the sounds of traffic, some dodgy flats at the back of the hotel and extremely loud construction work starting about 7.30 which meant I never had to set my alarm.The food, both dinner and breakfast is inedible, please do not eat here, there are plenty of great restaurants nearby. Both meals I ordered here were returned for a refund, they were that bad.Booking here for 15 pounds a night would be a great deal, but for over 100 it was a depressing experience.	
Sep 3 2007 	at this price...no complaints!	this hotel is in a great location, but they wont take bags if you arrive early , so if you do , leave your bags in liverpool st station to avoid carrying them back up!! its 6.50 a bag to store them there. the hotel itself was fine, clean rooms , plenty of tea /coffee, just ask at reception if you need more, they are friendly enough for a cheap and cheerful hotel, i stayed for 2 nights aug 26-28 in a family room with 2 kids, 26 pounds a night for 3 people in london is a steal! must say though they really should clean the carpets in the corridors , they absolutely stink, not so in the rooms just there. cafe bar was average, but the breakfast was a disaster, staff had little english , hadnt a clue who had ordered and everyone was left standing around for 20 mins whilst the waitress went to get milk! we left and bought breakfast elsewhere just to avoid this happening to us too! overall, its great for the price and really near all sights because of train station, id stay again at this price and would highly recommend it for a cheap and cheerful weekend .	
Aug 29 2007 	Make sure they give you a non occupied room!	Me, my partner and a friend booked to stay at the hotel on August bank holiday Sunday. Me and my partner had booked well in advance and got the superb £26.00 rate. Our friend who booked later booked a rate of £50.00.The walk from Liverpool Street station is effortless and no struggle even if you have large cases. You even walk past a large Tesco Metro which was ideal for us to stock on essentials.We tried to check in early but they said the rooms hadnt been cleaned. Be warned that they do NOT have a left luggage facility so either lug your bags around or there is a facility on platform 10 at Liverpool St Station which costs £6.50 for 24hours. The staff at the hotel are all foreign and speak very broken English. Me and my partner checked in ok with the non smoking room that we had booked, however our friend booked the same and ended up with a smoking room. The staff didnt seem at all bothered and said that there were no other rooms available. So off we plodded and went to see our friends room. The corridoor stunk of smoked, we opened the room and it was occupied. Luckily there was no one in the room at the time but all the persons possesions were. God knows what would of happened if someone had of been in there. We went back down to complain. Again the check in staff and the manager werent the slightest bit bothered or apologetic and couldnt explain why someone was in there. They said &quot;check out is at 12pm so if he iis still in there I dont know why&quot; - Like they were saying it wasnt their problem. Anyhow after kicking up a fuss, they amazingly found a NON smoking room (after saying they didnt have one available). This room was fine as was our. The rest of the stay was fine and what you expect from the travelodge. The room was clean, tidy, modern. They all have tvs with the normal channels plus 3 sky channels and radio. There is also tea and coffee making facilities. Dont expect any more than this. I have had read reviews on here from other people complaining that they dont get shampoos and showergel. Just ignore them!The hotel has a cafe which we didnt use but looked ok.All in all the hotel itself is absolutely great for how much you pay and where it is, but the staff really let it down and couldnt give too monkeys. Just be careful when opening your room door for the first time!	
Aug 24 2007 	Excellent Location and CHEAP!!	Stayed here for one night in August due to its close location to the Liverpool Street's Stansted Express Service. We only paid £26 by booking on the Travelodge website well in advance. A fantastic price for a hotel in central London. The room was clean, had tea making facilities and a television. The en suite was also clean and had a shower, no bath but that wasn't a problem. We checked in after midnight due to our delayed flight arriving at Gatwick. The late check in caused no problems with the well manned reception. It was only a £16 taxi fare from Victoria Street Station and the Gatwick Express Service which we though was very reasonable. The tube link would have been cheaper but wasn't available at the time we arrived. We didn't notice the noise from outside and had a short walk to the train station in the morning. What more do you need? All for £26!	
Aug 13 2007 	Good value for the price 	I stayed here with my wife for a short getaway to celbrate our anniversary. Having stayed in Travelodges before we knew pretty musch what to expect as they are no frills.The room was clean and spacious for 2 people. The only downside was an amount of noise that came in when you had the window open, due to the fact there is a tower block next door and the hotel is in the middle of the City of London. If it is cool enough to close the window, the problem ceases.	
Aug 1 2007 	we don't do that!	Myself and two girl-friends stayed at liverpool street travellodge on a two night break in london. On arrival at 2.20pm we were told we could not access our rooms as they had not been cleaned. Mix up straight away about times for checking in. We had suit cases with us and were vey tired and hungry. Asked about leaving the cases to go and eat. 'We don't do that'. Bar/cafe in hotel closed, machine for a drink in reception OUT OF ORDER! Waited and eventually allowed in rooms at 2.45pm. Totally unhelpful staff on reception, no idea about eating places nearby, no maps. No usual information booklet in room about locality. EXCEPT... a card with all the 'we don't do thats'. No toiletries due to guests taking them! Half used tiny bottles of shower/shampoo and a shower cap is hardly the great train robbery! No hairdryer, no contact with reception (phone), No biscuits with tea an coffee. NOISE. if there is one thing that travellodges boast about it's the fact that you are practically guaranteed a good nights sleep. Night: screeching cars, followed by police sirens. Morning: 5.57am...building work begins on the street below (side street). Had to keep window closed...hence too hot in room!. Banging doors in the travellodge night and day. Have stayed in many different travellodges all over England and have always been more than hapy. This one.....NEVER AGAIN!!!!!	
Jul 20 2007 	does what it says on the tin	Its a lodge for travellers. No pretentious or over fussyness. Hotel was clean. rooms were clean and bed was comfortable. Shower nice and hot. If you want a base close to london liverpool st and dont want to be fussed over and what to do your own thing then this is the place. The bar/cafe was also very good and it had air/con !! Had a decent breakfast and evening meal cooked there. Loads of other resturant facilitys in the area. I do recoment the Thai Buddah on Middlesex St a stones throw from the hotel for a great thai meal.Check in and check out was a breeze. ok this didnt feel like a hotel where you were going to get pampered but that isnt what Travellodge is for. They have cut to the chase and delivered a basic service that is effecient. it does what it says on the tin.	
Jul 10 2007	Value Budget Accommodation in London	This is a good budget hotel in a good location in London. Completely no frills, but you get a good bed and a good shower. Room was clean and perfectly acceptable. When you consider the prices of hotels in London you can not do much better than Travelodge. Recommend a Family Room if you want extra space as these rooms are large and have a couch.	
May 30 2007	Sort out the doors!	This was my 1st visit to London and I needed somewhere close to Liverpool Street so this travelodge was the obvious choice.Pro'sGood distance from train stationCleanComfortableConsNoisy - It was warm as there is no air con and so I had to open the window but it was noisyNoise again - PEOPLE CLOSING THEIR BEDROOM DOORS! I wanted to catch up on some sleep on my 2nd day but couldn't because when people on the corridor left their rooms, my room would shake after the big bang of the doors slamming. Overall it was OK, but I didn't get the sleep that I booked the hotel for.	
Apr 17 2007	Good value for £26 a night	Booked three rooms for two nights for a Friday &amp; Saturday for £26 a night via the Travelodge website. Essentially all we wanted was a decent base / room for a weekend of fun &amp; alcohol refreshment; nearly all the time we expected to be out and about.Even though the price was right, you should still expect certain standards. A clean Room in decent nick, a decent shower, bed &amp; who knows some quietness! In all aspects the rooms delivered. Modern room, basic but clean - feels like a newish TL. Really powerful shower and quiet rooms, apart from some noise from builders outside the TL at 9am on Saturday.Location is central and convenient for tube - 5 minutes walk from Liverpool Street; follow the instructions from the websites own page. Didn't sample the food / drink on offer but there is a bar/cafe on site. Spot on for what we wanted for the weekend and I would recommend this place if your needs are similar to ours. Did exactly what you should expect from the TL brand.	
Mar 2 2007 	Brilliant for £15.00 a night	Definately a bargain at £15.00 a night , having read the reviews from other travellers about this Travelodge I was prepared, so checked in early and was given a room on the 4th Floor so I would not be kept awake by the sound of the Circle and Hammersmith and City lines rumbling below the rooms on the 1st and 2nd floorsShower was functional and worked, although by the third night i was really wanting a bath which is the only major downside to this particular Travelodge if you are staying consecutive nights.The TV worked, the duvet was nice and warm. The room was at a nice temperature and the pillows were firmer than some in more upmarket establishments I've stayed in.Yes the hotel was a little noisy with slamming doors, but at the end of the day this has more to do with the type guests which stay at most Travelodges over the weekend. Think white stillettos and gold chains with no brains..... Rack rate at weekends is £75.00 per night, would I pay this rate? absoultely no way, but at £15.00 per night this is ideal	
Feb 27 2007 	Errr... FIne...	Want a place to crash that's close to Liverpool Street station? Our room was clean. The shower was hot and worked. The bed was fairly comfortable. The TV had 5 channels. There were tea and coffee making facilities. Check in and out was effortless. We paid a reasonable rate for a reasonable room...WHAT DO YOU EXPECT? It's a Travelodge. We were travelling and needed somewhere to lodge... It does what it says... No complaints...	
Feb 22 2007 	Clean and convenient - just a little 'tired' looking	I stayed for 2 nights in February.The reception staff were friendly enough. The first thing I noticed is that there is about 5 or so steps to climb to get to the lift. Not easy when you are carrying a heavy suitcase....The room was quite spacious compared to another hotel I had stayed in. There was room for a double bed, bedside tables, a desk, drawers and hanging space. It was also clean enough, although appeared to be 'tired' and in need of a little updating.I only paid 26 pounds after booking directly on the hotel website. I was more than happy with the room, considering the price I paid. It was a short walk to Liverpool St tube station, so it was easy enough to get around London.My only gripe would be that the window didn't stay shut and everytime we had a shower, the bathroom flooded - we fixed that problem by requesting extra towels and laying them on the floor. We didn't bother complaining as we were barely there - only to sleep.If you're able to get a cheap rate, this hotel would be okay as a base.	
Jan 16 2007	Very very average	Granted this hotel was cheap as I had booked it well in advance, with a single night's accomodation just £49.This aside, there are certain things that are crucial to any hotel, be it budget or 5 star and this particular Travelodge did not tick many of the boxes.- Only one of the 3 lights in the room worked.- The TV was on permanent LOUD setting, with the volume down button broken (not a particular problem though to be fair, although it would have been nice to be able to watch TV while getting ready).- Taps did not turn off entirely, hence there was the sound of running water all night.- I woke regularly to the sound of trains running past (not sure where - underground?) and bin lorries reversing from the service areas of the Bank buildings opposite at silly AM.- There was a disturbing electrical spark emerging from the collection of wires underneath the TV. - Pillows were incredibly lumpy, which made for an uncomfortable night.Don't get me wrong, I know and understand that you get what you pay for. However, all of the above problems with the exception of the external noise are well within the remit of any hotel to notice and fix. Being there for only one night meant that the hotel did not have the opportunity to fix the problem while I was there, but even so, if that is indicative of the standard of general repair of a Travelodge, then I will not be returning. Even at £49, this was overpriced. I would have expected better from a hostel at £19 a night.	
Jan 1 2007 	Keep expectations (and hence these reviews) in line with the price paid....	First of all - remember, keep expectations (and hence these reviews) in line with the price paid.Nice new hotel in a very good location and at super saver rate paid a true bargain, but at normal rate not so sure given basic nature of rooms and no breakfast inc. Only problem was noise penetrating through the foundations from the circle underground line trains beneath hotel. On 3rd floor wasnt too bad but lower down could well be! The hotel was in a very quiet area (at weekends anyway) so maybe made the underground noise seem worse.Agree very much with previous review, keep expectations low and it is fine. It is not a 4* establishment but is spotlessly clean and has features such as powershowers but no aircon or toiletries (other than soap bar).	
Oct 31 2006 	Keep Your Expectations Modest and Be Satisfied	The Travelodge London Liverpool St is no-frills accommodation located in the City, walking distance from both the Liverpool St rail station and Aldgate tube station. Our one-night stay was booked at the £26 rate, prepaid; therefore, this review is calibrated to reflect such a rock-bottom price.Our smallish double room was clean, exceedingly so, which is our foremost requirement for a hotel room, no matter the price. Secondarily, I need quiet, and we had no problems whatsoever with noise. As other reviewers have noted, there was no AC in the room, which certainly would have greater significance in the heat of summer, and there seemed to be no way to contact reception via telephone. While the room itself was clean, a general state of disrepair was evident: the curtains drooped from missing clips, and one of the night stands was simply torn from the wall and not replaced. In the bathroom, which was shower only, there was but one towel (albeit a giant one), a tiny bar of soap and two plastic drinking glasses. Basic, indeed.We had no problems with our reservation, nor any subsequent contact with hotel staff beyond check-in, so we can’t comment on their receptiveness to service requests. Also, we did not stay long enough to visit the café on the premises.The location of the hotel was convenient for our needs; however, be aware the City is a ghost town outside of business hours. Our predawn walk to the Aldgate station was a bit on the creepy side. Single travelers or those looking for a variety of eating and drinking choices in close proximity to their hotel might need to take note.Overall, we were more than satisfied with our brief stay, given the low rate. For those unable to book the promotional rate, such a recommendation must be tempered. It’s unlikely the Travelodge Liverpool St will be the highlight of anyone’s visit to London, but if all you require is a decent night’s sleep and a hot shower, it may well fit the bill.	
Oct 14 2006 	Unbeatable value for money	£26 for a night in a clean double en suite room right in the heart of London's business area and just a couple of minutes walk from Liverpool St Station. I cant imagine too many places could match that.Make no mistake, this is a no frills hotel and doesn't pretend to be anything else. Travel Lodges tend to get very bad reviews for reasons which I have yet to work out - My sole complaint being that the coffee cups didnt look like they had been washed properly. I checked in late (about midnight) and had no problems and a good nights sleep.If you are looking for somewhere cheap and cheerful to stay when in London and dont require 5 star treatment - look no further.	
Oct 12 2006 	Disasterous Stay	Great if you like the sound of trtains running underneath you every 5 mins. Ok if you dont mind being stuck in your room whilst a psycho smashes up the corridor outside your room with a fire estinguisher at 3am - and there is no way you can contact security/reception using the phone provided. Avoid - especially for £90 without breakfast.	
Sep 20 2006 	Well worth the £26 paid		
Sep 6 2006 	Great value		
Aug 16 2006 	Dire. An overpriced Butlins-style hotel		
Jun 26 2006	Everything is great...except in the hottest days in the year!!!		
Mar 8 2006	Basic reasonably priced stopover		
Mar 1 2006	Sunday Bargain		
Oct 17 2005	Good value for London		
Apr 13 2005 	Does exactly what it says on the packet		
Nov 28 2004	Clean cheap location not so...		
Nov 10 2004	Good Value for London		
Sep 20 2009 	Centricomodernoeconomico		
Aug 5 2009 	Niente male		
Mar 5 2009 	Très bien situé		
Apr 23 2008 	einfach klasse		
