	great location lovely staff but needs double glazing	Arrived early for check in but staff kindly let us in to our room early since we had been travelling from early morning. Room nicely decorated but bathroom very small. The main problem with the room was a very bad draught coming through the window very cold. Think double glazing would solve the problem of the cold and the road noise which kept us awake.Area lovely but not much to do in the immediate area not a great choice of entertainment. Taxis very expensive took one to west end cost us twenty five pounds each way. All said we enjoyed our stay needs a few minor adjustments.	
Nov 20 2009 	Very Hot Very Small but Very Clean "Superior" Room???	Checked in at 12:05pm and this process was very quick, very easy and two hours before we could check in! the reception staff asked about a morning paper and explained about breakfast times and asked if I wanted to open an account on my room, this was an excellent start to our 3 day mini break in London.Room 567 (Superior Room) here we come, plenty of lifts close to reception upto the 5th floor and then I opened the door to our (cupboard) room.The room I have to say was very warm and very clean but also very small, my concern was if this is a superior room I really would not like to stay in a standard room. I was unable to turn off the radiator in our room only down, we had to sleep with the A/C on all night ( It was too hot) and with the size of the room I woke with a fantastic headache the next morning ** note ** go out and put A/C on whilst your out and also sleep with window open, its quiet enough to do this. The bathroom I thought must be massive in that case and as I opened the door I realised this was also tiny, just big enough but careful in the bath / shower as there really is not a lot of room!The hotel location is only two minutes walk from Lancaster Gate tube station (Central Line) very useful, and has a small taxi rank outside the hotel again very useful and Hyde Park over the road (nice) The Swan Pub is next door and a corner shop just after the pub both useful for our stay.The staff are very polite and very helpful, breakfast is very good better than I expected to be honest and the hotel is very clean!!!Overall, I thought the staff are very good, the location was good, the price was OK, the room was poor BUT clean, I decided not to complain because we only spent limited time in the room anyway!	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Location faultless service organised	Stayed here for a night in October and a night in November 2009. Rooms really nice, small, but really clean and modern. Bar open until very late. Breakfast was superb, I was astonished how good it was, great eggs, beans, bacon and sausage.No complaints.	
Nov 16 2009	Lovely Hotel...	I dont understand what people can complain about with this hotel! I stayed here begining of November for my 21st birthday with my mother and sister. Check-in was easy and fast, room was fine! After looking at reviews and pics on here we were abit worried, but it was really nice! Not much space for 3 of us to store and hang our clothes, but we were only there for the night. It was clean and comfortable. Nearest tube station - Lancaster Gate was approx 5 mins walkin distance. Everything else was in easy reach. We didnt eat at the hotel, so cannot comment on the food, but The Swan pub next door, does a lovely breakfast! I would deffinetly stay here again and recomend 2 other ppl...despite the drunken man shoutin outside our room at 2 oclock in the morning.	
Nov 14 2009 	Great Location Well Appointed	Right across the street from Hyde Park, the hotel is very comfortable and clean. Nice size for London and continental breakfast is very pleasant. Best feature is location and access to transportation - Central Line tube stop very close by and frequent local buses take you to Oxford St	
Nov 11 2009 	Hotel had everything we needed	Lots of other reviews state rooms are small,I found them adequate.The Hotel has a great location,handy for the tube and if you like to walk you can walk to Harrods etc through Hyde Park or Oxford St no problem.There was a great selection at breakfast,cooked or continental.Will use this hotel next time	
Nov 9 2009 	Not as bad as previous reviews	Myself, sister and my mum stayed at Corus for a weekend break. Due to previous reviews, we almost cancelled are stay but when we arrived we were pleasantly surprised. It werent as bad as a lot of people worked out. The rooms were clean and modern, the bathroom was small but big enough and I couldnt touch the four walls as a previous reviewer suggested. All of the staff were friendly.It was a 2 minute walk to Lancaster Gate tube station which is on the central line and close to all tourist attractions. As a few people commented on the wait for breakfast, we went to a pub 2-3 doors away, called the Swan. A good full cooked breakfast, served immediately for £8 each.All in all a good hotel for the price, close to everything you need to see, a pleasant stay.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great view. Great location.	This was a very easy, middle-of-the-road stay. I asked for a room with a view of the park, and they gave it to me. I asked for a better hair dryer than the one in the room, and they provided one. We asked for more towels, and they arrived within two minutes. The room was small, but we expected that. The room was updated, but the bathroom was lacking. It wasn't as clean as it could have been, but it wasn't anything I wouldn't do again. One major downer, but not a deal-breaker, was that our room was literally right next to the pub next door, and one night (Friday night) we couldn't get to sleep until after midnight because of the noise. We knew of this complaint from previous reviews, but we just assumed we would probably be at the pub too, however, we weren't, and it was really loud. I'm sure you could request a room far away from the pub if you think it might be an issue. Good price. Hyde Park is gorgeous and right across the street. We walked through the park to Harrod's and to Buckingham Palace...quite a jaunt, but it was nice. I would stay here again.	
Nov 3 2009 	smart tip	excellent location, small but very &quot;stylish&quot; rooms, very quiet, just across hyde park/kensington garden, 50 m to Lancaster gate (district line) underground station, a lot of different kind of restaurants in walking distance...	
Oct 31 2009 	Great location curfuffle at breakfast pokey rooms poor disabled access	I went down there with 3 other pals (one in a wheel chair) for a boys weekend, On check in we were offered single rooms in stead of the twins we had booked, we jumped at the chance. Our good fortune turned out to be short lived as the single rooms were tiny, being over 6 foot i banged my knees in the bath room more than once. The bath is quite difficult to get in and out off, however even on the 8th floor the shower was excellent. There are 3 lifts/elevators which had mind of there own, I did feel like a little boy playing in the lifts trying to go to breakfast going up and down 3 times before I reached the reception. If you have booked a full english package, which tecnically speaking is not true as they serve butter from scotland and seville orange marmalade. Seriously what you get is well worth the money, the only issue is when you get into the dining room. you need to be in there as early as possible to prevent getting stuck in a queue in the lobby before going down to the dining room. To be fair to the Hotel we were warned about this problem and they do lay on tea and coffee for people waiting in the queue. The only issue I have is that they are not dealing with true problem of the queues and only dealing with the consequences of the queues.The location of the Hotel is good, just over the road form Hyde Park and a short walk from Lancaster Gate tube station. They do not have a recognised disabled access method, which caused our part problems.	
Oct 30 2009 	Definitely NOT a 4* as indicated	This hotel was described to us as a four star ...it was not!!! The room was cold and pokey with little space to pass each other between wardrobe and bed, It was supposed to be double glazed too but the draught was lik a gale. The window sills were covered upon our return in the vening with at least 12 ladybirds. Breakfast was well presented and managed though but that is the only positive thing about the stay. We will NOT be returning as it was such a disappointing experience. PS forgot to mention the gentleman in the room next door snored all night long so no sleep was had by us !!	
Oct 29 2009 	Not up to Standard	Had booked with local travel agent and paid extra at time of booking for room upgrade. On arrival the allocated &quot;superior room&quot; was the size of a wardrobe and although spotlessly clean was in no way equivelant to the 4 stars it purports to be. Spoke to receptionist who was very nice and re-allocated us to a room on the 10th floor which she stated was of the same standard and price. This room was 4 times the size and more in keeping with a 4 star establishment. The real problem came next next morning at breakfast. After standing in a queue for 15 minutes our room number was noted and we were informed there was a further 30 minute wait for breakfast. After a complaint to the manager we received a full refund for the first days breakfast as we refused to wait and were fast tracked into the dining room for the rest of our stay. The staff were very helpful at all times and I cannot fault them but this does not make up for the shortcomings of this hotel and I would not recommend it.	
Oct 29 2009 	Bank Holiday weekend break	Unfortunately we read the reviews on this hotel after we had booked &amp; paid for it. Had we read them beforehand we would not have done so. The room itself &amp; bathroom were tiny, far too small even for two adults (and we are by no means large adults). It was obvious that this was originally a good sized room which was divided in two to produce two rooms which are totally inadequate for any normal person to stay in. Everything about the facilities was small &amp; cramped and this is the first hotel that i have stayed in where a double bed, out of necessity, had to be pushed against the wall !!!!The bathroom was ridiciously small. Really not much more to say about it.We were told on the day we booked that it would be wise to get down early for breakfast the following morning as the hotel was very busy. Having read the reviews we took heed of the warning and were down at 7.30am the following morning. Obviously everybody else was told the same thing and crowds started to build up around 8.00am. By the time we were leaving the dining room at 8.15am there must have been 40-50 people queing to get in for breakfast. We made sure to be down at the same time on the following morning but having to get up at 7.00am while on holidays, just to get in for breakfast was not acceptable.On the plus side the location of the hotel itself is great, very close to Lancaster Gate underground and right beside Hyde Park which is beautiful. The rate per night was reasonable but i definately would not stay there again nor would i recommend it to others. I would much prefer to pay extra and have the feeling of staying in a hotel, not a shoebox!!!	
Oct 29 2009 	Small rooms but convenient location	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel for 3 nights from 17th to 20th August 2009. The exterior and reception areas of the hotel look very decent, butthe room that we had was really tiny. We had asked for a double bed on booking but on arrival they gave us a room with twin beds, that couldn't be joined together either because the room light was situated inbetween the beds. Also the hotel was fully booked so we could not even upgrade. The room had no wardrobes, only a metal rod with some hangers to hang clothes out. There was no space to store luggage. And the bathroom was cramped. So from a room size perpective, it was not good. However, the location of the hotel is excellent. Across the road is Kensington Garden and two tube station, Paddington and Lancaster Gate are within very easy reach so you can travel anywhere at any time. There were some lovely restaurants in the area as well. Other amenities were also closeby, such as a laundromat and internet facilities, that were much cheaper than the hotel.So if you're just looking for a place to sleep at and intend exploring the entire day, then this hotel may suit you. Otherwise give it a miss.	
Oct 28 2009 	Full English? Expect to wait... and wait... and wait...	My thoughts:1. Small room overlooking staff's smoking area- lovely smell of tobacco wafting into the room. 2. Really liked the idea that i could brush my teeth whilst sitting on the toilet and soaking my feet in the bath!3. Nice that they offer coffee and tea in reception area in the morning- not so good when you realise it's because when you go for breakfast you are told there are 40 others in front of you and so to expect a half hour wait at least! Something we were not warned about on check in. When we complained we did have a refund for breakfast that day (as we decided we didn't wish to waste the day waiting for a breakfast we'd paid for like 40 others) and were booked straight in for the day after. However i realised the reason for such long queues was that tables were not turned around quick enough.4. May sound trivial but biscuits. (It all adds to the experience) Well the lack of them with tea and coffee. When we saw them on the house maids trolley we were told they were not available for the type of room we had! What nonsense! I do think paying hundreds of pounds justifies a biccy with your tea!5. Yeah great flat screen TV as advertised but a shame that you can't tune them and that only terestrial TV is available.6. If you use your shampoos and body wash on first day they are not replaced.	
Oct 26 2009 	nobody has mentioned the queue for the breakfast!!!	Oh dear corus!! Lovely hotel with a great location, just far enough away to walk to Regent street and other sites in London, but 4 star - no way!We have never had to wait over 25 minutes to get a table for full english breakfast before, we have been to many hotels in the UK and had to wait a few minutes for breakfast but not 25 - that is terrible. Some people we spoke to had booked to go on the London Eye but were not sure whether they were going to make it, and if you have paid for full english surely you should expect it. Could not fault the staff as they were coping with it very well, the problem is the restaurant downstairs was too small for the amount of guests - not good enough Corus. We upgraded to an executive room which was on the 10th floor and was very roomy - well worth doing. The only problem was the whistling noise coming through the celing vents, whats that all about??? It didnt happen all the time but at 7 o,clock in the morning when your on a leisure break its not a great thing to happen. We booked in for an evening meal on the saterday night and we could recommend this as the food and service was excellent and good value. One more tip to all visitors to this hotel, if you want to have a drink either before or after your meal go to the Swan pub which is just around the corner on Bayswater Road, much cheaper and an excellent atmosphere. Overall we had a great weekend break but could have done without that wait on a morning.	
Oct 25 2009 	Pokey Rooms	We booked a standard room. Huge mistake. The room was so narrow you had to get on the bed from the foot. A pathetic looking ironing board hung off the wall next to the bed and a tacky little metal fan was fitted to the wall to cool the room down. The window was fitted with ironwork which made the room look more like a jail cell than hotel. Everything was done on the cheap.	
Oct 23 2009 	Lovely but bit out of the way!	The hotel itself looks pretty from the outside and inside looks really elegant and nice. The rooms are small but you can't expect much bigger in London really! I don't think it's worth the price as it was really quite expensive (£80 per night) but it is a really nice place to stay. The nearest tube station is Lancaster Gate which is about 5/10 minute walk away but there isn't really much in walking distance without the tube. The nearest shop was quite expensive so I'd advise having something already with you if you're going to get peckish on your way home from a night out! Taxi driver had a bit of trouble finding it too.	
Oct 18 2009	Great location tiny twin room with grotty outlook	The hotel location was excellent beside Hyde Park at the top of Oxford Street, the reception staff were friendly the breakfast great. The twin room 308 was very small and dark and with a horrible dirty outlook and it smelled slightly damp. I didn't complain as I was with my teenage daughter who didn't mind, it was not the only one in the corridor and it was a last minute deal, however I would not accept that room again in what is suposed to be a four star hotel. I would recommend for the location with the warning to check the room first.	
Oct 18 2009 	stayed at the Corus Hyde Park	It's a 3 stars hotel, so I didn't expect much (part of a long business trip in the city). I was actually really surpriesd. The staff was really great and welcoming, my room was a bit too small for my taste, but it was okay. I ordered through last minute travel site, the price was affordable. Right on the corner of Hyde Park, that was amazing.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great Location	This hotel is in an excellent location, very near the tube and opposite hyde park. However the regular rooms are very small, we had to upgrade to the family room to ensure a good standard of room. Breakfast was nothing special, limited choice and availability. Staff fairly friendly but as its a very busy hotel can queue for a while at reception and bar areas.	
Oct 9 2009 	Clean and friendly place to stay	I read some of the reviews on this site before our stay and agree, yes the rooms can be on the small side. Our room on the seventh floor was fine for our four night stay. We had a faulty lightbulb which was attended to swiftly. The food was great and one thing I'd recommend is the pre-theatre dinner two course meal for ten pounds each. The portions are not large but certainly filling and beautifully presented-not just thrown on the plate. We were served on both nights we did this by the lady who showed us to our breakfast table each morning. We wondered if she ever got to sleep at any time! She always seemed to be there. All the staff we came in contact with were very friendly and efficient. We will certainly consider staying here next time we are in London.	
Oct 9 2009 	ok hotel but standard rooms are frighteningly small	We booked the hotel based on the nice photos on the website and seemingly great price. When we arrived we found that our &quot;standard&quot; room was more like a cupboard under the stairs, we could barely stand up in it and immediately had the sense of panicky claustrophobia! To get a normal size room you have to get an executive type room. We booked it online through British Airways, and initially were told that the hotel wouldn't allow us to upgrade ourselves when we asked to pay more, but thankfully someone from BA spoke to the hotel and we were allowed to pay more money for a normal size room. The foyer is nice and smart and the location is great.	
Oct 7 2009 	An OK hotel but rooms VERY small...	Having stayed at many London Hotels in the past I stayed in the Corus Hyde Park for my wifes birthday to allow us to see a show. The pictures seen on the website do not do it justice. Checkin/Out easy and quick. Breakfast---interesting one here. MASSIVE queues just to get in for breakfast in the morning plus MASSIVE queues to actually get food. Staff during breakfast seemed uninterested. Bar---clean and quick. Room. We stayed in a double room. This BY FAR is the smallest hotel room we have EVER stayed in. The actual doors to enter room and enter the bathroom wereabout 3/4 the size of a regular door. I am a big person and some times I had togo in sideways...no kidding. The room felt as if an original normal sized room had been partitioned down the middle with a false wall. The bathroom was so small i could touch all four walls easily with alimb while sitting on toilet. The shower was excellent but to enter shouwer the side of the bath was so high that I imagine some people may find it difficult to enter/exit.All in all a good hotel and value for money.....but rooms terribly claustrophobic.	
Oct 6 2009 	OK Hotel	Good hotel clean and tidy, good location right next to Hyde Park, facilities just what you need for a short stay and won't break the bank, just don't eat in if you like adult size wholesome portions - try the Swan pub next door. Not that the foods not good - it is, modern tasty and good service - just tiny portions. If they were intended to be works of art they would be priceless . After a hard days shopping, sightseeing or work however its just not what you want or need!	
Oct 6 2009 	very enjoyable stay	Good location, 3 mins Lancaster Gate Tube. Room clean and with everything required. Staff courteous and helpful.Breakfast perfectly adequate.Double/secondary glazing would have been helpful for traffic noise.	
Oct 6 2009 	small rooms	The standard double room is too small and not worth the price. Too many peolpe for the breakfast during the weekend. Wating time 20-30 minutes. Next time I'll find another hotell.	
Oct 6 2009 	Small but well-equipped room in a good location with FAST lifts/elevators	First trip to London. 20th anniversary gift from DH. Lobby is attractive, modern. Check-in was slow. Waited about 12 mins. to check in, tough when you're hungry. One of the best aspects of the hotel was the bank of elevators. We were on the 7th floor and those things were FAST and there were plenty of them, I think 4. Very pleasant surprise and great since we constantly forgot things in the room or ran up to drop off jackets or umbrellas after walking outside to face yet another gorgeous warm late Sept day. High ratings to London and Mother Nature for producing those jewels.The room was laughably small, very plain with stark white walls and threadbare carpeting at the entrance, but overall well-appointed. Room was about 7ft x 15ft. (plus tiny bath) with a double bed at the window end tucked in the corner against 2 walls. Our neighbors must have thought I was sending code because I knocked my elbow against the wall every time I turned over. There were no drawers or closet/armoire, just a rack to hang things so we basically lived out of the suitcases, which I hate, especially for a 3 night stay. There was a long angled desk and chair with a huge mirror (and magnifying mirror built in) that really saved the room. It was so convenient for me to get ready at that unsteamy mirror while my husband showered. AND the hairdryer (which was very powerful and not the typical hotel blower) was located at that desk. My hair looked GREAT in London. I also loved the shower, once I figured out the arrangement of knobs etc. Good water pressure and roomy enough. The hotel should invest in one of those curved shower rods to give a little more space. Biggest drawback was the noise. Our room was at the junction of Bayswater Road (a very busy street that runs along the north edge of Hyde Park) and a side road. There was traffic all night long. I was glad I saved the airplane ear plugs because that saved my sleep for the last two nights.We really liked the location. Hyde Park is a lovely place to walk and sit outside. Our first day, we walked down to the Victoria and Albert Museum, saw the very impressive monument to Prince Albert (a one mile walk from Corus) and Diana's fountain (less impressive, the Royal Family could definitely have done better with that). The Lancaster Gate tube stop is a block and a half away so very convenient, though we ended up taking the doubledecker buses everywhere and enjoyed them more (nearly half the price of the tube as well).Food: a continental breakfast was included in our package so we did eat there each morning, preferring to save our dining pounds for other meals and there wasn't a wait any morning for the continental. My expectations weren't high from reviews I'd read, but the spread was sufficient for our needs. Every day was the same: a platter of very nice ham, a variety of packaged cheeses, croissants and rolls, oatmeal, cereal, some unappealing fruit, plain yogurt with fruit sauces to stir in, tea and coffee. I was happy to see the ham and cheese—the protein kept me going until lunchtime. We didn't try the restaurants but were disappointed by the early closing of the bar and even more so the Swan next door. We tried to go there at 11:45pm on a Saturday night when tables were still occupied outside and we were shooed away by the waiter who insisted they were closed. Not so pleasant to the tourists—in fact few of the bar staff we encountered were anything close to welcoming. We were surprised because we are a former bartender, cocktail waitress couple who knows our way around a drinking establishment. Definitely NOT pushy or obnoxious, plus we tip well (which I don't think is the custom in the UK). All in all a pleasant stay at the Corus. I might like to try another hotel (there are tons in the area) if the price was right and the reviews were excellent, but in the Hyde Park area, I would recommend Corus.	
Oct 4 2009 	Poor	This hotel, in my opinion, is best avoided. We stayed two nights, wither end of a trip to Tokyo. We had booked a family room, which turned out to be an outsize double. Cleanliness wasn't fantastic, and the whole thing felt a tad grubby and dated. There weren't even enough towels for a family. The family sleeping accommodation was two double beds pushed together 'Goldilocks and the three bears' style! The first room in particular was poorer, on a corridor that stank of stale cigarettes. Safes were either inoperative, or not screwed to anything. What a waste of time.On both nights we were distured by fire alarms, and when i stumbled downstairs to find out what was going on, nobody knew. Shambles. Breakfast was a ridiculour price, so we ate at the nearby Craven Cafe, which was very good. I managed to get £50 off my rate for the inconvenience. If I had more time to do some research, I wouldn't have stayed on my return. I cannot recommend this hotel	
Sep 30 2009 	Fantastic Convenient and Spotlessly clean	Lovely hotel in very close proximity to Lancaster Gate Tube. Rooms were very clean, couldn't fault them. Staff were friendly and eager to help. Bathroom small but has everything required. Ironing board and iron in room, flat screen remote control TV, hairdryer, air conditioned... No drawers though, which I found a little irksome.Breakfast was self service and no queues, served from 6.30 - 10 am. Plenty of choices to suit everyones needs. Word of warning.. we returned from the theatre and decided to visit the hotels restaraunt, however it was closed at 10.30 pm!! Walk out the doors of the hotel and across the road into beautiful gardens and on Sunday mornings the local artists display and sell their work on the railings to the park.. very nice.	
Sep 16 2009 	Just what I needed	Booked a single room at this hotel at the last minute, having got a ticket for Proms in the Park. Hotel was within walking distance of venue.Nice, but small, quiet room on 5the floor with A/C, Flat screen tv and small bathroom, perfectly adequate for my needs. Room was clean and bed very comfortableStaff were excellent.Didn't eat in hotel.	
Sep 12 2009 	Great Location	Stayed for three nights in what most be one of the smallest standard rooms in London.Bathroom was tiny, but both the room &amp; bathroom were very clean Hotel is well placed for Hyde Park &amp; close to Paddington Station &amp; tube links.Check in was smooth &amp; staff were very helpfull.Breakfast wasnt worth bothering with! You had to stand in line until your room number was called, then you had to find a table &amp; serve yourself. Food was luke warm &amp; of a poor choice. ( breakfast was served in the basement which was a rather drab room ) Many tables had not been cleared ,generally an unpleasant experience !We found a good take away around the corner .  They would cook anything that you requested for a fraction of the hotel price !!( &amp; it was of a much better quality) The local police &amp; taxi drivers all ate there !!!!!!!!The bar was nice &amp; made the best vodka lime sodas &amp; they had a very comprehensive selection of whisky.We would stay here again .	
Sep 12 2009 	OK .. in the end	My experience was a tale of 2 rooms. I was initially given a room on the 8th floor which was more like a cell than a hotel room. It was so small I had difficulty in getting my bag through the door. The room was dark, dingy, and the carpet smelled badly of cigarette smoke.After complaining, I was told that I could be upgraded for the discounted rate of an additional £20 per night. I had a second go at trying to be moved which was successful. The room on the 9th floor was much better and resulted in a pleasant stay.Personally I thought the hotel was not great value compared to other hotels of similar standard.On the positive side it is in a good location, ideal for Hyde Park.	
Sep 8 2009 	great value for money	this hotel is really good, i enjoyed staying there, mostly the location is great. I ordered the room through easyclick and i think it was a good price. The rooms are very nice and clean. I wouldn't say it's very fancy, though, and the rooms could be bigger. but the location is so great that I really didn't mind. Hyde park is right outside the hotel, and the tube is so close.	
Sep 7 2009 	Corus is a hotel I'd stay at again	Stayed at the Corus from Aug 23-28/09. Have to say that the location of this hotel is fabulous. Hyde park is right outside the door, and the Lancaster Gate tube station is close by. I recommend getting a tube pass for travel around London, we purchased a 7 day oyster card but found that we didn't use the bus system. Very easy to access the tourist attractions from this hotel.I found the hotel was exactly what I expected...a mid-range hotel with rooms on the small side. This is my second stay in the same area of London, and the rooms at the Corus are huge in comparison to the last hotel. I think this is to be expected in London unless you are prepared to pay the big $$$.Extremely friendly staff, clean rooms, internet access in the lobby (for those of us that do not have laptops), and breakfast every morning. I must say that the breakfast is very mundane, but there was something there for everyone. Staff was excellentI would recommend this hotel to anyone as a very reasonable, clean, and central place to stay while in London.	
Sep 3 2009 	Not 4 star. Three at best. Entrance nice but rooms tired and very small.	We booked a superior room for a weekend break with superbreak. Luckily we got a good deal but would have been disappointed if paid any more. Fire alarm went off each morning and this could be very dangerous as people ignored it. Sunday went off at 9.30 in morning for about 10 minutes. Breakfast was slow to say the least and asked for receipt on checkout to show that we had no bill to pay and they were unable to do this. Location great and very close to tube. Was clean but I have stayed in better rooms in 2* bed and breakfast. Poor quality fittings in rooms.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great Location canny staff good breakfast but Claustrphobic rooms.	Stayed over the bank holiday period, 1st room (standard) couldn't see out of the window becasue of all the condensation and its position. For the price they charge for a standard I expected something far, far better than that. Very claustrophobic. This should really have been a single room judging by the dimensions.On complaining, was upgraded to an executive room free of charge. This should be the level expected for a standard room, certainly not what I would call an executive standard. Bathroom was small but usable. However, because the extractor fan did not work mildew was forming on the grouting.The room itself was very clean and the maid service was good. There was a very unusaul smell perveying around the corridor on the floor we occupied. (5th)The meals were ok, unfortunately as the breakfasts are self-service, the food is continually topped up during the period and is kept hot in the baine-maries. (only the weekend before we stayed in a country hotel and breakfasts were cooked to order and prices were half the costs ). The staff in the restaurants were very welcoming and pleasant enough.We took an early &quot; Theatre Dinner&quot; which was quite nice but not a great deal of choice. Our waitress, a polish girl by the name of &quot;Blanka&quot;, seen to our every need and was very charming and very efficient with a good command of english.The fire alarms went off in the early hours, twice. An apology was placed in the lifts but apparently it is a frequent occurance.The hotel has an underground station only 100mtrs away ( you can feel it when lying in bed) and is across the road from the parks, the main city centre isn't too far away if you enjoy a walk.The previous year we stayed at the Tara Copthorne and was a better hotel in comparison and much cheaper. The owners/management should have a real good look at what it charges for its rooms and the level of accommodation on offer. Sorry, but just because its got a good location does not justify its pricing policy. Would we stay there again? I don't think so. I heard other people say it was very good, well theres no accounting for peoples taste is there.	
Aug 30 2009 	overnight stay	Stayed at Corus 1 night. Had upgraded to executive room. Room was small, bathroom tiny, decor tired. Hate to think what standard/superior room would have been like. Breakfast not included. Large queues for breakfast.Location superb opposite Italian gardens Hyde Park. 10 mins walk in Hyde Park following serpentine brings you to Hyde Park Lido, great location on lake for breakfast, full english breakfast £6.50 + healthy alternatives, juices etc.Hotel average, location great	
Aug 28 2009 	Lovely Hotel Great Location	This hotel is in a great location, just beside Hyde Park and within walking distance of the tube. The rooms themselves are a little bit small but are really clean and comfortable. The Swan pub is around the corner and offers some lovely food at a reasonable price. I will be staying there again when I go back again in October.	
Aug 25 2009	Never again - 2 nights twice as many problems!	The location of this hotel is great - same could not be said of some of the staff and their accounts department. Evening meal on the first evening was when it came alright, however when it came to pay the bill we were ignored and in the end my daughter went to bed. Only after another 25 mins did I finally get the bill!Made a cup of tea in the room and the long life milk was off !Breakfast - dont bother with the full english - you have to give your room number in then are told to wait untill it is called out. We were told around 15 mins - 45 mins later after others had come down after us had gone for theirs we asked what was happening , &quot;Sorry we overlooked your room number.&quot; Safe to say that on the second morning we booked breakfast to be taken to the room. Finally we paid our bill for the stay only to receive a letter later the following week saying that they had had problems with their card machines and would I kindly send them a cheque for the amount owing. Luckily I still had my receipt and card authorisation code and have contacted my bank to check, who told the amount had gone through on the said day. Contacted the hotel and told them only to have a half hearted apology. Their account had also since twice tried to put my card details through without my being there.Be very careful staying here with your cards! Location is not worth being conned!!!	
Aug 24 2009 	Great Location Not so Great Hotel	I can't recommend this four star hotel. The rooms are tiny (usual for London) and painted stark white, like little hospital rooms with absolutely no character or charm. Unless you upgrade your room, there are also no fans or air conditiioners and consequently the little rooms heat up very quickly. The staff is indifferent and somewhat snippy. The continental break at around 8 pounds is difinitely not worth the money. I suggest picking a three star hotel with a little local charm and staff who care if you live or die.	
Aug 21 2009 	good choice	I had the opportunity to stay in three different types of rooms on two seperate occasions at this hotel.... all in a span of few days.Thing is we were a party of three enroute canada... and had reserved one single and one standard twin room.We arrived early in the morning and were informed that single room was ready but the twin room would not be available till 2 pm.. however they offered us an upgrade to executive twin room for 30 pounds per night.i stayed in the single room while my companions stayed in the twin room. On our return from Canada we stayed in london for one night in standard twin room... and heres my take on the room categories..The standard single and twin rooms are small... but very comfortable.. specially if you dont have more than a single suitcase each. Rooms are fitted with modern amenities, flat screen TV, inroom safe, climate control, kettle and tea/coffee.Bathrooms are also on the smaller side but very clean. Adequate towels, washcloths, tissues, etc.Rooms are kept very tidy too.Continental breakfast was included in our room rate and was the usual fare. Nothing special.The executive rooms are much larger. But I believe they havent been refurbished in a while. The standard rooms have more contemporary fittings.I guess if one needs lotsa space the executive rooms are fine. But if one doesent plan to be in the room for a long time, the standard rooms are more than adequate.The location of the hotel is very good too. couple of mins walk from lancaster gate tube station. A taxi ride to nearby paddington station costs around 5-6 pounds, and gives easy access to heathrow via the heathrow express ( 16.50 pounds, per person, one way, standard class).I have stayed at the Cumberland during one of my earlier visits, which is better located ( right next to marble arch tube station)and is a four star hotel, but its also lot more expensive.Comparitively, the Corus Hyde park offers better value.If I am on a business trip to London again, I would definitely stay at the Corus.	
Aug 20 2009 	excellent for a theatre break	the only down side was that the bed side lights did not operate separately so when my son or i woke up in the middle of the night we did not feel able to put our bedside light on for fear of waking the other person up as they were operated on a joint basis only.other than that friendly staff, convenient location, excellent breakfast choice.	
Aug 19 2009 	Good clean no frills hotel in good location	Very welcoming staff and good, clean room. Like most hotels, not a lot of room for two largish cases but that is normal.Facilities good and real nice food.	
Aug 18 2009 	Good location enjoyed our stay !!	Just back from a 2 night stay at the Corus ( booked via Travel republic ) Board was B&amp;B ( contintental).Hotel is really close to Lancaster Gate ( central line ) and overlooks Hyde Park, about 10-15 mins walk to Oxford streetLobby area quite nice, our room was not ready until 2pm. The room itself was small, but cosy, beds comfortable, aircon working, hairdryer, tea and coffee making facilties. Bathroom was small, but clean, good power shower. Breakfast was ok ....could have been better ( more fruit) but was adequate, the breakfast room was nice and the seat by the window was lovely in the sunshine.Staff friendly enough, nice little bar area. Would stay again, for the price and location .	
Aug 18 2009 	nice hotel but definitely not a 4 star hotel. not value for money.	I chose this hotel on the basis that it is a 4 star hotel and was very disappointed. we stayed in room 602 and oh my goodness it was the tiniest room ever, even by london standards!!we booked into the viceroy, Executive room and wished we'd never bothered, as I'm sure the standard room couldn't have been much smaller! I wish we'd complained now looking back but i am going to complain as it really was tiny!! even the door into the en suite wasn't a full size door!!the staff were ok, nothing special a bit like walking into a travel lodge, hotel was clean but very average, not at all a 4 star quality!the food for breakfast was good but the service in here were terrible! tables were left messy and while we were eating used plates/bowls weren't moved as we had finished using them. staff were generally pleasant and well mannered but it all seemed apologetic at the state of the service. again not 4 star!in general I would say it's an average 3 star hotel not a 4 star so with that the rooms are VERY over priced even though hyde park is on it's door step and it's very close to lancaster gate tube station.	
Aug 16 2009 	Not Bad	This hotel has a great location just outside of the central city. The concierge and front desk staff are not very friendly, but overall the hotel is decent. The room was a decent size. We had trouble with the toilet not flushing and maintenance came to fix it twice before it worked. The continental breakfast is lacking. They only provided the bare minimal in food. Overall, for the price, location and surroundings.	
Aug 10 2009 	Awful	I have stayed in many hotels in London over the years for business and pleasure. I was so disappointed by this hotel. On arrival we were checked into a room that can only be described as a rabbit hutch, the air conditoning did not work, there was no windows and the &quot;bathroom&quot; door wouldnt close. The en-suite was so small my partner could not stand up. We went back to reception and they offered to upgrade us for a fee of £20 each to a room that was still so so small and again the air conditioning did not work.We lasted one night in this hotel, when we tried to complain the staff were unhelpful and rude. I wouldnt wish anyone to stay in this glorified B &amp; B	
Aug 8 2009	A hotel to go back to in London.	My husband and I just returned from a 3 week trip thru France tovisit family, a trip to Paris and a 5 day trip to London before coming home. We were just delighted with the Corus Hotel. Withone exception, everyone was polite, efficient, helpful and gave youthe feeling they were there to go the extra mile if need be. And forthe one or two glitches, they did indeed go the extra bit. The hotelis cozy and upbeat with a really nice reception area and bar andrestaurant. We did go down the road for a much cheaper andexcellent breakfast. That was the beauty of this hotel. It is located next to the Lancaster tube, across from Hyde Park anddown the avenue from stores, buses, Marble Arch, etc. I wouldabsolutely recommend this hotel to friends and we will most certainly return. We stayed five nights so they upgraded us, no charge, to aroom that was perfectly fine with a large bathroom. We had no problems with the service, wake up calls, etc. All in all, avery good experience.	
Aug 4 2009 	Excellent hotel - just order a larger room :)	We stayed at Corus Hotel Hyde Park for four nights. We loved it. Just make sure you order a larger room. Our first room was the tiniest hotel room I’ve ever been in. Room around the bed only on two sides, no closets, and no room for the suitcases and in the bathroom you could wash your hands while on the loo. Thankfully we were able to upgrade after the first night. And it was like going from hell to heaven. Suddenly our room had a living area, a walk-in closet and the bathroom (with shower AND tub) was larger than our first room. Disregarding the first night, this hotel was absolutely fantastic. The service both at front desk and restaurant was superb. The room was bright, clean, modern (goes also for the first tiny room).I would not hesitate to go back ?	
Aug 3 2009 	Clean hotel/good location	Stayed here for a 3 night trip with my partner. Located very close to both tube and Paddington Station in order to see the sights. Lovely buffet style english breakfast, but only downside is that it can get v busy and you have to queue for a table. Staff were friendly &amp; helpful. Rooms were small but very clean, we asked for a quieter room and the hotel provided this for us on the tenth floor.Room could do with a bit of redecoration though. Overall though a nice hotel and good value.	
Aug 2 2009 	disappointed	We booked to stay here for a 3 night break to London. The location is good as its very near Lancaster Gate tube station on the central line. We had a standard room and it was tiny, the smallest room I've ever stayed in and I felt quite claustrophobic in there. The bed was small for the 2 of us, not sure if it might have been a 3/4 size and not a double. However we really weren't in it very much so I guess it didn't matter. Bathroom was fine but again tiny. We had breakfast included in the basement restaurant which was fine, full english, the usual.It is fine for a one night stay or for someone on their own on business but definitely not for a romantic break to London!	
Aug 1 2009 	Great Location value for money but room small and breakfast slow!!!!	Hotel was in a nice location, close to a tube and a bus stop. However as previous guests have said the rooms( Superior) are small and the breakfast is very slow!! On the first day there was a 20 minute wait for the full english breakfast (downstairs) so we opted for the continental (upstairs). It was ok - croissants and coffee/ juice etc. but no fresh fruit. The next morning we opted for the full english,after all that's what we had paid for and we were told it would only be a few minutes. We were called out by room number and made our way downstairs expecting the breakfast room to be heaving. Not all, verging on empty and it appeared that the reason for the delay was lack of staff to clear tables. On the whole it is value for money if you get a good discount but I would have been extremely dissapointed if I had paid the full price.	
Jul 31 2009 	nice hotel in the centre of london	i stayed here for 3 nights for a break to go shopping and see london. it was a nice hotel in a great location. the rooms are extremely small though and with your suitcase, theres not much room to move around. its a typical boutique hotel but its location is really what makes this hotel great. its right beside the lancaster gate underground stop and therefore it makes seeing the sights in london very easy. its directly across from hyde park and a 20 minute walk to oxford street although i always used the tube as it only takes 2 minutes to get to oxford street. The breakfast is fairly standard but its a full english. the continental is terrible though. theres more to choose from in the continental section of the full english breakfast restaurant. if you can get a decent enough price for thishotel (which is hard to as it is london) but around £90 - £100 a night then it'll be well worth it	
Jul 20 2009 	Fantastic location service food!	Close to Lancaster Gate tube station we found the hotel clean, comfortable with excellent staff. The rooms are well designed and compact, not for those with a fuller figure. Of particular note is the hotel restaurant which offers early theatre suppers as well as both Malaysian and English evening menus. I would have no hesitation on reccomending this hotel to others.	
Jul 19 2009 	Brilliant hotel close to lancaster Gate Tube station	Lovely hotel overlooking Hyde Park easy walk to top of Oxford Street and the biggest Primark! Excellent Service, we booked this as a cheapy girls weekend and did not expect a full english breakfast to be included. 3-4 mins walk to Lancaster Gate tube station, arrived back fairly late at night and no feeling of threat at all as can often be felt when leaving tube stations as a couple of women on their own. Good pub next door. Overall a lovely hotel and would not hesitate to book again.	
Jul 17 2009 	Compact but comfy	I arrived at the hotel exhausted from a delayed flight from Glasgow to find the hotel easy walking distance from paddington station, However if you are taking the tube I think lancaster gate is closer. I was delighted to see how close it was to Hyde Park across the road! The reception area is nice and very courteous staff, I was a bit dismayed to see a sign charging £30 for air con but luckily I had it in my room. Also there was a £5 surcharge for breakfast in my room which I felt was a bit steep. But that was my only concerns the room itself was very small but very well laid out and very modern, Lovely comfy bed and great shower! Although the green neon light in the bathroom is dubious but I suspect its just to look good! Tea and coffee where fine and I had an iron and trouser press in my room. Sat TV a lovely LG plasma for ctaching up on the news, We went for a walk and arrived in a lovely arab part of town which gave me lovely memories of Abu Dhabi the smell of the shisha and lovely arabic food. The room at night was quiet consiering it was central london this was fab and the shutters on the windows really kept any noise to a minimum, all in all great hotel great price if a wee bitty small.	
Jul 12 2009 	Location fantastic - room "compact and bijou" though!	Booked the Corus through our local Thomas Cook on a two-night Superbreak. Great value at £110pp including rail travel, even adding on another £55 each for a theatre/dinner package made it a well-priced London break.Pleasant reception area, extremely polite and helpful young lady checked us in very speedily, nice to get two keycards. Room on 6th floor with our &quot;usual&quot; London view - the backyard and the rubbish bins! - but could hardly expect panoramic Park views for the price. Room was clean but by some distance the tiniest double room that I have ever encountered in over 30 years, even the room door was narrower than standard size. Shower room (no bath) 6 tiles by 6 - assuming 8in tiles thats 3 and a half feet - miniscule handbasin and correspondingly tight shower. I'm average height and weight, my wife is petite so no problems for us but too bad if you're built for comfot rather than speed as it were..........Bed similar in that not full size(?) and against the wall. One chair, hanging rail (no enclosed wardrobe, no drawer space at all), ironing board, hairdryer, decent sized desk, massive wall mirror. Wall mounted TV, full Freeview, air con with excellent controls, good lighting. Full breakfast was good - the downstairs restaurant not as nice as the brasserie - a touch canteenish, but good selection of hot and cold food and again unfailingly polite and aattentive staff, plates cleared quickly and efficiently.As others have commented, location cannot be faulted, barely a minute to Tube station in a well-lit area opposite Kensington Gardens. 4 star rating a tad ambitious - would look for a full size room with wardrobe / storage space, bath and armchairs, but for a base to do the London tourist bit this hotel certainly ticks the boxes.	
Jul 11 2009 	Good for London	I admit to being slightly worried at some of the reviews on the site (I never book anywhere wthout consulting Trip Advisor) Normally in London we stay at the Ruebens, but this was a last minute rail inclusive deal so we booked perhaps despite the reviews. Without exception all staff very very friendly and helpful, the public areas spacious, the English breakfast very very good if perhaps served slightly &quot;canteen&quot; style. The room was very small but very clean and very well equipped with air con, flat screen t.v., and even iron and ironing board. Perhaps the biggest plus was the location with easy access to Hyde Park, Lancaster Gate tube and Marble Arch. Certainly not in the same class as the Ruebens, but at perhaps a third of the price its certainly somewhere I'd stay again.	
Jul 10 2009 	Great Location Small but clean rooms	As other reviewers have said, the location is great. Room we had on third floor was small but clean and more than good enough for us (how much time do you actually spend in a hotel room when in London anyway!) Bathroom particularly small, but again it was clean and the shower was great. It was very hot when we were there so the air conditioning was good to have. Wooden shutters on the windows (instead of curtains) made the room dark and quiet so no problems with getting woken up in the early hours!We were on a full B&amp;B rate, this was more than satisfactory and set us up for a long days walking!We walked from the hotel down to Leicester Square and took under an hour and had a lovely sunset walk round Hyde Park which is across the road from the hotel.We had a great time in London and a great stay at Corus Hyde Park and would definately stay there again	
Jul 9 2009 	Great location small but adequate room - nearly came to grief on their internet booking system!	We booked this hotel well in advance as at £109 it was a good(ish) value solution to staying near the Hyde Park concert venue. The location couldn't have been bettered.Check-in nearly didn't happen as I'd failed to notice that due to problems with the Corus website I'd booked a room for the night I tried to book on the website rather than when I wanted to stay! Thankfully the wonderful Monika on reception saved the day and we secured a 7th floor room. Perfectly adequate but very small (the room, not Monika!).The bar/reception area was a pleasant spot for a post-gig drink and the late night store next door a good solution for accompanying late night nibbles! Heard poor reports about the continental breakfast but we used local coffee shop as not included in rate we had.	
Jul 6 2009 	Good location good price watch the room description!	My partner and I stayed at the hotel last week and all in all it was a good stay. The check in was friendly and the room was clean. We did not eat or drink in the hotel so cannot comment on that. One thing I was rather miffed about was the description of the room.. We paid £20 extra via Last Minute.com for a superior room, but were rather disappointed with the Corus' version of a superior room. The room was really small with no room to walk about at all. There was no mini bar or comfy chairs, the toiletries were basic to say the least and there were only 8 channels on the TV - no freeview, just American news channels. For us it was not too bad as we only paid £20, but for guests paying full rack rate, this could be a bigger disappointment for them.The location of the hotel was brilliant - a one minute walk from Lancaster Gate tube on the Central Line and a 15 minute walk to Marble Arch/Oxford Street. If you're looking for a nice place to eat near the hotel, we ate at 'Island' restaurant which is part of The Royal Lancaster Hotel - great food, great service and not bad value for money, we paid £56 for 2 (we only drank 2 bottles of sparkling water though!)All in all a good stay, the hotel is not four star compared to others I have stayed in - just be careful about paying extra for an upgrade..	
Jul 6 2009 	Good Value	Cost £99.00 B&amp;B in advance through last minute so good value. Clean, good location, friendly staff (for London). Relaxed lobby area with plenty of seating. Tiny rooms. Continental breakfast was rubbish, but english breakfast not bad. Smack bang across from Hyde Park. 10 minutes walk to Oxford street. 15-20 minutes to Knightsbridge. Next to Lancastergate tube station. Would not pay the normal hotel rate (£220!!) but would stop again for a couple of nights for the right price.	
Jul 6 2009 	Definitely NOT a 4 star hotel.	This hotel is in a fabulous location but that's really where the good news ends. They had originally booked us into a non-smoking double room despite my having specifically requested a smoking room. They then changed this to a twin smoking room which was totally unsatisfactory for us as a couple on a weekend break. The room was small and poky with dirty carpet on the floor and the most basic of amenities. The windows were old and single glazed which allowed all the noise from the street to be heard all night. The walls of the room were paper thin and we heard our neighbouring rooms occupants every move. This is definitely NOT a four star hotel as they would like to suggest and we will definitely not be staying there again.	
Jul 5 2009 	Good hotel good location 	Hotel suited our requirements - pleasant, professional staff - good breakfast. Comfortable, air conditioned rooms.	
Jun 29 2009 	Corus Hotel - Slow rude and painful - Do not book this hotel	The hotel is not a 4Star and the staff are positively rude to guests with no sense of customer service. I cancelled my booking beacause it was such a bad experience	
Jun 28 2009 	What a "PLEASANT SURPRISE"	Come on readers lets get real, we booked this break on the Super Break Deal, and for what we paid for two nights B&amp;B at the hotel and return fare from the North of England anything above travelling down in the Guards van and sleeping in a two man tent in the back garden of the hotel was going to be a bonus. I must admit that last week looking at some of the reviews of the hotel we were starting to get a bit concerned. We had no need to be, Great Rail Travel, Smart Clean Hotel, I agree the rooms were a little on the small side but they were very clean and adequate for us. We would rather have had a small clean room than a large dirty one. We were shocked after reading the reviews how good the breakfasts were. We had no complaints at all and we have rebooked for a pre Christmas shopping break at the Hotel. We might add that we are picky with regards to cleanliness and decent food, and everything was fine. Probably the best £ for £ bargain we have had for a long time. Some costs, Taxi from Kings Cross to the Hotel, we paid £15.00 including tip. Get a day Tube Ticket £5-20 each restricted times or £7-40 each any time go any where. Lancaster Gate Station 2 mins away, well worth it. .Good luck and please don't be put off by some of the reviews, go with an open mind and enjoy it. A &amp; J ( Harrogate )	
Jun 27 2009 	Great Hotel!!	Just got back today from a one night stay at the Corus Hyde Park after attending The Killers gig at Hard Rock Calling.I only really chose this hotel due to its location to Hyde Park, and seeing as though it had fairly high ratings thought id go with it...Good move....Its a lovely hotel, just across the main road from Hyde Park, it also has Lancaster Gate tube station a two minute walk away. Staff on reception very welcoming, i was checked in, even though i was a little early which makes a change for some hotels!! I had booked a single room as i was on my own, and although fairly small, it was fine..Clean, tidy and with a great shower..It even had air-con...Can't comment on the bar or restraunt as i didn't use them, but they looked popular so i think thats a good sign.All in all quite perfect..Great location and a lovely hotel, what more can you ask?Oh, and as usual The Killers were superb!!!!	
Jun 22 2009 	For the price you can do much better than this!	Generally I research hotels before I book them. I guess I was too busy to put a little effort into this. We booked a standard room but were upgraded as there was availability. I would hate to see the standard room! Our room was small and dated. The toilet was like a cupboard that gave little privacy. Thankfully, our stay was short. We were kept awake late at night with a guy packing a van only to be woken at 6 the next morning with the bins going out. Not to mention house keeping at 8:00. Don't bother with breakfast, it's not worth it, we ended up eating out. The bed is something like what you might expect in your granny's. It's really soft and bumpy. It's also the first time my toes tipped the end of the bed, I'm only 5ft 1. What really did bother me was when we went to check out and we weren't even asked if we enjoyed our stay! In this age of economical chaos, it's about time hotels stepped up to the mark. Don't rip people off, charge a price that reflect the quality of the service that you provide.	
Jun 21 2009 	Too basic to be a four-star in my book	The room here was tiny and cramped, and was very, very basic, with only the minimum of amenities in the room. Not what I would expect of a four star hotel at all. There was a barely functioning television, a not terribly clean bathroom, and generally, the place is tired and in need of a bit of a makeover. Toiletries in the bathroom had clearly been opened and left by the previous occupant, which is not pleasant. I have stayed in much cheaper places with the same level of furnishing etc before. Also, it was advertised as having free internet access, but this only applied to communal areas.On a positive note, the staff are lovely and friendly, and were very helpful. It's a shame that the hotel doesn't match the quality of the staff.	
Jun 16 2009 	Good location but not very nice	The room we had booked was so tiny that the bed more or less filled it. We paid for an upgrade to a slightly bigger but more tired looking room which we were told was £40 per night, but later turned out to be £40 per person per night. All in we paid in excess of £400 for two nights.The hotel is not in my opinion 4 star and was very noisy at night and in the mornings. If it wasnt for the location I would have gone elsewhere despite having paid in advance!	
Jun 15 2009 	Get what you pay for	I got a good deal on this hotel at Hotel.com but I definitely would not consider this a hotel a 4 star and I travel to London all the time on business. My room (#510) was the size of a closet and the bed would not have even fit width-wise. The shower was so short that I couldn't stand up in it and I had to take a shower kneeling down. The electric outlet in the bathroom ruined by electric shaver, even though it has a plug in for a US shaver. It shorted it and it will no longer work. If you want WiFi, be ready to fork over $20, same goes for breakfast. The TV did not work the second night. The walls were so thin that I could hear every noise from the connecting rooms. Think again before you think you are getting an amazing deal on a 4 star hotel.	
Jun 11 2009 	Nice Hotel Good Location for a short visit	This is the second time we have stayed in the Corus this is a great location only minutes from Lancaster gate tube and very close to Hyde park if you like a walk. We had a meal on the first night however this was really poor. The plate was chipped and the food was certainly not cooked by a chef. The room was ok for our short visit would not recommend for anything more than 5 days as you would get very confined in the small space. The morning we had to leave the toilet blocked so did not have to wait to have this fixed as we had to check out. I did advise the receptionist who did not seem to be bothered. I have recommend this hotel because of the location and cleanliness however would advise eat out. Wow nearly forgot we had a fire alarm at 7 am due to someone smoking in a non smoking room the hotel; was evacuated.	
Jun 8 2009 	Perfect location	This hotel is in a perfect location, its quite and less than a minutes walk from Lancaster Gate tube station. The bedrooms are clean and tidy, however they are on the small side. We stayed in a standard double room and the bed was tiny and uncomfortable, my partner who is well over 6ft had a difficult time sleeping. The bath rooms are also very small and not being very tall i found it difficult to get into the bath/shower which had a very high side. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, but i dont think i would stay here again.	
Jun 5 2009 	very good	This hotel had great concierge service and could not be handier for sightseeing.opposite hyde park in Lancaster Gate it is great to walk to many venues and good position for Hop On hop Off bus.If you can find time for guided tour of Royal Albert Hall it is worth it.	
Jun 3 2009 	Hotel nice; staff disorganised; food 	at check in we were offered a MUCH bigger room for £20 a night upgrade, a birthday trip with my bro and our respective partners, so we thought ok. Asked for rooms on the same floor. His room was great, reasonably sized ours was obviously a standard and much smaller room. Asked could we have the room next to theirs on the same side of the corridor told it was taken and that ours should be the same as theirs anyway. I told them not so and wouldn't pay the upgrade. Staff thought our room was next door anyway but was actually a few doors off on the opposite side. Finally spoke to the shift manager who said would change us to the one next door !!! BUT even tho' I told the staff we were in a rush to get to the theatre this all took about 30-40minutes and subsequently got to the theatre late. I found a bug in our bed and my bro found stains in his !! Next day when we went down to breakfast we had to wait 15minutes but were told to help ourselves to coffee (upstairs continental breakfats room which we could have had but weren't told so) when called to breakfast downstairs had to wait another 5mins to be seated in a half empty room. Food stations both upstairs and downstairs were very messy and poorly stocked, food was not nice, both mornings the croissants tasted like they had been out all night. I had to go and ask staff for toast instead of being offered. The first day my bro had room service breakfast, which came with no cutlery and the milk in two large mugs instead of a jug. In the bar in the evening the tables were cluttered and sticky and no-one was around clearing up. the executive rooms we were in had no mini bar just an empty fridge. Either they had major absences or this hotel has very bad HR skills. The standard room we had first been given had a tiny portable tv with a rubbish picture. The building was 4star but all the rest the servicing and food etc was most certainly not. The location however was fantastic !!!	
May 31 2009 	other reviews had really worried me	My husband and i have just returned from this hotel after a 2 night stay with 2 boys age 7 and 12. It was a special treat, but after reading some bad reviews i was really concerned in the days leading up to our trip. We haven't stayed in many hotels but this compared well to others that we have stayed in ( also 4 star). We felt that for central London in a very good area of the city and for the cost we had a very good deal. We booked through Superbreaks for 2 nights, 2 rooms and top price show tickets for £560,( show tickets were £240 alone). Yes the rooms are small but who cares? what do you need to do in them? The rooms were clean.Our view was not great but we didn't look at it, Hyde park is across the road so we had lots of lovely views outside. All the staff were friendly ( so were we) and helpful. Breakfast does get busy but they do warn you about that on an info sheet on your bed and they advise to arrive before 8.30 to get a seat straight away and this appeared to be perfectly true. All in all we had a great time and would definatly go back again.	
May 31 2009	Good hotel in a great location	This is the second time I have stayed in the Corus Hyde Park, the first being in May 2008 - it is difficult to find anywhere else that offers good quality rooms and a great London location at an affordable price.The hotel is just over from Hyde Park and Bayswater Road, only a couple of minutes walk from Lancaster Gate tube station, which makes this hotel an excellent base for exploring London. If you have half an hour spare, a stroll through Hyde Park in the sunshine and some people-watching is always a pleasant way of killing some time.The hotel lobby is large and airy and welcoming, although I noted the door porter with the top hat who was there in 2008 no longer exists. Check-in was slow as we got the trainee behind the desk, but ultimately went smoothly.Our room this year was an Executive Twin (&quot;Viceroy&quot; in Corus language) which was not one of the recently refurbished rooms that have modern grey furnishings, flat screen tvs etc. Instead ours was slightly more dated, but nonetheless well maintained, clean and considerably more spacious than the standard rooms. The bathroom was clean and standard fare, although has no windows and no extractor fan either - it rapidly turned into a sauna after just a quick hot shower. However we found a big toenail clipping on the bedroom carpet when we arrived and noticed that the soap scum around the bathroom basin (there is no soap dish) hadn't been cleaned up one day, making us wonder how thorough the room-making actually is. Bedding, sheets and towels were all very clean and correct.The room looked east from the hotel which is surprisingly quiet considering the location of the hotel. It was very quiet overnight allowing for lovely, restful sleep. However I can imagine that the rooms overlooking Bayswater Road &amp; Hyde Park are considerably noisier (the traffic never stops!), something to be beware of if you need quiet to get to sleep.Other than check-in and check-out we had little contact with staff as there was no reason to, except at breakfast time. Unfortunately the cooked breakfast buffet, despite being delicious, is a rather chaotic affair over the weekend when the tourists in the hotel all descend for breakfast at the same time towards the end of the breakfast period. Queues rapidly form in the hotel lobby to get into the breakfast room downstairs, upon being admitted downstairs you then queue again, waiting to be seated by the waitering staff. There is an obvious shortage of resources, with staff unable to replenish tables with sufficient cutlery, crockery, milk, etc, and the buffet often running short of plates or eggs or mushrooms etc.. It's not uncommon to see guests themselves scavenging cutlery or milk jugs from other tables. We witnessed complaints from other guests in the breakfast room on more than one occasion, although I noted that the stressed, hurried, and overworked staff always remained very polite and courteous to the guests. However the hotel is obviously aware of this as a laminated notice was left on our beds during Friday, recommending to take breakfast before 8:30am as it was expected to be very busy after that over the bank holiday weekend.The in-house evening restaurant (&quot;Olio's&quot;) is vastly improved from the first time we stayed at the Corus in 2008. In 2008 the food was delicious, but the portions were positively miniscule for the prices being charged - almost to the extent of being an insult. We tried it again this year for an evening meal, and were pleasantly surprised by much larger portions that left everyone satisfied, all still prepared to a very high standard. Probably one of the tastiest meals I can remember having. The following night we opted for their &quot;pre-Theatre&quot; offer for earlier diners, but due to the appalling service where we were waiting for over half an hour between ordering and receiving anything to eat (they claimed the printer broke and the kitchen didn't receive our order...), we only made it to the theatre that night in a sweaty rush with literally a couple of minutes to spare.Locally, The Swan pub literally around the corner does decent pub food, non-extortionate drinks (compared to some places in London!) and is furnished in a very traditional &quot;ye olde English pub&quot; style that I presume appeals to foreign tourists wanting the pub experience, although I found it a bit twee and very dark! Further away from Hyde Park, up Craven Terrace, we discovered some more small pubs and restaurants which looked busy, although this was in the last few hours of our stay so we didn't get to sample them. The area in general feels perfectly safe, especially on the busy Bayswater Road, evidenced by the number of women of all ages walking around on their own, not to mention that it's the kind of area that is home to a few embassies and high commissions.Overall it's a very good hotel to stay in, and I would happily stay here again next time I need somewhere in central/west London. They really need to fix the peak-time breakfast experience, and hope they continue to roll out the room modernisation although the older rooms are still of a very good standard.	
May 25 2009 	Good location clean good service good value	Stayed three nights at Corus. Our room was quite small (but not the smallest I've stayed in), but modern (flat screen tv etc) and very clean. Could've had a better luck with a view considering the location of the hotel (had a view to an opposite wall about 10 meters away), but it didn't bother us. Staff was very helpful and friendly everywhere in the hotel. Full English breakfast was substantial. Location is quite good, quite a bit closer to West End compared to Bayswater/Queensway hotels. Also nearest tube station (Lancaster Gate) is located 50-100 meters from Corus. Bonus is The Swan (pub) next door (live music!). I've visited London several times during last few years and this hotel has been best this far in its price range. I do recommend.	
May 19 2009 	OK hotel. Very good location	The room was small but OK, nothing more but it was OK. Location is everything in London, this Hotel is over the road from Hyde park, next to a decent pub and just down the road from the tube. The concierge will keep your bags before checking in and after checking out so we really made the most of our time.	
May 18 2009 	Nice location very small rooms	The location is very good..the staff were very friendly and helpful..However the rooms and bathrooms are very tiny that I hurt myself in the shower (not good for tall guys:)	
May 15 2009 	Small single room  but clean and tidy	My room was clean and tidy. The TV was good and the air con excellent. My only problem was that my room backed onto the main road. The windows are not double glazed so I could hear the road traffic into tho the early hours, even though I was on the 8th floor! Not good. Apart from that though the staff were great and the hotel quite modern.	
May 13 2009 	Very good location tiny clean rooms	We stayed at the hotel December 2009, with our two teenager sons. We had two double rooms. The rooms were tiny (our double bed was attached to the wall), but they were very clean and cute. There was place for bagages etc. It was ok. Breakfast was good and the lobby was nice to sit and relax after long hours of walking. The neighborehood was vey nice and quiet. Just across the street was Hyde Park. The tube was just a block away. Walking to city centre was 15 min. I would definetely recommend it.	
May 11 2009 	Excellent Hotel - would recommend	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here and would definitely stay again. We stayed from Friday to Sunday.Our room was a good size, and very clean. The staff were friendly and very helpful. The hotel itself was very nice, modern and clean. We did have to wait about 10 minutes on the Sunday to be seated for breakfast, but it is very well organised and the staff work hard to get everyone seated as quickly as possible. The English Breakfast choice is very good, and the quality is good. Location is very good, hotel is right opposite Hyde Park, and its a 10 minute bus or tube ride to all the major sights. Overall, we had a excellent time here, and we would stay again.	
May 10 2009 	nightmare in the morning	JWe've just returned from a weekend at the Corus Hotel. We booked through Superbreak and got a good deal of £198 for the two of us bed and full english breakfast. After reading reviews of the small rooms with beds against the wall and confirming that with reception, we upgraded to executive room on arrival and on reaching our room were glad we did. The room was small in comparison to some of the B&amp;B's we have stayed in at less than half the price, but was clean and had everything we needed for our stay, with plenty of tea and coffee, butn not especially good quality. The bathroom was adequate and had plenty of soap etc that we didn't use. Our room was on the ninth floor overlooking Lancasther Gate. The room temperature was comfortable, the window's opened easily and there was airconditioning if needed. The bed was a normal double bed size and was very comfortable, there was plenty of extra bedding if needed. The hotel was full but in our room we hardly heard a sound. The reception and lounge areas were bright and well furnished and the reception staff were pleasant and professional but not especially warm. It was almost as if they were reading from a script and not showing any personality. We didn't hear an english accent among the staff all weekend. The main problem with the Corus Hotel is the organisation at breakfast. There isn't enough room in the restaurant and each morning we had to wait in reception until we were called. Once in the restaurant we had to wait to be seated. Staff were running around clearing tables and trying to stock up food but lacked organisation. The breakfast is self service and food was frequently running out, and we were having to wait for food to be re-stocked. Rather than a relaxing start to the day, we felt rushed and left breakfast feeling stressed and jaded. All in all the Corus is a clean comfortable hotel in a good position right by Hyde Park and Lancaster Gate Station and only a short stroll to Paddington Station, but it isn't good value for money and we struggle to understand how it has a 4 star rating.	
May 9 2009 	Very comfortable hotel superb location opposite Hyde Park near Tube station	Had a lovely stay at the Corus Hyde Park, with a nice room directly overlooking the fountains in Hyde Park - literally over the road. Ideal location for an idyllic stroll through the park along The Serpentine, feeding the ducks and swans in the lake. Children's playground nearby too, although we didn't have a child with us!  Very safe area, set amongst pleasant residential roads of Regency style houses, with a few little shops and restaurants up the road. Also very, very close to the Lancaster Gate underground tube station - just round the corner. We would take the tube four stops along the Central Line (East) to Tottenham Court Road and walk down Charing Cross Road to the centre of London: Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square etc. (or just change to another tube (Northern Line) one stop to get there). Our room was extremely clean. We had a lie-in and didn't leave the room till late morning each day, but they still managed to service the room every day with fresh bed linen, and fresh towels etc in the en-suite. The hairdryer was useful. Air conditioning kept the room temp. perfect. A comfortable, spacious bed - had a good night's sleep. There was a kettle and tea/coffee etc provided to make lots of drinks, too.  Altogether a really conveniently situated, nice hotel and we're looking forward to returning as soon as possible!	
May 5 2009 	Great location horrible little room	I should start by staying that I only paid £10 for this hotel room through a lastminute.com offer and it was therefore perfectly adequate. If i had paid more than £10, i would have complained. The lobby of the hotel is nice and if the rooms matched it, it would be a pleasant stay. We had a standard room which was unbelievably small. The bed is up against the wall which means you have to climb over your partner to get out. There isn't any room to move around in the room either. If you only wanted a place to stay for the night and didn't really want to be in the room it might be ok, but if you think you are getting a 4* treat of a room, you will be really disappointed. We might have been in one of the worst rooms because of the deal we got, but while it was clean there was a massive brown stain on the carpet near the bathroom. I'm hoping that it was just a water stain that wasn't cleaned up quick enough. There were also foot prints on the walls (??) and horrible dark hand prints. We didn't get breakfast in the deal so can't really comment on that. The reception advertised our room at £220, which would be a horrific rip off. If you are looking to stay some where less than £150 a night, stay at the City Inn Westminster as it is so much nicer and offically cheaper. If you have booked to stay at this hotel and can't cancel, or feel like chancing it, the location is the only thing going for it. It is right opposite hyde park, walking distance from Oxford Street and if you walk directly across the park from the hotel, you end up at South Kensington, right next to the Science Museum/Natural History Museum. Unfortunately for me, that still isn't enough to recommend it. I probably wouldn't stay there again even if i got the room for £10.	
May 2 2009 	Very nice hotel in a good location	Booked this hotel in conjunction with a ticket for Danicing on Ice at the O2 Arena through Superbreak. Was more concerned with getting a ticket for the show, so the hotel was secondary in my thoughts.Stayed 2 nights with my Mum and we both thought it was a very good. The rooms are small, we had a standard twin however it was twice the size we had during our last trip which was to Paris. The room and bathroom were expectionally clean and serviced daily. No wardrobe but enough space for hanging clothes for a short visit. Beds comfy. Tea and coffe making facilties and plenty of supplies. Breakfast was included and was OK for us, cereal, cooked english, toast, etc. Don't think we would have paid £12.50 however, if not included.Location was great, right next to Lancaster Gate tube and 15 min walk to March Arch/Oxford Street. Right across the street from the Italian Gardens in Hyde Park, so as we had good weather it was lovely to just cross the street and sit in the sunshine.Overall, both Mum and I would highly recommend this hotel. A good find and will definately return. Finally, Dancing on Ice was also excellent!!	
Apr 29 2009 	Convenient but a few issues	We stayed here for nearly a week after flying in from Melbourne, Australia. We believed we could do an early check-in, because of the time we arrived in London, but this was only at another night's accommodation expense. We found the desk staff very helpful and friendly, and happy to help us with our maps and tours etc. We were astonished at the small size of the room! On our booking from Australia, they hadn't checked on our age or mobility, but older, less mobile people may have had difficulties with the bed being up against the wall or the very high bath sides. We liked being on the bus route, plus being really close to the Lancaster Gate Tube Station - get an Oyster Card! Hyde Park is across the road, and Kensington Palace very easy walking. The shops and restaurants quite close on the other side of the hotel are also very convenient. There's a Post Office and Laundromat available there, too. Another close by attraction is 'The Swan' - almost next door and offering great food and entertainment at reasonable prices. We ate there often, as the hotel's Continental Breakfast was a grim affair - very poor choice of cereals and the only fruit they seemed to have was tinned orange segments! Beverages were also quite ordinary. I would caution anyone staying in London to be punctilious about security. Hotels provide you with a good room safe and a note on the back of the door saying that they cannot be held responsible for losses if the safe is not used. Take this advice. Through a moment of absent-mindedness, I found out the hard way..... Internet access is quite expensive here, as in most British hotels, but works very well. The bed and bedding was comfortable and the room well serviced... even over serviced...Breakfasts and room size apart, there is very little not to like about this hotel. We obviously had a couple of other issues as detailed above, which obviously not everyone would experience, and they could have happened in almost any other hotel in London.A big thank you to the excellent front-of-house staff who made our stay so pleasant!	
Apr 22 2009 	central location	I had read the reviews about the rooms being small and a soon as we checked in we got asked if we want to upgrade for £30 per night which we chose not to do. We were in room 414 and I was pleasantly surprised the rooms were no where near as small as paris hotel rooms, there was no wardrobe only a hanging rail, the bathroom was very small but it was ok and the shower was good. We were not in our room very much and thought it was perfect for our needs the only moan I had was the window would not open and it was boiling but there was air conditioning. The hotel is nice and there are internet facilities its £6.50 for a minimum of 90 minutes. Put a £1 in the machine rather than buy a token from reception and its a £1 for 20 mins. The breakfast was ok, would never pay £12.50 for it, I appreciated the complimentary paper though. The hotel is right on hyde park and on day 1 we walked through hyde park to oxford street in 10 minutes, the hotel is right next to lancaster gate tube station buy an oyster card its only £1.60 per journey. We ate in the swan oub next door to the hotel, its a touristy pub and very nice food and live music on some nights. I thoroughly enjoed london and would recommend the hotel if you got a good deal, we paid £200 for two nights and that included train fare from edinburgh, bargain!!!!!	
Apr 18 2009	Clean hotel great location helpful staff	Stayed in a twin room on 8th floor with my teenage daughter, we were both happy with the room. It had a partial view of Hyde Park. The room was comfortable and a decent size with ironing board, hairdryer, safe, coffee/tea maker and flat screen tv on wall . Plenty of space for two suitcases, carry-ons, and a place to hang clothes. Plenty of space to sit with laptop. The shower was an adequate size for us and the bathroom looked fairly new and clean. The beds were clean and comfortable with a small table with phone between them. The windows had sliding shutters that kept out the noise from the street. The staff was helpful. The location was great. A short walk to Queensway for shops and restaurants and a little longer walk in the other direction to Marble Arch/Oxford Street for shopping and restaurants. I would recommend this hotel.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great spot nice people room good - shower unuseable	Central spot, good food, nice hotel BUT room small (but clean) however the shower can only be used by dwarfes - its over bath with just 6ft headroom and into this protrudes a ceiling overhang. I am 6ft 1&quot; and fairly big with it and had just an 18inch gap to get my head and shoulders in!!!!	
Apr 10 2009 	decent hotel	From the bad reviews, I was not expecting much and was pleasantly surprised. It was close to the tube, across the street from the park. We heard no one! The breakfast was fine, nothing fancy, but certainly good enough. The room was normal small for European standards and clean enough. I thought the staff were very very helpful. I would stay here again, especially because we tend to be away from our hotel except to sleep.	
Apr 1 2009 	nice hotel and very good location	the hotel is located in front of hyde park. if you've got a room on this side of the hotel you've got a great view. and the subway station is very close, just a few metres. the hotel staff was everytime friendly and very good to kids. good breakfast in the morning for 7 euro. so very nice hotel !!	
Mar 26 2009 	I would be happy to stay here again	I was dreading the hotel after reading the reviews- however we came on a personal recomendation. Got a deal with lastminute.com whcih made the rooms cheaper- for the room itself, over £100 is a bit steep.The foyer was very nice and smart. We were able to check-in at 12:30 which was excellent. It was nice to freshen up in our room rather than in the toilets! The room wasn't huge but way big enough for two women to be able to share! The beds were comfy, it was dark enough at night and the shower was clean and powerful. We were woken up at 6:30am by next door who were IRONING. Ther toiletries were nice enough as well. We didn't eat at the hotel, preferring to try different places in London. Overall, a good stay in a nicwe hotel- provided I get a deal again, i'd go back. The location was amazing- 10-15 minutes walk to Oxford Street and 2 mins from tube.	
Mar 23 2009 	You get what you pay for.	At first glance this is a very nice hotel and good location. We were placed in a room that had been recently been painted (perhaps that very day) and became ill as a result. We asked to change rooms and were placed in an &quot;upgraded&quot; room on the ground floor. Not very upgraded in my opinion. The bedding was clearly aged and towels were clean but stained. The carpeting needed replacing as well. The noise from being on the ground floor was loud, but to be expected.  The manager was nice enough, but the staff was not as polite as I would expect by UK standards. I asked for advice on a day trip at the concierge and he seemed annoyed and uninterested never looking me in the eye. I did my own investigating from there on out. Breakfast is overpriced and crowded. The hotel staff even recommended that visitors arrive for breakfast before eight-thirty so that they could prevent overcrowding. We did as they suggested thus did not have to wait, but was annoyed at a timetable whilst on holiday.	
Mar 16 2009 	Good location with nice average room	Hotel is 2 mins walk from Lancaster Gate tube. Nice small hotel with average room, should book viceroy rooms. Friendly staff, thanks to Hafiz from concierge, help with tours and entire stay. Traveller with budget will find this hotel is good yet very clean, nice bed and fresh towels. Breakfast was good eventhough same dishes everyday, olio restaurant average only, nothing great but worth a try. I would go back there if i'm on a budget holiday.	
Mar 14 2009 	Convenient location to tube 	Hotel staff, particularly the Front of House Manager was very polite &amp; helpful.We thought the paid upgrade to a Viceroy room was dissappointing. The room we were allocated was dark, plain &amp; very basic. We immediately complained &amp; the above manager showed us 2 rooms to choose from. We settled on a double room &amp; was offered complimentary Tea/coffee in the lounge.Irritating to have the maid knock on the door at 8am - why?Full English Breakfast satisfactory if not chaotic.Frank - waiter in the lounge area, what a pleasant man.	
Mar 8 2009 	Great Location! Hotel Average	Hotel - Corus Hyde Park; Good location, no, it’s a great location! Lancaster Gate Tube 5mins, Queensway Tube 10min walk. Oxford Circus 10mins using the toob!Hyde Park, across the Road. The Diana Memorial playground in Kensington Gdns, is across the road, and a 15min walk. Lots of joggers in the park, and nice for a pleasant stroll. Hotel itself was ok, just that, I wouldn’t have chosen to stay there if I had to pay with my own money. But it was ok for a freebie, rooms ok, bit small, nothing special, not particularly modern, but nonetheless they were adequate, but they need sound proofing tho, and flat screen TVs and need more channels (only had 8). The dinning rooms were adequate, and communal/foyer/reception areas all adequate, even if a little bland.Breakfast was OK, but not particularly good value at £12.95 a plate for a full English and £7.95 for Petit Dejeneur (but we didn't have to pay, as it was included in our deal).Reception staff were fine, room wasn’t ready at 14:10 when we tried to check-in tho - and that’s not good IMO. The concierge was helpful. You can leave your bags with him if you arrive early, or drop them off later and go on a wander, he has London maps and is happy to point out how to get to places and whats in the near vicinity too.Queensway: is just up the road, 10min walk from the hotel, this is more like the real London, less touristic, plenty of ethnic places to eat, North African, Middle-Eastern, Italian, Indian and Chinese restaurants, plus cafe's, Pizza houses, supermarkets, chemists, Banks, coffee shops, waffle houses and up the road is Whitelys Shopping Mall with cinema and more places to eat and drink; the Ice-skating/Ten-Pin Bowling venue is just up from Queensway tube too. Overall we liked the location of the hotel, and if you're feeling fit, you can easily walk to Oxford St from here, its virtually a straight walk. We would consider staying again if the prices was right, because of the amenities close by and that it is well located. With ease of access from the Central Line tube. Its not a great or particularly outstanding hotel itself IMO, but when you're in London you are not going to be stuck in your hotel for much more than sleeping hours, so this make the hotel adequate for what it is, its t the cheaper end of the market, not no-frills as such, but functional. There was nothing particularly to dislike. The location is the winner for this place.	
Mar 1 2009 	Good location nice foyer small room	I treated myself (I don't usually stay in Hotels - I do B&amp;B). Anyway a few days in London and I wanted a good location. I got this and it has a nice entrance foyer with staff that were very courteous although I didn't have a lot to do with them.My main gripe was the room was tiny. I booked a 'superior double' apparently but couldn't find anything superior. It was nicely presented, clean and quiet but rather on the small side. I was on my own in a double (told you it was a treat) but I don't think 2 people would have faired too well. It's a good job I didn't take the cat as there was no room to swing it, particularly in the cramped bathroom.I spent more money than I've spent on a hotel to stay here as I wanted to be central. I stayed in the Hilton at Gateshead the week before and the room and the experience was so much better than this.I'd stay here again if I could get a good deal but not sure it's worth the money I paid this time - will check for good deals before booking again	
Mar 1 2009 	Overpriced	Hotel has a great location - handy for Lancaster Gate, Paddington Station and Kensington Gardens. But I felt their website was misleading. The promise of a superior double room with a separate working area space actually turned out to be one of the smallest rooms I've ever stayed in and was located in their Mews Block, i.e. ground floor level. Apparently these rooms are much larger than standard but the hotel's website mentions nothing about a Mews Block nor about being on the ground floor (elevated ground floor is probably how they would describe it but you still hear the rubbish being collected, cars driving by and horses on their way to Hyde Park.). The one other off-putting factor was dirty plates in the corridors - I had to walk past half eaten fish and chips left outside the room next to mine from early evening until late morning - not nice. Room itself was very clean.	
Mar 1 2009 	good location. Modern rooms but very small!	We were staying in a standard double room and whilst it had been refurbished recently and was to our taste, two major things let it down - firstly the double room for 2 people had the bed up against the wall - very disappointing when there with a partner and not something you expect of a modern double room.The bathroom was tiny and although clean and fairly modern you had to shower with your head bent down as there was wall sticking out above the shower which was very poor design. But otherwise, overall good. Staff friendly enough and fairly good value for London. Worth staying	
Feb 23 2009	Corus Hotel Hyde Park	This hotel occupies an elegant building in a superb position -- very close to Hyde Park,Kensington Palace and bus and tube transport.The reception area and public rooms are very smart and the staff really helpful and friendly.Breakfast was pleasant and better than many other London hotels but oh dear the room!Having booked a standard double I didn't expect luxury but our room was so narrow that the standard double bed had to be pushed up tight to the wall. Access into /out of bed was made even more of an adventure by having to limbo underneath thedressing table shelf which butts right up to the end of the bed.This room was barely adequate for a single bed but with a double it was ridiculous Reception staff informed me that all of the standard doubles are this small and that I should have requested an executive room--- refreshingly honest and what good advice.	
Feb 22 2009 	Very pleasant and convenient	My husband and I stayed at the Corus Hotel Hyde Park the last week of April, 2008 for four nights. The hotel itself was very pleasant and the staff were helpful. We were able to schedule a day trip to other parts outside the city through the concerge service at the Corus. The only negative aspect of our stay was that our room was not ready when we arrived (after stated check-in time) and had to return to the hotel more than once only to find out that it still was not ready. Finally, on our third attempt, we were &quot;upgraded&quot; to another room. In the elevator, we realized that the floor we had previously been assigned to was under construction. The room itself was small, which is characteristic of any hotel room or residence (in terms of room size) that I have experienced in the UK. We were, however, very comfortable and had access to everything we needed. There was a hairdryer in the room, so there is no need to bring one (along with the dreaded converter). The rooms were very clean and comfortable. The bathroom a little cramped. but functional, so no complaints there. If you are traveling to London, chances are you are not going to experience the hotel life, anyway, right? We purchased the option of the included breakfast and were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the full English. We got up early every morning and had a good sized breakfast before leaving for various parts of the city. I would definitely recommend this option, as it was well worth it in quality and convenience. The hotel itself is VERY well located - the Lancaster Gate tube station is just around the corner (turn right coming out and cross the street and the hotel is just down the block on your right). In addition, Hyde Park is a lovely walk and just across the street - and so is Embassy Row, which is home to several very beautiful residences and is a nice stroll (but don't take any pictures!). There are also always taxis outside the hotel, and if nothing else, the doorman can hire a taxi for you. And, don't miss the fish and chips at the Swan pub next door to the Corus - that is where we started and ended our trip. And the Young's Ale isn't bad, either! If we return to London in the future, the Corus will be at the top of our list of places to stay.	
Feb 15 2009 	So pleasant after long days sightseeing...	We stayed at the Corus in January - my husband, teenage son and I and we all enjoyed the hotel. We did have the full breakfast, rather than the continental, included in our rate- eggs, bacon, toast, cheese, yogurt, fruit, coffee and tea. We were up early and planned full days, so enjoyed a leisurely breakfast in an almost empty dining room before heading out for the day.The hotel is an extremely short walk from the Lancaster tube station (maybe one block) and a 5 to 10 min. walk to Paddington station. We found the concierge very helpful - he spent a good deal of time helping us with maps, looking up info on the internet for us, etc. and didn't leave us until we were sure we knew what we were doing. The rooms are tight, but many hotels in London have the same issue. Certainly the room was clean, and very quiet which was appreciated after our long days. We ate a few times at The Swan Pub right next door and loved it - friendly, warm place where we all ate, dinner for three at under $40 with the recent exchange rates. I chose this hotel because I wanted a place far from the noise of downtown London, yet convenient to everything by tube. I also wanted breakfast included in the rate. All in all, it was exactly what I wanted. I would definitely go back.	
Feb 2 2009 	A great location in central London	I stayed at the Corus Hyde Park at two different times, one on a group trip and the other on a solo trip, but both times had similarly positive experiences. The first time I had a twin room, which I shared with another fellow who was in my group. Room was a bit confined, but enough room to get around. Room was clean, bathroom was functional but not particularly roomy, and bed was comfortable. The second time, I had a nice room, which had a double bed, and it came with a more spacious bathroom and room in general. This bed was very comfortable.Any hotel in London is going to be expensive, as this is one of the world's costliest cities. However, for the money, I found the Corus Hyde Park to be a good value, relatively speaking. The lobby is nice and spacious, but the breakfast is not exactly what I consider to be a great deal, for the price that they ask for it. They do have a nice bar in the lobby with a nice selection of beer on draft, and the concierge is very friendly and knowledgeable as far as getting around. There is a great pub located directly next door, The Swan, and they have great fish and chips, a huge assortment of draft beer, and upstairs they have a fellow who is very entertaining and plays the piano most evenings. Past the Swan, which is a historic spot in London (see plaque on right side of building), is the Lancaster Gate Tube station, which is located on the Central Line of the Underground. The hotel is also located near several city bus stops. Right across Bayswater Road is Hyde Park and the Serpentine, which is great for an early morning walk, which my girlfriend and I took and enjoyed. About a 15 minute walk down Bayswater Road, towards West London, you run into Queensway, which is a street full of all sorts of shops, restaurants, a casino, an ice skating rink, and several department stores, and if you need to pick up any last minute souvenirs for anywhere in the UK, Queensway is your spot, some pretty good shopping and bargains to be found.All in all, this is a decent hotel, not to be mistaken for the Ritz, but it treated me well both times I was there and the location is hard to beat as far as being located within arm's reach of everything in London.	
Jan 26 2009 	Pleasant stay at Corus Hyde Park	I didn't get around to reading other Trip Advisor reviews (which are mixed in opinion) until after I had booked, but I needn't have worried. The location is fantastic - close to the tube, Hyde Park, restaurants. Also close to Paddington St -I dragged my suitcase for the the short walk to the hotel after arriving on the Heathrow Express train. I stayed in a single room and knew in advance it wouldn't be huge. I was pleased with the clean and tidy room that had space for a desk, and also a fold-out ironing board. Staff were friendly, although service was a bit slow in the restaurant. The continental breakfast was disappointingly small (cereal, few slices of cold meat and cheese, and the only bread were some small rolls), but in my case it was included in the room price.  I'd be happy to stay there again.	
Jan 24 2009 	Used to be better	I've written good reviews about the Corus in the past and had found it to be clean, comfortable and with good service. After a break from traveling for work I returned and actually was rather disappointed to find the Corus has downgraded in a few small ways which add up to a mediocre stay. I shan't be asking to stay here again.	
Jan 22 2009 	What a Dump	Had the hotel stay from hell in this kip last weekend. Arrived late (approx 10.45) on Friday evening. Booked through lastminute and had a copy of my conf. email. According to reception I had no booking. Couldn't understand because in addition to my conf. mail I had emailed the hotel telling them I would be a late check in and recieved a reply telling me I could check in anytime after 2.30pm?!?So, we booked fresh, a double room. We were sent to the most ghastly room I have ever seen. A double room in a 4 star hotel with the bed against the wall, and the fresh, strong scent of nightclub ashtray. Disgusting. No other double but could have better twin. Bad news when away with girlfriend. Room was Blue!?? 1970's chic, with a filthy carpet, filthy torn chairs, 2 beds, one bedside lamp, 20 year old tv with bad reception.Tried to get lastminute to sort out problem on Sat morning- they told me they had mailed a cancellation notice(sat unopened in my mailbox, it arrived just before conf. mail). After that they didn't want to know. Customer Service. It simply does not exist with that type of company or this kind of hotel which exists for unsuspecting visitors to London who don't realise that they are being had.Met duty manager on Sun at checkout. He couldn't have been more unhelpful. My problem at this stage was that I booked through lastminute for 170 euros total, and they wanted 230. Because you've given a card on check in you are wasting your breath making your case, the manager told me to take it up with lastminute, like it or lump it.	
Jan 22 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	This hotel is wonderful. We stayed here for eight nights and enjoyed every min. of our stay. The room was very clean and quiet with a nice bathroom. We had a window over looking the street and Hyde Park. The staff at this hotel were all very friendly and went out of their way to assist us. The breakfast was very enjoyable each morning at a table overlooking Hyde Park. Anyone visiting the greatest city in the world would enjoy their stay at this hotel.	
Jan 20 2009 	Worst staff ever.	This has to be by far the poorest hotel I have ever stayed in, and for one reason only - the staff. The daytime staff were ok, although Giovanni at Concierge was rude and it seemed deliberately unhelpful whatever the time was. The night staff it appeared hadn't been trained in either customer service or, how to even be just plain polite. Asking if there was room service after midnight was like trying to get blood out of a stone - the night staff just cant be bothered. Although it is apparently possible to get baguettes through the night if one wishes, when asked for, one certainly does not get, as the reception staff reply with , &quot;I no understand.&quot; Many conversations were had with reception staff in plain, simple english - all my wife and I wanted after a night out at the theatre was to come back, have a sandwich and go to bed. When I rung down to reception and ordered 2 cheddar and pickle sandwiches, the man's reply was &quot;We got no cheddar.&quot; So we ordered the next thing on the menu - a feta cheese. the reply: &quot;we got no feta&quot; . So again, we ordered the next - a ham and pickle. &quot;we got no ham or pickle.&quot; I then said - so what do you have in stock then? The reply &quot;I no understand.&quot; So after deciding it was less stress to have nothing at all, we went to bed. We were disturbed by who I can only imagine was the same man from downstairs, knocking at our door. My husband got up, answered the door, and the man came into our room, uninvited, asking what we were going to order. We explained we hadnt ordered anything, and it seemed they had nothing downstairs anyway. &quot;But you rang. You must order something or I will have to do a report.&quot; A report on what? I asked. &quot;On the sandwich you ordered!&quot; I told him we hadnt ordered anything at which point he turned around and said &quot;i dont understand&quot;. I asked him to leave our room, at which point he refused and did nothing, just stood there. I dont know if he was waiting for a tip (?!) but I had to basically usher him out of our room. Disgusting behaviour. I went down to reception the next morning and spoke to Jackie, a duty manager,. who was also just as rude, ignorant and untrained as her night colleague. Her exact response to my account of the previous night was &quot;well if you dont like it, check in somewhere else! you have a problem with the way a member of staff treats you, file a complaint against them, not the hotel!!&quot; Ridiculous! Definitely the worst hotel I have EVER stayed at, hardly slept at all, and as someone who has worked in customer service for 22 years, I KNOW that a LOT of the staff there should be fired for sackable offences, and not maintaining even the most basic levels of customer service and manners. The manager there (who was never available when asked for) needs hauling over the coals.	
Jan 14 2009 	Noisey	This was out second stay at the hotel and will probably be the last. First stay was great, in a standard room. The second stay we upgraded to a duluxe room and this was a big mistake.The room was ok but the bathroom was in need of a good clean and modernisation. It seemed dirty and it was tiny.The TV was broken and when we turned it on it was set on full volume! Not the best way to find out at 10.30 at night. The pipes had an air lock in them so all night there was the most awful noise (like a ship horn) every few hours. The location of the hotel is great, close to everything, Hyde Park, Oxford Street and a tube station but I am sure there are other without all the hassles we experienced.	
Jan 6 2009	Wonderful time at the Corus	We had a great stay at the Corus hotel. it was a quick and easy check-in with friendly staff, our room was comfortable and clean and definately big enough for 3 adults. It was in a good location, across the road from Hyde Park, not a long walk from Oxford Street and the underground was only a few mins walk away. The concierge was very friendly and helpful. No complaints at all, would definately stay here again.	
Jan 4 2009 	Tiny tiny tiny	The location is perfect, two minutes walk from Lancaster Gate underground station, but the room, double bed, was extremely small! Yes, it was clean and the bathroom was brand new but the walls were thin enough to hear everything happening on our floor. Long, long queues for breakfast, which was not something special and though it was prepaid we skipped it several times, in order not to lose the day.	
Dec 19 2008 	Mixed feelings	We stayed four nights at the Corus Hotel in September 08. We found the location to be very conventient, very close to Lancaster Gate tube station and also walking distance (10-15mins) to Paddington to catch the Heathrow Express. We found the hotel and our room to be very clean. We used the concierge service a number of times and they were very helpful and quite friendly, although one time we got a man that did not communicate very well in English. The room was small, but when in London you don't spend a lot of time in your room, so we found this to be ok. The biggest issue was having space for all of our luggage as we were travelling around for quite a long time and had accumulated quite a lot along the way. Our stay included continental breakfast, which we found to be very average. There were very few options for breakfast.	
Dec 15 2008 	Fine Hotel at a Good Location	I stayed here for work in November, after I stayed in another hotel (Shaftesbury Premier Hotel Paddington London) for work in October. I would rate this hotel as much better than the Shaftesbury, because the rooms are far more spacious, there is more light in the rooms and the bathroom actually had a bath. Rooms were clean, no complaints there.Moreover, the enterance with reception, restaurant and bar was excellent. Staff was all very friendly and helpful. The location was perfect, next to Hide Park and very close to the underground. The neighbourhood is fine, altough not the place where you have many bars/restaurant/nightlife, it is a quiet neighbourhood.On my last day, I tried the continental breakfast for the first time. This was a big disappointment (although I don't know how the English Breakfast was). Very little to choose from, definetely not worth the money. It was better to get a muffin or sandwich at any café.Basically, this hotel delivered everything you would expect from such a class of hotel. Although it is not cheap, but then again nothing in London is. It is a reasonable price for London standards. Therefore I would certaintly recommend this to anybody else.	
Dec 7 2008 	Tiny Room Rude Receptionist Paper Thin Walls	We stayed here for one night and tried to book originally by turning up at reception.The receptionist told us on arrival that they had no rooms left at all, I said I had seen some on the internet and she told me that this was not the case.I made a phone call to the hotel and booked a room over the phone. I then returned to reception and hey presto they now had a room available for me, and internet people said there was &quot;loads&quot; of availability!!We booked an executive suite in this supposed 4 star hotel. The room is under a 2 star and is no way an executive suite. It was tiny, old run down bathroom with a door half the size of a normal door. The bed was very old, the mattress was the most uncomfortable I have ever slept on with broken springs in it.On minor points the hotel website mentions that the executive suites come with LCD Television (we had a tiny old TV with terrible reception and no remote), water (1 small bottle to share between 2). The bed covers are scratchy and old (no duvet) there are wires hanging out of the walls and the ceilings are so low it feels very claustrophobic.I would never recommend this hotel, and for the same money in London (we paid £169 not including breakfast) there are plenty of far superior hotels. I have had better experiences in Hostels! Never stay here!!!!	
Nov 21 2008 	great stay	we stayed here for 3 nights, the room was clean, a bit small but we were not in the room other than at night, we had our 8 month old baby with us, staff were excellent, all very friendly, hotel location was great, tube 2 minute walk, swan pub next door nice and friendly, we walked through hyde park to harrods which only took 30 mins, and also walked to oxford street which took about 30 mins,breakfast was fine, good selection, we ate in the hotel 1 night it was great and staff couldn't have done enough, ordered room service dinner which had a £5 tray charge, same as any hotel we hav ever been in, no complaints, great value for money in london,	
Nov 19 2008 	Distinctly average and Costly	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 2 nights in early Nov. We were allowed to check in early and the front desk were very helpful, but the gave us a small cupboard with 2 single beds! Im so glad when we went back down to reception they changed it for us, as there would have been no room for both our suitcases!We were given a double room, and told it wasnt a smoking room, but as we had booked a smoking room, we were told that would be ok. I dont know how non-smokers would feel about this.The room was small with only room to move around if someone was sitting on the bed. The bathroom, was extra small, with one not being able to move from toilet to shower without closing the door. The room was eye level clean in that all the noticable places were clean, on closer inspection it was dusty and the carpet could have done with a hoover. and the blind was held up with velcro, with a huge gap which kind of defeated the purpose.Decent storage space regarding the room size, and tea/coffee facillities were in the room, No ironing board and iron though.its my advice NOT to order room service, after a long day my bf and I ordered dinner at around 9pm. 2 steak and chips was really overpriced, and the food definately sub-standard, had i been in a restaurant, i would have complained, and im not really a complainer. Just trying to leave a fair review.the lobby is nice and most of the staff are too. But you will pay for absolutely everything in this hotel, which i dont think is great considering its rating. You are allowed to leave your bags free of charge though with the concierge which is great if you have a late flight and are checking out early like we did.My advice is if your not happy with the room, ask to be moved, dont order room service, and dont let the impressive lobby fool you, its fairly average.	
Nov 17 2008 	room was tiny !	the hotel was lovely, staff very friendly and helpful. breakfast was good - although we were told that 'full english' and 'continental' were served in 2 separate rooms!! the only downside was the size of our bedroom and bathroom - you couldnt swing a cat! there was barely room at one side of the bed to walk to the bathroom without hitting off the shelf were the tv was. we didnt mind about the bedroom as we were only staying for 1 night and it was spotless clean and the bed comfortable. we were on the 5th floor and the walls of the bathroom were slopped [attic like]. it was impossible to have a proper shower - once the shower curtain was closed, there was a width of about 12&quot; to shower in.. but as the shower head was in the corner, overhead bath on the slopped wall, you couldn't actually stand under it, due to the shape of the bath. if we had been staying more than 1 night, i would have asked to be moved to a different room.	
Nov 15 2008 	Fawlty Towers in London?	We were booked in at this &quot; supposedly &quot; 4 star hotel to attend an awards ceremony at the Hilton Park Lane Hotel.All accommodation was paid for in advance to include full English breakfast. When we arrived we were asked for our credit card as the room needed to be paid for before we could have it.We showed them all the paperwork regarding the booking but were still informed that the room was not paid for. We had to contact the company who organised the booking in order to get it sorted out.The room was a twin, but was the smallest room we have ever been in, with both beds against a wall, with a space between them which would only allow one person at a time to be there. However it was clean, and reasonably comfortable, if very basic, with no storage space except for one small hanging rail. The bathroom was tiny and anyone of a larger stature would have struggled to use it. On arrival for breakfast the following morning we were informed that this was not included in our booking, despite being on the booking arrangements. After a trip back to the room to get the paperwork this was then sorted out with reception. The food left a lot to be desired. The eggs were like bullets, and the rest was barely edible. Not what you would expect from a hotel of this standard.The only good service we received was from the Concierge, Jean, who was excellent and could not have been more helpful, and was also extremely polite and amenable.I would definitely not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 5 2008 	Think I got one of the better rooms......	Booked this as one of the 'mystery' hotels on Lastminute, purely on price. It's at a pretty good location but the place is looking tatty around the edges - frayed carpets and flaking paint in the rooms.It's also one of those irritating places where they charge for absolutely everything - WiFi? Extra. Forgotten a razor? Pay for it. Breakfast in your room? That's a fiver please....I actually got a decent-sized room, but there was a woman in reception complaining loudly about the size of her 'cupboard' sized room. I did see a few of the others as they were being cleaned this morning and they were teeny - even the doors are smaller!	
Nov 3 2008 	Don't Eat at this Hotel go next door to The Swan Pub	While the Corus Hyde Park is well situated to Hyde Park the food left a lot to be desired! £22 for a very tough sirloin steak even I found hard to swallow! But the Swan Pub just left around the corner does wonderful steaks for £9!! Plus really friendly service no matter what time of the day I went in I skipped the Corus breakfasts as well and had the full English Breakfast at the Swan along with dinner at night.The £50 surcharge for a later checkout time I thought was excessive overall the Corus was comfortable and clean. Not sure I'd stay there again though.	
Oct 22 2008 	Disappointed	Fortunately I stayed here at someone else's expense. For an expensive hotel I expected more than average standards of service - in particular, only 8 Freeview channels on the TV, fag burns on the bedside table and the films on the TV failed.Staff were fine, and I can't say the room was uncomfortable. But it just lacked the edge that you expect for £200 a night.	
Oct 21 2008 	Convenient	We'd stayed at the Cumberland Hotel last year near Marble Arch, but this year, needed something a little more affordable at the last minute. The Corus Hotel Hyde Park ended up being a decent option for the week stay. The location was great -- as mentioned in other reviews, very close to the Lancaster Gate tube stop.Upon arrival, they provided us an upgrade to a &quot;larger room&quot; which was still small by American standards, but sufficient by London standards. We didn't plan to spend much time in the hotel room, so it was fine for our needs.A full hot English breakfast (eggs, sausage, bacon, fresh fruit, etc.) was included in the price, so that was a great bonus. I'm uncertain why they had 2 breakfasts offered -- one continental and one full English.The location really can't be beat. If you're not looking for luxury, but need a clean, convenient, affordable and safe place to stay, then the Corus Hotel Hyde Park is a great choice.	
Oct 16 2008 	Convenient Location Nice Accomodations	We stayed at Corus Hyde Park for three nights from September 30, 2008 through October 3, 2008 on a trip to London to celebrate our first wedding anniversary. We booked with British Airways Holidays and got the room for a bargain of $426 total for three nights ($142 per night).The lobby was nice, using mirrored walls to make it seem spacious. It featured modern furnishing and two computers with internet access (I think we paid a pound for 15 minutes).The hotel is very convenient to the Lancaster Gate tube station and only a 10 minute walk to Paddington. When leaving the Lancaster Gate Tube station, turn right, cross the street, then take your first right, after &quot;The Swan&quot; pub. &lt; 5 min walk.The first day we arrived we wandered through Hyde Park and found we were also only a 15 minute walk to Knightsbridge.The hotel rooms were small, as expected in London, with modern, simplistic furnishing. It appeared to have been renovated within the past 5 years. Our room was on the 6th floor and had a view of the back alleyway. There was some noise at night, garbage bins in the back alley, but that is expected in the city. We had everything we need, including a flat screen TV and a shower with great water pressure. We also had tea and tasty ginger biscuits in our room. Our rate included breakfast daily. It was a nice spread, including juice, coffee, tea, cereal, croissants, rolls, cheese, deli meat, granola, yogurt, etc...We had drinks at the bar one night and the bartender was pleasant and accommodated our strange American mixed drink requests.I would stay here again. Not the nicest hotel in London, but a good bargain, nicer than I expected.	
Oct 10 2008 	Corus Hyde Park - Not quite what it seems	If you hear the word “upgrade” from any of the staff, please ignore them. I stayed at the Corus Hyde Park for two days in October paid for by my employer.I had booked a standard double room but when I got to the hotel they advised that all double standard rooms had been booked so they would “upgrade” me to a twin single room. It was hardly an upgrade just standard small room with two single beds. In fairness they had advised that as a gesture of good will, wait for it, they would “upgrade” me to a superior double room the day after.The day after, they put me in what was supposedly a superior double room which once again appeared very standard.There was no bottled water in my room but there was water in the room next door occupied by my colleague.The Corus website stated that all bedrooms had large flat screen TV’s but both rooms I stayed in had standard 19” CRT TV’sAvoid staying on level one as this is infact the basement, avoid staying on level two as this infact the ground floor. Both of these floors had poor views and a lot of street noise.We ordered Mohitos from the bar which were the worst Mohitos I had ever tasted. The hotel restaurant was empty on both days I was there &amp; when I tasted the food I realised why. The presentation of the food was awful, the chips seemed to have been cooked in old oil, the Malaysian food was limited in choice and not very appetising. The restaurant was also very cold as it was incorporated into a conservatory structure. The physical hotel, furniture, carpets etc was visibly suffering from wear &amp; tear.I would not stay at this hotel again. The only positive thing abut the Corus hotel was that it was close to Lancaster Gate tube station, Hyde park was across the road and there was a decent pub next door.	
Oct 10 2008 	You can do better	We stayed at the hotel for one night to attend a function nearby and had it not been for the exellent location for that specific event, we would have been very very disappointed.The room has to be the smallest I have ever stayed in, so small in fact that 2 people have to move around the room very carefully to avoid bumping into each other and all the extras one would expect in a 4 star hotel are there, but on a very small scale. It really feels a very cramped environement, with unomfortable beds.Shop around to get a decent sized room if you can, otherwise prepare for the doll's house experience	
Oct 5 2008 	Small Room - Excellent Location	We stayed for two nights in October 2008, for a short break in London. We chose the Hotel mainly on price – and it transpired to be good value.The location is ideal – close to Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park and Lancaster Gate Tube Station. It was an easy walk across the gardens to the Albert Hall. The down side was the size of the room – it was very small and dark, because it was facing a wall - we had a twin room and there was just enough space between the beds for one person and each bed was against a wall. However, the biggest problem was the lack of storage space. There was a small hanging rail with a shelf above it and that was it. No drawers for underwear or any other items. There was, however, a safe (always useful). The carpet could do with cleaning.The bathroom was clean with plenty of towels (replaced daily) but it was small with (again) no shelves for personal toiletries.We paid extra for breakfast (£12.50 for English). The food was freshly prepared and there was plenty available. The coffee was just average though – no Decaff, only instant.In summary a convenient place to stay in London, as long as you don’t have to stay in the room for any longer than necessary.	
Oct 4 2008 	Good value for money in a Great Location	I was looking for a reasonably priced hotel near Hyde Park for a one night business trip. I spent an hour or so looking at all the small hotels under £100 in the area (both their websites and trip advisor) and concluded that i'd only get a B&amp;B that resembled student accomodation. Nothing wrong with that, but I wanted somewhere that was going to guarantee comfort, cleanliness and good service. I opted for the Corus Hotel standard room for £120 and got exactly what I'd asked for. The check in staff were friendly and helpful, the hotel lobby was nicely designed and modern. The room was indeed small but very well designed, clean and with a comfortable bed.I arrived at 8pm tired and just wanted to spend a night watching TV, so I ordered room service. The food was good and the waiter that brought it to my room was again friendly and helpful.I'd also chosen the hotel for its location. In the morrning, I got up early to run around Hyde Park for half an hour. What a great start to my day, the park is beautiful and packed with historical landmarks. Afterwards it was back to my room for a quick shower and a speedy checkout.In summary, small room but the whole experience was perfectly formed. They do haver larger rooms at higher prices if you're making a longer stay. I'll go back there for more, next time I need a bolt hole in London for the night.	
Oct 1 2008	Excellent location short on space	This hotel is in a brilliant location, literally minutes from Lancaster Gate Tube station. The exterior is attractive as is the reception and seating area. The room was certainly the smallest we have stayed in in London, but was fine for a one or two night stay. It was very clean and the beds were comfy with nice duvets and pillows. Tea and coffee were provided and it was a change to have good size mugs rather than the usual cups. Shower was powerful and the toiletries provided were good. Air conditioning was efficient and quiet. On the down side there was no drawer space and limited hanging space - no wardrobe just hangers on a rail. Iron, ironing board and trouser press are provided.The staff were all lovely; polite, friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel for a short stay based on the room we stayed in - don't know if other rooms are more spacious. We got a good deal on the London Town website - I would thoroughly recommend them.	
Sep 18 2008 	Pleasant modern hotel good location	We stayed at this hotel for one night to attend an event in Hyde Park. Hyde Park is just over the road and Oxford Street and Paddington nearby. We easily got a service bus from Victoria Coach Station to this hotel. The hotel itself is modern and most rooms have been recently renovated. We had one of the recently renovated ones. It was clean and modern with an LCD flat screen TV (with a good reception for once), the room had the usual Tea and Coffee making facilities and an ensuite bathroom and shower with complimentary toiletries and also an ironing board, iron and trousers press which was very useful. It also had air conditioning. The view from our room was over the back of the hotel so not very exciting and the room itself and bathroom were very small for a double. Considerably smaller than a travel lodge room for example. However, it was spotlessly clean and as we were only there for one night it was perfectly adequate for the price that we paid of £95. However, beware that depending on how you book this room it could cost considerably more and I don't think given the size of the room I would have liked to have paid a lot more for it. It is worth shopping around different websites to try and get a good price. I did book direct with the hotel in the end but I think the price went up after as there was a big event on nearby and people started to book the rooms up. The cost of our room didn't include breakfast. Full English breakfast was an additional £12.50 or continental breakfast was available for slightly less. There was a pub next door, The Swan, we didn't eat there but the menu looked good. I would use this hotel again but only if it were for a one night stay.	
Sep 17 2008 	Great Hotel location	We stayed ta the Corus Hyde Park for one night on Sept 14th and were pleasantly surprised. The location is ideal, 2 blocks from tube and across from Hyde Park. The reception was quite helpful with directions and information, The room (1001 - standard, double bed w/bath) was small but typical of Europe. Clean and plenty of air circulation (your own thermostat) in room safe, etc. The continental breakfast was bread, cold cereal, yogurt, coffee/tea, juice..your basic. I would recommend this hotel if you are looking for a clean, centrally located hotel.	
Sep 13 2008	Friendly and welcoming	We stayed in a twin room for one night in September 2008 and really enjoyed our stay. The reception and especially the concierge were extremely friendly and helpful with every request. The room was a reasonable size, quiet, and very clean and tidy; the bathroom was quite compact though. My only bugbear with this hotel was a lack of decaffinated tea and coffee. When I asked for some to be sent to the room they replenished all the regular tea and coffee instead. Despite this I would definitely stay here again. The location is great, we walked to the hotel from Paddington Station and Lancaster Gate tube station is a stone's throw away.	
Sep 4 2008 	Clean modern good deal for the money convenient location	We booked a room at the Corus Hotel Hyde Park as part of a larger vacation package. There were several hotel choices available, but after considering price and reading previous Trip Advisor reviews, we chose this hotel. We were not disappointed! Granted, the rooms were a bit on the small side, but that will be true nearly anywhere in London. The biggest peeve we had with room size is that it seemed like the bed was unnecessarily pushed up against one wall -- there was space to center it more in the room, but a built-in nightstand prevented this. Regardless, my 6'4&quot; husband and I slept well. The bathroom was also quite tiny, but with room enough for one person. Considering there was a desk/dressing table in the room, this was not an issue for getting ready in the morning.To address the noise concern: we were on the 7th floor, facing Lancaster Gate -- a road, but admittedly the more quiet of the two that the hotel sits on the corner of. When the built-in shades were open, yes, there was some white road noise. But it was remarkably muted just by closing the shade. All light was blocked out too -- a blessing and a curse since there was no alarm clock in the room and no sunlight to wake us up.The buffet breakfast was decent. Not the best we've had, but certainly enough to give a good start to the day. It was included in our stay, but I'm not sure how much extra I would have paid for it.Staff was friendly, concierge was a godsend. The location was great, too -- just a minute or two to the nearest tube station. Granted, most tourist attractions were to the east of the hotel, but that made it easy to know which direction to head on the tube! Hyde Park is literally across the street, Kensington Palace and Gardens are minutes away. Overall, we were very pleased with our stay here. We would recommend it to other travelers and would stay here again, should we return to London.	
Aug 28 2008	loved the location	we booked a cruise with 2 nights at a hotelthis is the place we gotit was a nice place rooms were clean the location was the best easy to get to buses and walk in hyde pkwould stay againcarol	
Aug 24 2008 	Good location decent rooms but a bit noisy!	Booked this hotel for a two night stay combining some sightseeing with my mum, with some business meetings. Reception was welcoming and let us check in to our rooms an hour early. Concierge service advised us on the best way to get cheap theatre tickets and looked after our luggage during our last day sightseeing.We stayed in a twin room on the ground floor, which was small but fine by London standards. The room was clean with efficient and quiet air conditioning which is important in the summer! The beds were comfy and the bathroom was a good size with good shower and a bath. One significant problem with the room was that it overlooked the lane to the side of the hotel where the delivery entrance is located. On the first morning we were woken at around 6am by a lorry unloading, but it moved on quickly and we went back to sleep. On the second morning, however, the deliveries began at 6am and went on till after 9am. The delivery people were not quiet - shouting and slamming doors. We didn't get any more sleep that morning! When we complained on checking out, the receptionist said all the rooms are double glazed, but if the noise bothered us we should have asked to have been moved. We pointed out that our room was single glazed and that it is hardly practical to ask to be moved since the problem started at 6am! We didn't receive an apology, and the receptionist pointed out that the hotel had to have deliveries. He also continued to insist the room was double glazed, and seemed to think we were at fault since we hadn't asked to be moved!We had the continental buffet breakfast twice, which was fine but on the second day we ate towards the end of service when a lot of foods had disappeared (no cold meats left) and you had to wait ages to get clean cups or hot water for tea.The location of the hotel is excellent, moments away from Lancaster Gate underground (central) and across the road from Hyde Park. I was able to get to Westminster for work in around 20 minutes during rush hour.	
Aug 16 2008 	good location good foodexecutve room just ok	Stayed for 4 nights and booked an Executive suite. Room size was ok, so a bit disappointed, noise outside was bad, one window tat could not stay open unless I pushed a piece of paper in,but that made noise outside worse so had to close it after one sleepless night. We used a fan instead which made it bearable as the aircon did not seem to do anything except hum.Bed were comfortable,bathroom adequate with plenty of towels and a hairdryer. Small portable tv with only 6 channels. I did look at two other rooms,room 1025 was superb, with fitted wardobe,shower cubicle and seem to be newly decorated with lots of space and very quiet unfortunately had a double bed,other room was even smaller than the one I had. breakfast was fine when i came down early, if a bt late there was a long queue.I had paid for the english breakfast but you also have the choice of contnental. I asked for room service 3 times for my daughter as she preferred to have a lie-in,but except for one time,she did not get any even when I went down to ask, I had to take some bread rolls for her myself in the end. Good location, bus 94 goes to oxford street and stop oposite hotel if you get fed up with the tube.Staff was helpful. Hotel was very clean and I may come back again if i get a discount not full rate.	
Aug 13 2008 	Good location near the tube and west End	The hotel is close to the west end and within walking distance of a number of great restaurants in Bayswater / Queensway. Check in was quick and friendly and my room spotlessly clean. The room was very compact and the bathroom tiny. However for one night it was fine and the bed was very comfortable. The bar area and reception were informal and comfortable and bar and bistro prices were both very reasonable. Breakfast was ok with a fair selection of dishes. Mine was included in the price but I dont think it was worth the £12 if you had to pay for it on top of the room rate.	
Aug 11 2008 	Great Hotel	I've just come back from 2 nights in London and we stayed at the Corus hotel. We had a slight problem when we checked in (they said our booking was for 2 days later) however once I showed them my confirmation they quickly sorted it out and found us 2 rooms next to each other (which we had asked for).I think the rooms were the executive rooms and they were very spacious and well decorated. A few of the other reviews said the rooms were very warm however ours had air conditioning however we never needed to put it on. The reception and bar areas were very nice and all the staff were very friendly.We had the full English Breakfast and it was lovely - lots of choice and we never had to wait more than a few minutes for a table.The hotel was located just by Lancaster Gate tube station which was great for getting around. Overall we had a great stay and I wouldn't hesitate to go back there.	
Aug 5 2008 	Great location lovely decor great staff	'My partner and I, with our 8 year old son, stayed at the Corus Hyde Park hotel in august 2008. The location was perfect, with Lancaster Gate station a minutes walk away and on the Central Line, and the scenic Hyde Park just across the street. The hotel`s interior was top class too and we really felt we got more for our money staying here, than we would have staying in some of the well-known chain hotels. We stayed in a family room and when I saw the room from the outside I paniced slighty as it looked a bit like a store cupboard, with elevators on either side of it, but once inside, these worries disappeared as it was spacious and the decor was modern, clean and stylish. My son`s bed was separate from ours, with the bathroom in the middle, so he felt a bit like he had his own room, which was good. He was especially impressed with the &quot;green&quot; lighting in the bathroom (the dimmed version), and the wall mounted tv, pretty decent hairdryer, kettle and handy ironing board were all great. I have to say the hotel staff were all extremely pleasant also, without it being &quot;put on&quot;. They seemed to work in a happy environment, which you don`t always get in hotels. My son again especially loved that when we came back to our room at night, those who had cleaned it, had laid all his toys and teddies out on his bed for him. This was a nice touch. The full engish breakfast was great too, with a choice of hot foods, and cereals etc. We had a small wait one morning for breakfast (15mins max) but the hotel had left a note in our room to let us know that as they were particularly busy that weekend, that they expected a wait at breakfast and advised guests to come a bit earlier if they were in a hurry. Again this was a nice touch and although the hotel was very busy, it never felt that way. Even though we were right beside the lifts, I don`t recall ever being disturbed by them, the three nights we stayed. Overall the hotel had a great feel to it, very calm, spacious and friendly. I never usually write reviews but the length of this one should show how impressed I was by the hotel!	
Aug 3 2008 	What small rooms for a 4*	Stayed for 1 night at end of July - glad it was only 1 night as the room was the smallest I have stayed in ever! The window opened onto an inner courtyard and as there was no air conditioning this had to be open. There was no air to come in through the small gap of window and we were subject to the chatter and clatter of hotel workers drifting up to us into the small hours. What a shame...lobby and reception area plus outside of hotel are lovely but the room really let it down.	
Jul 25 2008 	Lost a stone as no air con!!	The hotel's appearance was lovely-great reception and lobby and the breakfasts were great. the room was approx 10 feet by 6 feet no window to open and no air con!! we could not sleep in the heat. staff were most unhelpful and on 2 occasions on a 3 day stay we witnessed staff arguments.	
Jul 18 2008 	Shabby and outdated	I stayed at this hotel on business recently. Yes, the Corus Hyde Park has a lovely reception area and friendly staff which is nice but isn't the accommodation quite important too? I noticed that the hotel will recently complete upgrading the air conditioning of rooms which I can imagine will ease the high room temperature being that the windows open only a couple of inches. The glamorous reception and friendly staff were overshadowed by the outdated and shabby double room I stayed in. The bedspread was full of holes and the brown with blue tartan carpet looked filthy - something not of this decade! The surface of the bath around the plughole was cracked and stained so no baths taken here! On the plus side, the breakfast was nice, that is, if it is included in the price of the stay. Otherwise it is £11.50 which I suppose is average for London. I have found unfortunately that this is a not uncommon feature of hotels in central London - they look great from the outside but ultimately they let you down.	
Jul 12 2008	Great Hotel with awsome service! and perfect location.	I stayed at the Corus hotel on my last visit to London and I highly recommend it to any traveller who wants to stay in a central location, as the hotel is a quick two minute walk from Lancaster Gate tube station which is on the red, central line. This offers easy access to all of Londons top locations. If you arrive at Heathrow, the Heathrow exspress takes you from the airport to Paddington station in 15 minutes and then a taxi ride is a quick five minutes to the hotel and should not cost more then 5 pounds.The rooms are a little small but one can expect that from London hotels, if you want a bigger room you going to pay a large amount at another hotel, and for what when you not going to spend that much time in the room. Even know the rooms are a little small they come with all the facilieties one would need for a pleasent stay. A BIG plus of the hotel is the service, my sister became very sick during our stay and the hotel was unbelievable in helping out! I Would like to thank all the staff for helping out! I strongly recommend this hotel for anyone who wants to visit London and want to know they are in good hands!	
Jul 8 2008 	Clean and central	An extremely clean post-modern interior at this hotel which is on the edge of Hyde Park in London.We were greeted by a very friendly and helpful receptionist, even though we had just walked from Victoria Station and probably looked a little dishevelled and hot!Our room was small, but adequate, and very clean. As ever we were overlooking the bins and kitchen door below - but that's just our luck!Breakfast the next morning was full English and served in the basement restaurant, with plenty to choose from at a serve yourself bar.The bar was very busy late at night (probably as the local boozer The Mitre shut at 11pm because it is a residential area).The highlight of the stay though was without doubt our trip to see Morrissey at the 02 festival in Hyde Park, which is just a 10 minute walk away.Highly recommended.	
Jul 6 2008 	Good Hotel Well Located	Just returned from a 2 night stay at Corus Hyde Park Hotel, London. Booked this hotel after much research on Trip Advisor and it didnt disappoint. The hotel is in a great location beside Hyde Park and less that 2 mins from Lancaster Gate tube station. It is ideal for visiting the main London attractions. The lobby and bedroom were spotless, double room was small but well equipped and adequate for a short stay. Had the continental breakfast one morning which was par for the course - english breakfast pricey. Overall my view of Corus Hyde Park is very positive and would have no hesitation in returning.	
Jul 2 2008 	No complaints - GREAT location!	I stayed at the Corus Hyde Park for 3 nights with a friend. We are 2 girls traveling together, and felt completely safe at the hotel. We had two twin beds with a small nighstand to seperate the beds. Of course the room was a tad small, and the bathroom was tiny, but, this is Europe - much different than US standards. We absolutely loved the location, and the staff were super friendly! The tube is just a few blocks away, and the &quot;Swan&quot; pub is right around the corner - GREAT location!We loved London, and loved our stay at the Corus - would recommend for anyone looking for a good deal in a great, safe location!	
Jun 24 2008 	Well located but very small 	Stayed here for 1 night on 21st June 2008, was part of a group of 9 on a Hen night.I stayed in a twin room with another girl, the room was tiny, smaller than most &quot;Travelodge&quot; style rooms and the bathroom was even smaller, was not comfortable for the 2 of us trying to get ready for a night out.The location of the hotel is pretty good, along the Bayswater Road, directly opposite Hyde Park and a very short walk from Lancaster Gate tube or a 10-15minute walk from Queensway.Black cabs seemed to pass the hotel frequently and a cab into the Covent Garden area on a Saturday evening cost us about £15The common areas of the hotel were clean and well presented and the staff were very friendly and couldnt do enough to help (Which included the concierge man giving his pizza to 4 very drunken girls..us.. at 4am haha). The bar stayed open until about 3am, after which you could order drinks from the concierge... as with any hotel, the drinks were expensive.The breakfast was pretty standard, nothing to write home about but if its included in your rate then you may aswell have it. Breakfast is served until 10.30am and check out is 11am.If I had to would I stay here again...... possibly, I personally think it was quite expensive, £120 for a double and £140 for a triple... having said that the triple rooms were VERY large and worth the extra £20 for sure, the 9 of us all ended up getting ready in the triple room and having drinks there before we headed out.My 3 main complaints and warnings about the hotel would be...1 - The rooms are VERY hot, you can open a small window but they are very stiff and would need 2 people to open them.2 - The bath is built over some kind of ledge and there are signs warning you to watch your head, needless to stay you dont think of that when you step into the shower and 5 out of 9 of us had very sore heads where we had hit them on the ledge. The bath/shower is also very small and not that comfortable.3 - The hotel is on a road that is classed as a &quot;Business Permit&quot; road from 8.30am - 8.30pm and there is no drop off bay so be very careful, my boyfriend dropped me off, helped me up the stairs with my bag, was literally 2-3 minutes and was greeted with a whopping great £60 car parking ticket!!	
Jun 20 2008 	Small but almost perfectly formed	I stayed at the Corus Hyde Park for 1 night on a business trip. I was in a single room on the 9th floor. The room was tiny, but it was well laid out and there was a fair bit of floor space considering the size. The desk was ample size. There was not much storage space although it was fine for one night. The bathroom was also small but for one person it was adequate. If there were two people in the room then it would be way too small but then it was only a single.Breakfast was OK, I was there at 7am and it had not all all been put out yet but was definitely fresh!The staff were very helpful and the whole place seemed very clean.I thought the location was good for Oxford street, it's a 10/15 minute walk away along the side of Hyde Park. Very close to Lancaster Gate tube station.I'd have no problems with staying there again.	
Jun 7 2008 	Small rooms but comfortable with good location	I had stayed at this hotel a couple of years ago, and had to go to London on business again, so thought I'd see if it had changed. The hotel is very conveniently situated a couple of hundred yards from Lancaster Gate tube (Central line) which has excellent connections to central London. If there are any problems on the Central line, there is another tube station about five minutes walk away. There is a good pub next door (which serves decent food), and also a corner shop that stocks most essentials.A good point is the friendly Hotel Concièrge, who will hail taxis and provide useful local information. All the staff are extremely pleasant (although I didn't meet one who was British) and helpful. There was no problem with check-in or -out, both of which were speedy and efficient.The rooms are small, but well thought-out. I had an ironing board (with integral iron), portable fan (the rooms are warm, but are all having air-conditioning installed by this August), and a good flat-screen TV. The window could be opened, but only with a struggle. Another feature that I appreciated (and was surprised to find in a hotel of this quality) was a refreshment tray. This had kettle, teas/coffee/biscuits etc. The bed was comfy, and the blackout from shutters, rather than curtains, was surprisingly effective. There was the usual gripe about soundproofing between rooms not being very good, and there was no lock on the bathroom door, but that was about all for the accommodation.It is possible to book either continental or full English breakfast (the difference is about £10), but I didn't feel the quality of the full English would warrant paying this if I stay there again, although there was more than enough of everything. The Lobby is spacious and attractive, with several alcoves to sit and read in, and the bar prices were on a par with the pub next door (or vice versa). Directly across from the hotel are Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park which is great for a stroll.	
May 28 2008 	Not A Bad Hotel But Definitely Not A Four Star Hotel	stayed at the corus hotel hyde park during march on a trip to london. yes the room was small, enough for 1 person only, since i was solo traveler i didn't have a problem with that, but i can't see 2 people staying in that small room. my room overlooked baywater road, and i found the street to noisy at nite, and i sleep rather deeply. did eat at the breakfast buffet once, thought it was adequate. had a couple drinks at the bar, they had some issues with the register, so drinks were charged to my room. room card wouldn't work once or twice, a new one was issued immediately. since i was traveling during the early spring, the weather was still cool, so the air conditioner wasn't required. but i did sleep with window open several nites for fresh air. the location of the hotel was great, great great. about a block from the lancaster street station. across from hyde park, kensington park is across the steet and down some way. prince albert memorial was within walking distance. so was the science museum, the albert and victoria museum, princess diana memorial, so much within walking distance. the fire alarm did go off during the dead of nite, but something was burning and the fire department came and we were evacuated. overall i think the hotel was decent for the price.	
May 17 2008 	Awful !!!!!!	The absolute worst hotel experince of my life. The room was smaller than most prison cells. With abnormally hot weather, and no air circulation (and no air conditioners), it was impossible to sleep. The bathroom had a sink smaller than most airline washrooms, a shower that was too low for anyone over 5 foot to stand upright in, the shower nozzle kept sliding down the suppot pole, and by the time you finished trying to clean yourself, you were standing in water halfway to your knees, because the drains didn't work. The furniture and curtains had suffered from years of smoker carelessness, with burns and holes everywhere. The room was sparsely equiped, wih no iron or board, no wardrobe (where would they put it ?) &amp; a small TV mounted in the corner near the ceiling.This is NOT a 3 star hotel. More like a youth hostel from the 60's.We won't be back.	
May 10 2008 	Expected Better	4 star hotel, so expected better.The breakfast was one of the worst I have ever come across. The continental breakfast which was included in our package was awful. The only fruit was tinned grapefruit or tinned orange segments. There was no fresh fruit. The choice of cereals was limited - just bran flakes, cornflakes and one other type of flakes. Selection of bread was awful and stale. Only juices were orange juice or apple juice. Second morning we brought down our own food and used just the hotel's milk. (Note - I would not be a fussy eater either.)Other thing that was really annoying was that when we arrived, we only had a one night booking, as opposed to the 2 nights I thought we had - my fault, not the hotels and so I booked the next night through the website I had used as was much cheaper than the hotels' price of £125 (without breakfast). Took 3 trips to reception that day and next before reservation was confirmed, even with hotel voucher. And when we arrived back to hotel on 2nd night, room cards did not work and had to go down to reception again! Internet access in lobby, but was £1 for 10 mins - should have been free access - have stayed in a lot of 2 and 3 star hotels and most had free access.all rooms were meant to have air conditioning - ours didnt, all that it had was a fan.Room was small and toilet blocked in our room after one flush - had to get maintenance up to it.Only good thing about this hotel was its central location - was only about 2 / 3 mins from Lancaster Gate tube stationbut there are lots of other hotels in the area and not as pricey as this one!	
May 5 2008 	Appalling!	If you want to stay in a good, clean, decent hotel in London, AVOID the Corus Hotel in Hyde Park. Although the lobby makes you think the rooms will be lovely and clean, leave your expectations on the front door step. The Corus Hotel is disgusting. The rooms are the tackiest, dirtiest, old-fashioned rooms in all of London. It is a complete waste of money, and despite the location, it has absolutely nothing else going for it. The rooms are filthy, and the facilities in the room and the hotel are sub-standard. There is no complimentary wireless internet, which is available in every other hotel I have ever stayed in. As a frequent traveller, who has had the opportunity to stay in a number of hotels worldwide, I can honestly tell you that the Corus Hotel in Hyde Park is the worst you will find for the price. The door man is friendly, and once you get through the front door, don't expect to find anyone else who is even remotely helpful, or who understands hospitality. There is one gentleman who works at the concierge desk, who is from South Africa and manages to raise the standards of the place, But, take my advice and stay away from this hotel.	
May 3 2008 	Not a 4 Star Hotel	The rooms at the Corus Hyde Park are incredibly small. I booked a double and one side of the bed was against the wall! The bathroom door was so narrow that any large person would need to turn sideways to get in.Of course there is no bath in the 'bathroom', only a pokey shower which never seemed to get hot enough.No wardrobe - just a metal frame thing with about 6 hangers on it (for two people!). Ironing boards and hair dryers are just stuck to the wall, and can't be put away. Looks a mess. These are not rooms one would wish to spend much time in.A Four Star Hotel this is not. It barely rates 3 stars in my opinion. The only 4-star features are the location and the room rate.No mini-bar. Poor selection of tea/coffee/biscuits in room.The wall-mounted LCD tv had the sound quality of a tin can.No air conditioning. The room was very hot and it was only possible to open the window in inch or so. A small, noisy fan was the only way of cooling the room.On the plus side (I'm trying hard here) the room was acceptably clean, although the grouting in the shower looked 'tired'.Staff pleasant enough, but distant. Public areas nice enough but bland.The room was reasonably quiet at night given the location on the busy Bayswater road.Fire alarm was going off intermittently in the afternoon with no explanation from staff as to whether this was a test or a real emergency - guests just milled about confused.The location is excellent for west end entertainment, shopping etc.If you want a real 4-star hotel in this area, there are a few to choose from that offer a real 4-star experience and better value for money.Not recommended.	
May 2 2008	ARGHHH!	I stayed at this hotel for 1 night at the end of April and I hope I never have to stay there again. The staff were friendly and the food was actually quite good. However the room was awful. More like a cell it overlooked an alley with noisy airconditioning units stacked almost outsie the window and the skips for empty bottle disposals in the same area that seemed to be being filled all the time. The traffic noise was very loud as well. The double glazing seemed not to work and I spend a noisy evening not being able to work or relax and a noisy night not getting much sleep. Not recommended at all.	
Apr 25 2008	good hotel great location	I stayed at the corus hotel hyde park in febraury 2008, i travelled with a college trip and they organised the hotel. on first impressions the hotel is very grand, the entrance is made of marble and as you walk up the marble stairs you are greeted at the entrance by a very polite doorman who carried our bags inside. our room was good, its was a little small but for the money i paid it was good value. the room was cleaned every day and the maids did not hassle you to vacate the rooms while they cleaned. The bar area and reception is immaculate and all the staff are very friendly and approachable. food was good i only had breakfast at the hotel but it was really nice, it was served buffet style and there was lots of variety.  The hotel is located directly opposite hyde park and the view form my room over hyde park was amazing. the only problem i had at this hotel was that in the breakfast not many of the staff our english so sometimes it was hard to get what you are asking for, but other than this hotel is very very good.	
Apr 23 2008	Excellent Choice for London	What a great find!This hotel is aimed at &quot;budget business travellers&quot;. And tho I was there on vacation, it suited me perfectly. This means it was not a luxurious place to hang out. But it was very clean, comfortable, friendly and with a wonderfully active lobbyJust one subway stop past the excitement of Oxford Street, the hotel is also across the street from Hyde Park which allowed me to enjoy everything about the city and introduced me to its wonderful royal parks.The staff was very helpful and eager to please, offering me a choice of three rooms since I was staying for seven days.Concierge, doormen, bar staff, cleaners were all great.My only quibble.. it would have been nice to have a table lamp in the room as the overhead halogens didn't produce a very warm or inviting light. Others have commented on the tiny rooms. But mine was a twin with plenty of room.If you need a comfortable place to stay in London which is affordable for north americans, this is it.	
Apr 9 2008	Small but perfect	Just spent 2 nights at this hotel. Yes the rooms are small and yes they resemble ship cabins but they are cleverly designed and immaculately clean. All mod cons, hairdryers, ironing board, trouser press, tea/coffee facilties, great shower. Very central location. Get off tube at Lancaster Gate, exit tube station, turn right, 3 mins walk. Would stay there again.	
Apr 8 2008 	Lovely and Clean	We stayed two nights at the Corus Hotel. Lovely clean room staff were very freindly and the English breakfast was very good. Just minutes walk from Lancaster Gate tube station it was ideal. As we own our own B&amp;B we are very critical of standards. We would stay there again. Sheila and Roy from Sheffield	
Apr 3 2008	Pokey and Overpriced	Stayed for three nights on business. Room is very small and under- equipped but the bathroom is a joke- you cannot sit on the toilet without putting your feet in the shower. You can hardly turn around in it. There is no storage space for clothes.Walls are too thin and you hear a lot of noise from your neighbours and passages.The lift provision is totally inadequate- on the 4th floor at 9.00am, every lift which stopped was completely full. I suppose this is a result of them having lots of large groups.Not recommended	
Mar 31 2008 	Very nice hotel	I looked long and hard for a nice '5 star' type hotel in central london with a budget of £100 for a nights stay for my boyfriends birhday. I finally came across the Corus Hotel which met my budget nicely and although it wasn't a 5 star hotel the pictures I'd seen of it lead me to believe it was going to be more than suitable for a nights stay. I was a little nervous though as it was slighly cheaper compared to many other hotels in that location and some reviews I'd read were quite negative however as soon as I arrived there my worries disappeared. The staff were very friendly on arrival and when I mentioned it was my boyfriends birthday our room was upgraded to a room on the sixth room. The room was comfortable, clean and tidy. The deco was alittle dated in the sleeping area but the bathroom was quite modern. The shower was great - very powerful! The rate included continental breakfast which can be served in your room for no extra cost.The location of the hotel for us was alittle away from the west end - 10 min taxi ride or approx 35 mins walk - not great if you're a lady wearing heals. However the views of hyde park from our room were enough for us not to worry about paying extra for taxis to take us everywhere. I would definitely recommend this hotel for a nights stay! Not sure if the room size would be big enough for a full weeks stay but certainly fine for a night or two.	
Mar 29 2008 	modern but small	the decor in this hotel is lovely but the rooms are small, the bathrooms are the worst, the baths have high sides so hard to climb in and there is a big ledge above your head which makes showering uncomfortable as its possible to keep hitting your head on the ledge whilst washing your hair, the staff are nice and friendly and the food is excellent, its right next to a tube station so getting around is easy. the only thing that lets this hotel down is the bathrooms, and i would say for what you get its a little overpriced, next time i will pay the litttle extra for a marriot hotel which are by far the best	
Mar 28 2008 	reasonable and pleasant	I had a single room on the eighth floor for an overnight stay this week. The rate (£80) was as good as you get in London unless you are in a Travelodge or Travel Inn, and the location is great - 2 mins from Lancaster Gate tube stop on the Central (red) line. It's across the road from Kensington Gardens/ Hyde Park and a pleasant stroll to Marble Arch and the shops if you prefer walking to the Tube. 10 minutes walk to Paddington Station too.The rate included continental breakfast which they will serve in your room for no extra cost, quite nice for a single traveller.The room had an iron and small ironing board, a very compact but pleasant bathroom, wall mounted flat screen TV. It was all rather spare but not unpleasantly so, and both clean and comfortable.	
Mar 24 2008 	Corus Hotel an Excellent choice for all!	We arrived on 15 mar 08 and stayed for 3 nights.The address of the hotel is lancaster gate, so get off at this tube station and not paddington it will save you a lot of time!The hotel was very clean, staff friendly, continental breakfast was nice and plentiful! Located in an upmarket area facing hyde park!Cannot fault this hotel.	
Mar 12 2008 	More like a ships cabin	Just returned from 2 nights at Corus Hyde Park. My daughter had a single room that was no larger than a cross channel ferry cabin. It was also next to the lift which kept my daughter awake and the sound of drunks leaving the lift in the early hours was not acceptable. We had a double room with a bathroom that was smaller than our toilet at home. This hotel could not be compared to other 4 star London hotels we have stayed in.	
Mar 11 2008	Small rooms good staff	We have just returned from 2 nights at The Corus Hyde . The hotel is right next to Hyde Park and 10 minutes from Paddington station. The Hotel itself was clean but the room a standard was too small for a 4 stars hotel in centrale london. However the service we received was very good (Daniel the porter in particular and the check in staff). We enjoyed our time at The Corus Hyde but its not really worth a second visit.Dave and Karen	
Mar 10 2008 	Great Location	Excellent location, but only for a short stay.The room was the smallest room i have ever stayed in!Breakfast was good, nothing that special though! Service and decor were excellent and the views over Hyde Park amazing!Beautifuly designed hotel in a classy area!Stroll through Hyde Park to end up either to Buckingham Palace or West End and the Lancaster Gate tube is only seconds away.I didn't eat at the hotel in the evenings, but I had a fantasticaly tasty vegetable soup there!	
Mar 8 2008 	All true	Just returned from this hotel having booked it after reading reviews on tripadviser. Could not agree more with the praise it received. When we arrived we were given an immediate room upgrade free of charge.The room was small but planned to work well with two occupants.Did intend to eat out but gave the Olio Brasserie a try and booked for the following evening as well as the food was excellent.Our only criticism was that the continental breakfast was rather limited more choice of meat and some fresh fruit would have been nice.The position was excellent too with being so close to Lancaster Gate Tube,all the major attractions were within easy reach.A journey to the Maritime museum at Greenwich was only 45 minutes using the Central line and DLR and cost £2 using an Oyster Card. These cards are a must for anyone intending to use the Underground to get around saves all the hastle of buying tickets etc.	
Mar 4 2008 	Very nice hotel	We booked this hotel as part of a British Airways package. It has a gorgeous lobby, the staff are very friendly and professional. The rooms are quite small by American standards, but I understand this is a typical room in Europe. Nevertheless, it is clean, tidy and attractive; I didn't come to London to hang out in the room anyway. Hotel is located in a beautiful neighborhood full of other small hotels catering to foreign tourists of all nationalities. Close to a variety of restaurants and takeaway shops if you're too tired after a hard day of sightseeing. Within walking distance of Paddington Station (approx 5 mins) and a block from the Lancaster Gate tube.Wireless access in room for a fee, in-room hair dryer, iron and laptop size safe.	
Mar 4 2008	Great location and hotel	We have just returned from a one night stay at the Corus hotel.The hotel was superb and ideally situated opposite Hyde Park. Lancaster Gate tube station was easy access about 5 minutes walk from hotel.Staff were very friendly and rooms were contemporary and clean.Breakfast was excellent, would definitely book this hotel again.	
Feb 27 2008 	great place for short stays	We loved this hotel. Rooms are small but clean and bright. Breakfast was fine. You could eat in the sunroom overlooking Hyde Park.. Lancaster Gate underground 1/2 block away to your left. Paddington Station about a 5 min. walk. The on and off bus tours one exit down at Marble Arch. The hotel staff was very helpful and funny and friendly. We ate next door at Swan once. A small store next door to the hotel you can buy water and etc. We ate at Khan's a wonderful Indian Rest. that we took a 4 pound cab ride from the hotel. The area around the hotel was safe.	
Feb 25 2008 	Small but convenient	My wife, daughter and I stayed here for two nights (weekend) and found the location to be ideal, buses and tube nearby and park opposite for pleasant stroll. The reception, and dining area is ideal and the service and staff very helpful and pleasant and breakfast (english) was plentiful and well presented.The accommodation for two persons is poor. My daughter had the same, a double room, and found for one person it was quite adequate.The rooms are small, no access to both sides of the bed and only one dining type chair between two persons and the lack of double glazing made the traffic noise seem louder, no drawer space so smaller items need to be kept in your suitcase The bathroom is also quite small with height restriction in the shower and hardly any space to put out your toiletries etc. The whole room gave the impression of &quot;student&quot; accommodation .If i need more than two days then this would not be the place i would chose	
Feb 22 2008 	Good Hotel	I stayed for one night at the Corus Hyde Park with my two daughters, 15 and 11 having gone to London to do shopping/theatre. As I was travelling on my own with them for the first time (ie minus husband), I spent ages searching the internet beforehand for a suitable hotel and I was careful to also read any available reviews. This hotel was well situated to walk into Oxford Street for shopping, not too far from Paddington for the Heathrow Express and in a quiet area right next to Hyde Park. It was lovely to have a doorman open the door of our taxi and show us into the hotel. The hotel's reception is very grand and you felt like it was going to be a good hotel. Everybody polite and helpful. I was a bit disappointed about the size of the room but it was good quality and had everything we could possibly want for an overnight stay. We had an executive double room with a fold out bed for my youngest daughter who slept like a log. Personally, I found the bed a little soft for my liking but that's just me.The breakfast was good and it was lovely to walk through Hyde Park down to Oxford Street. Overall a good experience and I would use it again.	
Feb 19 2008 	Small but perfectly formed	We stayed here on Saturday and had a very pleasant night. Our double room was small but had everything we needed including hairdryer, trouser press and iron, which are often not found in other London hotels. The staff were friendly and helpful, and check in and check out went very smoothly. The location is perfect for a night out in London, it is easy to get to by public transport, we had no trouble getting a cab in front of the hotel and on returning in the early hours of the morning the area was quiet and safe. A continental breakfast (included in our booking) was served in our room at no extra cost. It is worth noting if you are staying on the weekend and driving to the hotel, although the hotel itself has no parking there are several roads nearby with no parking restrictions on Saturday and Sunday and we were able to park our car free of charge.	
Feb 6 2008 	A Fine Hotel	The hotel is conveniently located very near the underground and several bus routes as well as being across the street from Hyde Park for wonderful walks. My standard single room and bathroom were small but beautifully designed to maximize space and efficiency . There was a flat screen TV on the wall across from the bed and there were attractive sliding shutters on the window. The sound proofing was good as I was not disturbed with noise from neighboring rooms. The continental breakfast was entirely adequate with a selection of fruit juices, tea, coffee, hot chocolate, croissants, hard rolls, sliced ham, grapefruit and orange slices and packaged cheeses and jams. A selection of local newspapers were piled in the lobby and could be taken for free. There are two computers in the lobby and one in the business center and can be used at a cost of 1 pound per 10 minutes. There are internet cafes nearby on Craven Street which are considerably less expensive - 1 pound for one hour's use. I must add that there were several steps leading down to my room which might be a hindrance for anyone with mobility problems but i saw other rooms without steps. Obviously I was very pleased with my six days at the Corus and plan to stay there again.	
Jan 30 2008 	Very pleased!	Me and my boyfriend stayed at the Corus hotel Hyde Park in London for 4 nights. The location is perfect; right next to Hyde Park, 2 minutes to the Underground (Lancaster Gate) and within walking distance from Oxford Street.The room was small, but very clean and nicely decorated. We didn't spend much time there anyway, since we were exploring London for the first time.The continental breakfast was included in the price and was good, although it was the same everyday. The coffee was surprisingly good! Our last morning we upgrated to an english breakfast just to try it out and it was good as well.The staff was friendly and I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends and anyone who is going to London!	
Jan 27 2008 	Great Location - Tiny Rooms - Friendly Staff	I stayed at this Hotel in the witer and was happy that the windows would open as it got quite warm at times...I am hot blooded so it just could be me!. The hotel feels like it is in a neighborhood rather than a tourist area. It is right in next to Hyde Park, Bus Lines, and a Tube station is a short walk. The furniture and bedding appear'd to be new and the staff was friendly and helpful. I would stay here again with no hesitation. Good Value.	
Jan 14 2008	Functional but small room	The hotel was ideally situated only 4 tube stops (on the Central line) from the heart of London. The reasonably priced room we stayed in was SMALL (only 7' x 20' ) but it did have everything you needed except for a comfy bed and air-conditioning (just a noisy fan. AC being rolled out to all rooms currently and the window did open). TV, Wifi, private WC/shower, hair-dryer, iron+board, loads of light especially some freaky green light in the bathroom.The hotel staff were all freindly and helpfull especially when we got locked out of our room on the 2nd day, when the card wouldn't open the door.If what your looking for is a place to lay your head after doing the whole tourist thing, then this would suit but not for more than a couple of days.AB, Bedfordshire.	
Jan 14 2008 	Good overnight choice but not for longer stay	Stayed here because I had a pre-Christmas dinner in London. The room was 'compact' but somehow surprisingly spacious, thanks to clever design (like the curved worksurface somebody else has written about). So, okay for one or two nights but probably would get claustrophic for any longer.Nice lobby area and comfortable bar. Early serving for breakfast. Good rates if you book Late Room through well know internet site. Would probably use again	
Jan 7 2008	Good Location hotel needs improvement!	Just spent 2 nights at the corus hyde park, the hotel being in a good area. Car parking is a slight issue as it is abit of walk from the hotel, we made the mistake of not dropping the bags off rather than lugging them around. Once at the hotel 3 members of concierge watched us with our bags.. helpful! Check-in staff were pleasant. We had upgraded to an Executive room and wish we hadn'd botthered and actually feel robbed! The room was sooo small and bed took up the whole room, the carpets were filthy dirty, bed linen was all ripped, stains on the bottom of the bed where the mattress sits, I could go on and on but I think you get the picture. The hotel, needs a complete overhaul, and also needs to be more honest with the standard of accommodation on there website, when I booked I wondered why there only had a small picture of a bedroom this is obvious now because they are not proud of there rooms! If you get a really really good rate, then this hotel is good dont expect anything special as you wont get it. Try to call ahead and see if you can get a Laura Ashley room, as these are the newest refurbed rooms. It is worth paying extra to have a full english rather then the continential, however there are many a cafe and bistro type places around to get Breakfast also. Nearest car park: Queensway £22 per night Tube: QueenswayBoth of which are about 20-25 mins walk.	
Jan 6 2008 	tiny rooms	Visiting London with my parents for a graduation ceremony. Hotel rated as 4 * and clearly had good location so we were looking forward to our visit. Positives: When we arrived we were initailly impressed with the foyer and bar area. We had 2 rooms and were given them next door to each other. Breakfast was delicious a hot buffet. Staff were friendly and helpful. Negatives: Both rooms were very small. I managed okay in the single but expected more from the hotel, but my parents who aren't as young as they used to be had a very small double room. The bed was in the corner with one side against the wall as it would not have fit in the middle of the room. There was no storage space at all save for a couple of coat hangers and a rail, no where to sit except one desk chair and it all felt a bit claustrophobic. The bathroom was also tiny and you had to climb into a very high sided bath to have a shower. I agree with another review in that they seem to have divided 1 larger room into 2 small ones to fit as many guests in as possible. Its a shame as it is a nice hotel	
Jan 3 2008 	Fabulous location opposite Hyde Park	After a killer 26 hour flight from Australia, we were very impressed with this hotel and in particular the location - such a stylish, upmarket part of London! The staff were quite pleasant, and the rooms, although neat and tidy, were very small. We were thrilled that an iron and ironing board were supplied, as this wasn't the case in other hotels throughout Europe. There is a fabulous pub next door which I can recommend, and the proximity to Paddington and Lancaster Gate tube was a real bonus. The Continental breakfast leaves much to be desired - although we later realised that you can upgrade to an English breakfast, and take this into the restaurant downstairs which was fantastic. We stayed in this hotel in early October 07, and found the room to be very hot and needed to keep the window open. Only problem was, the window wouldn't stay open so we needed to use the tea tin to keep it wedged open! But besides that minor glitch, we were happy with this hotel, and would certainly stay again.	
Dec 18 2007 	Very good hotel with only minor flaws	Stayed here for 6 nights. Overall, a very good hotel and would likely stay there again. Excellent location - right across from Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park, near the Lancaster Gate tube station, not far from Paddington Station (trains) and close to a lot of good dining options. The hotel is is in very good shape, especially the lobby and lounge area. The rooms are small but clean and well-appointed. Great customer service. Has some minor areas that need improvement, but is a recommended hotel.The areas for improvement: the continental breakfast is decent, but there was no change during the entire stay - even mixing it up with a different fruit or selection or rolls or cereal would help for those staying multiple nights. The TV in our room was a very small set mounted at 90 degree angle to the bed (ever watch TV sideways?). Lastly, the lack of free wireless internet is a drawback for those who live in a connected world (isn't that most of us now?) The charge is excessive (5 GBP for 10 minutes), so if access is important there are numerous internet cafes and stores within walking distance that offer reasonable rates (99p for 1 hour).	
Dec 3 2007	Great Room - Great Location	This is a great hotel in an excellent location, the exterior is really nice, very old building just at the entrance to Hyde Park. The Lancaster gate underground is literally a 2minute walk from the hotel. we had a really nice twin bedroom. it was on the 8th floor. Granted - the room was small but it was exceptionally clean and the decor very modern. I would definetely recommend this to my friends and family who will be visiting london. Overall Great Hotel for the price.	
Dec 3 2007 	OK but some problems	OK, but had a few issues that I wouldn't expect of a 4 star hotel.Got to the hotel and went to check into our triple room at 5.30pm. Was told the room wasn't ready even though check in time was 2pm and we could leave our bags and come back later. We had theatre tickets and wanted to get to our room and freshen up, so was not happy with this - we agreed we could go drop our bags off while housekeeping were still cleaning. The beds weren't even made.The room was clearly not a triple - it was a double room they had squashed in a small metal spring bed in - this was very uncomfortable for an adult. We were not told this at time of booking. When we got back to hotel later on after our evening out, it was very hard to try and get drinks at the bar. You couldn't pay cash and unless you had put your credit card with reception, you couldn't get drinks unless you went back to reception and gave them the credit card and then went back to the bar. What a performance for a couple of orange juices! Not impressed.Continental breakfast was included - croissants, rolls and cereal. Not a huge selection.	
Nov 30 2007 	Awful	Staff were pleasant - the only saving grace. The room, with its laughingly called designer workspace (a 'desk' which was curved!!) was so small that one side of the double bed (which only just fits the description) was aginst the wall. I can only assume that that the rooms have been made by dividing one former room into two. The bathroom.........new and clean...but equally tiny, with a brand new shower (tepid) that gets you wet, as long as you are prepared to move around. In a word - awful	
Nov 27 2007 	A Safe Bet...	Nicely located across from Hyde Park, the hotel is clean and efficient. the rooms are typically small, but you're probably not spending much time in them anyway. Relatively good value for London.Minuses -- the conceirges must be 'on the take' for restaurant recommendations, and they didn't know how much it cost to ride the Tube! Take what they say with a grain of salt. Also, the staff at the bar is less then efficient -- you'll have to basically wait on your own table. Overall, decent mid-grade biz class hotel -- it won't knock your socks off but you won't be disappointed either.	
Nov 21 2007 	Functional...	Upon arrival we were informed by the efficient and polite reception staff that we had been &quot;upgraded&quot; to a &quot;Viceroy&quot; room. We were very pleased having had a less than smooth journey to the hotel. Unfortunately, our 7th floor upgrade (room 704) turned out to be the tiniest hotel room we have ever had. The double bed was almost too big (I did hit my head on the corner bedside table during my sleep which was a painful awakening at 4am). The room was clean and functional. The bathroom was minute and the bath panel was warped and worn (clearly water had seeped into the MDF and it had swelled - not a good look) Info about the hotel etc provided was minimal and the room &quot;reading material&quot; was a copy of the latest Laura Ashley mail order catalogue which seemed to be an unusual choice. Tea and coffee provision could be improved.The hotel overall is ok. The public areas were uninspiring production line interior design. The bar was ok (although it felt a bit yobby at midnight!), breakfast was fair, concierge was good.The best bit about the hotel for our purpose was the location as it is an easy walk to Hyde Park/Kensington, Paddington and the West End.I would not stay here again as I know that there is better on offer in London of a comparable class.	
Oct 27 2007 	Excellent!!	After reading some of the reviews, I was nervous about this hotel. However, I should'nt have been. It was excellent. The hotel is set in a fab location, just a few minutes work from Lancaster Gate tube and from the gates of Hyde Park. The reception is lovely as were the staff. Our room, a twin, was on the fourth floor. It was lovely. The room was exceptionally clean and was well decorated. The bathroom had a great shower and the towels were huge. The room was a good size. The only negative thing to comment on was the lack of drawers - the aren't any!!! I would definitely go back to this hotel.	
Oct 23 2007 	Can London Hotel rooms get any smaller?	Used this hotel on a couple of warm late September evenings. Car parking is bad with the nearest car park being a good 1/2 mile a way at Queensway. After the check in I discovered that the room I had been given was one of the smallest I had ever stayed in! Very well furnished and equipped, but the heat was incredible. They have safety catches on the window which only allowed you to open it 2 inches, so the fan stayed on all night. I complained to the receptionist on checkout who informed me that all the rooms were having aircon fitted in the future.The second visit a week or so later I asked about upgrading to an airconned executive room which was advertised at £40 extra! This was waived for me, but the exec rooms I think are almost smaller than the standard rooms, although, again I have to say well fitted apart from the fact that the standard room had a built in trouser press and iron which the exec room didn't - try figuiring that out.Breakfast was fair, but service poor and the breakfast room reminds one of a canteen! All in all a typical London hotel which if you have to use it is OK	
Sep 30 2007 	Need to try harder given the choice in London	I stayed at the Corus Hyde Park for a couple of nights while on a business trip this September. I stayed in one of the &quot;Executive&quot; rooms which was on the 10th floor, having the luxury of Air Conditioning!!Upon arrival, the check-in desk were reasonably efficient with two people serving customers. However, there were two people behind the desk doing other jobs, and I felt that during a busy period they could have helped to get the queue down a bit.Once checked in, I was greeted by a modern room which was of a reasonable size. The decor was typical of a newer style hotel, but nothing exceptional. The room had both a shower and bath, a small desk and a TV with a small selection of channels. As an executive room I would have expected to see a Minibar and something better than nescafe to make coffee with. Free wifi would have also been a nice extra to have.Checkout was again slow, and the staff were not as polite or engaging with customers compared with other hotels I have experienced. I would rate the customer service in this hotel as below average overall.For the price of the &quot;Executive&quot; room I was very disappointed with the overall package, I have seen so much better in other hotels at equal or lesser price. Given that I stayed in a room that is supposed to be better than the majority of rooms in the hotel, I would not rate this above a Travelodge, and avoid in the future as there are many better hotels around for the money.	
Sep 22 2007 	Give it a miss	Went to London for a business trip, scoured the hotels on website and this one seemed okay and near the place I was going.Easily accessible from the tube station and good location overlooking Hyde Park, overall first impression was hey, Ive picked a good one here. Bright and spacious inside and very clean and welcoming. Imagine our delight being told we had been automatically upgraded, what a result! Expecting a nice room to go with the nice hotel, we were directed downstairs to the ground floor level, our room was overlooking a side street and passers by going past our window, not nice!To add insult to injury the room was obviously intended for little people, my husband and I, being strapping six footers were not far from headbutting the overhead air con, it was a very small room with little space to manoevre in. the bathroom was of course tiny, and very awkward to shower in. If this was an upgrade I would hate to see the one below it!The bar however was nice, run by east europeans, no surprizes there! The resturant was excellent and the full english absolutely magnificent.	
Sep 18 2007 	We went back	We have used this hotel before and went back, so this is the first good point. The rooms are small and we certainly would not advise staying there for more than a couple of nights. There is no draw space at-all and little hanging space, so you do end up living out of your suitcase. We did not find this any problem for the single night we were there.The room is clean and the tiny bathroom is clean also. The staff are friendly, and while the breakfast was not like home cooking it was plentyfull and totally self service except for the coffee. The meals in the bar area are really best avoided and the pub next door has a good menu and is reccomended.The position of the hotel is a big selling point - an easy walk to the Tube and right on the park that we walked across to get to Buckingham Pallace, (due to a Tube strike)As long as you don't need masses of room and won't spend a lot of time in your room this is an ideal hotel in London for short stays	
Sep 8 2007 	No air con!!	this hotel was ok - not worth the money it was sooooo HOT no air con at all, unbearable at night !! rooms were nothing like the pics i saw online...old fashioned decor but clean.	
Aug 28 2007 	Good Location but no air con	Location for the hotel is excellent a few minutes walk from lancaster Gate station. The rooms were very small but were modern and clean, the real problem was the lack of air conditioning. We were there in July and whilst it was not the warmest summer on record(!!!!) it was quite muggy which made the one fan in the room not much use at combating the heat.I think you can pay to upgrade rooms to executive level which does have air con but the hotel was fully booked whilst we were there.Lobby and bar of the hotel are good, our rate had continenatl breakfast included but we never made it down in time for this preferring to get a more leisurely brunch at some of the local cafes.The hotel is within walking distance of Oxford street and the walk down is very pleasant alongside the park.We found an excellent restaurant called the island about a block away from the corus down towards lancaster gate, could not rate highly enough the food was excellent.overall good stay would go back but only if they added air con!!!	
Aug 27 2007 	Hot Rooms But Clean!	I have stayed at this hotel once before at the end of June and forgot to write a review. I was lucky to get a room at all because it was Wimbledon week! I had to pay £150 for a standard room as it was booked on the same day and it looks like this might be the &quot;walk in&quot; price. I stayed here again in August and paid £80 through Lastminute.com (for the same room).The hotel is very central to Lancaster Gate - just a few minutes walk. This is very convenient as it is only 10 minutes or less on the tube to Oxford Street, and not far from Paddington either.The hotel is nice and the reception staff friendly. My room was clean, a nice size, and comfortable. My only complaint (like everyone else) was the heat! You walk into the room and start sweating! There isn't any air conditioning. It is ok if you put the fan on and go out for a while. However, I have found the fan is rather noisy and switched it off when I went to sleep...only to wake up very hot! I knew it would be like this after my previous stay, however, it was the cheapest hotel, with clean rooms, close to Paddington and central that I could find with less than a week to book and not hugely put down on TripAdvisor.	
Aug 25 2007 	Modern comfort	OutlineThe hotel stay was for 4 nights mid week, booked by my company due to the central locationTravelThe hotel is on the block next to Lancaster Gate underground station so litterally 60 seconds walk from there. If you are travelling by car to london, you can avoid the congestion charge getting there but parking is limited to a single yellow line outside the hotel where you can only park between 6:30pm and 8:30am. Nearest car park is 10mins walk away and costs £22 for 24 hours.ArrivalThe hotel's entrance is perfectly acceptable and gives a good impression of the hotel. It is clean, modern and stylish. On the ground floor there is a concierge service, reception, bar, lounge and restaurant. Once you check in, you are expected to make your own way to your room. Thats ok as it's simple to find your room and I prefer not to tip a porter for carring my wheeled suitcase 50 yards.RoomRoom are generally small, but very well maintained and styled. They have 7 coat hangers, but more are available on request. The rooms are made up everyday for you. Tea and coffee facilities are provided in the room. There is plently of plug sockets, handy if you have a mobile phone, laptop, hairdryer, straightners ect. There is a fan mounted to the ceiling as they don't have air conditioning. The fan is slightly noisy for a fan, but acceptable is you adjust the angle of the fan slightly.FoodA full english breakfast is provided on the lower ground floor and continental breakfast on the ground floor. I always had the full english breakfast. I found the scrambled egg particularly nice as they were not microwaved, rather made in a pan with milk. The bacon was the only downside being rather dry. At night there is a English or Malaysian choice of food in the restaurant where is the service is brilliant and attentive. Alternatively you can eat in the lounge and choose from english favourites such as beef burger and chips. If you do choose from this you wont be disappointed as it's no McDonalds burger, but a prime beef steak on a toasted bun with stilton cheese. Delicious.Value for moneyThe hotel room is an average value considering the prime location of the hotel, however I found the cost of food and drinks quite expensive considering the pub next door offers drinks and food similar in quality but at a much lower cost. Overall experienceI found the hotel modern, clean, stylish and worth the money. The staff would endeavour to acheive any request you made and the concierge service splendid. I would reccomend this hotel to people who are looking for a place to stay whilst on a short trip for business or pleasure to central London	
Aug 24 2007 	Not as good as last year!	We stayed at the Corus last year, and as everything went fine, we decided to use it again. However, despite booking two doubles, we were informed that none were available except for in the basement which sounded like the overspill! So we were given twins instead. The notice on the side advertising Double's with AC left me with the distinct impression there were double's still available, but as I had an hour to get over to Wembley. I didn't have time to argue.The room was as expected, but the en-suite was tiny, and you had to shower sideways! It was also a smoking floor (fifth) but I can't remember if the website we used gives you an option so I won't hold it against the hotel!Finally, a good point - the breakfast, as last year, was a big plus - plenty to eat setting you up for a manic day in our fine capital!	
Aug 24 2007 	Good hotel with flaws	I stayed at the Corus Hyde Park hotel from the 16th to the 19th of August for an extended weekend trip with my wife. We had a good stay in the hotel but there were some flaws.First of all: The location of the hotel is close to perfect. Very near to Lancaster Gate tube station on Central Line that in a few minutes will bring you to Oxford Circus which is in the heart of London. The hotel itself is pretty decent for a short stay. I found the staff in the reception to be courteous and efficient and the lobby/bar area to be quite well. My room was a different matter. The first thing that welcomed us when we opened the door was a distinct odeur of sewer!! As other reviewers have told the the room was also cramped and hot. Most of these problems were solved by opening the window (there was no A/C).The breakfast included in our room was a joke: Bread, butter, ham, cornflakes and some canned fruit. I don't think I have forgotten anything. The breakfast was clearly designed to get clients to pay (approx. 8 £) to upgrade to the english breakfast downstairs (which we did). I saw some pictures of the executive rooms that looked much better than our room. Maybe the english breakfast is also included when you book those rooms?	
Aug 23 2007 	Not much space	The Corus Hotel Hyde Park is in a nice section of London. Having been to London several times I realize that rooms are small but for $200 I expected something larger than 15' x 18'. The room was quite hot and stuffy with no air conditioning.	
Aug 11 2007 	Skip the continental breakfast	My husband and I stayed at the Corus for 5 nights in May, 2007. The location is fantastic; right near the tube and across the street from the park. The room is small. I knew this going in, but was still suprised by just how small it was. The bed was ok, but the pillows are a bit like mini futons cushions (very firm and dense). I've since heard this is how pillows are in Britain. The continental breakfast was included in our price, but I would skip it if staying there again. They had the same spread daily (cheese, ham, stale croissant, bad coffee, juices, cereal), and it was a bit tiring after several days. On the upside, the room was clean, the temperature was fine (we were not in an air conditioned room), and it was generally pretty quiet.	
Aug 1 2007 	Great for a weekend	I stayed here early in the month. The room was very compact but had everything you need and was clean and nicely decorated. Location is great with lots of bars and restaurants near by.This hotel is great for a weekend hotel when you wont spend much time in. Great Value if this is what your after. Only downside was the room got really hot with only a little fan which didnt help much	
Jul 30 2007 	great hotel	after reading some of the reviews on here we were a little worried what we would get we arrive at 4pm checked straight into the room and was happy with the outcome the lobby and staff were very pleasant and helpful. the breakfast (full english ) was lovely plenty of food and choice and quick service nice pleasant dining room. our room was an excutive i would recommend these rooms for the extra money you can upgrade when you arrive for £30 which would be worth doing the other rooms are small and cramped we had air conditioning in ours tea /coffee ahairdryer trouser press and iron + board. bathroom a decent size with bath and shower. would definately stay at this hotel again ! location is brilliant 2 minute walk to lancaster gate underground and hyde park straight opposite the hotel. nice pub to the side of the hotel called the swan nice food and beer. all in all a good weekend break !	
Jul 20 2007 	Hated the Bed	I stayed at the Corus twice in March and April 2007. They must have been under booked as they gave me a big roomy room with a roomy bathroom, an air conditioning with a heating option (came very much in handy) and a TV that was close enough to the bed to watch it from there. Only gripe is the bed itself - the side of the matteress which apparantly everybody used to get up from (as the other side was close to a wall) was lower and sloping from over-use (and must be a cheap mattress as well) - I had to be careful not to accidetally slide right off the bed in the middle of the night!Nice thing was that they gave away me entire two adapters for my electronics at reception at no charge - apparently some tourists must have left them behind.One other gripe is that when I did not feel like paying for and eating a big breakfast, and just wanted a cappuchino and a muffin, there aren't any coffee shops like Starbucks or Nero around unless you walk 20 minutes or take the bus or tube into Oxford Street or Notting Hill.	
Jul 18 2007 	Trendy interior	We flew into London from the USA, requiring to stay one night before moving on to the rest of the UK. As we arrived early, after an overnight flight, we were allowed to go straight into our room. The room was as the photos had showed, modern headboard and space saving furniture. The bathroom was small, but immaculate, compactly presented. We travel a lot and have learned how to read between the lines of a hotel description. The hotel was exactly as we expected, light, modern decor, excellent dinner served by Polish staff, and very friendly receptionists. We would recommend it to anyone coming to London for mainly sight-seeing purposes.	
Jul 10 2007 	Convenient hotel	We stayed two nights at the Corus Hyde Park in late May. It was part of a buy the flight-get two nights accomodation package with British Airways. Check-in was handled smoothly and we were allowed to check-in before the official time--wonderful for us, since we had flown all night and gotten to London in the early morning. The staff was polite and helpful; the room small but clean and adequate. Location could not have been better, with quick access to the tube and buses. A pleasant surprise was the on-site restaurant where we ate one night (we were just too exhausted to look for anywhere else). The food was great; the service excellent and the price moderate. We would likely stay here again, depending on the price and the date of our trip. The lack of air conditioning did not bother us this trip since it was cold and raining when we were there.	
Jul 9 2007 	Worse hotel experience. Stay away!!!	Booked a double-room through the Corus hotel website but when I got there they told me they did not have anymore double-room left!!?? They did have my reservation but somehow they told me they didn't have the double-room I booked and I thought that was ridiculous. They finally found me a twin room but the room was horrible. The bathroom stinks, the water on both the sink and bathtub did not go down and the shower did not work. Don't be deceived by the grand lobby. The room is old and disgusting. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The only good thing about this hotel is that it is just 3 mins walk to the Lancaster Gate subway stop and that's about it.	
Jul 5 2007 	Great location but no air conditioning!!!!!	We stayed at the Corus in June and we generally pleased. The location is lovely with the park across the road. Very convenient to tube. Rooms very modern but small, but not a problem. The only problem was how hot it was in the room. We requested an upgrade as they have signs at reception saying that for 30 pounds you can be upgraded to an air conditioned room. The signs say it all as so many people were complaining about the heat in their rooms. We were unable to upgrade as there were no more rooms available. It was unbearable on the first night and the next day we asked for the window to be opened and had to sign a form to say that we take responsibility for lost goods etc. This made a big difference. The room became bearable, but bathroom was hot after a shower. Very nice ammenties in the hotel and if you can survive the heat it is a good hotel!!	
Jun 15 2007 	Flash outside Small rooms OK location	The hotel is located about 50m from Lancaster Gate Tube. The outside and lobby are very grand. The reception staff are friendly and quick.Three very quick lifts get you to one of the ten floors of rooms. There are about 50 rooms per floor. The room I stayed in was very small although for £30 you can upgrade (I didn't). My room was long and narrow (see the photos from another review). The bed was comftable. There is a rail to hang your clothes but no cupboards. Tea/coffee was in the room along with a biscuit. There is a TV with verybasic channels but it is located at the opposite end of the bedroom to the bed and high up on the wall. No exactly easy watching as it was a small TV. The bathroom was small but clean. No where to put your stuff. There is a safe in the room. If you are only staying for a short time and expect to out most of the time then this would be OK. Being on the Central line underground you are able to get anywhere you want. It is only 1 stop away from the start of Oxford Street/Marble Arch. There is a pub next door which does food but seems to shut around 11pm. Breakfast is OK but not special. Free newspapers in the lobby and breakfast room. Seemed to take a few coach parties so breakfast was very busy at times (earlier you go thequitier it was). Has a PC in the lobby for net access but quite dear at 10p per Min. Would I stay again? Not sure. Hotels around Euston are better value and have larger rooms. Ended up here because I had booked late. If you like flash on the outside and small rooms then I suppose it would be OK, but I think that the IBIS in Euston is better VFM.	
May 29 2007 	Great Choice	This is a great option in London. Good location. Can easily walk from here to many central attractions. It is also conveniently located a few minutes away from Lancaster Gate tube station if wanting to go farther afield. Friendly, helpful staff. Good, full english breakfast (included in our room rate, but, not always I don't think). Rooms were small, but, I was expecting this from previous reviews. However, they had everything you needed for a few nights stay. They were nice and clean and I found the bed to be really comfortable. No AC, just a wall mounted fan. Could be a bit uncomfortable if there in the height of summer. If you can get a room for the right price, I think this hotel is a really good option for a London trip. Would definitely stay there again.	
May 27 2007 	Good choice in London	My girlfriend and I stayed there for five nights, it's our seventh stay in London and the best one. We finally found hotel that doesn't have claustrophobic rooms. Location couldn't be better and continental breakfast view is fantastic, you are seating on Bayswater Road and watching Hyde Park across. Rooms are very clean and newly refurbished. Staff at reception is very polite and helpful and price for room is very reasonable.We'll stay there next time definitely when we are in London.	
May 20 2007 	not the best and nicer places to stay.....	first they couldnt find my reservation and there was no trace of me on the computer, in the end i had to show them &quot;THIER&quot; booking confirmation after i had prnted it out from my email ( you have to pay for the internet access) other wise i would have been charged a full rate..... yes the room was small, but i knew this from other reviews, the room smelt musty but was otherwise clean, it had no AC or a fan, even thought there was a fan electrical switch.  i asked for an iron and ironing board as the iron in the room was broken. The thing that arrived was in a disgusting state, fat/grease on the base of the iron and the board cover had so many stains on it it was unbelievable - i would be ashamed of presenting something like that to a hotel guest.the bathroom is small but adequate, not enough light near the mirror though, the drain for the shower was partly blocked so after a few minutes there was about 5 cm of water in the base, the shower head holder kept sliding down the rail and the head would fall out of the holder. also no where to put your shower wash so you have to either hold it or put it in the water by your feet, also no extraction fan in the bathroom.in the morning housekeeping kept knocking on the door despite the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign and also being told that i would leave the room at the check out time.You could also easily hear the lift going up and down, doors closing etc, which isnt too nice if you are trying to sleep!!! in short I wont stay there again or recommend it to anyone when i left I found another hotel just a few yadrs from the hotel called elysee - i had a quick look in one of the rooms and its better and larger than the corus and a lot cheaper! i know which hotel ill be trying next!!!	
May 18 2007 	Great Location!	Great Location, minutes walk from Oxford Street. Clean hotel but really small rooms, hardly enough room to move around. The breakfast menu was very limited but the location made up for everything. Fabulous place to stay and explore the city!	
Apr 22 2007	Simple hotel	Location for this hotel is not too bad, opposite the Hyde Park, about 3mins walk to Lancaster Gate tube station, 15mins walk to Marble arch. Now for the room, this is the first time I visited a European country so I was really taken aback when I saw my room! I've seen the pictures taken by the other reviewers; I would say that my room is much smaller than theirs. I would say it is pathetically small for the price I'm paying for, if I were to book a hotel in Asia for that price! The bathroom is terribly small, come to think about it, it's even smaller than my workstation in my office! However, I know that hotels in European country only provides basic amenities, so I can’t grumble much for a land scarce metropolitan country like London. Overall, London is a really fantastic country to visit but the hotel is really disappointing.	
Apr 22 2007 	OK All in All	Reception staff efficient. Room quite satisfactory. In-hotel breakfasts were excellent. Concierge service top-notch (we used it tobook passage on the chunnel train for the busy Easter period and to get info on bus transport to Westminster Abbey and the Imperial War Museum). Nearest ATM is about two blocks away near the Underground station. Hotel location at the far end of Hyde Park is not within walking distance to the major London tourist attractions.	
Apr 21 2007	Great reception and bar scruffy rooms	I spent one night at the Corus Hotel Hyde Park on a business trip to London. The hotel is in a great location for leisure and business and the reception area, bar and breakfast room are fantastic. However the rooms are a bit disappointing. I was upgraded to a suite as the executive rooms had been double-booked, but it wasn't factastic. The bedroom, sitting area and bathroom were huge but very scruffy and a little dated, with stained sheets and a broken shower curtain. The TV was also tiny - only a minor thing but most 4 star hotels now offer flat screen or larger TVs.	
Apr 17 2007 	Excellent Hotel !!!	I ve stayed at the Corus Hyde park hotel, twice. First time during xmas 2004 and second time during xmas 2006. Both times I was VERY pleased with my stay there. The location is ideal. Right next to Hyde park ( you might even get a room with a view facing the park), a posh residential area withing walkin distance of Oxford st. and Lancaster gate tube station just a 5 min walk away (btw central line is a very convenient line). The two rooms that I ve stayed in were completely different regarding the decoration, but both of them were very nice.Both very modern, clean, and quite spacious.I ve stayed in a couple of other hotels in central London and the Corus is by far the best one. I ll probably stay there at my next trip as well.	
Apr 15 2007 	Great value and comfort for longer stay	Stayed here for two weeks with partner when relocating to London from elsewhere in the UK. Was upgraded to Executive room which was a reasonable size, quiet and very clean. Can't fault this hotel for value (around £80 double b&amp;b) and location. Breakfast is also pretty good.	
Apr 3 2007 	Brill except for...	The hotel itself is really very nice...we got a budget room, which was plenty big enough, clean as a whistle and had everything we needed for a nights stay in London. I mean, the view wasn't great, but seeing as we got a 4* hotel so cheap we weren't complaining! It's close to many restaurants and right next to the tube for easy access to the sights. The staff were friendly, helpful and very efficient when the fire alarm went off just before midnight. This in itself wasn't an issue...at least we knew the fire alarm worked! What really almost ruined our stay was the rude member of staff that knocked on our door, after everyone was allowed back into the hotel, and accused US of setting it off!! He didn't believe that we were asleep when the alarm went off and we received no apology from him when the Firemen even confirmed that it was a fault in the system and not us! I complained the next morning to a very apologetic man on reception. Other than this one individual, I would reccommend the hotel to anyone visiting London for a clean, safe and well located stay.	
Mar 29 2007	Perfect location lovely little hotel	Booked this hotel via a trip deal with British Airways (after checking the TripAdvisor reviews of course!). This place is IDEALLY located. It is within 5 minutes of the Lancaster Gate tube station, which is on the Central Line and connects to the other tube lines easily. It is across the street from gorgeous Hyde Park, which is a must-visit. In Hyde Park you can visit Kensington Palace and have tea at the Orangery (highly recommended!). There are plenty of great restaurants near the Corus hotel as well, all within walking distance.The room was surprisingly large (by European standards of course) and well designed. My mom is an interior designer and she commented that the space planning for the room was excellent. The furnishings looked fairly recent and in good condition. We lucked out with a view of a couryard garden. I will say, though, the walls are thin, so if you are a light sleeper and are situated next to noisy neighbors, you are going to wish you had earplugs.The staff was so helpful and attentive! They even warned us about the very high cost of making outgoing phone calls from the room, and offered to assist us in dialing out from the pay phone on more than one occasion. We also had to ask for an ironing board/iron and it was delivered to the room within 5 minutes!The continental breakfast was okay...croissants, ham, cheese, jam, and juice/coffee/tea. Nothing fancy, but the food tasted good.The only complaint I had was that one set of bathtowels looked &quot;past its prime&quot;--the edges were fraying and it was not very absorbant. The other set of towels was fine.Bring an electrical adapter as you will need one for a curling iron or iPod charger, etc.I have photos of the room, too...will attempt to upload them later.	
Mar 26 2007 	Small but ideal!!!	I visited the Corus Hyde Park from the 15th to the 17th of febuary with my boyfriend.I had booked it online mainly because of the low price and the decent reviews i had read.We flew to stansted,got the stansted xpress to liverpool st and then the tube to Lancaster gate.The hotel was a 2minute walk from the tube and looked over the park.The staff were very friendly and although we had checked in early took care of our luggage so we didnt have to wait around.When we checked into our room we got a bit of a shock at the size but to be fair the room was obviously recently and modernly decorated and was spotlessly clean.Although our room was only a double it literally couldnt of fit more than the two of us!But the linen was spotless,there were tea making facilities and a tv and desk.The bathroom was tiny but we were ot in london to stay in the hotel.The breakfast was perfect really good choice and replenished often.Although id recommend heading down early so as not to waste time waiting.All in all the Corus Hyde Park was a perfect tourist hotel. Right beside a tube station and tourist spot and clean wth friendly staff!Id definately recommend although perhaps not to those who prefer lots of space!!	
Mar 24 2007 	Good deal	Stayed here for 4 nights, 2 of which were free from a British Airways promotion (the other 2 nights we booked through Octopus travel for 172/night). Given the price and location we were very pleased. Staff was very helpful, room was clean and modern, housekeeping respected the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door, and location was great. Yes, room is small, but not much smaller than the room we stayed at last year at the Nikko hotel. Hotel rooms in London are notoriously small. We arrived around 10am after an international flight and were given an early check in, for which we were extremely grateful. Over the weekend the breakfast room was a bit chaotic, but things were kept stocked, and during the week it was much less crowded. Breakfast was acceptable, but not great - we just had the continental breakfast that was included, and did not upgrade to the English breakfast. Really nice views of the park from the breakfast room. Just a block from the Lancaster Gate tube station, directly across from Hyde Park, and an easy walk to Paddington station. Easy to get around town via the tube or bus, but we were able to walk to a lot of places. Given the cost and location this was a great deal for us, and we would stay there again.	
Mar 1 2007 	Good Hotel Good Price	Booked this hotel for £95 via BMI website for myself and 3 work colleagues. Stayed in small single rooms 9th floor for 3 nights. Rooms were very clean and modern with all that you need for a work trip. Breakfast was more than good. I did not spend a lot of time in the hotel but the reception area is very pleasant and no complaints about staff. Would recommend to friends.	
Feb 25 2007 	Perfect location for the price	While the room was incredibly small, the location was perfect. The bus stop was a minute away, and 2 minutes by bus to Marble Arch. Lancaster Gate station was close but was closed during our trip. The amenities were decent, relatively new. There were a few hardware problems with the door and switches, but they were soon fixed. The hotel was clean, the reception was nice. Again, best part was the location at the price. There was a good general store (where you could get everything) and a pub right next to the hotel. Would stay there again.	
Feb 20 2007 	Overpriced and Pants!	Arrived at the hotel on Friday, and to be honest it looks very impressive from the exterior, and the location is also good.Unfortunately, these positive points were soon to be outweighed by negatives...We had booked two 'executive' rooms, which to our dismay didn't fit that description. They were small and pokey, with grubby carpets, grubby 'pilled' blankets on the bed (no quilt) and cheap plastic teamaking facilities you'd expect at a B&amp;B in Blackpool.The bathroom was basic, though clean, dating back to probably the 1970's...complete with 'yellowed' shower mat..available at any Argos for £9.99. Liked the 1980's 12'' black portable television though..blended in well with the decor.Overall, the room resembled a tired, worn B&amp;B rather than a FOUR STAR!! London Hotel. Really...How the hell did they achieve this rating.??.was the assesor a) On the payrollb) Ray Charlesc) On crackThe rooms are advertised as 'Laura Ashley Inspired'...this is confined to the grubby bed throw, and a more apt description would be 'Big Issue inspired'.You can probaly tell by now, we were less than impressed.and don't think we're hard to please..far from it (we're from Birmingham for God's sake!), but we have stopped in a few 4-5 star hotels in the likes of Cologne Barcelona, Pague etc..Corus Hyde Park does not even come close to the standards offered by these cities...imagine what foreign visitors may think? Embarrasing.After stark realisation that things were not as they should have been, we went to the front desk, and pointed out that our rooms were less than satisfactory. I also gestured to a large plasma screen in the lobby, which advertised the standard 'Laura Ashley' rooms, which looked quite modern and appealing. I thought that these may be located in another part of the hotel, and may be better than our 'executive' rooms.The guy at the front desk nodded sympathetically and explained that all central London hotels are like this (what..crap?), and the rooms advertised on the plasma were subject to 'confusing camera angles'.in other words..just as bad. No offer was made for alternative accomodation elsewhere, in fact nothing was offered...we were really being told to 'put up, or shut up'.We personally paid £109.00 per room, per night, EX. breakfast...my advice....find a travel lodge, which you will find much better value and service.	
Feb 20 2007	Great Hotel Fantsatic Location!!	I stayed here with my husband on the 27th and 28th of February, and we were extremely happy :)) This was my second time staying here. The Hotel, is finished to a high standard, with very friendly, helpful staff. Our bedroom, although maybe a little smaller than some of the others, was modern, clean, warm, and comfortable. We had a choice of Cooked or continental breakfast, and although it was quite busy on the Sunday morning, we were seated fairly quickly. The location of the hotel is fantastic, just across the road from Hyde Park, a beautiful sapace in such a busy city. On Sunday mornings the Bayswater Road Market takes place on the other side of the road, with art and sculpture on the park railings, lovely to walk along and look at. The area that the hotel is in is full of lovely old houses, a very pretty location. The Hotel is only 5 minutes walk from Lancaster Gate Tube Station.  I would definately recomend this hotel to anyone, be it for a family holiday, a romantic weekend, business, this is a great hotel to stay in with a great location. I booked with hotel direct website and got great discount on room rates.	
Feb 12 2007	a nice place	I stayed here last year, and am staying again here on feb 14/07it came with my flight booking.i chose it from amongst several othersIt is clean, basic, was remodeled like a year or so ago.what more do you need it has a a little coffee maker, and a hairdryer IT is a small room compared with American hotels its in a good part of Londonyou are in London to have fun not spend a lot of time in the hotel right!just for showering and sleeping i have never had a problemthe people who work there are very nice	
Feb 8 2007	Simple clean cheap and convenient	I read the reviews for this hotel before booking and they seemed like a mixed bag. I can only say that my experience has been very good for this hotel. Booking in was easy, with polite staff. The hotel looks as though it has had a recent makeover - its very clean, fresh and open in the entrance way. The room was also very good. I was in 734 overlooking Craven Road. Although outside was a bit noisy (not really the hotels fault), a pair of ear plugs solved that little problem. It may be a tad small, but for one night, it suited me fine. The bed was comfortable, tea/coffee facilities were available, the bathroom was clean with complimentary toiletries and the TV managed to get the main UK channels. I had the continental breakfast in the morning. The basics are covered, cereal, croissants, tea/coffee or juice. Not inspiring but did me OK for breakfast. I have looked for a good / cheap hotel in a central and convenient location in London for ages and it looks like I have found it. I would definately use this hotel again and would have no problem recommending it to anyone who wasnt staying for very long.	
Jan 30 2007	Excellent value clean perfect location	My partner and I have just returned from a one night stay in the Corus Hyde Park Hotel, after some of the reviews I had read I was getting a little nervous as to what to expect - which proved unfounded. The hotel has just gone through a £12.5m refurbishment and it is obvious the moment you walk in the door, it is clean and bright and very well appointed, the reception staff greeted with a warm smile and were very efficient and friendly, and the staff on the Concierge desk could not have been better at helping with any queries you may have - even giving us a large map of London with a discount of 20% for up to six people at many attractions and restaurants - this had a price of £2.95 on the cover but no charge was made.The room we were allocated was on the side of the building, immaculate and obviously refurbished, the bed was comfortable and as has been said before - ironing board and trouser press, there is also a room safe which unusually was free to use, the room was not massive but perfect for our visit, the hand basin in the bathroom was very small but big enough for its intended use, you do not go to London to sit in the bedroom! If I were to stay in the summer months I would go for the upgrade with the AC as I am sure it will get very warm in the room. Breakfast was of the Continental type which was adequate for our needs but you are able to upgrade to cooked breakfast if you wish.The hotel is in a superb location - immediately opposite Hyde Park - which is a beautiful place to go for a walk and see the lake, Italian Fountains and the Princess Diana Memorial Fountain, at the far end of the park is the Royal Albert Hall - which is where we were headed in the evening to see the wonderful Cirque du Soliel production of Alegria - and the truly magnificent Albert Memorial opposite.Lancaster Gate tube station is 250 yards away from the hotel and we got £5.10 tickets on arrival in London which permits unlimited use of zones 1 &amp; 2 between the hours of 0930 and 0430, single trip tickets are £4 each. we had a really good two days in London - taking the trip on the Thames City Cruises boats on the second day down to Greenwich and return - a trip which I can thoroughly recommend.When we go down to London again we will definitely stay at the Corus Hyde Park for the reasons outlined above	
Jan 27 2007 	Small rooms but they have what you need.	Not bad. It was clean and there was what you needed in the room. Strange arrangement though - I was on the 7th floor but the window was on the fourth floor from the outside - wierd!! The rooms were small and claustrophopic. Small window high up. I changed from a room overlooking the inside to on on the external elevation which was slightly better inside but a bit noisy.The service was friendly and helpful. Breakfast was fine. For £99 incl of english breakfast in Central London I would say not bad value.	
Jan 19 2007	Never again!	6' by 10’ Yes that is correct a closet for a single room and no air conditioning. Although the 12&quot; television was nice.... Furious I was moved to an &quot;Executive&quot; room for about 60.00 usd more. The front desk staff was typically dis-interested; I did find the concierge and the bar-maids in the lobby very helpful and fun. I will post pictures soon. Frankly I found the smaller Inn style lodging in London much more desirable.	
Jan 19 2007	Clean Modern Great value for money!	I have stayed at this hotel twice and would thoroughly recommend it to tourists visiting London for the first time through to locals who are just having a weekend in the city.The Corus represents excellent value for money and although the rooms are a little on the small side, everything you need is here. The rooms are clean, comfortable and have a modern look. When in London, you will spend so much of your time out of your room, this just makes a great place to rest your head.If you can go for the cooked breakfast, please do, the choice is excellent and the mushrooms are delicious - you will also find a continental selection here included in the price.They also have a good restaurant and bar in the hotel, ideal for a spot of pre theatre dinner. A stone's throw from all the major attractions and just opposite Hyde Park, I would happily recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jan 6 2007 	Super hotel	The rooms are relatively small but there is everything you needed and more (ironing board, PlayStation). Despite the small size of the room, everything has been well thought out and organized. I stayed at the Corus twice. It is conveniently located near Lancaster Gate tube station and Hyde Park.	
Dec 31 2006 	Not a four star!	It was not a four star hotel! Maybe a three star, but I will discuss that with the travel agent. I thought the staff was particularly nice. we we there for the week before Christmas and so it was cold, at least for us Alabamians. My room was particularly cold and they immediately brought us another heater, inaddition to the wall heater. The East European man, that was just learning the English language, helped alot. He was very polite. Our continental breakfast was good...the rolls would have been nice warmed but we adjusted to this style of breakfast. I was glad that they could exchange currenct. Because we left on Christmas morning, and the taxi cast &quot;double&quot; so we had to get more pounds! Being close to the Lancaster Station was nice but using the Tube is Okay but I was suggest using the double decker, too, you get a better feel for the city and its layout. Taxis are elegant--at least to us from the United States. The hotel i s located in a very good area. Little restaurants are all around...no one seemed to eat at the Hotel restuarant. The bar was good....the lobby was cold and unfriendly. The computer was very slow but the hotel helped me use the telephone--gave good directions. All in all, we didn't spend much time in the hotel and our room was always clean. I can't complain, too much.	
Dec 20 2006 	Great Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for three nights Fri, Sat and Sun nights. The hotel is a stone's throw from the Lancaster Gate Tude station so very easily accessible.The hotel lobby is a nice area with bar and restaurant and seemed very clean and tidy at all times.After reading some of the write ups (after we had booked and paid) we were a little concerned but I have to say the hotel was fine. The only downside to the stay was that the rooms are admittedly quite small - but saying that, they are well furnished and unless you were going to London to sit in the room, why would you need anything larger!?Overall I would give it a 7 or 8 out of 10.	
Dec 10 2006 	No elevator to access the room at the botton of the hotel with an ugly view	To get to the room, that it was at the botton of the hotel and with an ugly view to a dirty courtyard , we had to carry our baggage through a very narrow stairs because there was no elevator (I have post photos of the stairs) more appropiate of a one star hotel. This was not the kind of service that we expected in this hotel.	
Dec 6 2006 	Great LONDON Hotel	After reading the previous reviews, and having stayed in the hotel, it seems many do not understand that this is a 3-star LONDON hotel. Yes, the rooms are small, but the prices are low. I found the hotel to be around average in decor and the staff was very friendly. The &quot;cozy&quot; rooms were really what I expected out of a London hotel. In another city, the size would have been unacceptable. However, the room was tidy and well kept-up. The location is fantastic and I would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 1 2006 	Great location	The hotel was in a fab location, very very very close to lancaster gate underground, opposite the magnificant Hyde Park. I was travelling with a friend from work, we had booked to see WICKED the musical (AWESOME). We arrived at the hotel at approx 12.20 afternoon, we had been told we wouldn't be able to check in till 2.30, however, we upgraded our twin room to an executive room, this was ready on arrival, GREAT!!!!!! The room was very small but clean all the same, one problem though, it was really boiling. Air con didn't really work, opened the window and hoped for the best, had no time to start complaining. When we got back it had cooled down, breakfast was very good and in a light airy room.Would I stay there again???? Most definatly xx	
Nov 21 2006 	good location	But for the Lancaster Gate Station being closed for repairs, the hotel had an ideal location. A few minutes by taxi/Bus and you are in Oxford Street. On the opposite side, near the Queensway subway are a choice of Chinese restaurants that are very popular. Good food!The rooms were narrow with modern furnishings. it was quite small and had no closets. Just a few hangers outside. So families will have a tough time but conveninent for business travelers. Bathroom was neat with a small wash area. The room did not have a mini bar. The coffee machine was appreciated. A little small if couples go on a holiday!Would i stay there again? maybe.... but then again, i like to stay in different hotels each time to get an idea of the locality, its surroundings etc. The best thing about the Corus- bang opposite Hyde Park and its serene surroundings!	
Nov 13 2006	naughty weekend	I was met by a cheery guy at the desk who was friendly enough. Got to my room which was pretty small. The bathroom had damp patches on the celling and the double bed had stains on the actual bed. The hair dryer in the bathroom was also hanging off the wall.Thankfully we had put the sleep sign on the door as the room service women came round to the other rooms at 0830 to clean them. So if you do visit this hotel and want a lay in i recommend doing the same!!! When we returned back at 4pm the room still had not been cleaned from when we had left at 11am. No clean towels and the breakfast dishes and other room service plates were also still in the room.In the room there was nothing about the facilities the hotel had or what drinks you could order. There was no leaflets or booklets on what to do in London. One good thing about the hotel was that the consierge gave us the telephone number for Dominos pizza!!	
Nov 13 2006 	Noisy small rooms and poor service	My girlfiend and I decide to stay at the Corus Hyde Park due to the location and what were thought to be a reasonable price. Although the room was only a place to stay the night whislt we did the sightseeing thing in London, it was not even suitable to get a decent sleep due to the noise from the road. Even the windows coudn't be shut properly to try and reduce the sound of cars all night. To top it all off the management accused us of ordring a round of drinks when we weren't even in the hotel when the drinks were ordered. The people who ordered the drinks also managed to obtain my surnmane to sign for the drinks so how they got this is very strange. It makes you wonder what sort of security measures are in place for someone to obtain these details.	
Nov 2 2006 	love this hotel	my wife and me stayed at this hotel for 10 days , i was concernabout this hotel after reading some reviews ,but i found it great place .rooms are small, but no big deal it was clean ,modern and very good location over view hydepark.inroom safe box.we could also walke to oxford street 15mins.onlyqweenway road also within walking distance .where you can find restrant , (MnS)shops,cafeslancster gate station was closed but paddington station was5 mins walke. also staff of this hotel are very friendly, especialy room service staffi would go back to this hotel	
Oct 31 2006 	Just Okay (Pros and Cons)	My boyfriend and I stayed at Corus and here are our comments:Pros:- good location (if they would open the lancaster tube spot). It was closed when we went in Aug 2006- clean, no bugs- nice view of the park- good value for money (considering you're in London)Cons:- too noisy to sleep if you are facing the street. Try to get other side that doesn't face the street- small rooms, but it was not a problem- no towels...they had a problem with laundry when we stayed.- staff told us our room wasn't ready-had to speak with manager to get it sorted (they gave us an upgrade)- standard accomodations and nothing more- some staff members seemed uninterested in our concernsOverall:I would stay at Corus again if they opened the nearby tube station. It was safe, clean, and it had a nice location. I would ask for another room next time so I can avoid the noise from the street. * Try Corus if you're not too picky* Don't expect luxury* Very basic, the room serves its purpose (a place to sleep)	
Oct 4 2006 	Small and Stuffy but served the purpose!	Our room was courtesy of British Airways so can't complain too very much. After a 9 hour flight with no sleep on the flight - a cot would have served our purpose. However, I would not purposely book this hotel having been there. The room was small and stuff-with no AC or breeze in the windows. However, it is conveniently located across the street from Hyde Park which provided us with a lovely walk and tour of Kensington Palace. Reception was a bit cool and check in staff was confused about our arrangement with BA - but they finally figured it out and checked us into our room. The continental breakfast brought to our door the next morning was just what we needed to start off our day-included in tariff. Olio-the restaurant on premises - was tasty but overpriced in my opinion. The closest tube station was under construction so we used Paddington Sta. which was a longer walk that we would have liked. Again - long flight and no sleep. I must say that Kensington Park was our saving grace as it is quite lovely and we did enjoy our stroll through the park.	
Oct 3 2006 	Great location great staff decent room	As a lone, female traveler, my week long stay at Corus Hotel Hyde Park was pleasant.Since I arrived in the summer, I ended up upgrading my room just so I could have AC (much needed). The hallways are hot and muggy. Besides that, the room was neat, the bathrooms clean and the continental breakfast decent. If you need to eat your meat in the mornings (sausages, bacon, etc.), then upgrade to the full english breakfast.The location of the hotel is wonderful. It's within minutes, walking distance to the Lancaster Gate tube, a 5-10 minute stroll to the Paddington tube and train station, it's across the street from the center of Hyde Park. If you've the time, forego the dirty air and crowds of the tube and take in the fresh air and beautiful scenery of the park and nearby neighborhoods.If I've the chance to go back, I wouldn't mind revisiting this hotel.	
Aug 30 2006 	Not as bad as the usual London hotel	My wife and I stayed in London for a few days in July and chose this hotel based on the Tripadvisor ratings, as we have had bad experiences in the past... Overall, it was a mixed experience, but clean and well located. It would have been even better if the underground station nearby hadn't been closed for renovation (it will be for a while!). Despite an outside temperature in the mid 20's C, the temperature of the stale air in the hallway was around 35°C and in the tiny room not much less - while the window would open a whopping 10 cm. Air conditioned rooms were also available at a 30% premium for those who want to be able to sleep in the room. There was a fan installed that allows to drown out any possible traffic noise with its sleeve bearing turbine sound while reshuffling the heat inside the room.The breakfast buffet makes up in price what it misses in choice, so don't bother. There are a lot of cheap little places around in the neighbourhood that offer more choices and have character.On the upside, the area is really nice with Kensington Gardens across the street and pubs and restaurants abound. It is very easy to reach due to the proximity to Paddington Station (and thus Heathrow), walking distance with a trolley suitcase or a 5 GBP cab ride. At milder temperatures this would be a good value overall and we would perhaps even go back, but not to the entry level room.	
Aug 10 2006 	Compact room is an understatement	As mentioned previously the hotel is a very welcoming one, and the location is great. However the rooms are the really small to the point we could'nt open one of our suitcases. There is no air con and a fan that blows warm air around the room.. Shop around you could get a more spacious room for less money.. Please be aware you can get upgraded to a bigger room, but its not cheap!	
Aug 6 2006	Great location shame about the Room	I booked the London Corus Hyde Park hotel as a suprise for my wife for our first wedding anniversary. The hotel is in a really good location about 10 min walk from the tube right by Hyde Park. We walked into the hotel and found the staff very helpful and the reception was well decorated and bright and airy.We got to our room and this was when the hotel lost its charm. The Room was so small, it had a double bed where you could only walk down one side, a small table and a very small bathroom. It was also very hot. It had a fan on the ceiling which when you turned it on made such a loud noise that we thought it was going to fall off the ceiling. When we opened the window the noise from the road outside was loud so we had to keep the window closed. The hotel did give us a replacement fan for the noisy one but it was so stuffy it made sleeping really difficult.The breaksfast was good and the staff were all very nice. The room although very small was clean and the bed was comfortable. The hotel is a good location but if you are looking for a nice space to relax in, then you can find much better hotels for the same money.	
Aug 3 2006	Not beautiful not big but absolutely fine. Book it!	Quick, first, the negatives: our room was quite small, though I wasn't bothered (I've happily stayed in smaller, in London and other European capitals), the decor is bizarre and although fascinating (Who decided to make a feature of the trouser press? Why is the bathroom light switch an elevator call button?), not especially attractive, and there is no mini-bar. The standard rooms are not air-conditioned, although there is a fan. The tv is small and distant from the bed. That said, I had a very comfortable stay in what I would call a 'three and a half star' business hotel. The location is great, close to the centre but in a nice area. Even with the nearest tube station, Lancaster Gate, closed for refurbishment, it's only 5 minutes walk to Queensway, or 10 min to Paddington. If you don't fancy the tube, the Oxford st shops are about a half hour walk (through posh residential streets) and a cab home after an evening in Soho is 10 pounds. Hyde Park is just across the road. The bathroom was small but spotless and shiny and had a fine shower (and, under certain configurations of switches, a perplexing green light). The hair dryer was powerful and had many settings. There were many pillows, the bed was excellent (but not broad) and for those who need to work, there was a decent-sized desk. The hotel bar was open late (at least until 1:30am, in a town where many pubs still shut at 11pm) and reasonably priced. We didn't try the breakfast but instead walked around the corner to a cafe that did nice cooked breakfasts for 4 or 5 pounds. Booking at the last minute we got a double room for 80 GBP a night (without breakfast) which was outstanding value for London. The alleged full rate is nearly twice that; I don't think that would be outstanding value but I doubt anyone actually pays that.	
Jul 31 2006 	Lovely	Woking, SurreyWe booked this hotel because of its triple room facility, location, price and availability. On arrival it was visually lovely too. Lovely Edwardian white building with masses of flowers on each windowsill and around the entrance. Its location is super, just across the road from Hyde Park by the Italian Fountains, more or less next door to the Hyde Park Superstore (a very small extremelly convenient little shop which sells everything) and very close to the underground station. We were only staying for one night, we had a room at the back which was very quiet and was totally acceptable for our short stay and we fully appreciated the air-conditioning which was lovely during the very hot weather. The size of the room was fine, no problem but the little things that usually count were lacking, such as the bathrom bits and pieces, all of which didn't really matter, but I do like and need a shower cap. The reception staff were very friendly and I await the arrival of a little jacket that I unfortunaely left in the room. They acknowledge they had it and said they would post it to me today. How kind. I must admit we found the cafe area and the breakfast area a little too cafeteria like, but the full english breakfast was fine.	
Jul 27 2006 	Clean lovely wonderful location and inexpensive.	I stayed two nights here on a stopover through London and was very impressed. I had a single, and though the room was small it was IMMACULATE and very nicely fitted out with surprisingly stylish design. For this price, you would expect to get a grotty B&amp;B or be much further out of Central London, and yet this hotel was central, clean, and stylish. The breakfast was fine, and following it up with a walk in Hyde Park across the road each morning was a rare delight. All of the staff was helpful and pleasant, and the transport links are good for tube, rail, and bus. I will most definitely stay here again and would encourage anyone else to as well.	
Jul 8 2006	Great location	We stayed at the Corus Hyde Park from June 24-July 1, 2006. I can't think of a better location, it is on the north side of Hyde Park and about 1/2 way between Marble Arch and Kensington Palace.Our room was extremely clean, tastefully decorated though small. Air conditioning is not in most rooms which was disappointing as we were under the understanding that the hotel was airconditioned. The lobby is air conditioned as are Executive Rooms. There is no storage in the room for clothes so clothing stayed in the suitcase. You may want to ask for a room away from Bayswater Street as the traffic is loud throughout the day and night.The lobby/reception seem to have been redone and are quite nice.Continental breakfast was ok.Close to restaurants just down the side street.I'd stay again but I'd ensure that I request an air conditioned room and away from the street.	
Jul 7 2006	Don't waste your pennies! Very dissappointing	My husband and I booked in for three nights at the beginning of July, during a very hot period in London. The hotel claims to be a four star and is no more than a very shabby three star tourist hotel. Who refurbished this hotel? Clearly someone with a fascination for the early eighties and for man made fibres and blue gingham.The Executive Double room, whilst a decent large size, has no more than a small double bed (nothing like the normal Kingsize you would expect in other hotels), the sheets are cheap and rough and have seen better days. The television is a tiny old box at the top of a shelf in the corner of the room. We were told that as we were in an Executive room, we were fortunate to have air-conditioning. What a laugh! It didn't work and faintly generated a tiny breeze of tepid air so the room was unbearably hot. The paltry toiletries in the bathroom consisted of squeezable bottle of detergent style handsoap and liquid soap in the shower (no shampoo, no soap bar, no shower cap, no moisturiser, no face washers, and definitely nothing like a sewing or vanity kit etc).The refurbishment consisted of very cheap office style furniture (alright if you have an itchy back, but otherwise very uncomfortable). There is no minibar in the room (a four star hotel with no mini bar? even many three star hotels have them!) There are no glasses if you bring your own drinks - just a couple of plastic cups in the bathroom.The room service breakfast is a 'take it or leave it' approach. You can choose between watery tea or coffee and it comes with small boxes of cornflakes and stale bread rolls/croissant. If you want sugar with your tea or coffee at breakfast, make sure you ask for it as it doesn't come automatically!! On the second day, the breakfast was delivered at 6.35am instead of at the ordered time of 7.15-7.30. On redelivery, it was late - more like 7.45.Clearly, there is also a problem with the level of English comprehension with the staff and an appaling lack of service attitude. Beware - Lancaster Gate tube station is closed for refurbishment, so the closest operating tube station is Paddington station, which is not on the Central Line, so if you stay here purely for location, check beforehand.What a dire hotel - I really feel that there is a bit of false advertising. For goodness sake - stay at the Royal Park, it's not that much more expensive and at least they make an effort! There is no minibar there either, but you get free drinks and the rooms are quality!	
Jun 22 2006	great stay	once i had booked this hotel i stumbled upon some rather negative comments about the rooms and the staff at the corus, and needless to say i was a little apprehensive.  I shouldn't have worried!! The staff were excellent, very polite and helpful, the concierge, Benno, was a great guy who just loved to help. The rooms, yes, a little on the small side, but it was clean, and quiet. And come on, you're in London for gods sake, why would you bee overly concerned with how big your room was, its a place to lay your head before another busy day shopping, sightseeing or drinking!! All in all i loved this hotel and will definitely be staying there again!!! Beware though, in july Lancaster gate is shutting, temporarily, best to check where nearest tube station is, other than this one for that time, might not be too far, just a point to note.	
Jun 15 2006 	Ok for the price	I stayed here for one night on business and whilst I was hardly bowled over by this hotel it was better than some I have recently stayed in. The rooms were VERY VERY small and unbearably hot (there was no air conditioning available) but clean and well looked after. Unfortunately as it was so hot in the room I had to sleep with the window open which meant that I was awaken very early in the morning by the sound of traffic rushing past the window (the hotel is located on a busy road opposite Hyde Park and having the window open was unavoidable) I shouldnt imagine this is a problem in the winter but I will certainly be avoiding this hotel again in the summer!!!The bathroom was small but modern (even more so than in the bedrooms) and would have been too small for two people sharing a room.Service at check-in and during breakfast was friendly and the staff in the breakfast room were very attentive and friendly. Breakfast also seemed very fresh and plentiful.Lancaster Gate tube station is a stones throw from the hotel and is located on the Central line so its very easy to get almost anywhere within a short space of time.I would only stay at this hotel again if I had a limited budget but it will not be my first choice.	
Jun 13 2006	Beautiful	We stayed here for 3 nights and enjoyed our stay very much. The hotel is located across from Hyde Park, a few blocks from the Underground Lancaster Gate Terminal. Our room was very tiny, and had a comfortable queen bed, in-room safe, and a very nice bathroom. The decor was modern, and appealing. Cleaning staff was very friendly and efficient. Our towels and complimentary soaps were stocked daily.The continental breakfast consisted of cereals, croissants, fresh fruit, tea, coffee, milk and juice. The staff were very attentive and courteous.We would definately stay here again! We loved the cleanliness and the upgraded amenities in the rooms, as well as the friendliness of the staff.	
Jun 10 2006	A great stay	We only had 1 night at Corus hotel on a 2 day stopover in London. We found the location great, close to Lancaster Gate station and bus stops. One of the tourist busses stops just around the corner too so this was perfect for us sight seeing. From the minute we walked in the door we felt welcome and the friendly staff couldn't have been more helpful. The staff told us where to get the tourist bus, where to catch the bus to Notting Hill(and how much to expect to pay), Sightseeing things not to miss out on. We arived early (9am) so our room wasn't ready so we were happy to leave our bags and go sight seeing. We were upgraded for our troubles and the room was lovely. Modern, clean and a good size. We did find the breakfast the next morning a little dissapointing, I had a killer hang over and needed a coffee but there were no clean cups available, so I asked and was told they wouldn't be long but they only brought out a few at a time so everyone rushed in and I missed out the first 3 lots. They didn't seem to have much of anything and there was still guests arriving for their breakfast.The hotel was happy to hold our bags till 7pm so we could make the most off our time in London.We would definately stay here if we were to visit London again.	
May 16 2006	Great Location	We arrived well before check in time, but were pleased to hear that our room was ready. The weather was brilliant, but due to the lack of air conditioning in standard rooms, meant that the room was very stuffy. There was a fan and we did open the window, which helped, but I'm sure the heat would have been too much for some, I did see notices in reception welcoming you to upgrade your room to superior with air conditioning for an extra £30 a night, I think if we'd been staying any longer than two nights we might have had to.The room was clean, bathroom was on the small size but more than made up for with the brilliant shower. The room was a decent size but the bed was pushed into the corner, maybe not so good if you don't like (like me!) being up against the wall to sleep.The reception and bar area are lovelly, and the staff friendly and helpful.The location in brilliant, 2 minutes from Lancaster Gate tube station, and right across the road from Hyde Park, well worth a wander round, especially in the brilliant weather we had.In all, a great little hotel, especially when you can get a good deal on Lastminute.com like we did. But if I was to stay for longer than a couple of nights I would definetely have to upgrade rooms.	
May 15 2006	Very Nice! I would stay at this hotel again without hesitation.	May, 2006Four of us have just returned from a 6 night stay at the Corus Hotel on Hyde Park, London. We were all very pleased with the staff, the rooms, and the breakfast (which was included in the price for the room). The rooms were clean, more spacious then what we expected, and the service was very good. The staff was accomodating and pleasant at all times. During our stay we had many questions for the Concierge staff, all of whom were very helpful and patient. We reserved two rooms, each for 99 British Pounds per night, including a full English breakfast. Breakfast was served on the bottom floor, in a sunny and very clean room, and breakfast was buffet style. We had cold cereals, a few juices, fruit, sausages, bacon, eggs (both scrambled and fried), fried tomatoes, and sliced fried potatoes from which to choose. Once we were seated, the wait staff was immediately at our side to question our preference for coffee or tea and toast. Prior to our visit, I contacted the hotel about my concern for the size of the rooms, due to the height of the men in our party. The person who spoke to me was pleasant, understanding and typed a note into the computer while we were speaking; the rooms we were given accomodated the height of the men. The window opened part way - enough to receive the cool breeze of May and the air conditioning, although not powerful, did help on a couple of nights. There is a small restaurant in the hotel, as well as a bar area where we could order food late in the evening. We have no complaints about this hotel, and if ever in London again, we would certainly go back.	
May 15 2006	Fabulous!!!	We stayed in this hotel for our wedding anniversary. The location was wonderful. we enjoyed having our coffees by just looking at the Excellent Hyde Park.The room service was very good and the hotel staff was very helpful.Room was very clean and big enough for a short stay.We really enjoyed the next door pub! Swan.The Lancaster Gate tube is only two minutes walking distance from the hotel.The area was very secure and very close to the heart of London.We enjoyed every bit of our stay in Corus Hotel!:)	
May 1 2006	Can't beat the location	Stayed at the Corus for 5 nights and had a wonderful experience. It was the perfect place to stay. Arrived a little early and while a room was available, we chose to wait for a non-smoking room. Checked our bags and went out to explore for an hour. The hotel is a block away from the Lancaster Gate station on the Central Line and is directly across from the beautiful Hyde Park/Kensington Gardens. Paddington Station is also a short distance away. The room we got was great. I'd read about the tiny rooms, but that was not our experience. It was good size room, the beds were comfortable and the bathroom was much larger than most Manhattan apartments! Overall it was inviting enough to relax after a long day of sightseeing. Service was great. While there was a pant press in the room I requested an iron and board and received it five minutes later. Used room service a couple of times and each time satisfied with my selection. The concierge was helpful with getting stamps for postcards and advice on where to eat around the area. The hustle and bustle of paddington is not really in plain sight so what looks like a predominantly residential areas really isn't. I thought that was a plus, because the room was quiet, no real traffic or people noise.	
Apr 20 2006	Great Base for exploring London	The hotel room was smaller than we had anticipated. We were only staying for a weekend, but if we had been there for longer I think we would have had trouble storing our luggage. There was a wardrobe in the room with about 6 coat hangers and also a trouser press. The room had a modern design and the bed although quite small, was really comfortable. The bathroom was also quite small and the towels were very thin.The room was cleaned every day, and the bed was changed and also we recieved clean towels. Location wise, this hotel is brilliant, it is right near Lancaster Tube Station, it has Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens across the road, and if you feel like a walk you can take a stroll through the park to Knightsbridge. We paid £69 for the night and if we were to get this sort of rate again we would definitely visit again.The reception staff and concierge were also helpful and allowed us to leave our bags with them once we had checked out so we had some more time during the day to do some exploring!!	
Apr 11 2006	Would recommend!	Nice hotel. Stayed there for a couple of nights. The reception and concierge were very helpful. They allowed us to check in hours early. The room was indeed small but very manageable, comfortable and very clean. The room was hot and dry but you can crack open the window for air. It also had a safe box which is nice. Lobby is clean and nice place to hang out. We didn't have their breakfast so I can't comment on that.Great location. Across the street is Hyde Park. I went jogging every morning I was there. The Lancaster Gate station is about a minute walk and the bus stops the same.I would definitely come back again given the amenities, location and price.	
Apr 2 2006	Liked the green light in the bathroom!	Had a great stay in the Corus. Weren't able to check in early but we were able to leave our bags at the concierge, which was helpful.The room was small but it wasn't a problem. Room was modern and very clean and the shower was nice. Loved the the green spotlight in the bathroom!The lobby area/bar was nice too - very relaxed.Would certainly stay here again.	
Apr 1 2006 	Decent hotel	I stayed for two nights at the end of March whilst on a business trip. The hotel is well located within 2 minutres walk of Lancaster Gate Tube (Central Line) and only 600yds from Paddington. Some rooms overlook Hyde Park which is a perfect place for an afternoon stroll or early morning jog.My room wasn't massive but then how much time do you spend in a hotel room? The bathroom was small but it had a decent shower in it. Check in was smooth, the staff polite and the concierge service was very helpful. The breakfast was very good with an excellent selection of full cooked English, cereals, fruits, yoghurts etc.All in all it was a pleasant stay and I would consider staying there again.	
Mar 31 2006 	Small but value for money	Stayed here after business function to avoid late train travel to Hertfordshire.As mentioned frequently before rooms are small (and very hot) but clean and functional for short stay. For 2 people I recommend booking Twin room as you will have 2 beds which makes more sense in small room like this.Staff were friendly and location convenient for Oxford Street. Would use it again because of value for money in London.	
Mar 27 2006	short break	Stayed with my husband for 2 nights (23-25 march). Yes the rooms are small but adequate for a short stay. Problem with the safe in the room but this was rectified as soon as possible and an alternate safe was provided with the conseiage at reception. Tea and coffee (excellent selection) was supplied in the room, and replenished daily. Our booking included Full English Breakfast, excellent choice of both cooked and continental. A note had been left in our room on the Friday to warn us that breakfast on Saturday was expected to be busy. We had to wait for about 10 minutes for a table. The Location is good 2 minutes from Tube station giving you instant access to LOndon all its attractions and across the road is hyde park. We would use this hotel again.	
Mar 24 2006	Sure it's small but...	...but it's nice, it's clean, and the staff is very friendly. The concierge was very helpful and gave us some great recommendations. It's a bit out of the way, but the Lancaster Gate tube stop is less than a block away, so you can easily get most anywhere. My recommendation is to worry less about the size of the room and get out and see the city!	
Mar 22 2006 	disinterested staff uninspired digs	this hotel has a lot of problems. it's not dirty but it has the smallest of rooms and worst of all, staff who are clueless lack any sort of interest in their guests...i was seated at a table for one in the restaurant and waited for fifteen minutes for my order to be taken. after i ordered, another fifteen minutes before a young waitress told me they couldnt serve me as there was a large backup in the kitchen. i could come back in two hours (it was 8:30 PM) or go somewhere else.book here before you sleep under the bridge but don't expect anything.the overall ambiance is of that of a cheapo airline lounge...	
Mar 20 2006	One room per half person	I cannot emphasize how small the rooms actually are, you would think that for the price of the room and the location of the hotel you would sacrifice the room size, but when you step in you realize how big of a mistake you've done when you booked your stay in this hotel. Yes, they say all hotel rooms in London are pretty small but this hotel really took it to the next level.The bed (Full) is attached to the wall and you are left with about a 1.5’ on the side of the bed to hang out, if you’re traveling with a spouse be prepared to fall off the bed at some point during your sleep.Don’t even think of turning the TV on, since the size is so small and is placed so far above that you have to squint to make out the faces on the TV set. The channels available are numbered from 1-5. Well, you won’t even want to hang out in the room so forget the TV.The continental breakfast served is basically croissants and cereal, so make sure if that what you have to bring some extra milk or just go somewhere else to eat.All in all this hotel room was free when I booked my airline ticket so I cant really complain, but all I’m doing is stating the facts i went through when I stayed at this hotel.	
Mar 14 2006	Excellent weekend	We have just returned from an excellent weekend in London staying at the Corus Hyde Park Hotel. We arrived in the morning and we were allocated our room straight away, quite spacious, immaculate and spotlessly clean. The food in the restaurant was very good and the breakfast was excellent. From our experience we would recommend this Hotel because of the friendliness of the staff throughout the Hotel , the food and the rooms. All in all a very enjoyable stay. Looking forward to returning later in the year.	
Mar 12 2006	central location	Stayed here March 10-12th 2006. Hotel very central, next to Lancaster gate tube station,and opposite Hyde Park. Nice decor, rooms clean, but small with limited storage. Staff very helpful and pleasant. Nice breakfast buffet.Good for a short break.	
Mar 3 2006 	Fab Hotel Very Compact tho!	Very nice Hotel! I enjoyed my stay very much, the staff were very helpfull. The rooms are small but have everything u need (kettle, hairdrier, iron). They are very nicley decorated and comfortable. I had english breakfast and it was delicious staff were friendly and welcoming. The only problem I had was the room was so hot and I couldnt turn down the heating but im sure if I had mentioned this it would have been sorted. Very central plenty of shops and resturants.	
Mar 3 2006	Very weird rooms?	Just before christmas i took my girlfiend to london for a bit of shopping, we stayed in this hotel only for 1 night, its an alright location.The decor inside is abit cheapy looking for a 4* hotel, we checked in to find out we were sleeping in a rabbit hutch!. and the room is a very weird decor abit chinese?, ive never ever stayed in a smaller room!, hardly any light! the toilet was like something out of Dr Who! with a weird green light.I suppose its ok for you money, but wouldnt stay there again.I didnt think the staff were very helpful, ok i might be 18yrs old but they looked at me as if i wasnt too be in the hotel!.	
Feb 21 2006	As I thought it would be....	My sister and her family met me at the hotel where we stayed one night. My sister had already warned me about how small the rooms would be so I was ready for a smaller room than what I received. My sister's room was about the size that I thought it would be, which was fine for one night. My room was perfect for one person, yes it is small but very clean and when I go back to London I will try my hardest to stay here again. The view of Hyde Park and the hotel is very close to a tube station makes up for the fact that it has small rooms. In my own opinion I had a great stay and will go back.	
Feb 19 2006	Good Value Clean yet compact	I took myself and my daughter to London for a few days and I spend quite a lot of time reviewing the hotels and I am quite fussy.Booked through Superbreaks and 2 nights cost £118.00 - not many hotels offer 1/2 price for kids!! The room was very small but it was well equipped and clean.Breakfast was great and would stay again at this rate.	
Feb 19 2006	Very lovely hotel...	I stayed at the Corus on special offer for a weekend last April. I liked the location- quaint, mellow and after just leaving a hotel in Piccadily it was a welcome change. However, when I checked into the hotel (where I booked a single) I was told that the room was smaller than most thought and that I should consider upgrading. The receptionist was right!! I have never been in a cruise cabin that was as small as that single!! Insanely tiny, almost unable to move around in! But I returned to reception and I was given a complimentary upgrade which I was extremely grateful for. The rooms are well decorated and nicely furnished and the proximity to the Tube station was extremely useful. However, there isn't much going on at night and you have to walk a fair bit to get to the more active section of town. Hyde Park is across the street but for the standard price (not on special offer), I don't think this hotel is worth it!	
Feb 12 2006	Like being in a dolls house!	My husband and I stayed here for one night in Feb 06, and we were amazed at the size of this room! The bathroom was the smallest I have ever seen!The room was clean and tidy, but absolutely NO storage for clothes ect. The windows really need to be double glazed as it is incredibly noisy all night long with sirens and cars speeding past even though we were on the 7th floor we were kept awake most of the night.The tv was tiny so if lazing on your bed you couldn't see the screen clearly.The Full English Breakfast is very good though!But best to get to it early to avoid the long queues.Would I stay at this hotel again? Definatley not, I would only rate this as 2 star and not real value for money.	
Feb 5 2006 	Great London Hotel	Located less than a five minute walk from Oxford Street and overlooking Hyde Park, the Corus Hotel is a modern hotel within an old style building.Freshly decorated with bright colours, the hotels interior was clean and attractive. Sure, the bathroom wasn't the biggest, but the rest of the room was well laid out and comfortable.A good selection for full English breakfast in the morning and staff who were friendly and helpful.Just the one negative - no parking on site and only residents parking in the surrounding area. Nearest public car park was a five minute walk.That said, we would definitely stay here again, car or no car!	
Jan 28 2006 	Clean hotel with great staff	Stayed at the Corus for 2 nights on business and was pleasantly surprised after reading some of the reviews.Yes, the rooms are compact but have everything you could need - right down to a mini ironing board and iron and an in room safe.The rooms are cleanly decorated with excellent lighting and are amongst some of the best maintained I have ever seen in the capital. The bathroom, though very small, was immaculate and the shower fantastic.Not sure why people complain about the heat - I just adjusted the theromstat on the radiator - hardly rocket science!Ate dinner in the restaurant one evening and it was great for the money and served by very friendly staff in a professional manner. The breakfast room is also very pleasantly decorated, clean and well maintained.Staff throughout this hotel were extremely pleasant and helpful, something you don't always find in much more expensive properties.My only complaint would be about some other guests making too much noise - a TV doens't need to be on high volume at 3am! Overall a great hotel, good value and with well trained staff. Would I recommend it? Well I was already booked in for next week before my first stay and I certainly wouldn't think of changing my reservation to another hotel following this first experience.	
Jan 26 2006	Excellent Hotel	My partner and I stayed at this hotel after hours of research on the net for a reasonably priced London hotel. This one definitely exceeded our expectations. It is VERY close to Lancaster Gate tube station, the staff were both knowledgable and helpful, and our room was immaculate and of a very decent size (Room 730), compared to what we were led to believe from reading previous reviews. The only thing we regret is that we didn't book our entire London stay in this hotel.....ah well, we'll know for next time!!!!!	
Jan 18 2006	Agreed with the "midget" review	Smallest toilet ever experienced, only mildly larger than an airplane toilet! No wardrobe, so life is lived out of luggage. Rooms were tropical, no expense spared on heating. Clean, staff pleasant, good area, right beside Tube Station (Lancaster Gate), though not cheap.	
Jan 9 2006	Great Hotel in a Great Location	I stayed for five days the week before Christmas at the Corus Hyde Park. The rooms, albeit very small, were very clean and had good amenities. The room rate included a full English Breakfast Buffet in a clean, well-lighted dining room. The service in both the dining room and the hotel staff were very friendly and courteous. The best part of the hotel is its location. It is located directly across the street from the Lancaster Gate of Hyde Park. You can stroll past the Italian Fountains or walk to Kensington Palace. I jogged every morning in Hyde Park and actually saw a red fox in the park. The hotel is one block from the Lancaster Gate Tube Station on the Central Line of the Underground. The hotel is also conveniently located along several major bus lines that can take you to all the major locations in central London. The hotel is situated in a quiet neighborhood and there are shops, a nice pub and a launder mat all within a short walk. I highly recommend the hotel for its cleanliness and courteous staff.	
Jan 3 2006	Great Hotel	After reading some reviews prior to staying in this hotel we was slightly concerned. We arrived at 10am and checked in, knowing this was a little early, We were advised by a helpful member of staff that a room was ready and we had been upgraded to an executive suite, which was a large room, with lovely large bath and lovely view, so we had no trouble with small rooms etcc.. room service was excellent arrived within about 15 mins and full english buffet breakfast downstairs in restaurant was spot on.Would recommend this hotel, but then again, we did have a larger room, and should we have stayed in one of smaller rooms our opinon may be slightly different.	
Dec 3 2005	Very Good Value	Corus Hotel, November 28, 2005. Very Good.Very good value for money. Although the room was small, it was well designed, very clean and comfortable. Position is excellent, is 1 minute from the tube station, opposite Hyde Park, and near all the attractions. I will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 29 2005 	One of the better London hotels in the price range	I've recently moved to London for work and have been booking hotels on lastminute until I find a flat. Of the several hotels I've been in I prefer the Corus so far. The room is clean, the decor is fairly modern (compared to other places in this area), the lobby is pleasant, and the staff were very friendly. The location is great (right across from Hyde Park). I will caution the average reader that I can sleep through more noise than most people so my comments on noise should be discounted. However, at least from my room (on the 8th floor), noise wasn't a significant problem. I am writing all this based on the good price I got on lastminute[-]. If I had to pay normal rates maybe I would have a different view. Yes, the bathroom was small but I think some reviewers should have some cultural sensitivity. Do you want a strip mall Motel 6 with big bathrooms or do you want beautiful architecture in Central London? One has to make some sacrifices I guess. I personally don't really care so much about the size of the bathroom given that I would rather be sightseeing. Again, do you care more about cool pubs, bars, restaurants, people on the street, aesthetics of a city, parks museums, or large bathrooms. Anyways, I have had a good time here so far. Knock on wood as I'm still here!...	
Nov 21 2005 	great for midgets	I stayed at this hotel 14 November for 2 nights. Lucky there was only me in the room - it had a double bed and with two people in the room it would have been intolerable; I could touch two walls with arms outstreched. Yes it's clean; yes, its centrally located - but you've now said it all. The walls are so thin that you can hear everything going on in the rooms either side - I mean everything! I was on business and had jet lag as well, so being woken at 2.30 was not my idea of heaven, epecially when the noise went on for an hour and no-one did anything about it. Breakfast is a basic continental in a small dining room. They give free room service to try and keep the wait down for breakfast, trouble is room service doesn't work either. Day 1 my breakfast had not arrived after 30 minutes, so ring room service; after 5 minutes constant ringing I gave up and went down for breakfast. Many colleagues had the same problem. If you want a relatively cheap, warm, clean shoebox to hole up in whilst in London then this may be for you. If you want sonmewhere you can actually sleep and a semblance of space - oh, and a drawer to put your smalls in - then try somwhere else.	
Nov 10 2005	Incredibly small room	The Corus was exactly what we expected, an older building with small rooms.......but we were surprised at how small. The worst part however is that there is no dresser, no chest of drawers or armoire for clothing. There was a cubbyhole next to a bar for hanging......that was it for 1 week! Very tight and cramped. Clean though. And the bathtub is so high...if you have the slightest problem with your legs or knees find another hotel. The location is convenient, a 1 min. walk to the tube. The staff were accommodating, in fact it was a very warm day when we arrived and when I inquired about air conditioning I was told the rooms were not air conditioned.....however since we were staying 6 nights they gave us a free upgrade to one of the few with a/c. There is a very nice pub across from Kensington Gardens called the Black Lion which was much nicer that the Swan Pub.....the Toad In The Hole was delish. Breakfast was good......cheeses, ham, cereals, croissant, rolls, fruit, jam etc. and it starts early, 6 am, so you can get an early start to your day. Overall I have nothing terrible to say about the Corus or London.......we had a great time. But I doubt I'll return.	
Oct 31 2005	Very pleasant hotel	Very nice hotel in a convenient location. Rooms lovely and clean. Rooms were quite hot and stuffy though and we requested a fan which arrived within one minute! All in all a good hotel which we will probably return to in the New Year.	
Oct 26 2005	Good location but be careful with your bill.... Check Check Check	The hotel is located in a nice area, very close to Lancastergate tube station, so it is very convenient. The continental breakfast is great! The room is SO small, but clean. The hotel pictures describe exactly what you will find there.Everything was fine until I receive the telephone bill. The amount was incredible unacceptable, so I wanted to speak with the manager since they did not give me the rate's list. They made me speak with the hotel concierge who was very rude. I had to pretend that I wanted to call again, but would like to check the rates before placing the call, since I already had exceeded my budget. By magic the list arrived, and I could check that they were charging me 2 times more than it was in the list. They were charging 3 pounds for a local call!!!! At the end, they gave me 50% discount... meaning that it went back to the correct price (still VERY EXPENSIVE). They told me that I should have bought a calling card, since hotels calls are really expensive, and this is how they make money. I could not believe that I was listening that argument.I will never stay there again, regardless the good location, since vacation is not only location, but whole pleasure package, and I had to stress a lot at the end of my stay.	
Oct 12 2005	Good hotel	This is a functional hotel. It clientele contains a great number of tourists. The location is nicely situated across from Hyde Park. Rooms were clean. However, the quarters could have used a few touch-ups on the paint job. Overall, it is useful place to stay for a good rate during the middle of the business week. On the weekend, you can find better deals at more upscale business hotels.The common areas are sort of decorated in bright Ikea chic, which doesn't always appeal to me when consuming my evening cocktail. But, there are plenty of nearby pubs you can enjoy.	
Sep 12 2005	I Would Stay There Again	My family and I had two rooms in this hotel as part of a British Airways package. Our daughters' (adults) room had been refurbished and was nicer than ours, but ours was acceptable. Breakfast was quite good with a very nice selection of rolls, croissants, cheese, ham, jams and juices.The location was wonderful. The Lancaster Gate tube station is witin a two-minute walk. We did stay an extra night beyond what was included in the package and my impression was that it was a reasonable value compared to what I knew about other prices in London. The area around the hotel offered a lot of local charm and was quite close to Paddington Station -- we took a taxi when we first arrived but could have walked in about 5-10 minutes.	
Sep 7 2005	Hot Hot Hot!	The location of this hotel is excellent and it is immaculately clean. The rooms, however, are incredibly small, even for London! We were there on the hottest day of the year and the temperature inside the room and the corridors was unbearable, there is no air conditioning and we didn't have a fan. We were forced to open the window overnight which meant we were woken by trucks arriving at 6am, having been disturbed constantly by a generator noise! At 8am, the maid let herself in (we were too sleepy to hear the door!) so the next morning we hung a 'Do Not Disturb' sign on the door and were woken again by the maid knocking to ask when we would be leaving! Although the prices were reasonable and I loved the area, I wouldn't stay here again.	
Jul 3 2005	Good Hotel small room	Just got back from the Corus Hyde Park, where we stayed for the Live8 weekend (Fri-Sun). First impressions- nice building, clean, modern. The reception staff are pleasant and courteous and check-in was swift and smooth. We had to pay a £40.00 deposit (£20.00 per night) for any extras which we may have taken during our stay, such as the movies, playstation, room service, telephone calls etc.I was quite taken aback at the size of our double room, as it didn't look the same size as the webphotos. It was wide enough to take the double bed, which was against the wall to one side, and there was about 2 foot of walk space on the other side! The room was quite long though to be fair. The room was immaculately clean and you could tell that it has been recently redecorated. The bathrooom was average size and could accommodate 1 person at a time. We had both bath and shower, which was great. The only really negative issue was the overwhelming heat in the room! The sash window could open about 6 inches and there was a fan attached to the wall near the ceiling, but it didn't do much good. I couldn't close the bathroom door because the heat was suffocating in there when the door was shut. I would strongly recommend an upgrade to an air conditioned room (which we will do if we visit again) if you can't stand your accommodation being too hot. The weather outside wasn't particularly hot this weekend, so I dread to think what it would be like in a heatwave!We booked and paid for continental breakfast (as this was the only option left available for the dates we wanted), but when we arrived in our room we were given the option to upgrade to a full English breakfast for a supplement of only £3.50 pppn, which was fantastic. All you need to do is tell them that you want to upgrade when you go down to breakfast in the morning and have it charged to your room, which is very convenient. The breakfast was piping hot and absolutely delicious with a good variety. We were offered tea/coffee and toast. By the time we collected our breakfast, which is self service, and returned to our table, the coffee and toast was there waiting. If you wanted, you could also have the continental option as well, but we found that the full breakfast was more than sufficient. We are hoping to return to London again this summer and would be happy to stay at the Corus. p.s we scoured the internet for hotels and found the best deal at (---)	
Jun 8 2005	Glad we chose this hotel	Great location. Rooms small but well-designed so very comfortable. Immaculately clean. Large continental breakfast. Breakfast room has lots of windows overlooking Hyde Park. Just under two blocks to the tube which we found very convenient. (The tube station required walking some stairs - which may be a problem for some people carrying baggage.) Our family had two rooms - one with air conditioning and one only with a fan. The highs during the day were about 68 degrees Fahrenheit. With those highs, the fan kept the small room cool and the air conditioning just kept the other room comfortable. I don't know how comfortable the rooms would be in hot weather. Staff was pleasant. The shower is in a very deep bath tub so it's a big step to get out of it - this might be a problem for some people. We were very glad we stayed at this hotel and would recommend it.	
Jun 6 2005	Good Value Great Location	I've just returned from a long weekend at the Corus hotel, Hyde Park. Overall I enjoyed my stay - the hotel is in a great location. It overlooks Hyde Park and is minutes from Lancaster Gate Tube making it an ideal location for those wanting something just out of the main bussle. I occupied a single room. It was clean, well presented and ideal for me. My only complain about the room was the heat. There was no air conditioning, the window would not open and only a wall fan provided any air circulation. Given that the weather was very muggy during the weekend, it made it very difficult to sleep in comfort.The only other problem I encountered was with the lifts. Of the three available, only one was available onne morning and it took almost 20 mins to actually get down to reception (No one seemed to be able to locate any stairs).Overall these were not major issues and id happily stay at this hotel again	
May 25 2005	the smallest rooms in London	I have trouble even giving a 2 star review of this property but it is right along Kensington Park. I'm 5'3&quot; and could lay across the width of the room and touch both ends! Does this give you an idea of how narrow the rooms are? I had to sleep with my suitcase in my bed since there was no room to put it on the available floor space. The wardrobe was so shallow that you had to put your clothes in flat, facing forward and with a capacity for about 3 shirts. The bathrooms are okay. My friend's room was bizarre. The entrance from the hallway was into the hotel room's bathroom. So, you had to go through the bathroom to get to the bed area. The breakfast was okay. No A/C is a very bad thing even in winter since the radiator runs continously. Windows were painted shut. A lot of Cosmos tours stay here. Also, it is a known pick-pocket area.	
May 23 2005	Tiny Needs Updating But Convenient	We booked a vacation through British Airways that included 2 free nights in a London Hotel - we selected the Corus. In our first room, the bed must have been 50 years old. It was the worst bed, the room was falling apart with old wall paper falling down. We were on the first floor and could not open the windows and there was no A/C. It was not hot in London, but was extremely noisy and stuffy. We did change rooms the next day and the staff did not give us much hassle. The second room was the smallest we have ever seen - small for European standards or NYC. The bed was against the wall and there was barely room to walk by and that was the entire room. But, it was an improvement because we could actually sleep on the bed and could open the window. The hotel is extremely convenient - one block from the underground subway and near Paddington Station. And the rooms were relatively clean. Overall, unless the room was free through British Airways, we would not go back.	
May 17 2005	very average	Very average hotel - rooms are tiny (even for London). Our room was skinny and long, we felt like we were in a pencil box with no closet and no view at all (room was overlooking the back of the building where kitchen trucks were arriving). Also it was getting pretty hot at night, so we had to open window a little bit, but then we could hear trucks early in the morning. Bathroom was really tiny as well. Building is very pretty from outside. Our continental breakfast was quite decent - few types of cereal, 2 types of juices, milk, tea, coffee, 2 or 3 types of rolls, jams, cheese, ham... Staff was pretty friendly.We didn't like location a lot - it was o'k, very close to the park and the tube, but nothing else. We liked Tavistock much better (and hotel itself and location). We won't be staying at this hotel again.	
May 7 2005	Good hotel for London - bad attitude from staff	This was my second stay at the Corus. Found the hotel to be well located and good value for London. This time however, I encountered a problem upon check-in. The rate I had selected on the Internet was for bed and full English breakfast but the hotel records showed room only. When I questioned this, the condescending French receptionsit indicated that I was getting a very good rate and proceeded to show me what rack rates were for the hotel (who pays rack rates?). Further that he had been a receptionist for many years and HE knows what hotels should cost(who is interested in his career experiences?) I insisted that I should have breakfast included whereupon they reluctantly agreed, but the next morning I found that it was only continental breakfast being offered. Finally, I had to log on to their website to prove that the rate I selected included full English breakfast. (cost me one pound 50 to log on and get a page printed. )Meanwhile in their rooms, the rates I had been quoted are clearly stated in their hotel info. brochure! It would be good therefore if the desk staff were aware of what was on their website and also what info. is in their rooms. But more importantly they should gain an understanding of the word 'hospitality' and make sure that any individuals with 'attitude' are not put in front of customers. Other than this incident, I would probably stay here again because of the good location and in spite of the microscopic rooms	
Apr 26 2005	Great value	We stayed at this hotel for free thanks to a BA package. We concur with most comments on here: the room was small (there was room for a double bed, and a desk, and that was it (literally); the room was clean; decorations were spartan but nice; and the staff was friendly. The best part is definetely the location; hyde park is a beautiful place to spend the day and the metro is very close. My only caution?: It was only the end of March and the halls were sweltering; our room was cool because we could open the window, but I imagine it would be awful in the summer since there is no air-conditioning. I don't think that I would try in summer even if it were free!	
Mar 23 2005	A nice place to stay	My family stayed here March 12-15 with a British Air package. My sister and I had a twin room, and my parents had a double room (although it was a queen-sized bed). My room was very clean and looked recently renovated. It was small by U.S. standards, but had everything that we would want: comfortable bed, clean bath and shower, desk, tv, phone, and a closet. My parents' room was a bit older, and looked a little more worn. However, it was also clean and came with the same amenities. Breakfast was included with our room and consisted of rolls with butter and jam, ham, cheese, cereal, milk, juice, tea, and coffee. It was pretty good - at least for someone who is not a big breakfast eater! The location was great. It is a block away from Lancaster Gate Tube station. It was closed the first two days, so we took a bus to Marble Arch, which is only about 4-5 blocks further. It is about a 10 minute walk from Paddington Station, which is also very convenient. We took a taxi from the station once we arrive in London (because of all of our luggage), and it was only a few pounds. The hotel is right on Hyde Park, with great views. All in all, it was a great place to stay. I would certainly stay there again.	
Mar 11 2005	Friendly Corus	I stayed at the Corus from 4th - 7th March 2005. I arrived at Euston train station and took the bus (390) direct to hotel - Fare £1 20p Alight at Lancaster Gate by the underground station. My room was a standard single, very small but clean. It was adequate for a few days. There was an open fronted wardrobe with hanging space of about 18&quot;. The single bed was too small for me (I am 6'4&quot;) and the dovet cover only came up to my shoulders but an extra blanket was provided.Breakfast arrangements were excellent and stress free. Guests on Continental B&amp;B use a different restuarant than those wanting a full English breakfast. This cuts down the lengthy wait a busy times. The staff are some of the most helpful and friendly I have ever encountered.I would certainly stay again but hopefully in a larger room	
Mar 8 2005	Great for a moderately priced London hotel	We got this hotel via a British Airways package. I was a little afraid after reading the other reviews but the room was great! It was small but average size for a big city, moderately priced hotel. Breakfast was great as well. Room and bathroom were sparkling clean. Location was top notch. Two complaints -- staff did not give us one wake up call, and lift (elevator) service was spotty. One morning we had to wait about 10-15 minutes before we could get on a lift going down, and the only staircase led out to an alarmed door so that wasn't an option. And one of the concierges could have been a bit more helpful. All in all, a great deal -- we were more than pleased with the Corus. I'd definitely stay there again.	
Feb 27 2005	Nice Hotel	Pros-----* Very Friendly &amp; Helpful Staff, Great Customer Service* Modern Flair* Nice Modern Lobby &amp; in Hotel Restaurant* Very Clean* Near Park* Very Close to Tube Station* Rooms are Decent, a Little Cramped, but Good by European Standards* Had Electronic Safe in Every Room, Ironing Board* Good Place for the MoneyCons------* Standard Breakfast Boring with Little Variety* No Air Conditioning, just a Tiny Fan, so if you are caught in a Heatwave in London, Good Luck* Walls can be a Little Thin if Neighbor turns up the Television Volume* Extreme Fringes of Neighborhood could be unsafe at Night, but Generally Surrounding Neighborhood is Nice &amp; Quiet* Not a Lot of Restaurants in Vincinty - Just a FewA good hotel. Very clean, affordable, convenient, &amp; generally safe	
Feb 23 2005	No Problems with the Corus	We stayed at the Corus for 4 nights through a British Airways package and enjoyed the hotel very much. We had a standard room which was very small by American standards, had no drawers to put your belongings in and no closet - only a rack in the room to hang your clothes from. The rooms were spotless, however and tastefully remodeled in a very contemporary style. The hairdryer was underneath the desk and you had to sit down to dry your hair because the cord wasn't very long. My husband is 5'4&quot; and he had some trouble getting out of the high-sided tub. Remember to bring a washcloth or shower scrubby as these are not provided. Shampoo, soap and shower gel are in the rooms. If you need conditioner for your hair, bring that too. We very much enjoyed the continental breakfast that was provided. Hard rolls with jelly and butter, croissants, a variety of packaged cheeses, some cold ham, red grapefruit and orange juices, cold cereals with milk, canned mandarin oranges and grapefruit sections, coffee, tea, and decaf with steamed milk most days. The view of Hyde Park while eating breakfast was wonderful. If you want to take your second cup of coffee on the road, bring a travel mug as they don't have any paper cups with lids. The concierge was extremely helpful. Also, all the staff were polite and friendly. We did not get one wake-up call on the first day after a nap - but woke up shortly therafter so it was not a problem. All the morning wake-up calls did happen. Our room was ready when we got to the hotel about 10:30 a.m. - which was a godsend! They stored our luggage at no charge on the last day while we did some final sightseeing before we left for the airport. Our room had a view of a brick wall - but we were not there for the view. We were not disturbed by any outside noises but kept the fan on all night because we like whitenoise when we sleep. The bed was comfortable and we slept well every night. We only used the Lancaster Gate station (one block away) because it was so close and once we were on the tube, we were able to transfer anywhere we wanted to go from there. We took a short black cab ride from our hotel to Paddington station to get the Heathrow Express back to the airport. We could have walked it but didn't want to with so much luggage. I highly recommend using this way to get to and from the airport rather than a &quot;hotel transfer&quot; by Hotelink included or added on to a package. The only reason I would stay elsewhere next time is that I liked other areas of town better. Marylebone, Covent Gardens and Soho were all favorites and seemed to be more in the &quot;thick of things.&quot; Otherwise, I would go back to the Corus in a minute.	
Feb 3 2005	Perfect for us!	BACKGROUND: This hotel was included in a package deal from British Airways. We were visiting from Washington, DC, and stayed from Saturday Jan. 29th through Monday Jan. 31st, 2005. I liked it upon sight, probably because I'm used to very Holiday Inn/Comfort Inn kinds of hotels. LOBBY: It seemed &quot;upscale&quot; to me - very clean, with a nice open lobby full of places to sit down and people-watch, and the style of furnishings seemed very contemporary - nice bright colors, art, assymmetric couches, etc.SERVICE: I wouldn't say there was a &quot;friendly&quot; feel to the hotel (I can't remember any smiling ...), but all the staff was very professional, helpful, and polite. We were able to leave our bags at the concierge desk and get something to eat, then came back to check in at 2:00 p.m. CONTINENTAL BREAKFAST (free): Breads, fruit, cheeses, cereal, coffee, hot chocolate, oj - your basic continental offerings. We thought everything was yummy. ROOM: I also took pictures of the decor in here because I loved the clean, modern style of the room. It was, indeed, quite small, but we were in a 3-star hotel in Rome that was even smaller, so we were prepared for that. It was more than enough room to shower, sleep, and have our bags/clothes accessible. They had a TV, coffeemaker, pants press, safe, and toiletries in each room. Everything was very clean, and the water in the shower was hot and plentiful - something I'm always grateful for. OTHER: The one thing we had a problem with was a gaggle of people waiting at our 4th floor elevator in the mornings. We tried to find stairs, but could only find staircases marked &quot;for fire emergency only.&quot; LOCATION: We thought this was a convenient location because the tube was right down the block, and the bus stop for the tour buses was right around the corner. We also enjoyed the pub next door, &quot;The Swan.&quot; We had lunch there one day, then stopped in both nights on our way back to the hotel for a nightcap (or three) and live music. The people were very friendly here and we found people to talk to very easily.Overall, we enjoyed our stay here, but would probably experiment with another hotel if we were to come back, only because we like to try new things. We might also stay in one of the busier areas, like Covent Garden or Piccadilly Circus or Soho instead.	
Jan 25 2005	Mediocre And I Don't Ask For Much	The biggest problem with this hotel is the size of the rooms. I am 5'4&quot; and when I spread out I could touch my feet to one wall and my fingers almost touched the other. However, we didn't spend a lot of time in the room, so it wasn't horrible. Also, if you have problems getting in/out of the shower (elderly, disabled) you may find it impossible here. The shower was about a three foot step up over a railing. I found it a little hard at times.The smoking never bothered us.... yes, there was smoking in the lobby and in the hallways, but it was never overwhelming.The staff could've been more efficient. They were never rude, but when we wanted to stay two extra days it took several trips to the front desk and several phone calls. We also never got 3 wake up calls, which made us angry. (There wasn't an alarm clock in the room- the tv told the time).On the plus side, it was a good location. We walked to Portobello Road and Harrod's and the V&amp;A museum, and of course, Hyde Park. It was also just minutes from Paddinton Station and right on a tube line.All in all, it wasn't a bad experience, just mediocre, and I don't ask for much. I don't think I would stay here again.	
Jan 24 2005	Recommend staying in the Corus	My wife and I have just returned after staying in the Corus Hyde Park from 13th - 16th of January 2005. The hotel location is perfect - directly across from Hyde Park and and less than 1 minutes walk from Lancaster Gate underground station which has a very good service, (a train every couple of minutes) and only takes a few minutes to get into Centarl London. We found the hotel staff to be very helpful and although the rooms are quite small, they were cleaned everyday. The only problem we found with the room was the fact that you can hear people talking in the rooms next door as the walls are very thin and not very well sound proofed. Unfortunately the hotel also had a fire drill at about 8am on the Sunday morning which wasn't great as we had been out late the previous night enjoying ourselves!! Apart from those little issues I would recommend the hotel simply for it's price, location and cleanliness.	
Jan 21 2005	Good Hotel Good Location	My husband and me arrived yesterday from Corus Hyde Park, and we loved it.We were afraid of all the bad things that we read on the others reviews (tinny bedrooms, lots of smoking areas...) but we had no problems.We stayed for 5 nights in one renewed room. We can't say that it was a big bedroom, but all the rooms in London Hotel's are smaller than usual (for big rooms must try the Sheraton, Ritz…)...It was not a problem for us because we had enough space for our luggage...and we only use the hotel to sleep and take a bath.The bedroom was exactly like on the internet photos, with a little table, one armchair, security chest, shelfs, closet to put clothes with drawers...and a beautiful view to Hyde Park (we can see the squirrels from our windows). We also had everything we needed to make a coffee/tea, and cookies everyday. Everything was very clean.The hotel staff was always very gentle and helpful.We had continental breakfast (bread, croissants, jam, honey, butter, cheese, ham, milk, coffee, tea, chocolate, corn flakes, bran flakes, orange juice)... For us it’s more than enough!The hotel lobby have sofas and a restaurant/bar. There is one Internet point too. In the concierge we can leave the luggage if we arrive too soon to check in or if we check out and have the plain later and want to visit more things without the luggage…and we don’t have to pay more for it, like happens in others hotels.Lancaster Gate is in the Central Line so we can go everywhere by tube and the tube terminal is only 2 minutes walking from the hotel. In a distance of one station we are in Oxford Street.It was not my first time in London but it was my first time in Corus Hyde Park. I will not come back for a simply reason: I like to try new hotels in new zones wherever I go. But it was a very good experience.	
Jan 10 2005	Too hot for Summer...	Although I stayed in this hotel in July 2004, I only just found this site!Anyway, the standard rooms are small compared to US standards, with the double/queen size bed being only accessible from one side. The other side is against the wall. The bed was comfortable and made up with a white duvet.Wooden shutters cover the windows. There is a desk, and a wardrobe rail (not actually a wardrobe- just a rail!). The rooms are actually quite trendy and painted in neutral white decor. The bathroom is also white and is small but adequate. The rooms were very clean.There is a kettle, and a small tin containing teabags, coffee and biscuits. There is also a trouser press and a fan mounted on the wall.The main problem with this hotel is the temperature in the room. There is no aircon and hot summer nights in London are unbearable!! The wall mounted fan is totally useless. In addition, lots of guests leave their door ajar to try and get some air through. This makes the hotel seem very noisy. The hotel is also located on a busy road opposite Hyde Park.The best thing about this hotel is the location. Very central and convenient for Lancaster Gate tube station. I would stay here again, but not in summer.	
Jan 8 2005	Non-smokers may have a problem.	As a Californian, I forgot how much Europeans smoke. The lobby at this hotel has inadequate ventilation and we couldn't get through it fast enough. I requested a non-smoking room, but upon check-in was told they wouldn't have one until the following day. I held my ground and got one. The lobby furniture is shabby, but the room was clean and the beds were comfortable. No more than 2 of the 3 elevators worked at a time (often less). The location is good (a little more than a block from the Lancaster Gate tube) and across Bayswater Rd. from Hyde Park. The staff was excellent and they have concierge services. If you are a smoker, you will be quite happy here and, if the price is right, I would stay again. By the way, save yourself $$ and take the tube instead of the Heathrow express. Paddington station is quite a hike compared to the tube station. You will have to change trains and haul your luggage, but travel light and you will be fine.	
Nov 2 2004 	Everything I asked for	Have been residing in Hyde Park hotel for a twoday conference in London. In my quest for a hotel I focused on a straight forward Business Hotel, with no extras and got everything I asked for.Perfectly located, near Lancaster Gate tube and Paddington Railway station to Heathrow just five minutes away.Hyde Park just across the hotel and around the corner Praed street with all its restaurants etc.Room was at 7th floor, nicely renovated, clean etc. None of the 'problems' I have read in other reviews were applicable to my stay. Really enjoyed it, will come back	
Oct 18 2004	Small but convenient	My boyfriend and I spent a weekend here in the Spring when we decided to take in a musical. We both found it well located, with the nearby tube stations able to take us quickly wherever we wanted to go. Although we knew all accomodation in London is usually small, we were both surprised by the narrow accomodations- the nautical decor in our room really did make it feel like we were staying on a cruise ship! The window did not open and that was unfortunate as the room can get steamy. Small but well laid out bathroom, with a full bath/shower. A treat for budget hotels. Very comfortable bed and our room was quite clean. Adequate breakfast. I would consider staying here again, if we found the right internet deal.	
Oct 12 2004	Not bad at all	Although the Corus would not have been my first choice to stay in, I have a friend who works for the hotel chain and he managed to get me a deal I couldn't turn down, so off we went.My wife and I stayed there for two nights over the 8th and 9th October as we were visiting London for my 40th birthday, and I must say I was pleasantly suprised.The hotel was very bright and clean, not in the least bit grubby like some hotels you visit, and the staff were friendly and informative.We'd flown down early, but even at 9.30am, the staff allowed us into our room, which was a real bonus.If you're getting the train, then Paddington is less than half a mile away, but Lancaster Gate tube station is only 200 yards away. Get on here for the Central Line, which takes you right into London where you can change lines for wherever you want to go.Getting, back to the hotel, the room was spotless, everything worked and there was no sign of wear or tear. What I would say though, was the standard room was very small and this may put a lot of people off unless you want to upgrade, which I think was £30.00 per night. Saying that, most of the time we were out and about touring the city and only came back to shower, change or sleep, so for us it was no great hassle. If you were intending spending a great deal of time in the room, then it might be a different matter.At night, the bar in the lounge was open well after midnight for anybody wanting a late drink and the surroundings were very pleasant.To summarise, as long as you don't mind a particularly small room, then the Corus was a very pleasant hotel, in a good location across from the parks, handy for the tube and a lot brighter than some 4 star hotels I've been in.	
Aug 29 2004	We all liked the hotel except...	I stayed at Corus with my family in August for six nights. We all loved it! The twin rooms are clean, the bathroom is fine, and the Japanese futon-style blanket is very comfortable. Everyday there's a supply of tea bags, milk, sugar and cookies, plus a plug-in tea kettle for us to enjoy a nice cup of English tea. Hyde Park and Kensington Park across the street provides wonderful space for a walk and my daughter loved feeding ducks and swans there. It's convenient to get around, aside from a near-by tube station, bus routes 12 and 94 go directly to the center of the city. But while we were there, every morning around 6:30 or 7:00, there would be trucks unloading (or loading) right below our windows, and it's incredibly noisy! I was seriously sleep-deprived. Three days later when we returned from Edinburgh and checked in another room on the 6th floor, the noise level was much better. However, this time the weird faucet above the bathtub didn't work and we had to ask the housekeeping for help. Plus the blankets are not futon-style. All in all, our experience with Corus is nice. I will go back to it should we have another chance to travel to London.	
Aug 21 2004	Lovely hotel	I stayed with my two daughters ages 12 and 15 at the Corus for 6 days. I was told that the room would nt be air-conditioned but it was and it was great. The room was an excellent size but we did have a problem finding place to store our clothes so some of them remained in the suitcase which bothered us. In general we had a good experience at the hotel. No complaints. Everything was clean and the Concierge was very helpful when we needed advice how to travel. In truth, I may not stay there again - instead, might find something a bit more central with more underground line access(although waking up and seeing Hyde Park every morning was lovely).	
Aug 11 2004	Nice A/C Hotel okay location	Just returned from London where I stayed at the Corus Hyde Park. Location is just north of Hyde Park, 1 block west of Lancaster Gate Tube (Central Line only), 3 blocks east of Queensway. It was only a 10 minute walk to Paddington Station where we could get Central, District, Circle, Bakerloo tube lines to anywhere in town. Best thing about the hotel was the air conditioning. London can be very hot in the summer and the a/c was much appreciated after a long day. The continental breakfast provided was very basic: croissants, hard rolls, and cold cereal. For a few pounds more, you could have a full English breakfast but we never did. The hotel lobby is very nice, lots of seating and places to hold a quick meeting, if needed. The bar was small but fully stocked. Rooms varied quite a bit. My single room was small, one of the triple rooms was enormous, the double rooms were also on the small side. All rooms were clean and housekeeping was friendly and helpful. The hotel would, of course, exchange currency but had a rather high fee. There was a no-commission currency exchange half a block from the front of the hotel. The Swan pub was just behind the hotel, there were plenty of restaurants near the hotel, including the Concordia Italian Restaurant (very good). Having Hyde Park just across the street was nice and made it possible for those interested in (additional) exercise to run each morning. I'm not sure I would stay there again, not because there was anything wrong with the hotel, I just prefer different areas of town.	
Aug 9 2004	Nice and clean	Although the room and hotel were spotless and staff very friendly, the room was so hot we could not sleep. Room also very small but venue was ideally located for tube station and Hyde Park. Would stay again but not in summer !	
Jul 19 2004	Nice hotel but won't return	My husband and I stayed here July 15 - 18, 2004 and found the accomodations to be adequate, although the room was on the small side. The air condintioning supposedly didn't go below 16 C (60 F), but it felt more like 26 C (about 80 F). Granted the temperature was nice, but after long days of touring London and spending time on the Tube, we would have liked a cooler room. Our room overlooked Bayswater Road which is very noisy until about midnight. Lancaster Gate, while located only about five minutes away, isn't the most efficient tube stop as it is on the Central Line with no connections. The staff was extremely helpful and the room was kept absolutely spotless. We chose to eat breakfast in our room every morning instead of going to the dining room. The continental breakfast was more that filling, but we had to ask for a form every morning even though the form was supposed to be left in our room during cleaning. We will most likely skip this hotel on return trips and instead stay at hotels in the Kennsington area. They are located near more attractions, food, internet cafes and a better value for our money and time.	
Jun 29 2004	Ok for one night but not that great	Stayed in this hotel for my sister’s hen night on July 12th 2003. Got a special deal as 8 of us were staying there so only cost us £50 each so pretty good for a central hotel in London. Checked in ok but our rooms weren’t ready when we got there in the morning, check in I think was between 2-4pm so we left our luggage with the Concierge who were nice and helpful, although I don’t think they spoke much English!When we got to our rooms they just had one single bed in them, they were tiny but clean and just what we were after for one night. Although they were really warm, no air conditioning, and this was in the height of Britain’s heat wave, even opening the window didn’t do anything and it was a bit nosey outside, think my room overlooked the bags of rubbish outside the kitchens or something!Bed was pretty comfortable but the shower was a bit of a nightmare to get into, the bath was really high and there wasn’t much room for manovere! Breakfast the next day was average but it was self service so you could help yourself.Basically you couldn’t swing a cat in this room, but for one nights stay its ok, just don’t go in the height of summer, or if you do bring your own fan!	
Jun 14 2004	Hot way too hot!!!!!	I stayed in this hotel for 10 days with a friend. Even though the room is somewhat small, we did not have any problems unpacking our staff and managed not to bump into each other. I do not see a problem with a room size, especially when you come to see London, and not the inside of your room. Shower was a different story. Not only the tub was so high that it was uncomfortable to get in, it was also so smal, you were constantly bumping into the wall. However, even that was not the worst thing. The room was unbearably hot, despite of the open window. There is a fan in the room, but it is mounted to the ceilingt so it blows air at one spot only and if you are 10 inches from that spot - tough. The only computer in the hotel was out of order for the entire time we were there. Also this hotel has the weirdest policy I have ever heard of. When you check in they ask you for you credit card info, even if your stay there was prepaid. It is done so they coud charge you 20 pounds a day (about $37.00) deposit in case you make a call, use a restaurant or else. At the end of your stay you are supposed to settle the bill. When we refused, our phone line was cut off and the only calls we could make were to the reception. Once I had to make an emergency call to the US in the middle of the night - it took a lot of arguing to get the lines open, only to be hit with outrageous charges: About $4.00 for connection, and $1.00 per minute. You are much better of buying a Royal Mail phone card and using a pay phone. God forbid you do not pay right away - they will hunt you down! Continental breakfast (included) was awfull and English breakfast, for which they charge about $7.00 upgrade per day is not much better. The only two things that are going for this hotel are its location (close to the city Center) and its cleanliness. I would not stay there again.	
May 27 2004	Nice good place	We had some offer through Legal and General to stay in Corus 2 nights and pay for one. The hotel is one excellent place, very near tubes but is not too far for walking through Hyde park and St James park to Big Ben. They offer chipper parking. They gave us one very small room and on the end put us in the basement without lift. The room was big with sofa for our girl and they provide us with cot bed for baby. Nothing was special but nice. Just one thing put me of. The high chair was always dirty! We had one meal there and porcion was very big and nice. Breakfast was standard. It was worth of money, two for one night...	
Apr 14 2004	Tiniest Room I Have EVER Seen!!		
Mar 27 2004	Great Hotel		
Feb 26 2004	Renovations in progress		
Dec 9 2003	Loved the Location		
Oct 24 2003	Tiny but clean with deep/slippery bathtubs!		
Sep 2 2003	Great location		
Aug 9 2003	Nice and Quite Cosy		
Jul 7 2003	Slanted Shower		
May 30 2003	Good and bad impression		
Mar 1 2003	You get what you pay for		
Mar 1 2003	agréable		
Nov 13 2009 	??????????????		
Nov 12 2009 	??		
Sep 14 2009 	Posizione ottima vista fantastica camere piccole ma pulite		
Sep 6 2009 	La qualité de l'accueil et de l'English Breakfast rattrape la médiocrité des chambres...		
Aug 8 2009 	????????OK		
Aug 7 2009 	Excelente ubicación y limpieza		
Jul 16 2009 	?????????		
Jun 13 2009 	Camere piccole		
May 10 2009 	per avere il giusto abbiamo dovuto discutere		
May 4 2009 	Consiglio quest'Hotel a tutte le categorie di viaggiatori		
Apr 27 2009 	A éviter		
Apr 6 2009 	?????		
Mar 4 2009 	Soso y dinero robado		
Jan 6 2009 	Superior a la media en Londres		
Dec 12 2008 	Corus hotel ottimo		
Sep 4 2008 	Hotel très agréable		
Aug 26 2008 	no estuvo mal		
May 14 2008 	Hôtel agréable et bien placé		
Mar 26 2008 	Un ottimo punto d'appoggio per visitare Londra		
Aug 20 2007 	bonne experience		
Jul 22 2007 	Buen alojamiento para la media de Londres y buen trato.		
