Nov 11 2009 	Good value. Awful location	I stayed here with a friend recently as it looked close to the O2 (we were going to the a-ha gig). We got a fantastic rate of £42 for a &quot;deluxe/superior&quot; twin. I don't know what the difference is between a standard and deluxe, but let's just say I wouldn't want to see what the standard room looks like. I don't want to sound too harsh, as this place is cheap as chips, but our room was tiny, fairly basic, and the reception staff on check in and check out were less than friendly. Also, annoyingly, check out is at 11am (rather than the usual time of noon). There is NOTHING within walking distance of the hotel; it's a fairly barren industrial area of London, so luckily the DLR stop is literally across the road . There isn't a pedestrian bridge to the O2 from anywhere near the hotel; amazingly, you cannot access the O2 by foot from the hotel, despite it being just across the Thames, so it's a DLR/Jubilee trip or taxi ride to the O2. Overall, hotel is OK if you're going to the O2 or ExCel, but definitely not a romanctic base to explore London!	
Nov 7 2009 	Good For The O2	We stayed here because we were going to see 'a-ha' at the O2. As other reviews have said, it's very close. About 15 minutes door-to-door with a combination of DLR and Tube (about £2.90 with an Oyster card). Just make sure you get the right DLR train (direction: Beckton), because the line splits towards the Custom House stop.This is also a good choice if you want to see Central London or the West End. Certainly MUCH cheaper than staying in the centre of London. It takes about 30 minutes to Bond Street from here (£5.80 on Oyster). A taxi from the O2 to this hotel cost us £19, and took around 15 minutes.The room is spacious, with a good shower &amp; toiletries, a TV showing HD movies (not seen this in London before), Coffee &amp; Tea (generous supply and a becoming less common in hotels these days) and a very comfortable bed - albeit a little short.It's near London City Airport, so you will hear aircraft noise, but this didn't wake us up or keep us awake.The area seemed pretty safe. We didn't pay extra for breakfast and the staff seemed friendly. Unusually, there is an on-site Chinese Restaurant, which we didn't use.A good choice for London!	
Oct 14 2009 	Only good value via LateRooms	At £49.95 for two of us for the night this was a satisfactory deal. If I'd paid the supposed 'book' price of £125 I'd have been livid! The reception desk service was fairly perfunctory and the wake up call we asked for was 15 minutes late. As we had a flight to make this could have been disastrous. The room was tiny with a basin in the room and a spooky pod shower and pod toilet. We were allocated one teabag between two for our in-room cup of tea! However it was all very clean and when I rang to say the TV wasn't working someone came and fixed it promptly. The location is very handy for the DLR, Excel and London City Airport. We didn't have any meals there - it wasn't that enticing.  It was satisfactory at the discount price we paid but if they charge you full whack I'd go somewhere else....it is certainly not worth more than £60. With that proviso I'd recommend it.	
Oct 9 2009	@ the train stop	it was pretty good. the train stop is right across the street! just 2 stops from the O2 arena and like 20 mins to downtown. the breakfast was only ok.. you have to pay 4 GBP for the &quot;hot&quot; breakfast. rooms were clean and we got an excellent group rate for our stay	
Oct 8 2009 	Ok but a bit overpriced	A bit of a soulless place, typical moden hotel. The reception staff were very welcoming and friendly. The room was clean, but a bit small. We only stayed one night, but very little wardrobe space. And why only three of those horrible little .mil. sachets for two people? Shower room was no more than a plastic pod and just about big enough.The buffet breakfast was a bit expensive, even with 20% off for prepayment, but the food was hot and tasty. The room, probably because of the hot plates etc was too hot.In some ways, the best thing about it is the 2 minute walk to the DLR and then just a few stopes, with change at Canning Town, to The O2. Excel is just across the road so obviously good for that too.Couldn't get air conditioning to work, so had to leave window open, which was not a great idea with DLR and London City not far away.OK for one night, but not sure about longer stay	
Oct 7 2009 	Ideal for short stays at competative rates	Barely a stones throw from the DLR providing good access towards central London. Room on smallish side but well equipped and in good clean order - ideal for short stays. Staff at reception very helpfull. Food in cafe not overly imaginative but well cooked and reasonably priced - continental breakfast fair value. All in all very good value for money and more than happy to use again and recommend to others	
Oct 1 2009 	Good value for what and where we wanted	Stayed one night on the way home from Greece in order to go to a concert in the O2. For a London hotel the price was excellent, and transport links were good. This was vital for us as we not only had to get to the O2 and back but from London Bridge station and back to Victoria, all in limited time.The room was basic, in exactly the way we expected it to be, but it was clean, quiet and the bed was very comfortable.We had a drink in the bar when we got back from the concert - it was quiet there, but quite nice. We didn't have the hotel breakfast - there is a 'greasy spoon' cafe less than 5 minutes walk round the corner that does a wide range of breakfasts for under £5.Would defiinitely stay here again if we go to something else in the O2.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great location at a great price	Just got back yesterday from this hotel and could not fault it. We went to see Andrea Bocelli at the O2 and the DLR is right across the road from the hotel as well as the Excel Centre. To get to the O2 get on the DLR and get off at Canning Town which is only 2 stops and then jump on the jubilee line and it's only 1 stop to the O2 (North Greenwich) in all about 10 mins. The rooms are ideal if your going to the O2 or Excel as they are cheap (we paid £50 for the night) and right next to the transport links. There is also a cafe which does decent grub/breakfast and a pub (does not open till 5pm). But to be honest if your looking for food go to the O2 early as there are plenty of different bars &amp; resturants, we went to thai silk and the food was good but beware the 12.5% service charge they put on the bill! There are also some local shops around the corner in case you need to buy some headache tablets for your hangover!	
Sep 5 2009 	Value for money	Stayed four nights at this hotel. Very clean, friendly staff and great location for easy travel into London by Dockland Light railway.. The continental breakfast is better than many other chain hotels. Would recommend this hotel to friends based on my stay experience..	
Aug 24 2009 	Just the same as etap	was looking for value for money near london so chose thia hotel over all the others in town , check in was fast but finding our way to the room took longer as they were not signposted from the lift , once there the room was clean but the shower and toilet in their own 'pods' were a little bit small . The hotel is in an industrial area which wasnt very appealing at night but overall our stay wasnt bad	
Aug 12 2009 	Good value (if you do not need wake-up call)	Was staying for 1 night, which was fully OK given excellent price/value for quite tiny superior room and pre-made WC cubicle, which was OK with me being alone (The superior room differs from standard one, having AC installed), booked for app GBP 50 for night via their homepage. If you book breakfast on arrival, you get 20% off, which is even better value, and the quality of breakfast was OK (they are trying to offer you full cooked breakfast for app. 5 GBP more, but I did not tried this).The only thing, I did not like, was that the ordered wake-up call did not happen. This is a shame, as this I find one of the important services for business traveler. Good, that I usually have back-up. After complaining at the reception, I noted, that only 3 wake-up calls were requested. I have been told, that they not only called me, but even went to knock on the door. I was already awake 20 minutes before the ordered call, so I might have been able to notice that somehow.... But it did not happen. The chinese restaurant downstairs does not belong to the hotel and was surprisingly good. The only problem is, that they do accept credit cards only from GBP 10, so I needed to increase my take-away order in order to reach that amount. But overall good experience though!But the internet access for 17 GBP and safe for GBP 2 is not acceptable.	
Aug 2 2009 	Very Satisfied with stay and well recommended for value of money	I stayed here overnight with a friends for nightout and my first impressions of the hotel when i came in were friendly staff, quick check in and well maintain clean hotel. Our stay include continental breakfast which lovely to start the morning. We booked twin beds but the room were slightly small than we expected as well the separate shower and toilet. The downside of the stay is the toilet, light don't work at all and its really dark. Apart from that it was really nice stay and lovely view of the area around. Definitely recommending this hotel for cheap place to stay with very welcoming staff that works there. Lastly, it also located at very unfriendly community but i still would go back again to stay soon.	
Jul 29 2009 	Lesson learned: read reviews first	This was the first stop of several for the group of American college students I went with, and the place had us nervous for what might be coming. The staff was difficult and very unhelpful. The place smelled faintly of cigarette smoke despite the &quot;no smoking&quot; signs. While it is located close to an Underground stop, it's a very industrial and rough-looking part of London - there was a shot-up phone booth just down the road. Bathrooms were what we called &quot;Port-A-Potty-Deluxe&quot; - molded plastic shells in each room, with barely enough room to do anything. Beds were all right, but don't get a cot - I attempted to sleep on one and after the inital exhaustion wore off, woke up and crawled into the pushed-together beds of the other students I was rooming with, because sleeping on the crack in between was far better than trying to sleep on the literally two-inch thick pad. They had the hot breakfast mixed in with the continental breakfast, but it was an extra four pounds, and only a rather obscure sign informed you of this fact. I can't wait to visit London again, but I definitely won't be going back there.	
Jul 16 2009 	good value for money	Clean quiet hotel. Rooms are small and basic, but clean. Reminds me of &quot;Etap&quot;, but slightly more upmarket.Close to public transport with a DLR-station and a busstop across the road. (continental) Breakfast was good and plentiful, with an option to upgrade to English. Internet not included, but high-speed connection available at reasonable rates.	
Jul 13 2009 	Comfortable Convenience.	I always read tripadvisors reviews for place before staying there and, usually, I am left with a distinct fear prior to arrival. Luckily, in this case, any negative reviews were completely erased upon walking into the room.Now, first, I should let you know I paid, as near as makes no difference, £50 for a superior double room with continental breakfast. Hence, excellent value. The room itself was small but cosy. There was excellent storage space for clothing et. al. and most importantly, in mid July, the climate control air conditioning was excellent, a quiet cool lulled me to an excellent nights sleep on a comfortable bed. The toilet and shower facilities were also quite small but, sufficient. Indeed, the shower was very modern and very good, and, as a larger gentleman, I had no trouble fitting into the room, fitting onto the toilet, fitting in the shower, leaning over the sink to brush my teeth. There was sufficient room and excellent facilities. There was also a kettle (or tea and coffee making facilities as they call it). Which leant itself well given that, after a day out in the city, we fancied a cuppa.The location of the hotel may be a tad inconvenient for some people who wish to stay in London, however it is a very short journey from Tower Gateway DLR station, to Customer House for eXcel DLR station, and the hotel itself is literally across the road from the exit of the DLR station, and I mean literally, you exit the stairs from the station and cross the road directly to the door of the hotel. It was a fantastic location for our purposes, and our off-peak travel cards for zones 1-4 (the hotel is in zone 3) was only £6.30, 70p more than a zones 1-2 travel card. I must reiterate, this is off-peak travel cards, and peak travel card prices may vary. We also dined in the Ho Lee chinese restaurant within the hotel, and the food was lovely. Overall I would recommend this hotel for, mostly short breaks. If you are planning a weekend in London with your partner or, even on your own, and you aren't wishing to go pupping and clubbing late at night then you cannot go wrong with this hotel and, do search for the cheapest rates for this hotel because I found prices from £49 to £115 for rooms at this hotel and, our room, which we paid £54 for, was also available for £115, that's about £60 difference, that's a whole other night. So shop around!	
Jul 8 2009 	A bit like a youth hostel	Good location for Excel conference centre and Docklands Light Railway (right opposite).But the place felt like a youth hostel (in part I suppose because it was full of kids staying on school trips). Small rooms with two plastic &quot;pods&quot; - one containing loo and one containing shower - rather than proper bathroom. Too noisy to have windows open. Too hot to have windows shut (no aircon). Breakfast room was more like a canteen - continuing the &quot;youth hostel&quot; feel. Pleasant enough pub on-site.Wasn't a bad price, but on reflection would have paid more to stay in a proper hotel.	
Jul 8 2009 	Excellent value for money	Stayed in the hotel for three nights and don't have anything to complain about, the service was good and the rooms clean. DLR station literally next to the hotel so getting into london central was really easy. The only down side was the layout of the room(washbasin next to the bed and both shower and toilet were in the separate rooms, wich felt a bit odd.) Been to several hotels in both ends of the rating scale, and i'd say that this one easily fills the requirements for a 3-star hotel!	
Jun 25 2009 	The Worst Hotel I have ever been in - Avoid at All costs	This place is a dump. I can't possibly understand some of the other reviews that give it a good rating.The rooms are tiny, filthy and furnished with beat up Ikea style furniture, but what you might expect in the discard pile from a Salvation Army store. My room had a filthy carpet, the bedding had NOT BEEN CHANGED, and the bathroom was the worst I have ever seen in any hotel. I couldn't believe how awful the place was. I wanted out within 5 minutes of arriving. Unfortunately, my penny pinching boss forced me to stay at this dump of a place for 3 days. It was absolutely horrible.Do NOT stay here EVER. Easily the worst hotel I have ever stayed at in over 18 years of business travel. I would vote it for &quot;Worst Hotel in the World&quot;. Totally awful.	
Jun 18 2009 	Good location for ExCel unbelievably cramped room	Location great for ExCel center (not bad for central London due to proximity of DLR line, although does take a while). The room itself was really not acceptable however. 2 beds squeezed into a tiny space. The toilet room is smaller than what you would find on a plane; the shower is also a tiny room and impossible to change clothes in there. Noisy when you open the window (overlooks directly onto a main road / next to DLR station). Breakfast was extremely average - if I'd paid extra for 'full English' I'd have been outraged at a £9 waste. As a result, didn't try any of their restaurants for dinner (although impressively there are several to choose from). Nothing nearby except the ExCel centre. They were good in their willingness to hold onto our baggage after we checked out until the evening. Not cheap to stay here either.	
Jun 14 2009 	Good base for the 02	Me and a friend stayed in this hotel this week for 3 nights last week. We chose this hotel due to its close proximity to the 02 as we were seeing a concert there and because at the time of booking Expedia were having a sale on rooms at this hotel (£29.83 per night!) . For what we paid we really cannot complain too much as it was such a bargain - it was ideal for the o2 - the Custom House for Excel DLR train stop is literally right across the road from the hotel which we used to get the the o2. It is only two stops on the DLR and one stop on the underground, which only takes a few minutes. The hotel itself was clean and basic with modern decor, our room and bathroom were huge with lots of space - we were given a double bed when we requested a twin room but we weren't too bothered, the main problem with the room was that it did have a strong smell of damp which really hit us each time we walked in. It was also quite noisy as we had a room at the front and could hear the noise/announcements from the DLR rain station from 6am onwards! We also found that the bed was quite hard and uncomfortable. It was quite out of the way for the city centre and I wouldnt recommend if you are coming to London just for sightseeing/ a night out as there is not much round the hotel to see/do except for the o2 and I felt a bit scared walking round the area especially at night! We used the tube to get into London a few times - this took about 20mins or so and was quite straightforward - however there was a tube strike whilst we were there with only one line running so we had to get a taxi from Euston which set us back £40! Overall it was a good base for the o2 - I would stay here again only if I was going back to the o2 but wouldnt really like to stay any longer than one night or pay the full price.	
Jun 9 2009 	Does what it says on the tin	Stayed here over the weekend, it was easy access to the o2 and easy for going into town all with the DLR across the road. Everything seemed Clean and fairly modern? Room was smaller than usual, nice big double bed, toilet, shower, small lcd tv, tea/coffee facilities, Nice Bar down stairs with great bar food menu, &quot;The Cafe&quot; had nice menu, the chinese was top quality, what else does a hotel need for 59.50? For the price I thought this place was MORE than adequate, reception organised us a taxi to get to Liverpool st the morning we left as it was stupid 'o clock, Staff were friendly, will def Stay here again and will recommend to friends!	
May 28 2009 	Don't stay here!	This hotel is rubbish, the customer service is awful, the hotel is dirty, it's full of school groups that run around the floors in their pyjamas. The room was tiny, I could touch the walls from the edge of the bed! the double bed was 2 singles pushed together which un-pushed frequently in the night, the quilt was paper thin, the mattress felt like a water bed, the room was cold, there was no pillow and the en-suite shower is the same design as a 125 train (moulded plastic) except it has a shower (do not drop the soap as you cannot bend down once the door is closed), I would say this is the worst place I have ever stayed in London. I was glad that I only paid £59.95 for the room as they advertise for £125. Unfortunately when I got home they took an extra £60 from my visa card without telling me, when i phoned them they told me it was procedure and I have to either wait 14days for it too automatically go back into my account or chase the payment with them. Shambles !On the positive side, it is very close to Excel (but then so are other hotels which are far better) and there is a Caribbean restaurant within 5 minutes walk which is amazing. There is a chinese restaurant in the hotel, but my thoughts are if they can't be bothered to clean the rooms, imagine what the kitchen is like?	
May 26 2009 	Excellent Value...Great for O2....dodgy area	This hotel was booked purely on price....£50 for a twin room. The hotel has parking,(£10 per 24 hours - great value) which was a huge relief because I wouldn't want to park my car on a road in the surrounding areas...it might have been up on bricks when I got back!! The room was small but immaculate and nice crisp white bedlinen and towels. We went to a gig at the O2 and was so easy to access from this hotel. I would definitely recommend and stay here again.	
May 20 2009 	Good if you pick your dates	Good location for the O2 Arena and the Convention Centre. O2 was just a couple of train stops away. We booked this, not realising it was at the Convention centre for the G20 Summit and not realising it was being held during our visit. Good cafes, bars restaurants, all when you cross the rail line. However, walk down the side street and you are back in the Easterenders life of London. Such an interesting contradiction. A good chippy and supermarket at hand. A few restaurants in the hotel itself.	
May 13 2009 	Good Value No frills!	I Stayed here for 3 nights with my friend, on my 'STAG Weekend'. The idea was to get away and visit the sights of London. We booked the Hotel through 'Easy Breaks' which included return flights from Glasgow.The hotel is a little bit out of the center of London, which to be honest has us a little worried at first, but it sits directly opposite from the Custom EXCEL DLR (dockland Light Railway) Station. So getting in/Out of London was a breeze. The hotel is clean and tidy, staff were friendly. The rooms as previous reveiwers have stated are small. The toilet and shower are seperate in what can only be described as a posh portaloo!!, plastic set ups, no locks on the doors. However they did the job, and to be honest for what we paid for 3 nights B&amp;B it was more than adequate. The beds were small, and we had to ask for extra pillows each, but no great hardship and we both slept on them fine (but I was glad to get back to my double kingsize!) Breakfast was coninental style with plentifull if not varied fare on offer. You can upgrade to full English for £4. This I found hard to understand, as very few people actually did this (we did once) and as a result surely a lot of waste?There is a Cafe/Restruant, a Chinese and a pub within the hotel, the prices looked reasonable for a London Hotel, and we ate in the pub on the last night. Food was great, service was good, and plenty of it, for decent price. The drink prices was high though, about £4 a pint which for 2 tight Scots was pretty high, but to be honest you can pay that in Glasgow, so it didn't shock us too much!.So to sum up folks, if your looking for a reasonably priced, clean hotel, and are not looking for 4 star Hilton Standards then this is just the job!. We used it for a base to get in and around London which was just what we were looking for. Transport Links are top notch. We could get into central London in about 30 mins. If you want more out of a London hotel, then I am afraid you will have to dig a little deeper into your pockets!!	
May 4 2009 	Porta-loo?	Stayed here as a base when seeing 'Pink' in concert at the O2 Arena. Good location (surrounding area not the best but good transport links). Hotel average. On arrival we were charged 10 pounds more than expected and THEN told it was to cover theft and would be given back when we left - would have been nice to be told beforehand rather than simply charged. Hotel a bit confusing (took about 15 minutes to find our room)... a bit grubby.. The toilets?!?!?! Reminiscent of a porta-loo, plastic, no ventilation, no lock, smelt disgusting.. Other than that a pretty average hotel, ok value when on offer but definately wouldnt pay full price. Wouldnt like to stay any longer than one night.	
Apr 27 2009 	Avoid absolutely awful	Have just spent a night at this hotel and never again. We booked a double and were given a twin and when we complained were told tough they were fully booked. The room was tiny with the sink in the main room and no locks on the toilet or shower doors. The duvets were too small for the bed and the toilet itself looked like a portaloo. The staff were incredibly unhelpful, even rude. The power shower was a joke. if you wanted power you could not have hot water and the tap on the sink was the same. The only good thing about this hotel was the breakfast. surprisingly after all we had been through it was actually very good. What should have been a fantastic weekend was completely ruined by this awful hotel	
Apr 27 2009 	Very Enjoyable Stay	Hi Stayed in this hotel for a few days and had no problems with it at all. yes it is out of central London a bit but only about 30 mins on the train. There isnt much in terms or sights to see out where this hotel is but i had no problems with the area at all. The rooms were small but comfortable and the bathrooms were also small but managable. I really cant see why this hotel has had so many bad reviews. I would stay here again in a heartbeat and would certainly recommend it.	
Apr 25 2009 	SUPERB	me and my girlfriend stayed at this particular hotel for 2 night and i found everything to be brilliant, the food was amazing, beds were really really comfy, the room were tidy and the staff were also very polite and helpful however the bathrooms were a little small but to be honest how many people does it take to go to the toilet or to have a wash at any one given time, i will most certainly be recomending the custom house hotel to friends who wish to stay in london and will more that likely be staying there again, thanks again	
Apr 23 2009 	Avoid at all costs	Grubby, smelly, neglected, poor area, @ £80.00 room only very poor value - I will never go again - Avoid at all costs !!	
Apr 20 2009	Avoid at all costs!	We spent one terrible night here as part of a school trip. Words cannot even describe how bad this hotel is. Dirty, mouldy, smelly. Tiny, plastic bathroom with approx 1 inch of mould growing from the ceiling. Unsafe neighborhood and far away from any interesting sites. There are so many beautiful, reasonably priced hotels and B&amp;B's in London to choose from, that there is absolutely no need for anyone to purposely book themselves into this dump.	
Apr 20 2009 	Clean well-priced and on an Underground Line	The doubleroom was clean, tidy and well-equipped. The room included a TV (which we barely used), coffee/tea-making facilities and a hair-dryer. I was told that the air-conditioning had not been turned on for any of the rooms on account of it still being relatively cold outside - In fact, we were quite warm in our rooms so we would have appreciated the air-con, were it available. Aside from the air-con, everything else was spot-on!!The ensuite-toilets were clean with plenty of towels and the shower pumped out lots of warm water. Internet was available in the lobby but it was £3 for 15 mins which is a rip-off. I'm glad we only needed it once during our stay.Breakfast was the usual Continental or Fry-up. The Continental included fruit, cereal and/or cold meats and it cost £5.95. The Fry-up included the continental menu and cost £9.95. The breakfast room was tidy and the service was good so no complaints there either.Overall, I'd gladly recommend Custom House Hotel.	
Apr 16 2009 	very good for money	Rooms are on the small side but very clean and staff are very friendly and helpful. Perfect location for the O2.	
Apr 3 2009 	One night only	Stayed for just one night.. The hotel is literally over the bridge from Excel and the price reflects what you get. The room is small and I've experienced better facilities on campsites than the grubby pre fabricated bathroom that sits within it.The restaurant wasnt great either, I waited and hour and half for a burger that never came and saw others experience the same issue. I managed to get a dessert which was underwhelming. Thank goodness for the wine..	
Mar 16 2009 	Decent accomodation at a decent price	Stayed at the hotel from Monday to Friday for work purposes, the room was a superior double which was basic but comfortable, most importantly it was nice and clean and well maintained for the duration of my stay. The area isn't the most attractive but it isn't as bad as some reviews suggest in my opinion, it was quiet which is a bonus. There are three places to eat within the hotel, i tried the cafe and the pub, both were decent if not cheap. The DLR station is lietrally a 30 second walk, and its a nice easy comute into central London, about 20-25 minutes using the DLR and jubilee underground. Overall if you can get a good price (i was there for £50 a night) then its a decent hotel to stay in.	
Mar 15 2009 	Perfect for O2 and city	My partner and I stayed at the Custom House in March as we were going to see Tina Turner at O2. We arrived at the hotel at around midday and got a space in the small car park. We were unable to check in but the hotel was happy for us to leave our car as we took the DLR and tube into town. The hotel is opposite the Custom House stop on the DLR. We used a travelcard to get into town (DLR to Bank and Central Line to Oxford Circus) and used the same card later in the day to go to the O2 (DLR to Canning Town and Jubilee Line to North Greenwich).Yes, the rooms are small (see photos) and we paid £59 for the privilege but what you get is ok. We stayed at an Ibis with a similarly sized room. Service and cleanliness were good. This is a suitable hotel for the O2 or Excel. We would recommend arriving early if you wish to get a car parking space.	
Mar 4 2009 	Decent hotel bad area	We booked this hotel when it was on offer at something in the region of £40 per night for a double room. In terms of what you get in the hotel itself this was probably par for the course, taking into account the fact that you will be paying obscene London prices wherever you go in this area. The room was very small and basic but was also clean and well-kept. We were happy enough with the standard of the accommodation itself but I would not want to pay any more for it. In terms of standards, expect something approaching a slightly jaded Travelodge or Holiday Inn, which hasn’t been decorated in a couple of years but which is acceptable nonetheless. The cubicle toilet and shower block is, as some other reviewers have noted, a little odd but this shouldn’t put anybody off; in fact the shower was very good. The staff were always pleasant and one very kind lady in the adjoining pub lent us a corkscrew to open a bottle of wine. Unfortunately what lets Custom House Hotel down is its location. While the area in the immediate vicinity of the hotel is busy enough at most times of the day to feel safe, the streets behind the hotel are distinctly intimidating. There is a noticeably run-down feeling to anything north of Victoria Dock Road. There are only very limited amenities, in terms of shops and services, in the immediate vicinity and the neighbourhood does not feel safe enough for one to explore beyond this. We found ourselves simply dashing from the station back to the hotel on most nights. This security problem was compounded by the fact that the hotel restaurants were severely overpriced, so we found ourselves very limited in terms of eating options. On the plus side, you could not be closer to the DLR stop so access to central London is really quite easy. Equally, if you are visiting the exhibition centre, then this hotel is located just about as conveniently as you could hope. What is more, the local ‘Southern Fried Chicken’-type shop is excellent value, though twice in one week is probably too much cholesterol for anybody! This was certainly a mixed experience and I would advise anybody to not pay too much for this hotel and to not expect a homely and welcoming neighbourhood when you get there.	
Feb 5 2009 	wash and go	booked on special rate to attend an exhbition in Excel. excelent value for mony, rooms was warm and very clean, bed was extremly compfy. staffs were very polite and helpfull. the pub was fantastic and food was freshly cooked and the price was reasonable. I did stay at custom house back in 2006, but a lot has changed since, the rooms are much batter standard now. I recommend this hotel to any one come for excel and O2.	
Jan 22 2009 	Has the management changed?	Earlier rviews are pretty critical, whereas later ones are much much better. My personal experience was excellent, so perhaps the management, or at least their attitude, has changed recently? There is mention of refurbishment on their website, but I saw no sign of this, so their comment of 'no disruption' was true.The reception, bar, and breakfast staff were all courteous, helpful, and efficient.The rooms are not huge, and I would be very disappointed if I'd paid £100+. However, at a special rate of £49 this was a superb find. If you're happy to pay more, go somewhere else, there are bigger better hotels in the vicinity. However, if the lower rate is available, grab it!The toilet and shower were plastic module type units, but were perfectly functional. The decor is good and the room was clean. The bed was very comfortable. The TV offers a number of 'freeview' channels as well as pay tv.Rooms at the front can be a little noisy with trains and traffic noice. Rooms overlooking the car park are much quieter (a colleague had one of these).The pub bar is great, very atmospheric with comfy chairs and sofas. Breakfast room was busy, but seats were available and there was plenty of food. My rate included continental breakfast; cooked breakfast buffet was £4 extra, but I didn't bother.Location is a bit remote, and although central London is accessible by DLR, it might require a couple of changes. However, for Excel, it is excellent - just across the footbridge. The surrounding area is not great, but appears to be earmarked for redevelopment. Don't count on getting a taxi if there isn't an exhibition on, although there is a mini-cab office opposite. We relied on the DLR. Be aware, this station is in zone 3, so make sure you get the right ticket!Parking is available at £10 per night, which is quite reasonable. The car park appears to be secured.For a business trip, short visit, or exhibition, then this hotel is ideal but make sure you get a good rate. It's a bit remote for sightseeing.	
Jan 22 2009 	Value for money - if your expectations aren't too high.	We decided to spend the weekend at the boat show, so with it being at ExCel, we wanted a hotel that was within easy strolling distance of the venue. Here's our comments on The Custom House Hotel.LocationFor ExCel you won't get cheaper or better located than here. It is literally just across the DLR railway bridge. It was perfect for us.BookingWe booked through a value hotel website (bookings is the name). The room was £59 a night which, compared with £100 or so for the bigger name hotels. The hotel's own website charged £80 or so - therefore I recommend shopping around.ParkingWe drove down to London and used the hotel's own car park. They charge &quot;£10 a day or part thereof&quot;. We assumed as we were going to be there over a Saturday/Sunday we would be charged £20 but they only charged us £10. We were happy with the car park - as someone else mentioned, it's not the loveliest of areas and not worth the risk of parking in a side street in my opinionRoomsI'm sure there are large, airy rooms in this hotel. However, for £59 we neither expected, nor got one of these. My husband remarked that it was probably the smallest hotel room he'd ever stayed in. The toilet was very VERY similar to those that you get on a plane - with plastic walls. The sink was in the corner of the room next to the bed. The shower, although built the same as the toilet was lovely and hot with a powerful head. The bed was extremely comfortable and we had tea/coffee facilities plus a tv. The room was NOT airconditioned. However, the heater worked and the room was toasty after about 10 minutes. If you know you only want to sleep in this room you will have no cause for complaints. Don't however, book yourself a romantic break here! OverallThis is really a value hotel that we booked for convenience and price. In my opinion it gave us exactly what we were looking for. It was not a luxurious experience, but neither was it terrible. It was just adequate for our requirements. You will not get beautiful views from your window and you will not be overwhelmed by your surroundings. However, for what it represents, we had no complaints and the next time we visit ExCel, we would have no hesitation of using the Custom House Hotel again.	
Jan 18 2009 	Great Value	This is a large and modern Hotel opposite the ExCel exhibition centre and Custom House DLR stop. Check In was polite and efficient. Our room was of a reasonable size but was very plain and basic, the bathroom was a good sized plastic walled chamber on the &quot;Wet Room&quot; concept, closed off from the room by a somewhat odd industrial-style shutter ... both room and bathroom were very clean and the shower was simple but effective - actually one of the best that we have had !We did not use the Hotel's restaurants but we did find the Hotel's own &quot;Pub&quot; which was surprisingly large and pleasant, if somewhat expensive - glass of wine and a coffee about GBP 7-00 ...As has been mentioned by others, this Hotel is not in the best part of Town (and the fact that half of Custom House station is currently derelict does not improve the local ambience) but it is directly opposite the station - you just need to cross the road and do not need to walk round the local area.If you just want a decent room for the night, and you can get a good price for this hotel (we paid GBP 60-00 for a double) then this is an excellent location for events at ExCel and the O2 which is an easy DLR/Tube ride away ...Liked : Value for money on room, location for O2.Disliked: Local area, Bar prices.	
Jan 15 2009 	i just want to relax with a drink	reception staff were polite and helpfull and we checked into our rooms arranging to meet in the bar for a relaxing drink and a snack after a long journey. . unfortunatley the cafe and bar were closed and only the chineses restaurant was open .although i had heard good reports of said restaurant none of us really wanted a full meal .upon enquiring at the reception we found out that the chinese opened from 1pm to 5pm and that the bar / kitchen opened from 5pm to 11pm. as with a lot of people who book this hotel we were going to a show at the o2 and booked it for its location in the mistaken impression that as it had a restaurant and a bar we would be able to get a drink and a meal before and after the show. unfortunatley this was not the case so we went off to the 02(which is only a few stops and a change to the jubillee line) where there is a large selection of places to eat and drink . after the show which ended at 10. 30 pm we would have prefered to return to our hotel for a meal (preferabley a chinese )and a drink and to critique the show as we always do when staying at hotels in the west end . knowing that all would be closed up by the time we returned we stayed for a quick drink as the last train on the dlr is at 11.50. having said this the hotel itself is clean and staff polite and helpfull and for the price(£50) good value.we are going to a concert at the o2 in march and have booked this hotel again purely for its conveniant location but i have warned my husband ( who did not accompany me on this trip) that there will be no quick wash and change and wait for me in the bar and that i will endeavor to be as quick as possible as he hates waiting in the room( which in this case is pretty small) while i get ready as much as i dont like having him in the way and tutting with the &quot; how much longer are you going to be&quot;. when we stay in march the price has gone up to £60 which is still good value as i have stayed in worse places for more money . at the end of the day its just somewhere to wash and sleep for one night . being a sad old rocker that has been to donnington and milton keynes bowl on many occasioins and washed in a sink and slept in a tent and paid a lot of money to do so this hotel is excellant as long as you remember youy get what you pay for.	
Dec 18 2008 	Not a bad hotel	Stayed here on a coach trip to London.The hotel is pretty much ok with the train/tram station opposite the hotel your in the centre of London in 5 minutes.The rooms are as you would pretty much expect but with a London weekender your not going to spend to much time in the rooms,the bathrooms are a bit weird and remind you of an aeroplanes toilet everything is plastic...!!The Breakfast is 1st class fresh and plenty of it.The area is a bit run down and dodgy at night and it seems a strange place for a hotel but it looks like it's a up and coming area especially with the London olympics on its door step,but with a in house chinese restaurant ,pub/restaurant there is no need to leave the hotel at night.	
Dec 15 2008 	Fagins Palace	This hotel is annoyin in the same it is a rollercoaster of good and bad.On arriving at the hotel in this difficult location we were surprised how ''''''remote''''''' it was in the sense it is next to pretty much nothing. Once inside the hotel we were fairly impressed with the front desk as it looked new and well staffed. The employees however were as far removed from pleasant as you can get. NO customer service skills, NO pleasantries, NO manners and ZERO personality!!Before we could even catch out breath they were demanding a credit card to cover breakages, which was very off putting. Anyway we took our key and went to our room. On entering the room I genuinely though it was in memory of Jeremy Beadle. The room was smaller than my suitcase, rediculous and NOT what the website was selling. It had two twin beds the size of boxes in and extremely laughable!! The only good thing about the room was the bathroom and that too was a joke. For anyone with a mobility problem they were stuffed in regards to using the loo or shower. You basically had to mountaineer your way up a huge climb just to get inside this 'pod' which was literally a caravan bathroom dumped in a broom cupboard.Ok so the beds were comfy, bathroom clean and tv worked, for the money we paid I guess it really was not that bad. For the purpose of a quick trip it was more than suitable.BREAKFAST time. hmmm well the breakfast was actually delicious but they have a very regimented routine regarding brekfast. 2 LINES we were ordered. One for the standard continental breakfast and one for the cooked breakfast at an additional cost!!! The cafe closes very early or when the chef gets bored. The times change every night. If it is still open late they offer a dirt basic curry, which looked seriously off putting.!!! WARNING !!! WARNING !!! WARNING !!! WARNING !!! WARNING !!!DO NOT under any circumstances go out of this hotel in the dark and alone at night. The area is very dangerous. On two nights that we were there, drug offers were made. Other people had called police about this with 2 others being threatened with blades.Now ok every area has its problems but gang culture is the worst I have seen, just a simple warning.	
Dec 9 2008	Excellent value for money	Having stayed at many hotels, this one was excellent value for money.Breakfast 5 star, cleanliness 5 star, staff very helpful.Had problem with TV, maintenance was summond immediately and problem rectified.Will not hesitate to stay again	
Nov 25 2008 	Perhaps a more balanced review!	Well, I am sat in the Customs House Hotel right now, on the 4th floor in a superior room. The room cost was £49 booked on &quot;late rooms&quot;.I normally wouldn't bother writing reviews, but I do enjoy reading them (how selfish - I know), however I think I need to put the reviews here in context, and please bear in mind the £49 room rate.Why am I here? Well, I am visiting Excel, only staying one night and the hotel proximity to Excel is as good as you can get, just a road and foot bridge away.I visited Excel about the same time last year and stayed in the Ibis after having some really good experiences at the Ibis at Gawick airport, but the Ibis was full. (£80 cost last year)The room very much reminds me of the Ibis to be honest, they also love slot in showrooms, except Ibis's is fitted to a better quality and the shower is much bigger, the Custom House shower is more of a token gesture! The heating didn't work in my room, however a quick visit to reception and a few minutes later a portable electric heater arrived in my room, not too much of a problem.Internet is still £15 for 24hrs, exactly the same rate as the Holiday Inn at gatwick airport, so pretty much par for the course, although many other hotels are either £10 for 24hrs or include some kind of movies + internet package for £15Have just eaten in the cafe, was thinking of the Chinese option, but after hearing bad reviews on here for the cafe, I thought I would give it a go and see how bad it really is!Double burger, with bacon, cheese, large salad, fries for £7.95? Sounds good value to me for a hotel, and it was good value, bacon was really good (and i'm a fussy bacon type of guy). Cafe seems to serve motorway service station kind of food, but much better than the Ibis at Excel, certainly in portion size.So to sum things up, should you stay here if you are planning to visit London and the sights/sites? no probably not, its too much of a journey by DLR, but if you cant find anything in London and this place is cheap, and you can suffer an hours DLR/Tube into London then fine, but don't hang around the hotel, there isn't much to do here, and the TV is not much good.Should you stay here on business, and visiting Excel? Well, if the company you work for is yours, yes, who wants to waste money! If someone else is paying the bill, then no, get somewhere more expensive (Novotel/Ibis for example).Final thought, I can feel the bed springs, that's not impressive!	
Nov 19 2008	rooms are very smal	the rooms of hotel are very very smal if you are going to attend any exhibition in excel london then hotel is fine other wise it is not good hotel	
Nov 8 2008 	Close to O2!	We were looking for a hotel, which was close to the O2 Arena, as we were attending a concert. After looking at a few hotels, we came across Custom House Hotel for £49.95 per room, which was the cheapest hotel in that area on the day of our concert. We read the mixed reviews on Trip Advisor and decided that the more recent reviews seemed more promising than the earlier reviews and we confirmed our reservation through the website Laterooms.com.The hotel is situated right outside the Custom House DLR station which was great however there seemed to be building work happening outside the hotel which we weren’t informed about when we made our booking. When we entered the hotel the receptionist checked us in quickly. She mentioned that we had to pay on departure but we had to provide a copy of our credit card details to confirm our stay at the hotel which translated to me as payment in case we decided to do a runner! We asked the obvious question of “what approximate times do the builders start/finish every day?” and the hotel staff said they didn’t know. Personally I felt it was a question a lot of people would have asked considering it was happening at the hotel and felt they should have had at least a rough idea. Thankfully it didn’t really affect us as we were out in the evening and were leaving the next morning. The reception had lots of information for attractions and also a vending machine with handy items for guests during their stay such as toothbrushes, hair gel etc. The room we were given was a superior double room which sleeps 2 with breakfast not included. The room was en-suite, spacious, air-conditioned and clean. The beds were clean and comfortable and had 2 pillows with a spare pillow and blanket in the draws under the bed. The room had a wardrobe with hangers and a safe in the bottom of it which they hotel charges 2 GBP to use. There were tea and coffee facilities in the room with some biscuits, a TV with basic channels (BBC1 + 2, ITV, Channel 4, Five + TMF music channel), telephone, hairdryer, travel adapter &amp; internet access which the hotel charged 15.00 GBP!!!!! The bathroom was quite clean apart from the toilet seat which had a rather unpleasant stain on it. The hotel provided us with shampoo, soap &amp; a shaving port. The shower cubicle was pretty small as quite a few reviewers have mentioned but it wasn’t really a problem. We checked out at 11am and we had to wait a short while but reception apologised for the wait and proceeded in checking us out. Unfortunately they decided to charge me more than I was quoted on the website. Thankfully I printed out my Laterooms reservation and showed them how much I was quoted and after a quick chat with her manager, the receptionist said they were willing to charge me the price I was originally quoted. Overall our stay at the hotel was a pleasant one especially as the hotel was close to the DLR station and a short train journey to the O2 Arena and at a cost of 49.95 GBP it was worth the price.	
Oct 22 2008 	Bad value for money	I had to stay at this hotel as I was attending an event at ExCel for work purposes. Firstly, I must say that I would NEVER pay the £90 per night (for a twin room!) if I was looking to stay here for personal reasons. I think this is an extortionate price (even for London!) and was a rip off for what you got.The room was fine, i'd use no other word that &quot;fine&quot;. I stayed in a twin room. It was clean and the bed was comfy. There was tea making facilities, and the bathroom was small but fine.Now the bad points - there is nothing close by to the hotel except ExCel, so you have no choice but to eat at the hotel restaurant which is very overpriced (£8 for a burger and chips.) The room STANK of cigerette smoke, and it was obvious that someone next door was smoking even though it was a n/s hotel. i had to complain twice, but they continued and weren't removed from the hotel. The walls were paper thin and I could hear the next room shouting down their phone at 6am. The room was boiling hot, even when the aircon was on full and the windows were sealed shut. The shower was minute, you couldn't turn round when inside, and i'm a size 10 woman!The only good point is that it is very well located to visit ExCel, but the rest of it was just fine.Not great.	
Sep 29 2008 	I don't believe it	We read some bad reviews about The Custom House Hotel and found them to be completely unfounded. An extremely pleasant experience. The rooms were very comfotable, Staff were pleasant and obliging. The breakfast could never be faulted by anyone. We had fish and chips our first night, while my fish was cooked I had to complain about my wife's fish as it was 'slimy'. She was asked to choose another dish and was satisfied with that. The only complaint we had was that the bar did not stay open. I found that quite unusual for a hotel. Closed at 11p.m. Also didn't open 'til 5p.m. on Sunday.  Mr. &amp; Mrs. Stewart	
Sep 18 2008 	Very convenient for public transport	We got a good rate on this hotel through the Stansted Airport site.The hotel is directly across the road from a DRL stop (Custom House Excel stop - we accidently got off the stop earlier and got soaked in the rain, not a good start!).Reception staff were friendly and quick at checking in. Lifts to all floors, rooms are decent sized although the bathroom, in particular the showers are tiny! The Chinese restuarant is great, and the cafe place does good omelettes. We had to buy an extra suitcase while there, and staff in a nearby shop were happy to direct us to a big W further down the DLR line (we had no problem with the area at all).Bed was huge and comfortable, kettle and so on available in room. Over all a fine stay in this hotel.	
Sep 2 2008	Hotel 	We found our four nights stay at the Custon House Hotel more than satisfactory.Very good food in its restaurants.Hotel very clean.Reception staff very helpful and friendly.Location for the Docklands Light Railway Excellent.	
Jul 30 2008 	An 'in house' Chinese restaurant to die for!	Having read a lot of reviews on TA about this hotel I was in a mixed frame of mind prior to checking in. However quite obviously the management have taken on board various criticisms and addressed the majority of points raised.Excellent location for the Excel exhibition centre, Docklands Light Railway (Custom House Station is a minute away,) the Docklands airport and O2. Friendly and helpful staff from start to finish. Spotlessly clean room (276) though a little cramped (and short on coffee sachets!) and I'm glad I'm no heavyweight otherwise the shower cubicle could have been a real problem - see pics. IMO £15 a day for an internet connection is on the excessive side, however £10 per day parking in a monitored area at the rear of the hotel is reasonable for London. Space is limited however, and I certainly would not have wanted to leave my car 'on street' locally.The in house pub/cafe is good, food and drinks not expensive at all for London, and the staff are efficient and pleasant. The Chinese restaurant (The HO Lee) is a hidden gem, and a credit to all concerned. If prices seem a little high at first glance don't be put off - the food is of the best standard imaginable and the portions are generous to put it mildly, and served by some of the most attentive, efficient and friendly staff I have personally encountered in a very long time.My room provided an ever changing view - a real plane, train and bus spotter's paradise! With the double-glazed window closed the associated noise issue was not a problem however, and the air-conditioning more than coped with the heat-wave conditions at the time. My only real moan?? The pathetic, almost thin to the point of being transparent, poorly fitting curtains. Sunrise in London is a good few hours earlier than in my part of the world, and my body clock had not adjusted, so being woken up by sunlight pouring in at some (for me) unearthly hour was a definite downside to things - however suitably arranged hotel towels on the second night of my stay did the trick - shouldn't be neccessary though.	
Jul 18 2008 	Book a Superior Room	I only booked this hotel because it was cheap and near the DLR. I was slightly concerned having read the other reviews but had got a good deal on a Superior room on an internet late deal (£89).We only stayed for one night but it wasn't nearly as bad as most of the reviews would lead you to believe. The superior room- wasn't exactly plush but it was clean and comfortable. The bathrooms are modular and rather tiny but servicable. The bedroom whilst not massive was large enough for a short stay.Given the other reviews I would suggest anyone staying here uses the option to take a superior room.Breakfast was lovely. We paid for continental and there was plenty of choice available.	
Jul 1 2008	Do Not Stay Here.	I traveled to London, England with a group from school and stayed in a standard room. It was absolutely terrible. Do NOT be fooled by the website's &quot;nice&quot; images. They are misleading.The room smelled like smoke even though it was a &quot;non-smoking&quot; room. The bathrooms were literally made of all plastic and smelled like pee.The carpet was gross, towels thin, cramped place.The lights had to be turned on with a key.This hotel is way overpriced for it's quality. WORST OF ALL - some of my friends stayed a few doors down and at about 11 at night, they ran out of the rooms screaming in their undergarments because a DRUNK MAN was climbing into their window!! This hotel is in a TERRIBLE neighborhood and very very far away from the city centre.	
Jun 15 2008 	adequate	Just got back from one night stay at this Hotel, it has been refubrished and we found it comfortable and clean and adequate for the short time that we were staying the hotel, although a long way from the city, we were on a w/e break for the theatre and had to come back early as too far to make own way back, the staff were grumpy and not overly friendly, but the food (breakfast) was nice and plenty of it. It is near to the O2 for concerts and there is a tube station right opposite - do not be put off by previous terrible reviews as this place is obviously much better now it has had an upgrade after the fire.	
May 12 2008	Awful	Ok I the only reason I stayed here was because this was the hotel the study abroad program provided. We had no idea driving through the beautiful part of London we would wind up in this dump. Then it happened, we turned the corner and the bus entered the British ghetto. We didn't want to leave the hotel after my friend got harassed outside while she was on a payphone. The staff seemed grave and unhappy. The halls smelled like bad cooking and were painted the uglist colors. The springs on my mattress were shot, like someone was doing something on the bed for so long they just broke. When I called down and asked for an extra pillow I was told to look under the bed where I found the extra pillow, covered in hair. I never got another when even when asked. My friends had worse rooms. Stains on the carpet and beds, mattresses with no butt support (once again someone overdid it on there with paid company most likely). The bathroom was about the same size as one on a plane. The shower was a pod that I could barely fit in and I'm not fat at all. The shampoo fell off the soap dish and I couldn't bend down the shower is soo tight. I had to turn the water off open the sliding pod door then pick it up. The only good thing about the hotel is it's across the street from the tram. Thats it.	
Apr 30 2008 	Mediocre at best	The quality hotel is well situted for accessing the Excel centre it was however at the time (not sure if it has improved) very poor, the rooms were clean enough but there was no bathroom, just plastric port-cabin things in the room one a sealed shower unit and one a sealed toilet unit. Beds were small (I think 2.5 foot singles) and not very comfortable.There was no dinner on offer the breakfast was basic. The service was also not very good and it took about 30 minutes to check in.	
Apr 21 2008	Take your chances	The hotel was going through renovations, it had a fire the year before. Some of the rooms still smelled of smoke and others smelled of urine. The beds (twins) had broken frames so you were always sleeping in a hole. The food was good and the staff was fine. We were across the street from public transportation and it made it very easy to get to the down town core.	
Apr 20 2008 	Good for Attending Excel thats about it!	The only thing this place has going for it is it's close proximity to Excel.I participated in an exhibition at Excel and it was handy for bringing things over and back.As for the staff, they were pretty unhelpful in general.The bar food we got was ok.Its really more a hostel not a hotel. They really put the prices up when there are exhibitions on so they really don't have to put any effort in , they will get people anyway.Hate to say it but I'm going back this year again but just for the location , thats it!	
Apr 16 2008 	What are the 3 stars for?	My girlfriend and I stayed there for just one night (thankfully it was only one night!) I wish i had read some of the scathing reviews about this dump before we stayed there, as it was possibly one of worst 3* hotels i've ever had the displeasure of staying in! Upon arrival it was clear that the hotel is not situatied in the best of areas, thankfully there's secure parking which at £10 is'nt that bad. As soon as we entered it became evident that it had a cheap feel. It was around 4:30pm when we arrived and the were greeted by the smell of greasy fried food which was emitting from restaurant just next to the reception. The staff although competent, mumbled their way through checking us in. Did'nt see a smile once and really did'nt seem that forthcoming with any information about the hotel at all.We booked a Superior Twin Room for £69 and I can only echo the comments about the the decor being gaudy and slightly dated especially in the corridors, Teal and purple!! Whats that all about? The room itself was as far removed from the word 'superior' as you could possibly imagine and was rather pokey and the walls had lots of black scuff marks all over them? The curtains were a very thin linen meaning they were virtually see through and they didnt even seem to fit the window! The bed linen and room were generally clean although there was a strange large brown stain on the carpet...The bathroom was very small and the shower (with a broken door) squeezed in the corner, all seem rather weird. Cheap plastic fittings were order of the day!Thankfully we did'nt bother with breakfast as we had both seen enough to realise that it might would probably be shoddy and reading the reviews looks like we were right. At least we saved £10!Great location if you want a hotel near the Excel but i would spend a bit more money at one of the many other hotels that you can find a little further down the DLR. As for it having a 3 star rating i'd say expect 2 stars and you won't be too disappointed. Having stayed in similar priced/rated hotels elsewhere in London, the Custom Hotel is defintley over priced and poorly maintained. We certainly won't be going back	
Mar 28 2008 	An absolute nightmare of a place	Quite simply the most disgusting hotel we have ever stayed in.We booked an alleged executive twin room, a room so small that if you took your cat with you and swung it around you would batter its head on all 4 walls. A 156 room hotel with parking at the rear for a maximum of 20 cars when we visited. The pod like toilet/shower facilities look as if they have just been stuck in the corner of the room as an afterthought. Stains on the bed valances and sheets,no literature,lousy television picture,very sparse tea/coffee making sachets ( 2 of each) water from tap tasted awful. We were on the 5th floor so heres a good one, i rang room service to ask for an extra pillow, the reply was - would i collect one from reception when i passed by. We returned to the hotel at 11pm and we had to ask them to open the bar so we could get a drink. Worse still at 4am they decided to take an overflow from another hotel, the people who got the room next to ours never stopped talking,singing and shouting until by 6:15 we had had enough. We packed our bags and checked out, so i cant comment on the breakfast because we never had it. We only stayed at this hotel because it was near the O2 arena, we would have travelled 100 miles on a horse and cart over a cobbled road to get there had i known this hotel was this bad. Take heed of the other reports and stay at The Custom House hotel at your peril.	
Mar 24 2008 	Bog Standard Hotel At High Prices	Stayed at this hotel whilst at a business conference at the London EXCEL centre. The only positive aspect of this hotel is that it's close to the Exhibition Centre, otherwise it's a low grade hotel with bedrooms that are fitting of a youth hostel.The breakfast was very poor to the point that we didn't bother eating breakfast - dirty and grubby - just like a motorway service station.Avoid staying unless you want to be close the the EXCEL centre.	
Feb 22 2008 	Passable...at best	I stayed at the Custom house hotel in February, I chose to stay there because of its close location to the Excel exhibation centre.Upon arrival the welcome was luke warm, the receptionist helpful but didn't smile once or enquire about my journey.The hotel room was clean, but the bathrooms were an all in one pod, kind of like a superloo, not too bad, but not great. The beds were comfy though and I slept well and there were no disturbances.Breakfast was an all you can eat breakfast buffet, at £7.50 was good value, however the sausages were odd, just a shell and no meat in them at all!To sum up, the hotel caters for mainly business trips and is good value in that respect. The location for the Excel centre is perfect and would recommend it for a cheap overnight business stay.	
Feb 15 2008	Plastic pod like shower/toilet units in rooms.	In December we booked this hotel via a travel agent. We arrived late in the evening (10.30pm). Check in was prompt and the night attendant was pleasant. We were very disappointed with the room. Just inside the door to the right were two doors, one the shower cubicle and the next was the toilet cubicle. The toilet smelled of urine and both were a plastic pod like structure. The carpet in the room was stained and there was a sink in the room which was full of hairs. Behind the sink there was a build up of dirt/dust. We asked reception for another room but were told that there were no other rooms available.The bed was very uncomfortable with a very flimsy stained overblanket. The lighting was poor in the room. There were 4 hangars in an open closet for hanging clothes which were not strong enough to hold a coat... The coat kept falling down on the floor.We complained the next morning as we were booked for three nights. The reception staff were totally uninterested and simply advised us that no other rooms were available over the 3 days. We then headed off for breakfast..... the staff were unbelievably rude, did not even answer when asked for cutlery. The cooked breakfast room was too small for the guests so we were rudely redirected to a room at the end of the corridor which was even worse as they had no food left and this was very early..... People were standing around waiting for a seat, cutlery, cups. There was a coffee machine but no cups available for 20 minutes. After 20 minutes we left the breakfast rooms in disgust.I completed the customer service card left in the room and handed it into reception and asked if someone would contact me. Needless to say we never heard back from anyone. We enjoyed our trip to london regardless but I would advise anyone to avoid this hotel at all costs....	
Feb 12 2008 	Reasonable	After reading the reviews for this hotel I was abit apprehensive about staying here but needing a room at such short notice I booked it anyway. I was impressed that the hotel was right next to the DLR station, it also has an off licence, takeaways,cafe, cash point which are right around the corner. Next door is the hotel pub which serves food but didn't eat there myself and there is a lovely chinese restaurant on site, if you prefer to take out the staff kindly provide plates and cutlery.The room we stayed in was clean &amp; basic pretty much as we had expected, the bed was really comfy, only downside is the bathroom its really just a small plastic box. To be honest we got what we paid for cheap and cheerful, its a 3* hotel and thats the kind of accomdation you get. The staff could improve by being slightly more polite &amp; helpful.Overall though I'd probably stay here again for a day or two if I couldn't find anything in central London	
Feb 6 2008 	Good for the price	The Custom House is a good, clean, modern hotel suited mainly for business or short-stay travellers. It is 'functional' in that it provides the guest (in my case anyway) with a smart well kitted out room (such as tea/coffee facilities, TV, phone, internet access), - the bed was very comfortable as well. Apparently if you need extra pillows or towels reception will make sure you get them. The en-suite was a bit of a let-down though... it is a small prefab totally plastic construction positioned in the corner of the room... however, the shower is good and as I was only there for the night I didn't mind. The buffet breakfast is good, with both Continental and a decent full English to choose from.The only minor negative was that the plug was missing from the sink in my bathroom &amp; when informed the receptionist said that Houskeeping would fix it in the morning (ie. after I had got shaved!). I managed to improvise, and hopefully there is now a plug in room 453!For the price (especially if you book online) this hotel is really good value and I would recommend it.	
Jan 15 2008 	Wish I'd read trip advisor before booking!	Wish I'd read the reviews before I booked. Maybe I can save somebody from this experience. I found the Custom House Hotel link on the Excel website and I assumed it to be recommended.This hotel is more like a hostel it is very basic.The price is expensive for a hostel. But you think you've booked a superior double in a hotel so it should be okay. Oh god I'd hate to see the standard room. There was a general feeling of dirty. The reception the hallways the lift and the room (stains on the carpet!?!). Something I have never seen before was the security guard patroling the hallway (knocking on doors then entering?)Funnily enough that did not make us feel safe. It just alarmed me that it was necessary. The smell of damp in the bathroom wasnt being kept at bay despite the fan running all night. By the time we went for breakfast we were not expecting very much and we were not disappointed. The staff were okay but not friendly or helpful. Unfortunately we had two nights booked. I am now alarmed by one of the reviews that suggests you pay by cash. As I was asked for my card several times to verify booking and to pay. Such a shame because the Excel venue is excellent. Saving grace was a meal at the Crowne Plaza next to the Excel good food and good value. If we had booked earlier we could have got that for not much more than the Custom House of Horror.	
Jan 12 2008 	London Custom House Hotel Avoid!	Well, what do I say? We arrived late, our first room stank of smoke, so we asked to be moved. &quot; Not a problem&quot; they told us. Back up the elevator (very tired and battered elevator) we went to the 4th floor, no smell of smoke this bodes well. Now we can't get the door card to work to open the door!! Right, down elevator again, this time the night security man comes up with us, after re booting the card at reception. No, still no joy card is not going to play. Off down to the reception again, re boot the card and &quot;yes&quot; we get in the room. Bare in mind, this is supposed to be a executive delux room, the curtains were all wrinkled and the pulls were broken. The bathroom was a cubicle dropped into the main room (reminded me of French public toilets) and the shower, well, we are a couple of small human beings, anyone larger than us would have struggled to fit in, let alone shut the shower doors. The complimentary soap was that awful cheap smelling kind. The towels were so small tha they wouldn't even wrap around me. There was a strange stain on the carpet, not going to think what that was!The corridor paint work was chipped and the carpet had seen better days. The colours left a lot to desire and the lighting was bright flourescent tubes! Nice hey?Think you will have got the drift of my review, we paid £110 for room only, £10 parking for the day we spent at Excel. (That was the biggest positive about this hotel its within a stones throw of Excel). An expensive, over rated hotel, that didn't even match up to Travel Lodges at half the price. I am just glad we didn't have the breakfast.... Avoid at all costs.	
Jan 5 2008 	Cheap and Cheerful	The Custom House Hotel is situated in the London docklands a mere 30 yards from the Custom House Light Railway station, despite the regular trains and our room overlooking the lines we had no problem with noise. The room was small with 2 single beds one pillow and thin duvet each,the toilet/shower room was a plastic box in the corner of the room, quirky but usable although my wife prefers a proper bathroom, the heating didnt work the first night so the staff gave us an electric heater which warmed the room up well.The Burger grill was a bit smokey so we opted for the onsight chinese restuarant which was exceptional except for the 12.5 % service charge, I prefer to tip dependent on the quality of the service rather than have a fixed amount added to my bill. Breakfast was ok but a bit rushed as the hotel was very busy and the breakfast room was not big enough for the volume of guests. A day pass for the railway cost £5.70p and made getting round London both cheap and easy . If you take a car parking is charged by the day on a first come basis. All in all for a London trip I would say the Custom House Hotel was cheap and cheerful	
Dec 24 2007 	Don't bother	Pros: Clean. Convenient for O2. Lots of (uninspiring) continental breakfast, help yourself as much as you like.Cons:Despite booking two &quot;superior&quot; rooms three weeks in advance, with ages of children specified (i.e. that a 12 and 10 year old would have to share a room whilst the parents included an 8 year old with them), non smoking, on arrival it was clear that there had been no pre-allocation and we were given one room on the 1st floor and another on the 3rd! We pointed out that maybe this wasn't quite the best arrangement for our circumstances especially in the light of recent new stories that have domainted the press since the summer. After much muttered conversations and shaking of heads we were presented with adjoining rooms... which when we got there REAKED of stale cigarette smoke in a smoking area of the hotel. Back to reception, to be told there were no other rooms available. After a spell of firm but polite interaction, staff eventually found two rooms opposite each other in a non smoking area. Upon arrival the rooms are actually of their &quot;standard&quot; variety (Formula 1 style). But of course there are &quot;no&quot; other rooms available now...Desk staff not directly rude but clearly had no interest in acheiving anything but the path of least resistance for themselves.Staff at breakfast were curt to point of rudeness. Hot buffet not included in room price (no problem with that) but it was made bluntly clear that this was NOT permitted. That said, others were clearly ignoring the rule and the staff just weren't bothered to enforce it (despite their abrasiveness at the door!).Reflection: Wouldn't return. I am clearly naive enough to think that price should reflect amenities provided but a basic level of service should be expected whatever. I don't understand a system that pprovides for advance booking and requirement selection but then merely allocates on arrival anyway.Don't bother, and if you have to only book then take the cheapest accomodation going. Then fill your boots with the cooked breakfast if you feel as scabby as they are.	
Dec 13 2007	Needs 'a whole lot of love!'	We have stayed in London on a buget many times so are happy with a simple basic room and amenities. This however this was the prime example of how not to impress any visitors to our shores. I think some one had a job lot of purple and pink to paint the passageways. Not welcoming combination. The room was small and had a double bed with a bunk bed accross the top. Made of metal the end was supported by a sheet metal side which was the parition to the in room sink.The toilet and shower, which just about dribbled out, were plastic pods. Need to hang up your clothes just make use of the 4 coat hangers under the bunk bed.The fashion for stippling, rough plastering, went out in the late 1980's but not here. a splash of white paint and thats the decorating done!I feel the hotel was proud of it buget status and everything was of the lowest denominator, rooms, cleanliness and food! And it wasn't that cheap.Needing a quick meal before ging to the O2 for the Led Zep concert we made use of the Cafe. Big mstake the 'chief' dained to get off the phone and produce a micro meal that no self respecting truckers cafe would produce.We dreaded the thought of breakfast and we were right. Cheap nameless cornflakes,yoghert with nothing in Englishon the lable, scrambled eggs, that had never seen a chicken, and burnt to the bottom of the tray.Thank goodness we only needed to stay one night as the only useful thing was it is next to DLR to make the great escape.	
Dec 12 2007 	Don't Bother!	Well I would write a review on this hotel if we'd been able to stay there!We arrived after traipsing right across London, to be told there was no room for us. We had booked online 2 Superior Double rooms but this had not been upheld by the hotel. The staff on reception were of no help whatsoever, didn't seem to care and couldn't offer us a solution. Even when I made them aware that I was 8 months pregnant they just shrugged! Eventually after much arguing they agreed to put us up in a hotel even further East. So we declined we were far enough out of town already.All of this was a complete nightmare, especially as this trip was a weekend trip to celebrate my Father In Law's 60th birthday!	
Dec 11 2007 	Avoid at all cost	Location not bad for O2, Rooms similar to student digs but tidy, a little smelly. The problems started when we arrived having booked a superior room we were given a standard and told we would not be charged the superior price. On checkout I questioned this again and then told we would have to take this up with Lastminute.com. The hotel refused to provide any paperwork to substanciate my case but did later confirm we had been downgraded and offer a future free upgrade( not that we would return if they had offered a free room). The hotel would not refund the difference but Lastminute.com have offered a £20 e-vouchure.Take my advise pay a little more and stay elsewhere.Paid £68 for what was standard room.	
Dec 3 2007 	Never again	I'm not someone that likes to be negative about anything, but there was so much wrong with the room. We had booked a superior double room at £85 a night, which consisted of two single beds placed together and were not actually attached together even thought there was only one set of bedding so they couldn't even be taken apart or one bed wouldn't have had any bedding on it. Also, there was hair on the undersheet when we got there, and the bin was dirty.Me and my girlfriend had stayed over two nights, and it didn't make for a good trip (my girlfirend's first in London). It was so far from anywhere of much interest.A lot of other things irritated me, which incuded opening the curtains to find someone's office directly opposite, where they could look over to us, and we were told that there was nothing that could be done. We couldn't be moved, and we also couldn't get a double bed (they didn't own any) or split the beds (they had no spare single bedding apparently).I hate to say this, but I preferred a place in Acton town that I'd stayed in before for only £35 for a double room. PS - Would love to know what the difference between a normal double room and a superior double room is?	
Nov 12 2007 	Beware Fraudulent Practices - PAY IN CASH	I recently stayed at this hotel. The hotel itself was basic but adequate and excellently located near Excel. However, the problems arise after your stay. Upon leaving the hotel I settled my account by VISA card the hotel issued me an invoice for my stay and a copy of my credit card receipt. I thought no more about it until I received my monthly bank statement. A few days after I checked out the hotel debited 225 pounds from my account for a second time. I immediately contacted them expecting them to apologise for the error and refund my account.However, they now claim I had two rooms and they have simply charged me for them. I have of course appealed this and the fact that I settled my account and checked out without incident. I asked why they had not charged me for two rooms at this point? The accountant laughed. I have spent 10 days now calling the hotel to recover my money. I see from a more detailed review of Trip Advisor this problem of double billing has already been reported. I have now reported the hotel to the London Office of Fair Trading. I encourage other customers who have experienced this problem to do the same. If you must stay here pay in cash. You won't have the nightmare to recover money after your stay! I will now pursue this claim through my bank and if necessary the small claims court. Please be warned. I find it staggering that a company can fraudulently obtain money and the onus is then on you to recover your own money!	
Oct 16 2007 	worst hotel weve ever stayed in	We booked into this hovel, for a 3 night stay,on the 11th October,reception staff were rude and unhelpful from the start,although a couple of staff were ok later on, we weren,t even told where our room was,after giving us the key ,the receptionist turned to deal with another guest,leaving us to find where the room was ourselves,As soon as we got into our supposedly superior room,(glad we didnt book the standard room,) we discovered that the quilt cover had 4 rips in it.and the valanced sheet was dirty,the double bed we booked,was actually 2 singles pushed together,so the quilt didnt fit properly.The aircon switch was hanging off the wall,very dangerous, and the hospitality tray had been burnt,The carpets in our room were stained, and you could feel the springs in the bed,it was worn out,and very soft,it had definately seen better days,we booked a continental breakfast, the jams were put out on a Friday morning and by Sunday morning there were non left as they didnt refill them. the continental breakfast consists of bread,just dumped in a dirty metal breadbin, and a toasting machine that doesnt work properly, yogurts,fresh fruit, watered down fruitjuice,cereals,processed cheese strips,and very fat ham,we ate at the cafe round the corner,where you can get a good breakfast for under £5. we just had coffee at the hotel,everything else looked disgusting.we paid nearly £300 for 2 of us for 3 nights,I asked if it was a superior room,as we thought they had made a mistake,and was told it was, all the staff are foreign,and some dont even speak Englishwould we ever stay there again, no chance.	
Sep 19 2007	excellent hotel for the price	excellent price. good breakfast ecellent location to the city with the transport links	
Aug 22 2007	great location cheap	Firstly i have to say the location is great for the O2 venue which is why we were there and it was fairly cheap so maybe we were expecting a bit too much....On arrival there were police everywhere as someone had been stabbed at the take away next door. yikes!The reception staff were very helpful but slow. We noticed it seemed to be the same staff all the time so i think they work them long hours there which would explain them being slow!Our room was fine, no complaints, it was as described on the site but our friends room had obviously not been cleaned as there were hairs in the bed and the bin was full.... nice.None of the staff have English as their first language. My vegetarian sandwhich first contained tuna! then ham! so i decided to cancel that. The included breakfast isnt great but if toast is ok its bearable! Paying extra for the english was dissappointing according to our meat eating friends.So, take your own breakfast and dont expect too much lol	
Jul 30 2007	Good value for money.	Having read reviews, was abit uncertain about what to expect from the hotel. We stayed in a superior room, which we felt was good value for money. The room was clean, the beds comfortable, included were adequate tea and coffee facilities and a TV. The hotel is located across the road from the DLR station with trains running approx every 10 minutes so travelling back and fore the centre was easy. Our only complaint was the hotel bar closed at 11pm, and having returning to the hotel at 11:20pm from a gig, we were hoping it would have been open till later!	
Jul 25 2007 	Clean and tidy	After reading all the review over this hotel, I was a bit scared to go there.But it turned out to be a good hotel for the price. We had a quiet superior double bedroom on the fourth floor with englisch breakfast. The room was clean with coffee/tea facilities . Okay the bathroom was small but clean with clean towels everyday.Plus roomservice everyday if y wish.I missed by the breakfast a bit different yoghurts or fresh fruits, but over all the breakfast was good and plenty and give y a good start for the day.The staff was helpful and friendly.The hotel is brilliant if y go for the EXEL or CanaryWarf but too far for the city.Next time i would book it again :-)	
Jul 18 2007	great value for money	You get what you pay for and I have to say that after reading the reviews I was worried. However I found this hotel to be very similar to an Ibis we stayed at in Paris but much less expensive and with a better breakfast! Yes the bathroom was small, like a P&amp;O ferry bathroom, but adequate. The room was perfectly clean and had everything you would expect in this type of hotel. The staff were helpful and both the restaurant and the cafe served decent enough food. Breakfast was basic but plentiful. There was a lot of outside noise but this was not the fault of the hotel. It is ideally situated for the London Excel centre and the city airport which is why we were staying there. I probably wouldn't use it as a base to expore the city as you will have to hop on and off the underground and DLR. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 13 2007 	budget hotel	30 minuts to london center and we have to change from dlr to subway. It´s a budget hotel and we can´t expect more than this. clean but very saml berdrooms. We asked for one more blanket and the staff wasn´t very helpfull.The DLR is at the other side of the road and it as a bup and restaurant nearby. Good breakfast.	
May 30 2007 	Do not stay here. they double charge you for the room.	We had booked a prepay two day stayed at the hotel on May 3 and 4. when we arrived, we needed an additional day May 5. so we added that separately. However, when we got to the room, it had only one bed so we went backt to receptionist and ask to be moved to a room with two beds. They did moved us and redid some paper work. When we got back to the US and receivced our credit card bill, we were charge for the room that we stayed with two beds and was additionally charge for the original room (one bed) that we did not stayed in. I have called and told them the situation that I should get a charge back but they refuse and said that it was a no show charge which is obviously wrong since we were there and were charged. I'm currently disputing the charges with my credit card company. Regarding the hotel, it is in a terrible area and not safe. The service is terrible. The window cannot be closed and we had call for service to fix it but it never came.T. chung	
May 1 2007	Rude Staff Terrible Food need I say more..but I will	My friends and i stayed in this hotel on a school trip and the staff were unfriendly and really unwelcoming. The food was not even edible and a couple of my friends ended up with food poisoning! We were kept up half the night wiith noise of trains from the train station across the road from the hotel and from a group of other students slamming doors and running around the corridoors.i know it's cheap but do not stay in this hotel unless you really have to... infact don't stay here at all!	
Apr 16 2007	Don’t Stay Here	We booked a room with 3 beds for 2 nights for me, my wife and my 15 year old son. We were given a room with 2 beds! After a complaint to reception we were then given a room with 3 beds but it had not been cleaned and even the drawers had crumbled up biscuits in them. Another trip to reception and we were told that there were no other 3 bed rooms in the hotel, so we had to push the beds together and share also with 2 pillows.I went to the drink machine to get some water for my son and it took my money but would not give out the water. The next machine to it had the glass smashed out of it.There was also a party school kids running amok, shouting yelling and slamming doors.Yes, the hotel is cheap for London. but you only get what you pay for. Dirt and noise! PAY THE EXTRA AND STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE.	
Apr 13 2007 	Good clean hotel at an affordable price	The staff were friendly, the room was clean.You get what you pay for, don't expect the Ritz for £40 a night!, however it is well situated opposite the DLR, only 20 mins to Tower Gateway, the room and the bed sheets were clean, breakfast was ok. What we saved on staying in central London hotel prices we spent on doing things with the children.Would I use it again, yes.	
Apr 3 2007 	Living hell!	I agree with Lisa&amp;Matt - nothing short of a youth hostel for foreign students. I was woken up 5 times in the night by youths rampaging and yelling up and down the corridoor, one was even on a skateboard. The place is dreadful and I had a horrible stay there. The toilet and shower romms are moulded plastic units as you'd find in a mobile home and the toilet stank of stale pee. Power shower? Gentle sprinkle I think. The breakfast was abysmal - it was in a tiny overcrowded, oversubscribed room and I had to share a table with three of the foreign &quot;students&quot;. There were cups for tea and coffee but no saucers, watered down juice, three types of cereal (most of which was all over the floor), a miniscule continental buffet served from a shelf in a cooler cabinet, which you couldn't get to because of the crowds. I resigned myself to a bowl of soggy cornflakes, luke warm machine coffee ina cup with no saucer. Apparently you can upgrade to a full English breakfast but where I could do that I have no idea as it certainly wasn't in that little room. I couldn't make the staff understand me anyway as they seemed to be 99% foreign student types as well and all others were not particulalry helpful. I emailed them and complained about my stay &amp; asked for a refund but they've declined to respond. NEVER AGAIN.	
Mar 27 2007	Full of noisy teenagers on a school trip	The hotel was pretty much as we expected given it is so cheap for London (£40). It is basic but clean and has a TV and coffee facilities in the room, with a pub and restaurants attached. It is across the street from the DLR station, so you can get to Canary Wharf in about 10 minutes and into the city in 20 minutes. Our complaint is not about the hotel, but about the guests who were staying down the hall from us. A large group of school kids were running amok slamming doors, yelling, smoking cigarette after cigarette on a non-smoking floor, and setting off fire alarms. This was all happening after midnight on a Monday night. We complained three times. The guard went to see them several times and threatened to kick them out, but their chaparones where no where to be found to quiet them down. They must have been in another part of the hotel, blissfully unaware of the chaos their charges where causing.The door slamming and yelling finally quietened down, only to start again aorund 7am when they woke up.Because of this group, I definitely won't be staying here again. It's cheap and close to Canary Wharf which is what we were looking for if we want to stay overnight in London mid-week, but we'll take our business elsewhere.	
Feb 8 2007	Not a good experience	I was shocked at how poor this hotel was. Several of us stayed here because of it's close proximity to the Excel Exhibition centre. That is all it has to recommend it.This hotel looks alright from the outside but is neither clean nor friendly and is more like a hostel. It is in a very run down part of London which feels fairly unsafe should you need to travel at night. The rooms we had were intended for 3 people, but thankfully we only had 2 per room. They've pushed together 2 small single beds and split them with a large wooden divider. Coupled with a third bunk bed overhead, this feels very claustrophobic. The shower and toilet are prefabricated plastic cubicles not unlike caravan utilities. There is no toilet seat and no brush, and the hand basin is in the far corner of the room. Not user friendly.The mugs for tea and coffee were dirty and we found an inch of dust and rubbish under the chest of drawers (see pic).The staff were indifferent, although the gentleman organising breakfasts was very helpful.All in all the experience was unpleasant, and we will definitely avoid it in future. I recommend that you do too.	
Jan 29 2007 	Poor Rooms Awful En-Suite 	Stayed in the hotel for a 2-day Business Trip last week. The location is good for the Excel but useless for the City and involves changing from the tube to the DLR or a change on the DLR. The staff were unhelpful when checking in and provided no information at all. The rooms are very basic, the en-suite consists of a plastic toilet cubicle (worse than on a plane), a shower cubicle and a sink bolted to the wall in the room. It was cold, draughty and noisey. However, it was clean. When I arrived I had no towels and the coat hangers were missing! Recep then managed to provide me with just two hand towels. It did only cost £60 per night but I have managed to find much better hotels in London for much less! Will not be staying here again.	
Nov 28 2006 	Good for ExCel but that's about it	RoomsThe room was advertised as a 'Superior Double', what we got was a small basic room - the Hilton it most definately isn't. The room consisted of cheap looking furniture, a small TV, an open wardrobe with two hangers, a squishy bed, an aeroplane-style bathroom (innovative in it's use of space) and a rather tired nylon carpet.LocationWe were at an event at the ExCel arena and this hotel cannot be faulted for location, it is literally across the road. I think it is the nearest hotel to the arena, which meant no messing around with taking tubes or parking.The hotel is located in a dodgy run down East End area. I chose to park my car on Ethel Street, which is directly behind the hotel, although I did so apprehensively. The morning after we saw another car's window smashed and plenty of suspect characters milling about, so I'd suggest biting the bullet and paying the £10 daily charge to park in the secure hotel car park or park in the ExCel arena's own multi-storey for £9 per day.StaffWhen we checked in, I encountered a strange situation. The receptionist presented me with a printed bill, which I found odd because I had already paid £60 for the room through an Internet site a week previously. When I saw the new bill came to £35, I was a little perturbed to say the least.When I mentioned to the receptionist that I had already paid for the room, he hastily said this was the 'wrong bill' and sheepishly took it away. It was obvious that he was lying. Although angry about being charged almost double the price, I would have settled for the truth rather than a lie.The restaurant and cleaning staff were efficient, but don't expect decent service or even a conversation from them.FoodThe Custom House Hotel's idea of continental breakfast is a choice of three cereals, orange juice, tap water, machine coffee, yoghurt and cheap bread, which was adequate but they're not going to get any Michelin stars here.To sum up, we only stayed a night and didn't spend much time in the hotel so if that's what you plan to do then it's fine. Plus it was the cheapest hotel in the area. But if you're planning to stay for longer than a night or like your creature comforts then steer clear of this place.	
Nov 20 2006 	The worst hotel in London	This hotel is like a turd in gift wrapping. It looks fine from the outside, but inside it's disgusting.The 'superior' room that I was allocated had cheap, nasty furniture, a plastic sink screwed into the corner of the room and separate toilet and shower rooms made from moulded plastic that looked like public conveniences. The furniture made the room look like a ferry cabin and it was about the same size. It needed a good paint - or firebombing.The heater, table (again plastic and screwed to the wall), windowsill and telephone were filthy and there were some pretty dubious stains on the carpet too. The bedding was polyester.The 'continental' breakfast consisted of a choice of 3 cereals, some hard boiled eggs and cubes of cheese plus some yoghurts that were clearly not made anywhere in an english speaking country. A bargain for £4.50. I was glad at least that the lock on the door worked, because the rest of the clientele were, quite frankly, terrifying.The staff were indifferent at best.Stay here at your peril.	
Nov 9 2006 	If you are attending Excel it's great value	Myself and eight colleagues have just returned from a four night stay at the Custom House in standard rooms and I have to say that overall (and we are all in the travel industry) that we were happy with the stay - the hotel was clean, the staff were reasonable ( if you are okay with them, they are okay with you), rooms are fun (all of ours had over twin beds and a bunk above, wich is great!) The bedding was good quality, tea and coffee in all rooms, bathrooms are modular pods, but clean and functional and although breakfast isn't great - it's what you would expect for the price.The best thing however is the LOCATION - We were attending World Travel Market at Excel. The hotel is 4 minutes walk from the main entrance - after years of travelling in from Central London which at rush hour can take some time and effort - it is fantastic. Any concerns around the hotel are pushed out of your mind.If you do need to go into central London you can be in Bank in 15 minutes or for the west end, change at Canning Town to the Jubilee Line to Green Park and it will take 20-30 mins off peak - ideal.All this for around £60 per night incl breakfast - bargain!!!	
Oct 5 2006 	You get what you pay for	The only saving grace about this hotel is the price. The room and ensuite were very cramped, hot water can run out, noise from the bar below was a problem and the staff were unfriendly. Very basic, reasonably clean, but cheap for London.	
Sep 21 2006 	Very Very Good Value	I booked this hotel - and then I read the reviews - &quot;oh my god&quot; - there was extensive usage of phrases such as &quot;tramps&quot; and &quot;yobs&quot; roaming the streets, shocking service and sub standard rooms - I have to say I experienced none of the above, what must be considered when evaluating this hotel, is that it is located near a big Expo centre, which means the core of the hotel’s clients are business people for the centre, so the hotel offers a range of restaurants and cafes catering for a range of tastes, and the surrounding area is not that important, which I have to say “regents park it isn’t” – but for £50 I got a room with breakfast, air con, a large screen modern satellite enabled TV and the room was fresh and very clean. It is situated 2 minutes from the DLR and it took me 15 minutes to get to Bank station – my review was based on a three night stay in a superior room - overall think an above average Travelodge room	
Sep 3 2006	Don't do it!	Wow! Where to start?? Yes, it's true that this hotel is located across from the rail station......but it is a good 30 min ride to the center of London and it involves a switch to the tube. This hotel is too far away from anything! The neighborhood around it is very depressed with boarded up buildings and lots of trash everywhere. The room itself is ok.....except for no A/C and a very strange pre-fab bathroom. Kind of like you'd expect to find in a motorhome. The breakfast was ok but nothing special. I would never stay here again because it is just too far from ANY attraction. If you're spending so much money to visit London...why stay in a location so far removed from anything to see? There is nothing to do here at night and it didn't really look safe to venture out at night anyway. This hotel is so far from London that the morning we were leaving our bus driver was 45 minutes late because he couldn't even find the hotel. Don't stay here. I'm sure you can do better just about anywhere else!	
Aug 30 2006 	Basic but clean - area not for the faint hearted	The hotel room was basic but spotlessly clean and good value for money - it is very cheap for London. I had read other posts here and was quite worried about the cleanliness, but really I wouldn't have stayed there if the room had been dirty or smelly.The Docklands Light Railway station is directly opposite the hotel and so getting into the city wasn't a problem. However, the neighbourhood was quite run down and a bit scarey! The car park at the back of the hotel is very expensive at £10 per day (or part of a day). We decided to park on a residential street around the corner from the hotel and nothing untoward happened to the car. We didn't feel too safe walking around the area at night, so we ate in the cafe in the hotel. It didn't have a wide choice of food and there was a lingering smell of greasy chips. Breakfast in the hotel dining room was pretty basic and a do-it-yourself affair.On the whole if you want a cheap, clean place to sleep and you're not put off by the neighbourhood then the Custom House would be a reasonable choice. Personally, I won't be going back!	
Aug 2 2006	Not Good	When I checked into the hotel, check in was quick and pleasant. On my way to my room I noticed the corridors were in need of a good paint, they look tired and dirty. I had booked a Standard Single Room, when I saw the room it was quite small &amp; dissapointing, when I rang reception to see if there was a better room, they told me that I was already upgraded, and the room I was in was the upgrade. The en-suite was like a porta cabin onto the room, which did not smell pleasant. At the time London was in the middle of a heat wave, there was no air conditioning in the room, so I rang reception to see if I could get a fan sent up to the room, and I was told that they didn't provide them, no effort was made to make my stay any cooler. I had to stay there for two nights, during the time I spent in my hotel room I melted. It was extremely uncomfortable with the heat, even with the window open it made no difference. There was vending machines in the corridors for cold drinks, it was empty. At breakfast, it was a canteen style arrangement, where you had to make your own coffee (which was instant!) There is a chinese restaurant in the hotel. I got a take away dish which is a dish I would always order in a Chinese restaurant, I couldn't eat it, it was not a nice meal. I ordered Duck &amp; Orange Sauce, which is what I got, but was not edible.	
Jul 30 2006	Ghastly	I knew going in that this hotel was a problem but I had no choice as it was booked by the tour company which caters to students. The worst were the cubicles - one for the toilet and one for the shower- and the sink across the room. The neighborhood's only saving grace is that you can quickly escape on the DLR.We were kept awake by street thugs under our window shouting at some girls. They desk was called numerous times but did little. It was steaming hot (no A/C in our room) and we had to close the window as we were afraid they were going to throw rubble from the street construction through the window!	
Jul 23 2006 	The worst hotel i've ever had the misery of staying in	I booked this hotel on the internet to stay the night before going to an event at ExCel the following day. It looked clean and modern and advertised on site parking, ideal. Upon arrival after being met by two tramps swigging beer sitting outside the main entrance, and another strange character sneaking a bottle of cider into the hotels bar (the adjoining &quot;pub&quot;), I first asked about parking the car having found their car park with the gates shut. I explained I wanted to park before checking in as I was parked on double yellow lines (you can't stop outside the front). This seemed to annoy him and he slowly started checking me in whilst my friend was in the car. The brusque tones continued with the added air that im a complete idiot...it turns out their car park was full, (its now 4pm), but theres a car park over the road, 2minutes walk away. Fine. So i check the room quickly first and notice the air con isnt working.I come down to be met with disdain and moved to a dark hot room on the 4th floor; the aircon works this time, but only with your keycard in the slot provided. So off I go to park the car. The 2 minute walk was 20, and we didnt get lost, I was not impressed as i'd explained that was the main reason I booked here in the first place. Oh well, so we trudged back with our luggage and off we went out. We arrived back at 11.30pm and fancied a nightcap but no! No drinks and even more (different) rude ignorant staff. I said I wasnt happy at this after I booked a 'superior' (3 star I was told!!) room, and most hotels I have stayed at have a residents bar, to be, essentially, completely ignored. But there was more to come...We got to bed at midnight or thereabouts and slept ok, with the puny air conditioner on full, but at 4.15am someones car alarm started going off. Tired we tried to ignore it but at 5am we could take no more and we complained to reception. The annoying thing was upon check in you have to give your car registration number whether you are in their car park or not, as did I, parked 20minutes away. But it had apparently been going on since 3.30am and in that time they had still not woken up the car owner and got them to switch it off. We complained again ten minutes later by which time half the hotel was awake and shouting out of the windows. We decided to leave at 5.15am approximately as did several others. We explained that we were not paying for a service we did not receive (a nights' sleep) and the other matters of the rudest staff ive come across, misleading website, faulty air con, lack of parking to be told: &quot;you cant do anything we've got your credit card details&quot;. Lovely. Then he just ignored everyone. Eventually the truth came out that they let anyone park there overnight and that's why a) they couldn't wake the culprit up and b) I had to park 20 minutes away despite arriving at 4pm. I eventually got the room for half price, which I accepted as we just wanted to get the hell out and go home. We missed the motor show as we'd have to have waited around there (angry and tired) for over 4hours til it opened. A pointless waste of a weekend, our money, and fuel getting there. Truly abysmal, never again, avoid like the plague and if you are desperate and this is the only option may i suggest you join the tramps at the front entrance with their bottles of cheap cider you would be assured a much more pleasant nights' sleep.	
Jul 21 2006 	Basic very hot but OK	Myself and my friend stayed here for one night as we were seeing A-ha in concert at the Excel Arena. The location was superb - directly opposite Excel and the DLR station. The hotel itself was a bit on the basic side though. The room was quite small and the beds very narrow - although the bedding was all clean. The toilet and washbasin smelt a lot and there was some &quot;dodgy stains&quot; on the walls throughout the whole room! On the plus side the shower was surprisingly big ( and clean). My biggest gripe was the heat - it had to be 100 degrees plus in the room - ok i admit the weather has been hot - but it would have been nice to have had air con or at least a fan! The breakfast was ok - just your normal English breakfast buffet. Overall i would rate our experience as &quot;OK&quot; - i've stayed in better rooms but also stayed in worse - but for the price i can't complain too much.	
Jun 10 2006	Small rooms go with small price	I stayed in the Custom House with a large group. We were there for two nights. After flying into Heathrow, it was quite a drive to this hotel. I will ever complain about traffic in my town again. I wasn't surprised that the rooms were so small since I had checked on this hotel before my arrival. The bed was surprisingly comfortable to me and the room was clean. We were located right across from the railway station and my room faced it. There was no noise to contend with though. The pub attached to the hotel offered a bit of entertainment for our group for both nights. Don't think you can drink all night though. They close it pretty early and we even had them flicking the lights on and off to get us out of there. The breakfast we were offered was simple but filling. We also had some snacks in the restaurant on the ground floor. The food was simple and not too expensive by London standards. All in all, we were pleased. Looking back, this hotel was the Ritz compared to our Paris hotel.	
Jun 6 2006	Pretty awful..but cheap	Well I should have guessed after it coming out so cheap compared to others in the area. Probably rats as one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in and I have travelled around the world. Even worse than some places in Nigeria which is not something to be proud of.The rooms are tiny and our carpet was filthy. The loo and shower are a homage to the god of plastic rubbish. No loo seat even just a spray downplastic box basically. The bed was ok and the bunkbed would have come in handy had our 5 year old been travelling with us! Just felt really really cheap and nasty (which was probably its only saving grace). Breakfast was a joke using the cheapest of ingredients and I hated walking the corridors. Obviously they couldnt afford underlay so the carpet was directly on top of the concrete...YUK. Felt ashamed to think all those coach groups of american tourists must have thought there had been a mistake with their booking to have to end up there.The hotel location was good for us due to being 2 minutes from the Excel centre for an exhibition we were visiting and great transport links into London city via the Docklands light railway and one change at Canning town to get on the Jubilee tube. Takes about 40 minutes to get right into the heart of the city I guess. So overall very poor although the staff were friendly enough. There are an abundance of hotels on the DLR stops and if I had to go to the Excel centre again I would rather pay a little more and stay in a better hotel than this. Have a look around and try any of the other new hotels that have sprung up in the area instead of this dump.	
May 28 2006	Not good	Stayed here in March 2006 and must admit to being disappointed even if it was cheap. The room was dirty and noisy. The staff were unfriendly. The breakfast was ok but we found ourselves having to wait for tables as the restaurant was small. Ive stayed in better hostels. However, on the plus side its cheap (dont book direct, book via hotel reservation web sites to save money) and its right next to the DLR so access into London is easy. The area is like a demilitarized zone but the DLR makes the location acceptable. Its a bad hotel to stay in but it does have the DLR and price as saving graces.	
Apr 17 2006	Gross	The room looked nice and i couldn't wait to take a hot bath. After a nice soak, I looked up to get a towel--it had some sort of horrid yellow sticky smelly substance on it, which may have been some sort of human discharge. It was about five inches in diameter and no way anyone could have missed it when hanging up that towel. It was almost as if it were deliberate. I complained to the front desk and was asked if I wanted another towel.I then spoke to the manager who grinned and shrugged.I even wrote a letter but never got a reply.	
Mar 19 2006 	Awful like student rooms	Ok lets get things straight!! Reception staff were overall friendly and polite. Room, wc - smelt of urine, shower - trickled out water it was ok but certainly not good, bed - was comfortable I did have a good nights sleep in it, breakfast - like an obstacle course food not good, ie yoghurts were a foreign make and you couldn't read what flavour they are! All other items didn't look appetising at all.As for security a car got broken into while i was there, window smashed and someones belongings all over car park. Car park is not free its 10 pounds per day to stay there (not a bad price for London)I moved to the Ibis over the road and it was alot better.I wouldn't stay here ever again	
Jan 2 2006	Excellent! Nice staff clean and comfortable (affordable)	We stayed at the hotel for the London New Years Celebrations, the hotel is adjacent to the Docklands Light Railway which runs very frequently, connecting passengers across London. The staff were nice and helpful - nothing seemed to be too much trouble!!!The parking was secure and easy to use at £10 per day. The receptionist is always by the phone and is always willing to help. Conclusively, the hotel is central, cheap but supportive to it's purpose. 9/10!	
Nov 17 2005 	Fantastic Budget Hotel	Whilst visiting the ExCel Exhibition centre, my wife and I needed somewhere close by to stay.The Custom House Hotel met our budget and we made a reservation. I am so glad we did.No this hotel wasn't the Ritz or the Savoy, but for the price we paid we had a safe, clean room with a comfy bed in which to sleep. We stayed in a Standard Room and the shower had plenty of pressure and was hot - lovely!!! The room had wireless internet access and a televison, with enough tea and coffe to see us through. All of the hotel staff were polite and very helpful. The 2 minute walk to the exhibition centre was very convenient, as was having Custom House station immediately opposite.The Victoria Pub next door was very comfortable with a brilliant atmosphere and it served food all evening. Breakfast - which we had included in our room price - was plentiul, hot and edible.To summarize the Custom House Hotel is a safe, clean, comfortable, budget hotel that we would definately stay at again.	
Nov 15 2005	Better than expected	Having read all the reviews here I took all the advice that was offered and asked for a room at the back of the hotel etc. We were pleasantly surprised. The room was quite large, quiet and the bathroom was fitted out for the handicapped with special rails and wide door etc. Only criticism of the hotel would be the temporary breakfast eating room (new cafeteria being built) furniture in particular the seat covers, which needed a good scrub down.Everything was basic but very clean, the staff were very pleasant both the maids and the front desk staff. We had no problems at all with this hotel over the six nights we stayed. Location is not pretty but we were not there much during the daylight hours. Very handy to the DLR andCanary Wharf eating places only a couple of stops away. Travel time into Tower Gate underground station about 25 minutes.	
Oct 12 2005	OK	You pays your money you take your chance.Reception: knew about my booking, were polite and gave me correct directions to my room. Only 1 out of 2 lifts worked for the entire week, so it was often quicker to walk up/down stairs than wait.Room: Was spacious enough for a double bed and a desk. Portable TV on the wall, shower, sink and toilet - nothing fancy but all worked and was clean. The room was cleaned every day and the bed made with clean sheets.Only minor problem was that the window directly overlooked the station, so I had to make sure curtains were closed all the time.Noise from planes taking off/landing at London City airport thoughout the day.Breakfast - Typical English greasy fry up, or cheese ham and coissants. (Make sure you get breakfast included in your rate, as they charge something like 8 pounds which it is simply not worth). Tables are sometimes slow at being cleaned and the breakfast room can get very busy. Restaurants - Site has a couple of restaurants, neither of which I used, but there is a pleasant pub next door which does food.I visited the Chinese take-away round the corner which was good. Theres also a Chip shop and Kebab house along the same row of shops.Area: It is not the best of all areas, after all it is the East End of London, but I didnt see any trouble when I was there. Probably wouldnt recommend lone females walking the streets after dark - but the same can be said for any city.Transport: Hotel is opposite Custom House Excel underground (DLR) station, and beyond that the ExCel exhibition center.Takes about 20 mins to get into London city. 10 minutes to get to Canary Wharf. Trains run every 10 minutes during the day.Swimming Pool and Gym: Closed down.Value for money: I paid 40 pound per night. Not bad for being 20 minutes from London. I would compare it to a travellodge or Holiday Inn express.Overall: Not a bad place to stay, its cheap enough and with no frills. It is clean and the staff were polite and helpful.	
Sep 13 2005 	Great value and tidy rooms	Upon arrival at the hotel I found secure and free parking at the rear of the hotel and the staff were friendly and helpful. My room overlooked a courtyard and was very quiet. The room had all the facilities that I required and was clean. The bathroom was on the small side but fully functional and tidy. The rail station was just opposite the hotel and it was easy to make connections into the city the next day. A great breakfast (full english) was served until 10am. It was only £50 for the night, great value!	
Jul 18 2005	wouldn't return	Having read comments on here i was apprehensive , as im quite laid back about most things. However, i arrived just before 2pm and was told there were no rooms ready as they were too busy, i was advised to go to the pub and wait for upto 2 hours. i didnt take up the kind suggestion, the chap was blunt to say the least, no apology. I waited for an hour and a half, in the meanwhile 7 people were booked in and a coach party. So not sure why i couldnt book in. So not a good start. The room was basic, and more comfortable than it looked, the only problem i had with the shower was that the water came through at a trickle. The road outside the hotel can be VERY noisy with cars speeding down it, and drivers that dont seem to know what a zebra crossing is for. I had the window open as its been very warm..at times me and my friend had to shout at each other to be heard. So maybe air conditioning would be a good idea. The housekeeping staff were excellent. The links to the centre of london are excellent also.	
Jun 14 2005 	Good Value in Docklands	Good budget option at around £40/night via the usual discount websites.Standard rooms (whether booked as a single, twin or triple) have a double bed with an additional single bunk above, whilst the Executive rooms have Twin or King beds, a better shower/bathroom and generally nicer fittings. A great deal if you're lucky enough - as I was on my second visit - to get an upgrade, but probably not worth paying the extra if you're on a tight budget, as the Standard rooms are perfectly adequate. All rooms are en-suite, medium-sized (by London standards) and very clean. The immediate area around the hotel is not very exciting, but Canary Wharf (10 mins) and Greenwich (about 20 mins) are easily accessible by DLR. Probably too far out of town (30 - 40 mins) for those who wish to be near central London, but this hotel is far better than similarly-priced central hotels. If the location suits you, this is a good medium-standard option.	
May 16 2005	Very noisy place!	I spent two nights at the Custom House Hotel last month.The room was alright - had tv, hairdryer, tea and coffee etc - though the bathroom was like something from a mobile home (caravan) and seemed to be prefabricated.Some of the staff on the desk were very helpful, others less so.The breakfast was quiet good but the room is small and crowded, and, as someone else mentioned, if you leave a glass of juice on the table while you go to get a piece of toast, there's a good chance it will have been cleared away by the time you get back!The biggest problem for me was the noise. My room was on the front of the building, with the road and DLR right outside. There is a bar and restaurant downstairs and that bar was open until 2 am on Sunday morning. Streams of intoxicated people left the bar one after the other, shouting and generally being noisy, then there would be the slam of a car door and off they would go, only to be followed by the next group of drunks. The windows in the rooms are not double-glazed so it was impossible to sleep. Won't go there again!!	
May 11 2005	Good clean cheap friendly.	We had three nights in the Custom house prior to departing on our return journey to OZ. For the price it was remarkable value. Close to the Docklands Light railway, it is ideal for visiting the area, and London generally. The staff were more than helpful, the place was spotlessly clean, and the rooms, if small wer at least soundproof!The grub, in both the pub next door (good pint of &quot;London Pride there) and the Chinese resturaunt, was both good, and good value.Those who have complained about this place either have delusions of what the price would get them elsewhere, or are total gits.Well worth the money, we'll definitely return.	
May 3 2005	Brilliant way to end a UK holiday.		
Apr 5 2005	Good value		
Mar 24 2005	Amazing Value		
Mar 21 2005	Relieved		
Feb 26 2005	Pre-fabricated hovel		
Feb 19 2005	Good Value For Money		
Jan 31 2005	A really poor hotel		
Jan 11 2005	A rare mix of incompetence and arrogance		
Apr 8 2004	great value for money		
Feb 19 2004	A great value hotel		
Nov 16 2009 	Hotel normal muy bien situado para EXCEL		
Sep 25 2009 	Gut + günstig-aber weit weg entfernt von Heathrow		
Aug 18 2009	Sehr sauber		
Aug 9 2009 	Hotel très correct pour Londres bon rapport qualité prix malgré sa distance du centre de Londres		
Jul 31 2009 	Excellent hôtel !		
Jul 16 2009 	N'y allez pas !		
Jul 10 2009 	Excelente relación calidad-precio		
Apr 11 2009 	moderne et bien situé		
Jun 1 2008 	Bienvenue à Londres		
Feb 29 2008 	Hôtel modeste		
Oct 21 2007 	Muy limpio y bastante centrico		
Aug 27 2007 	Super sejour malgré le temps de transport pour se rendre en centre ville		
Jul 29 2007 	ottimo se dovete stare nellle docklands		
