	stay somewhere else	We spent 2 weekend nights at the London Guards and could not wait to leave. The receptionist barely spoke to us when we checked in..we had to ask about breakfast times, check out etc. and were given one word answers. We stayed in a quad room that smelled like my grandmothers attic. Luckily our next hotel in Edinburgh had laundry facilites because our clothes all smelled musty. My daughter fell badly on a wet floor coming downstairs one morning (no signs posting it was wet) and the 3 employees who were watching didn't say a word or try to help. Unbelievable. The Lancaster Gate tube stop was also shut down so it wasn't even convenient. The breakfast was sufficient and the servers were polite. This is about the only positive thing I can say about this hotel. There are too many other options in London to stay at this hotel.	
Nov 18 2009	Best cost hotel in London	Its not the Ritz, but in my opinion the best value London accommodation. Larger than normal rooms which are clean, have tea/coffee facilites, a safe with breakfast included.	
Nov 1 2009 	decent	The hotel is in a great location. walking distance from Padington station. The room was clean and there was a fridge, but the shower was old and not the best experience. for one-two nights in a low price I would recommend, but not more than that.	
Oct 26 2009 	Safe location next to Hyde park	I would definitely recommend this if you are looking for a nice, quite, reasonably priced for the area, place to stay in London. The location seemed very safe for tourists. The rooms were large and clean. The continental breakfast was nice. It is close to the Swan Pub for excellant fish and chips. The steps to get into the rooms were quirky, but it was definitely better that I had been led to expect for this type of B&amp;B in London. I would definitely stay there again!	
Oct 20 2009 	Dissapointed If I'd Paid the normal rates	Easy to get to from Paddington Train and Lancaster Gate tube station and a stroll from Hyde Park, a few local shops and a Fullers pub. Arrived to a reception full of luggage and the guy on reception assumed that as I was within earshot of the previous guest that I wouldn't need to have the same info repeated when I checked in i.e that the bar was shut beacuse it was Sunday. Double Room on the ground floor was average size for a London room and it soon warmed up once the heating was on. Agree with previous reviews that the hotel/rooms could do with bit of TLC inc the bathroom and the portable TV in the room must have been around for a bit as all the symbols had worn off the remote! (thought a LCD TV was a given in this star hotel). Saying that the room was clean and laid out with fresh folded towells and toiletries in the bathroom. Not the quietest room (G3) including the fridge in the room which whilst useful did wake me up a few times during the night. Got a double room for £45 (against the £135 rack rate) which was a bargain through a Hotels site (via Trip Advisor) so the rating is based on that price and it was last double room available. If I'd paid the full rate, I would have given it a 2 rating and I'm not convinced staying longer than a couple of days would be a great experience	
Oct 16 2009 	Charm and character	We spent a week at the London Guard and had a great room on the top floor! This is an older building with wonderful charm and character. The beds were firm and comfortable and everything was clean. The lift worked and we didn't have to walk down miles of corridors to get to it. The continental breakfast was more than adequate including a variety of cereals, yogurt, fruit, toast and croissants. The staff were all very pleasant and helpful. Internet was available in the lobby for 1 pound for 30 minutes. We have stayed at several London Hotels and this is definitely the best for the money.	
Sep 20 2009 	London Guards is on guard for your comfort	Thank you to those whose positive reviews led me to this great value hotel a stone's throw from Hyde Park at Lancaster Gate. It may be a little worn, and the lobby may be navy blue and pink, but this is a very clean, honest, budget hotel with staff who are friendly and helpful, even after working a double shift...We booked a twin, and got an L-shaped room (301) with a double and a twin, tv, desk, and spotless bathroom with a bathtub. Towel rack heater in bath was a plus, as was the mini fridge. Paid 50 euros on Hotels.com.Breakfast, served in the basement, includes a great choice of cereals, toasts, and nutella. Orange juice is industrial-strength gut rot.Tip on flushing the toilets there - push the lever down hard, and hold...hold...hold.Coin internet, passable but a bit slow - there is a big internet café near Bayswater tube station.	
Sep 18 2009 	Great location - comfortable enough	We stayed at the hotel for 2 weeks - the breakfast had enough that you could go several days before it got boring. The location was awesome! One block from Hyde Park to start or end the day with a relaxing stroll. Close to Paddington Station to walk once you take the train from Heathrow.The room was nice and clean - and had lots of space for luggage and purchases. We had our own bathroom which had a tub with a shower.We don't really ask a lot of the staff at the hotel - clean the room and make the bed and we are happy. The front desk was useful the one time we asked for information.This hotel is great for having a great location and a comfortable place to sleep. If you are looking for a place to relax and spend lots of time in then not the place for you.	
Sep 13 2009 	Nice location old hotel can't complain	When we checked in the desk clerk couldn't find our reservations, luckily we'd brought our reservation confirmation and they were able to find us a room. Our room was very small and it had only one double bed for my wife, 5 yr old daughter and I to share. The carpets were stained and looked dirty enough my wife wouldn't walk around barefoot. The bathroom was small, but the shower had maybe the best water pressure I've ever experienced in a hotel. The rather cramped bed was comfortable.We liked that the room had a small refrigerator. The maids gave us fresh towels each day. At night it was very quiet. There is a complimentary continental breakfast.The best thing was its location. It is only a few minute walk to the Lancaster Gate Underground station and Kensington Gardens (which is a great place to take kids who are tired of sightseeing). From the airport it is a single transfer on the underground (from the Piccadilly line to the Central line) to get there. Notting Hill is 2-3 minute underground ride or a 15 minute walk. This puts stores and inexpensive restaurants nearby. If we go back to London we'd consider this hotel again but probably only stay here if it offered the best deal.	
Jul 30 2009 	Other reviews are accurate - I got what I expected.	I chose this hotel based on other tripadvisor reviews and I was not disappointed. I have no other experiences with London hotels, but it was pretty much as expected: clean but tired furniture and decor, a lift, plumbing that worked, a basic continental breakfast in the basement dining room, and staff that were reasonably pleasant and helpful.Our quad room on the ground floor (semi-basement) was next to the main airconditioning units which were noisy, and the bathroom was a bit musty, so we asked to be moved to another room, which they did. I think that this room was probably one of the poorest located in the building, so we were a bit unlucky. The replacement room on the first floor was excellent. Note that the double beds creak loudly and are a bit on the firm side. Very quiet neighbourhood, plenty of cabs down the street, great central location, and a variety of restuarants &amp; shops in close walking distance. Given the price and the age/style of the buildings, I thought this was fair value with no major annoyances or disappointments to spoil our stay of 6 nights..	
Jul 26 2009 	Ok hotel for short stay	The rooms are quite small, but most hotelrooms in London are. We had a problem with the room being a bit cold, no heating. The location is great, close to Hyde Park and Lancaster Gate station. For short stays this hotel is ok, but for longer trips I'd rather pay a bit more and find a hotel with larger rooms.	
Jul 23 2009 	Satisfied	We stayed in 3 different rooms at 3 different times. The first was large, but stained carpet and torn wallpaper. The second was very pretty and large. The third was fine, but small. People were friendly and breakfast was enough for us. For such a great location and in an old townhouse, this place is fine.	
Jul 20 2009 	Good location 	Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights after Scandinavian cruise. This is an average hotel that disparately needs renovation. Our room had a good size, was clean and had all the necessary things. What we liked the best about this hotel that there is a Russian restaurant downstairs! Food is great and not expansive. This is a family owned restaurant and the owner and his family are very nice and pleasant! A lot of Russian celebrities visited this place! If you would like to try Russian food this is the perfect place!!! Name of the restaurant is &quot;Erebuni&quot; - www.erebuni.ltd.uk	
Jul 14 2009 	Great location and value for money	The location of this hotel is very good and only a 5 minute walk from Paddington station. The street it is situated on is quiet and quite pretty. The rooms are a bit tired looking but they were clean. The staff are friendly and really helpful, they changed our room to one with a bath with no problems. Breakfast was good too. Little venice is about a 15 minute walk away so we took a stroll there on Sunday morning. The Swan pub has live entertainment on Fri, Sat &amp; Sun nights which we throughly enjoyed. I thought for the price we paid this was a great little hotel for a long weekend away and i would defo book it again.	
Jul 12 2009 	Good no frills accommodation	After being warned of exhorbitant costs of accommodation in London, I was relieved to find the London Guards on Tripadvisor. Arriving at Paddington station, with no idea of its location, I found it within 15 minutes, thanks to helpful people I asked (including one Aussie!) It is in a quiet square, just a few minutes walk from Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park, Lancaster Gate and Queensway tube stations, and both Hop-On-Hop-Off bus pick up points. Breakfast is basic but adequate, staff helpful, and will book day tours, etc. My room was clean, quiet and comfortable. Being an older lady travelling on my own, I felt safe at all times.	
Jul 11 2009 	Great location and value for money.	Knowing room sizes in London are very small was pleasantly surpised by room 110. Had a bath and toileteries, even a/c. Comfortable bed, tea and coffee facilities. Hotel has a lift and no smoking rooms. Staff very pleasant and helpful and spoke reasonable english. Close to Kensgington Gardens and Lancaster Gate tube station. Would stay here again if come to London. Friday or Saturday night might be noisy on outside street windows when patrons come out to smoke late at night. Consider it good value for money.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great value for money	Like some other reviewers I chose this hotel because of its proximity to Hyde Park as my friend and I were attending the Hard Rock Calling concert, and location wise this was perfect. Lancaster Gate tube is a couple of minutes walk and Hyde Park is at the end of the road, with the Lancaster Gate entrance only a few yards away. There are a couple of great pubs in the local area – The Mitre in Craven Terrace and also The Black Lion at Lancaster Gate, and the hotel itself also has a Russian bar downstairs.The hotel looks a little tired and chintzy, but all it needs is a lick of paint and a bit of modernization. It was clean &amp; quiet and the staff were friendly &amp; helpful. The hotel were happy to look after your luggage free of charge if you arrived early, or if you needed to leave your bags for a while once you’d checked out.Our room number was M1 and we paid £69 per room per night for 2 sharing, and this price included breakfast. In comparison to some other hotels in the area, this was a bargain. The included breakfast was continental, but was more than adequate, and I have to compliment the breakfast staff particularly as they were really lovely.Please understand this is a 2 star hotel, so if you book it expecting 5 star luxury then you will be very disappointed. However, I liked this hotel a lot, so much so I booked it again for the following week.	
Jul 7 2009 	Good value	This hotel is a bit shabby, but it's location and room size make up for that. It was clean and comfortable with great airconditioning and a basic but edible breakfast. I would stay again.	
Jun 30 2009 	AVERAGE!	Had high expectations after reading all the reviews on tripadvisor (which was one of the reasons I chose this hotel in the first place!) The second reason being that I wanted a hotel close to Hyde Park as we were going to Hard Rock Calling held at the Park. Anyway, the location was great for that reason, but very little else. It was very warm over the weekend, and unfortunately, so was the London Guards Hotel! We were'nt expecting air-con, but windows which actually opened would have helped! The rooms were old fashioned, but the only good thing in it was a fridge which was very handy as it was so warm! Breakfast was 'continental' which consisted of boxed cereals, two choices of juice, cheese, yogurt, toast and 'croissants' which were hardly authentic! On our first morning, there was also a couple of apples and bananas on offer, but sadly none on the second! We were on the first floor, and when we came out of our two rooms and walked down the stairs, we were greeted with the sight of the laundry room with bags and bags of dirty laundry on display all over the floor! Not very welcoming! But I have to say the hotel was clean which is very important, but if you do not need stay in the area which doesn't have much facilities around, then I would suggest you look elsewhere.	
Jun 29 2009 	A wonderful hotel....	Value for money, very helpful staff and comfortable room. Breakfast was good with a variety of cereals and the staff there were nice. Located in a quiet and beautiful area, it is a short walk to Hyde Park and the Queensway area where one can get food and plenty of souvenirs... The Lancaster Gate tube and Paddington station are also within walking distance.	
Jun 8 2009 	It is cute and sweet	We were very happy with this hotel. It was a descent price for London, but I'm sure you could find better. It is very clean and comfortable. We liked the decoration and the breakfast was acceptable. The staff was friendly and helpful. It was a bit hard to find at first but it is about a 10 minute walk to the tube and hyde park. It has plenty of small shops and restaurants nearby. Overall, it is a good hotel, in a quiet and safe neighborhood.	
May 24 2009 	Great Hotel for the money	No complaints.comfortable,friendly and polite staff.Nice breakfast.Added bonus of Russian bar down below serving till all hours apparently.At this price you can&quot;t go wrong,across the road from Hyde Park.Definetley stay again .	
May 8 2009 	central charming value for money needs better staff training and it could be a first class hotel	we were given Room M2 which was beside and below a school party. the noise was terrible. the first morning we were awakened from our sleep at 6am with them jumping off beds. when we returned at 5pm that evening balls were bounced off walls and doors banging. next morning was worse. it began at 5am. the staff didnt seem too bothered and one surly male receptionist glared at us for complaining. we were saddened by this as the location, rooms and breakfast were super . we woulde go again but would request a qwuiter room.	
Apr 26 2009 	Thought it will be good...	After reading all the reviews, thought this hotel will be really good for one night stay!!!As we were travelling with friends, booked two double/twin rooms!!!As we got there, we asked for rooms next to each other or at least on the same floor, but our request was refused!!!Friends got lovely room on 1st floor with double bed, but we got room on second floor with THREE SINGLE beds with no chance to get two together!!!!! I was ready to go downstairs and argue, but my partner said - never mind, thanks God we're staying just for 1 night, we can't ruin our holidays arguing in hotel, so we spent night seperated. Don't understand how dull you must be to give a couple a triple room!!!Staff in breakfast room was nice and breakfast overall was ok!!!	
Apr 14 2009 	Cheap but maybe not worth it.	My husband and I stayed at the London Guards Hotel for three nights in March 2009. What can I say, it depends on what you value in a hotel. The hotel is some what easy to get to from Paddington station. There are two lines near the hotel to use to get into downtown London. It is across from the park and is on a cul-de-sac, which made it very quiet. The room was small, but clean. The breakfast was the bare minimum. The staff was the real issue; they had no clue how to get to any of the major site, nor where to eat. Even when asked the simplest questions they seemed annoyed, like their only job is to check you in…strange.Good note is just a quick 10 minute walk is Bays Water Street which has tons of restaurants. I personally will never stay there nor would I strongly recommend anyone else to, but if you want somewhere cheap and do not require any amenities, then this might be the place for you.	
Apr 6 2009 	OK now this was a bargain...	Ok, my partner and I stay in London a lot and always pay arounf £150 a night for central West End locations, we booked a night at the Radisson Edwardian Sussex for last Saturday night but on Friday we decided we would travel down that night, get a travel inn or something cheap, so we would be in London early the next day.OK, the room was very large and fairly clean. The bathroom was huge. There was a little noise during the night but nothing too major. The building is what I would expect from a 3* and the location isn't too bad, still in zone 1 after all. Here'e the thing, for bed and breakfast, this place cost £35 for a double room!! How cheap is that?! The last time I paid that little for a hotel it was for a box room in a B&amp;B in Blackpool! Obviously worth every penny if you can get it for this price!To be honest I probably wouldn't go back, because we do prefer a little luxury, but if you're on a budget in London this is definitely somewhere to consider.	
Mar 19 2009 	Excellent Value For Money	Stayed on 16th and 17th March. Room was sufficent, bathroom also. Was surprised to see this bearing in mind the normal shoebox size of both in these sort of London Hotels. Breakfast fine, flexible on when you take it and the location is wonderful, right opposite the entrance to Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park. At £62 per night, you can't go wrong.	
Mar 8 2009 	Nice central hotel - good price - great location	Stayed here for two nights on 2 &amp; 3 March 2009 with my mother. Hotel was easy to find, at the top end of Lancaster Gate on the right hand side. It has a red door.We were allocated a great room - very large by London standards, which was clean, quiet, had an ensuite bathroom, fresh clean towels every day &amp; lots of soap/shampoo sachets, excellent hairdryer, coffee/tea making facilities which were replenished daily and a fridge. Decor was a little dated but this gave the hotel some character. I don't understand the previous complaints about the inclusive breakfast - ther was everything a continental breakfast should have and plenty of it! Lovely fresh orange juice. Location of the hotel was good - 5 mins walk from Lancaster Gate tube station and yes you can see Hyde Park from the hotel - just!We will be staying again next time we're in the &quot;Big Smoke!&quot;	
Feb 28 2009 	Great Hotel great location	If your looking for a hotel that is affordable, nice, had breakfast, and has a great location, your search is over. We were traveling with a group of 4 (2 couples, 27 - 30 years old), and elected to stay in a family room with 2 double beds. The rooms are very nice, don't expect state of the art decor, but clean comfortable rooms that the normal traveler will find more than adequate. The staff at the hotel was very friendly, especially the breakfast staff. The continental breakfast is not elaborate, but it is enough to save you a meal and some money each day of your stay. The location in my opinion cannot be beat. The hotel is 2 blocks away from the Lancaster Gate Tube stop, which is on the central line. On your way to the Tube, stop by the Swan Pub for a good beer and very good food. The biggest plus location wise is the fact that the hotel is directly off Hyde Park, which is beautiful. Hotel guests can walk through the park to a number of tourist sites. Give this hotel a try, you won't regret it.	
Feb 15 2009 	Charming	This was a very charming hotel above average for a three star hotel. We had a charming familyroom(difficult to find in London). Very big for London. It was clean with a lovely view of Hyde Park. The staff was friendly and helpful. Everything worked perfect for example late arrival, working some minor problems out . Breakfast was a bit poor but ok. The location was just perfect and very quiet area.	
Feb 7 2009 	Amazing value for money!	I booked a single room but was upgraded to a double room which was huge and had a couch! The room was in the basement, but I didn't mind. The building is old and has a lot of character, but the room was very modern and clean - digital TV, well heated, air conditioner, etc. Breakfast was basic and good - fresh fruit, toast etc.Location is good - near the Lancaster Gate underground station or near buses which go to Piccadilly Circus in one direction and Notting Hill in the other direction. Also walking distance (about 10 minutes) from Paddington station - where the Heathrow Airport trains come to and go from. You can also walk through Hyde Park and be at Harrods in about 10 minutes. Nearby Queensway has a lot of good cheap Chinese food.The internet is a bit expensive, I recommend that you walk down to Queensway (5 mins) where you can get 1.5 hours for a pound.	
Jan 29 2009 	Great family room	Stayed here with 4 children 18 to 10 years old. Hotel is well located, and the large family room(there are two of them the same), was fantastic value for money (for London!). Hotel and rooms are clean, and well set up. Staff are very accomodating. Breakfast is good with a full English upgrade available. Pubs, restuarants, laundromat all handy, and a 100m stroll to Hyde Park - great.	
Dec 27 2008	Our Experience	Staff very friendly , the conditions of our room was very pleasant unfortunately if you happen to stay at Room # M1 BE AWARE of all night long activities in the room above , perhaps Room # M3 , loud disturbing noises throughout the night and management did not take appropriate course of action , it seems to be a working room .Other than that this hotel is located in a very tranquil area of Western London , in close proximity of the every popular Hyde Park , and conveniently sells fabulous tours of historic London . Recommended.	
Oct 21 2008 	Great location Quaint Hotel	Our family enjoyed a pleasant stay at the London Guards. The family room catered very well for our needs, was nicely decorated and the location of the hotel is wonderful for the sites of London and situated in an attractive quiet area. We found the breakfast to be ample with a good selection. Would highly recommend for a family trip to London.	
Oct 12 2008 	Take your chances!!	What an odd experience we had at the London Guards. We booked for two nights -- exactly one week apart. On our first night, we were given a room that was just fine. Very nice view, clean, comfortable, nice large bath. I was actually going to right a very good review upon my return. On the second night there we were given a room that almost seemed to be in a different hotel. It was the worst hotel room I have ever had - anywhere! The bathroom was moldy and the shower was so small that the curtain kept sticking to me. Think twice before taking your chances on this hotel.	
Oct 11 2008 	Had two rooms One OK One not OK	We where a family of four that stayed for 4 nights in October 2008.One room was nice. The other room had an OK bedroom, but the bathroom smelled terrible. A lot of mould at the roof, but the most smell came throug the waterlock in the floor. ( We tryed to fill it with water, but that just improved, not removed the smell)It was not possible to turn on the heat in either of the bathrooms, hotel policy we where told. If we had not had this room with this bathroom, we would have given the hotel a rating Above average.Both rooms where nicely cleaned each day.Breakfast was better than what we expected based upon other travellers review. Very polite and helpfull staff in the breakfast restaurant.	
Oct 3 2008 	Great Value for a London Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the London Guards Hotel for 10 nights. The hotel is in an excellent location for getting around London. The tube is very close and Paddington station is not a far walk away. The area is safe to walk at night, great pub close by (the Swan) and shops where you can purchase snacks to take back to your room. Our room was large, very clean, had a fridge, coffee/tea, a safe and quiet. If you are wanting something fancy, this is not the place for you. But if you want a place to sleep that is clean and convient...this is it!!! The breakfast room had great friendly staff. Enough food to get your day started...very adequate.... great yogurt!! I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone. When returning to London again, I would book with Expedia and the London Guards hotel. It was a great experience.	
Sep 28 2008 	Wish we could have stayed longer	Arriving at London Guard hotel around 10am after arriving from Australia on a late flight into Heathrow, we found the check in quick and pleasant. Unlike many hotels, we where not required to pay until check out.The lift was handy to get us to our room with four cases, back packs etc. Our family room was pleasant, clean, spacious, and the two queen size and one single bed where so comfortable we slept soundly and woke refreshed the next morning. The bathroom was roomy, clean, everything worked and there was clean soft thick towels each day.Hyde Park being so close we went for a nice walk through the park before breakfast. The breakfast staff where so thoughtful with the boys making them hot chocolate specially, instead of the tea and coffee offered to us. Breakfast was the usual continental serve your self style, which we found good quality plentiful enjoyable food. The girls served us with hot drinks and promptly cleared and wiped the tables as guests finished and left the room.There was free internet access for our laptop in our room and also free computers down stairs in the lounge. Desk staff where helpful and pleasant.The hotel is close to bus services, which run along Bayswater road either to Notting Hill, Marble Arch, and further. Paddington is quite close, Little Venice is just a bit further where a canal boat ride is worthwhile and an enjoyable ride going up to Camden town.The location of this hotel is such that most London attractions are easy accessible by foot, bus, tube or canal. The London Zoo is also close by.There are plenty of places to eat either locally or just up the road at Notting Hill.We had a lovely three day stay from 28th June until 1st July and wished we could have stayed longer.	
Sep 23 2008 	Don't pay in advance!	Zoom Airlines went out of business. I had three hotel reservations booked in London and Amsterdam. One of the London hotels (Luna Simone) let us out of our reservation without charging their posted 20 pound per night fee. The Amsterdam B&amp;B (Boogards) also released us without charging a penny. London Guards hotel, however, KEPT ALL THREE NIGHTS PAYMENT. Now, I will say that their cancellation policy was very clear (no refund, exchange, etc for the special internet rate), but I still feel that they have taken advantage of a bad situation. We were not in a position to fork out another $2500CDN to replace out tickets to Europe, and we expect to go in the next 12 months. We asked if they would consider giving us a credit towards our future trip. Their only communication was to send their policy page to us. We gave them over 3 1/2 weeks notice. VERY POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE. You can understand that when we do travel, we won't be staying at a place that is happy to get doubly paid for their accomodations.	
Sep 22 2008 	Loved It	Ballina, Australia. We stayed at the London Guards Hotel for Ten nights ( Partner and 11yr old Daughter). We have no complaints, we were terrified after reading hundreds of reviews for London Hotels and were so happy when we arrived at the London Guards - Its not 5 star but it is in a beautiful location close to Transport, restaurants etc.The staff were friendly and helpful, the staff in the breakfast room were really sweet to our daughter, we were kind of sad to leave.Our room was huge and it had a fridge, which is pretty rare in London. Would definately recommend this Hotel, just have to remember that it is a 3 star Hotel and if your expectations are really high go to the Ritz.	
Sep 13 2008 	Disappointing	We stayed in London for 3 nights. We found our stay at the London Guards Hotel to be disappointing.The hotel is conveniently just outside of Hyde park and very close to an underground station - this was very nice. The rooms are old and in a desperate need of upgrading. It smells funny and wall paper is falling off the walls. I found little black hairs in my bed. The breakfast was extremely basic... but food is food. We stayed here for $200Canadian/night and it was by far the worst (and surprisingly most expensive)hotel we stayed in all of Europe.	
Sep 11 2008 	Good hotel exceptional value for money	Meand my girlfriend checked into the London Guards Hotel at very last minute through laterooms. We've stayed twice, for £45 and £35 and both rates included breakfast.Both times the rooms have been comfortable (1 huge and 1 small - average size). It's very clean and tidy with generous tea / coffee and toiletries provided.You always get the odd tripadivsor reviewer comparing London prices to elsewhere and expecting much more for their money, but in my experience and given the Paddington / Bayswater location, the London Guards Hotel offers exceptional value and safe, clean accommodation for a night out.	
Aug 24 2008 	Good location mediocre accomodations	This hotel offers a nice location near Bayswater tube and a short walk to Hyde Park. Hotel facade is appealing, however rooms and public areas are run down, ie. old carpets. Room was small, but comfortable for a couple - bathroom was full sized and clean. Small fridge and TV are nice additions to this modest room.Very basic continental breakfast is complimentary. English breakfast is offered at a cost, but better to experience the full English breaky at a pub or restaurant nearby - plenty of options at lower prices. Decent value for someone looking for a clean bed to sleep in at night and not caught up in decor.	
Aug 2 2008 	Great Location	We booked this hotel with our flight to London. The hotel is older but very clean. We found our room to be fine - nothing luxurious but we were only there to sleep. Toiletries and hair dryer were provided and ironing board brought to the room upon request. We arrived in the morning and they were able to get us in right away. If this had not been possible - they would have taken our bags so we could begin our sightseeing. The staff was very polite and helpful. A very basic continental breakfast was provided. This was not much to speak of but considering we didn't know that it was included - it was OK. We loved the location - very close to all transportation yet out of the bustle and congestion of the city. 2 blocks from bus or tube. I would stay here again without question. Good value.	
Jul 30 2008 	Great value great location	My wife and I stayed at the London Guards Hotel for 5 nights, 2nd -6th Jun and approached it with fingers crossed after a couple of duds in Europe. Great loaction at Lancaster Gate, minutes from the bus and tube, 5 minutes from Hyde Park. Good hotels and cafes within 10 minutes walk, clean, bit old and tired but for a value hotel in central London, we enjoyed it, helped by friendly staff. The breakfast is adequate. Another tick for the travel agent.	
Jul 15 2008 	Great rates clean rooms	We planned our European vacation down to the last detail, and researched every hotel very carefully. We had excellent stays everywhere we went, but I was a little nervous about this hotel, the last one where we would be staying. It was a pleasant surprise. We booked it long ahead of our trip and got an excellent price. The neighborhood was clean and felt safe. There was even a decent pub and small convenience store nearby. We travelled with our parents and booked two rooms. Both were very clean and spacious. The breakfast was good, not great, but met our needs. The staff were helpful, and we enjoyed our five nights here. I would stay again.	
Jul 1 2008 	OK for the price	Our party of 10 (4 kids--6 adults) stayed here for 6 nights during the 2nd week of June. Beware of the vast difference in room size. 2 or our 3 rooms were VERY small, the 3rd room was HUGE, actually more like a small apartment. Breakfast was simple, but adequate with cold cereals, yougurt, crossiants, toast, butter, jam, juices, milk, hot coffee and hot tea. Staff was polite. LOTS OF STAIRS to navigate, elevator is very small. Showers were good, but water was cold some days. service in all three of our rooms was very good. Shampoo, soap all provided--but remember to bring your own washclothes! 2 pay computers access the internet. Cost is around 1 pound ($2.00) for 1/2 hour. Subway station less than 1 block away. Hyde Park is also very close, VERY nice place to take the kids, go out for a jog or a nice walk. Nice area, we always felt safe. The hotel is located in a quiet area with many other hotels that seemed equal in price and value.	
Jun 27 2008 	Quite Nice	Very nice room. Furnishings were fresh and comfortable. Nice full bath. Very convenient location to Lancaster Gate Tube and restaurants.Staff very alert and helpful.Very basic breakfast.Good,safe, Quiet area across from Kensington Gardens.	
Jun 27 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed for a full week. Had booked a Twin room but on arrival had been allocated a double. This was upgraded to a triple room and was really spacious. Amenities were excellent. Breakfast was more than adequate, and kept us going nearly all day. One or two mornings were a little hectic-- too many people and too few tables, but what is a little wait? The staff were very friendly and helpful. Will DEFINATELY stay here again. Dianne HODKINSON . Cheshire	
Apr 25 2008 	Good location poor service	We were four people (2 adults and 2 children), we had a stay in this hotel in April, 2008, for 4 nights. The hotel is quite well located, not far from Lancaster Gate metro station. We had booked a quad room, which was large and quiet, with 2 single beds and one double bed. The bathroom was clean and ok. The cable TV had only 2 TV channels with very bad quality. The breakfast is clearly a weak point, with little choice. The hotel staff is not welcoming at all, especially at the reception. To summarize : well-located but poor service	
Apr 16 2008 	London hotels are expensive; London Guards good value for money	Booked the London Guards based on previous reviews. It turned out to be exactly as we expected - basic,clean,convenient.If you leave Lancaster Gate tube station and turn right (Hyde Park will be on your left), keep walking along Bayswater Road until you come to a church on your right - the hotel is behing the church in a quiet cul de sac.We arrived early morning before a room was available but we were able to leave our bags and return later. On the day of departure we also left our bags at reception. We found the reception staff helpful when we asked for information - otherwise they left us alone which is quite acceptable to us. The breakfast, while basic, was adequate and while the staff weren't exactly bubbly they were efficient. They even brought extra tea bags when I said the tea was too weak!The room was clean - plenty of coathangers! The pillows were thin - I guess as a moan that wouldn't rate!As for London - there is so much to do and see. We took a bus trip on the Big Bus Co. It was no great shakes, but the walking tour which was included was definitely worthwhile. If you want to economise you could skip the bus trip and just pay £5 for the guided walk which leaves from Trafalger Square.	
Mar 14 2008 	Full of character	We have just returned from a three-night stay at this hotel, and had a very enjoyable time. The twin room was clean and spacious, the only niggle being that there were just four coathangers in the wardrobe - if you find it hard to travel light like me, you may want to pack a couple of hangers. Beds were extremely comfortable, and the full-size fridge was well stocked with little pots of UHT milk to go with the coffee and tea provided.All the staff were very polite and helpful - we were greeted with towels when we first arrived in the middle of a downpour, which was a nice touch. Breakfast was basic, which is what we were expecting, having read previous reviews, but for the price we paid, we did not expect too much. The coffee had an unusual taste - instant would have been better - and there was a bit of a queue at the toasters, but everything was clean and supplies of cereal and juice were topped up regularly.Minor moans - we were woken one morning by a noisy family above us who seemed to be rushing around in their room packing at about 5.30 in the morning and were certainly not making any attempt to keep noise levels down, and several times doors were slammed and goodbyes yelled when people returned to their rooms at night, but the hotel can hardly be blamed for a few guest's inconsiderate behaviour. Overall, a lovely little hotel with a lot of character, and a great location.	
Mar 9 2008 	Excellent location	We stayed here for a 3 night break with our 6 year old son during February. We choose it due to favourable reviews and its location - across Hyde Park to the museums and walking distance to Paddington. The hotel is easy to find and quietly located. We regularly walked to Paddington for the tube or to eat (very large choice of restaurants). Lancaster Gate tube station is very close along Bayswater Road.Our triple room (ground floor) had an interesting layout with stairs from the bedroom up to the bathroom and tea making facilities. The room was clean and tidy, the bathroom was large though sink had no plug but used the bath one! Breakfast was included and was very nice - cereals (even the rice krispies and cornflakes tasted like branded versions not cheap catering types), croissants, toast, yoghurts, tea/coffee (top ups offered) and juices. Our son was offered hot chocolate and hot milk also. We don't eat full fried breakfasts so this was exactly what we wanted! The staff were fabulous - I firmly believe it's how you treat people that determines your service - smile and say good morning and a thank you after and I'm sure those less satisfied may have found their experience most enjoyable! Front desk staff were exceptionally helpful. We thoroughly enjoyed our trip - it was superb value at £91 per night total b&amp;b for the 3 of us. We have rebooked for late July and can't wait to go back.	
Mar 7 2008 	The Worst Hotel EVER	Myself, mother &amp; daughter booked 3 nights in early February. We were booked into a triple room on the top floor. The elevator was a very old, scary, small frieght elevator with carpet on the walls. In our room the 3 single beds were mattressses on wooden boxes and very uncomfortable. The TV was on top of the wardrobe with poor reception and the remote did not work. Worst of all the bathroom reeked so bad of sewer I was gagging. After a few hours I called the Front Desk and told them we would be leaving the next day. I said although the room wasn't what we wanted, I would pay for the next night because of early check out.By midnight the first night, my daughter became very ill and I called the Front Desk to ask where the nearest hospital was. The Clerk kept saying 'I do not know this'. I finally asked for a taxi and was shocked when a private town car picked us up. I asked for the nearest hospital as I was almost carrying my 16 year old. He drove 3 blocks and dropped us off telling us to just walk down the alley to St. Marys, and charged 20 pounds!!My daughter was treated and discharged at 8am and we returned to the hotel. I told the Front Desk we would be leaving at 3pm as we were paying for that 2nd night anyways and he said fine.When we came down at 3pm he told me the manager said i had to pay for all 3 nights as I had not confirmed we were going. I was amazed!! This is the same clerk I had spoken to every time. I asked for the manager and he said he was out and was not sure what time he was returning. What a crock!! I left a message for his manager detailing my feelings and took my sick kid and elderly mother out of that hole!As a Manager of a hotel on Vancouver Island I was horrified by everything we experienced at this place. We moved to a great little hotel in Chelsae and paid an extra $10.00 and had a wonderful experience. We returned home to find a form letter from the London Guards thanking us for our stay and urging us to contact them if we return to Britian. I would rather be buried alive. Go elsewhere.	
Feb 19 2008 	Quiet hotel in good location	I booked this room on the internet for myself and my two children (13 and 11) for a short break in London. The hotel was clean and all the staff were pleasant and very helpful.Breakfast was included and it was a cold buffet, fairly limited; toast, cereals, fruit juice, yoghurts etc. No cheese, meat or fruit.The room we were given was very small but clean and in good repair. The hotel is very quiet at night, there is no road noise at all and you wouldn't know you were in central london even though you are walking distance, accross the park, from Harrods.It was good value and I would stay here again.	
Feb 11 2008 	You get what you pay for	Having read the previous reviews and booking the London Guards we were left wondering who had actually written some of the extremely positive comments?! That is not to say it was bad just not as good as we had hoped. The good points were the location (2 mins walk from Lancaster Gate tube), the size of the room (huge with 5 beds (!) - 2 doubles and a single), it was in a quiet location and was clean. However the hotel was somewhat dated and in need of a bit of an update. The desk in the room was made from a leftover bit of kitchen worktop (rather out of keeping in what was once a lovely old building I'm sure), the lift was out of order (despite being directed towards it by the reception staff), and the breakfast was extremely poor. The price we paid was good for London though I suppose and we didn't spend that long actually in it to be honest. Might stay again if I couldn't find anything else reasonable.	
Feb 5 2008 	Good hotel great location	We are two adults and three teenagers and we had a family room with one double and three single beds. Room was spacious and clean. Front desk staff were friendly and let us check in early. Breakfast was good, toast, cereal, yoghurt and instant (yuk) coffee. It was difficult to find the hotel from the maps we printed from the website but this may have been due to jet lag after a 36 hour journey from Australia. The location is very good - close to the tube and Hyde Park. December in London was freezing and the hotel was a lovely warm refuge. In hindsight it was one of the best value for money hotels we stayed at during our European holiday.	
Jan 27 2008 	Good value	This hotel is simply good value for money. It's not a five star hotel, but then the rates are not five star either. Stayed in a triple, or more like a quad, room with two single and one queen size bed. Room was clean and nice and had both coffee and tea making facilities and a fridge. Big plus for the fridge! Room was quite spacious, bath kind of tiny but clean and well functioning. The queen size and two beds were in different parts of the room and made it almost like having two rooms with shared bath - also a big plus. Some seating options would have been appreciated, but no big deal, I accept sitting on the bed when rates are this good. The complimentary breakfast was good, nothing special but no reason to complain either. Staff polite but I didn't exactly get the impression I made their day by stopping by. A smile or two wouldn't kill them, but they stayed on the safe side, just in case. It was a challenge to find the hotel, it's kind of anonymous and hidden. Probably would have been easier if I took the time to study a map before arrival. From Lancaster Gate underground, walk straight up Bayswater Road towards Queensway, turn right when you see a church and the hotel is right behind it. In a quiet and great location, close to underground, Queensway and Hyde Park. Unless you're expecting a five star hotel for the price of a three star, you won't be disappointed.	
Jan 3 2008 	Small beds poor service still decent value for money	My wife and I staid at the London Guards hotel for two nights in November 2007 while stopping in London for some sightseeing and pre-christmas shopping.The hotel is very conveniently located just north of Hyde Park and in easy walking distance to Lancaster Gate, Bayswater and Queensway Tube stations as well as to the Bayswater area with many Restaurants for all tastes.We got a very small room overlooking the (in our experience quiet) street. The room was so small, that there was literally not space for walking around the bed once we had put our bags down. We had booked a double room, but the bed looked more like a single to us. We managed to sleep ok but it was not particularily comfortable. We also tried to get an extra blanket as it was quite cold in the room at night, unfortunately it took over two hours and at least two additional reminder calls to reception to actually get it.The breakfast on the first day was basic and not very good and we didn't bother to go on the second day.We didn't really enjoy our stay, but i guess you can't expect much more for this price.	
Dec 31 2007	As the Brits say "Well Done"	This appeared to be a hotel in the middle of an upgrade - painting was occurring. But this was not a problem. In fact, the improvements were very nice.The rooms were large, the price very reasonable ($150 per night) and the staff very courteous. The location was exceptional, only one block to Hyde Park.If there was a fault it was more an annoyance. The breakfast staff chatted noisily and continuously while we were eating.	
Dec 11 2007	Decent Hotel Good Location	I liked the location of this hotel, very near Paddington Station and the Underground. I also liked the price: $71 for a Sunday in December. Checkin was easy, the room was decently appointed if unspectacular and basically clean, and the coffee supply and shower were acceptable. In other words I would rate this place as completely acceptable if looking for a relatively inexpensive place to stay in London close to a cool neighborhood and with easy public transportation access to the rest of London.	
Dec 10 2007 	Good value for money	I booked two single rooms via Londonnghts.com for my friend and I as we were visiting London for a spa day treat and an overnight stay. My friend had two double beds and one single in her very large room, and I had a double bed in mine. The rooms were clean and comfortable, bathroom had toiletries, and there was a hairdryer and fridge in rooms. The breakfast has obviously improved a little bit since some of the reviews I had read before we went, as in addition to the toast, croissants and cereal, there was cheese (but only processed cheese slices), yogurt and fruit juice. It is a very basic breakfast but the B&amp;B rate was so cheap that I think that is perfectly acceptable. The hotel is near to the Lancaster Gate tube stop and close to hyde park, and about a 20 -30 minute easy walk to the Marble Arch end of Oxford Street. I would stay there again, I think it is good value for money.	
Dec 4 2007 	Good Clean Hotel for the money	Stayed in this hotel for my last two days in England. The room was clean yet sparse. Hotel staff was friendly enough, I didn't try the breakfast (English breakfasts were not to my liking anyway). Location was lovely and close to tube stations and Oxford Street, a great place to get last minute gifts. Overall a good deal for the location in London and would certainly stay here again.	
Dec 3 2007 	Good location Quiet hotel	I booked this hotel using [--] but you can also book on their website as well. Londonnights may give you a little bit of a discount. There were good reviews on Tripadvisor so we looked forward to it. London Guards is located on a quiet square in Bayswater, a very short walk from the Lancaster Gate tube stop and not much further from Queensway, Bayswater and Paddington stations so you're in a very good location for transportation. It's about a 15 - 20 minute walk to Oxford Street and you're only 2 minutes from Hyde Park as well. The room came with continental breakfast which was fine. You could order a cooked breakfast for an additional cost. The room was spacious and clean and it had a small fridge as well as the usual tea/coffee facilities. Average sized bathroom with tub and shower. Hotel has a lift but some rooms also may be up a few stairs as ours was. Ask if there's a mobility issue for you. They have singles right up to family size rooms. Bed was a little hard for me, however that's a matter of individual taste. Cost is in the vicinity of about 70 - 75 pounds for a double/twin which is pretty reasonable for central London with a quiet location and close to transport. Lots of restaurants in the area near Paddington and Queensway. Can walk straight across Hyde Park for 10 minutes to get to Albert Hall, the V&amp;A and Natural History museum. Also, bus 274 goes from Lancaster Gate all the way to Camden which we really loved.	
Nov 4 2007 	Small but quaint - Great location	We stayed at the London Guards hotel for 3 nights, found it very serviceable &amp; clean. It was very close to hyde park &amp; the lancaster gate tube station. The included breakfast was standard fare, nothing to rave about though.	
Oct 30 2007 	great budget hotel	This hotel is situated a two minute walk from Hyde Park and close to Lancaster Gate tube station making it perfect for accessing the hustle and bustle of Oxford Street and the rest of London but also giving the option of a quiet walk through the park to the Natural History Museum if this is more your scene.The room my daughter and I were given had a double and single bed, television, fridge and bathroom with a shower over the bath, The accomodation, whilst a bit dated, was very clean and the staff helpful.The reviews I read before visiting were generally critical of the breakfast but we were quite happy with the continental option and found it perfectly adequate.I would definitely stay at this hotel again and would recommend it to anyone on a budget wanting a convenient and clean place to stay.	
Oct 11 2007 	chmcsouza	We stayed 6 nights at London Guards. The hotel is clean, the rooms are nice with comfy beds and a good bathroom. The neighbourhood it's quiet. It's easy to get the subway from there and you are 2 blocks away from Kensington Park. The service is cold and the breakfast ok.	
Oct 9 2007 	Top value for Budget Hotel	We had a good experience at this hotel. We had read the reviews before we went so we were a bit apprehensive as to our accommodation. We stayed in a room with 3 single beds. We had large suitcases but were able to lay them flat on the floor with enough room to walk around. The room was cleaned every day with clean towels. We had a bath with a shower over it. We were very pleased with the room. The staff at the front desk were helpful and I did hear them speak other languages besides English. As we had a laptop we were able to use the wifi in the lounge. The breakfast was as advertised. It is just a basic breakfast which was all we needed. If they wanted to improve the breakfast they could add some tinned fruit instead of yogurt. We went to the bar one night. It could be made more profitable by selling beers other than Russian beer, and it could be more guest friendly. However, there are lots of other pubs with great atmosphere in the area. The position of the hotel is excellent. It is only a short walk to Lancaster Gate tubestation, plus all the buses, and Hyde Park just one street away. We had read many reviews on the different hotels in London before we went over, and we feel that this hotel is good value for money. If you are expecting more than you are going to have to pay more.	
Oct 9 2007 	If you don't like noise	After reading some of the reviews we were surprised at the size of the room. A double bed, with very little room to put your suitcases. We book a room with twin beds, and when we arrived this was the only thing that was available (after booking two months earlier). The room was very clean and cleaned each day with fresh towels. The free breakfast was basic, cereal, yougurt, toast, and coffee. Now comes the bad stuff...noisy, noisy, noisy. the restaurant is run separate from the hotel so the bar was going all night, and because there is no smoking in the building, everyone congragated outside for a smoke 2-3am in the morning. Also next door to the hotel is a flat that is filled with forgein exchange students who sat outside most of the night drinking and smoking. Make sure you check the services provided for shuttle service to the airport. The post one price but is higher when you book, I dont think this the hotels fault but make sure you check.	
Oct 8 2007 	VERY VERY NICE VALUE FOR MONEYMANAGER VERY COOPERATIVE	Very Good Hotel, Value for money,Would certainlt recomend and stay again	
Sep 17 2007 	Good Value-for-money	We booked a triple room and were pleasantly surprised by the size (Room202) and the huge windows. The bathroom was also larger than most budget hotels in London. The room and beddings were clean except for the bed covers which we did not use. The front desk staff during the day was very helpful. The breakfast was sub-standard. However, 5 minutes away close to the Bayswater tube is an entire street of local restaurants and shops which is very convenient. We also loved the quiet location and the Kensington Park across the street.HOWEVER, make sure you get a good internet rate. We booked our room for C$190 a night but found that at a later day the rate was C$600 for the same room possibly due to availability or events.SKY, Canada	
Sep 2 2007 	Dirty!	Stayed only one night because the hotel was so poorly taken care of and dirty. The lobby looked clean and well taken care of but rooms were a different story. My room had a loft, which sounded good until I got to my room. The prink carpet was old and stained. The stairs leading to the loft were broken and ready to give out, not to mention a loose handrail. The bed was very uncomfortable. Overall the room was so filthy I forced myself into the dirty shower and had socks and shoes waiting near the bathroom door so my feet didn't have to touch the carpet. Not worth the savings!!! Spend a little more for a clean hotel room.	
Aug 16 2007 	I've stayed here for the past 10 years or so	I've been staying in London for 20 years now on a regular basis. 5 or 6 trips a year. Since the mid 80s I moved from hotel to hotel looking for a decent place that did not charge an arm and a leg. (Just try finding this in London!) In the late 90s I latched onto this place right after they opened up. I've been staying here ever since. I've stayed here probably 100 nights or moreIt is true that some of the AC units are not as cool as they used to be. It is true that the dining room is not the best. It is true that the carpets and such have some wear and tear. HOWEVER, FOR THE MONEY, this place can't be beat. They have huge rooms. You can request a fan. Each room has a hot pot and a refrigerator. Since eating in London is sooo expensive, I always go to the grocery store and buy food and bring it back. The fridge is a real bonus. You could find a cleaner hotel with a better restaurant, but you are going to choke when you see what they charge. This place is the best value for the money in this area of LondonPluses: Close to PaddingtonLocated in the corner of a quiet square. Request a room in the back of the hotel if you want complete quiet. Quiet is real important to me, so I weight this heavily in a hotelFridge in the roomPrivate Bath: You'd be surprised the number of places that don't have this when you get into the cheaper hotels in LondonLarge rooms: There are some small ones, but many of them are huge.Great location near Queensway. You can get most anything on this street and there is a mall there as well, and two tube stops.I know the staff now and I've always found them to be friendly.Minuses: Food. But I don't eat there.Restaurant: not the bestSmall towelsCarpets and spreads are tiredTV is very small. But I don't watch TV.No Internet connection. At least the last time I stayed there.All in All: a great great value.If someone out there knows a better value in that area. I'd like to know about it.	
Aug 8 2007 	Friendly and good value	We are a family of 2 adults and 3 children, and we booked 4 nights in a family room with 2 double and 1 single beds. The room was spacious for London, except for the hanging closet which was inadequate for 5 people. Clean and well maintained rooms and lobby, very friendly and helpful staff, especially at breakfast - which could have offered more variety. We had to supplement the breakfast with items we purchased from a local minimarket. Bathroom was modern and well ventilated. Main positive points: quiet but central location, airconditioning, roominess, friendly staff. Negative point: meager breakfast.	
Aug 4 2007	Good hotel....worth a return	Rooms had been updated, and had modern bathrooms, and airconditioning. There was a generous refrigerator, and the room was larger than other European rooms we'd had. The carpeting had seen better days, and there was no shower curtain in the bathroom. A hand held shower worked well. The elevator was slow. We walked down...and rode up to the fourth floor.The location was good, between two tube stops, and just a block from Hyde Park/Kensington gardens, so the walking around was great. Places to play if there were children. The street was quiet and pleasant.The housekeeping was immaculate, and prompt.The continental breakfast, included in the cost, was adequate, and served by very friendly people.	
Jul 23 2007 	Good budget hotel	Booked the hotel through venere.com, and got a very good price. £75 for a twin room in central London is not bad!The hotel is close to Lancaster gate tube station, Paddington station, and has several buses stopping just 1-2 minutes walk from the hotel.We'd booked a twin room, but got a family room with two single beds, one double bed, sofa, TV, fridge, and bathroom/WC. Good value for money.The hotel was clean and the receptionists were friendly. It's not a &quot;wow&quot; experience, but if you're not spending a lot of time in your room, and you're just looking for a cheap, nice hotel - this is perfect.I would NOT recommend the breakfast, which was the worst I've ever experienced at a hotel.	
Jul 21 2007	Mixed impressions	I must say that though a solo traveller, I booked a double/twin room, because the description of a single was not satisfactory. So, I can't comment on a single room and the value for money issue (a double room for one person doesn't come cheap). The room was cosy, spacious, clean. The air-conditioning was useful (as the weather was rather cold and rainy). Very important is always the safety box; it keeps you out of worry. The coffee-maker was OK, the refrigerator a plus. It was also a quiet room. The bathroom, although full of amenities, seemed &quot;rather tired&quot;, asking for &quot;upgrading&quot;. Unfortunately, the main elevator was out of order for a long time and the back-up one was to be avoided. The big problem was the breakfast: horrible! If you don't have to eat first thing in the morning, skip it! The front desk staff were correct, but not very friendly. Location: pretty good. Clean, safe, civilized surroundings, yet lack of pubs, shops. The bus stops were close. Suggestion: don't use the Underground. There are 4 bus lines (24 hours in service!) which can take you directly, or with easy connections, pretty much to all important sights. And the bus pass is very convenient!	
Jun 16 2007 	Truly woeful	Where do I start:1 Asked for room at front with view- got basement room looking at concrete wall.2 Asked to have room changed and only got this done next day- then they put me in top floor and lift not working.3 Most unwelcoming bar- strong hint from barman that I should take drink to room rather than linger.4 Breakfast room dreary and smelly ; and breakfast pitifulA disgraceful establishment, dont stay there.	
Jun 6 2007 	Enjoyed our stay here	This is a very nice place for a family to stay who will be out sightseeing all day. It is clean and a very safe place to stay with only a 5 min walk from Lancaster Gate underground, 2 mini-markets, and also Hyde Park. The cleaners kept the room very clean and we had plenty of room with a nice-sized bathroom. The continental breakfast was fine for a light breakfast on the go(corn or bran flakes, croissants, rolls, juice, milk, coffee) I don't understand why some of the writers thought it was so bad. I've had far worse! The downstairs area doubles as a Russian bar and is where breakfast is served. It is clean and not problematic. The bar patrons could be heard leaving at closing time, but that was the only disturbance, other than early morning delivery trucks. The desk staff was courteous and helpful. We were pleased and would stay again.	
May 30 2007	Good value	My daughter and I stayed at this hotel for two nights. It has a charm, was clean and the staff was friendly. It is in a good location for travelling via the underground to see the sights of London. A bonus was the fridge in the room. I would definately reccomend this hotel.	
May 12 2007 	Terrible breakfast	Hotel situated in calm quiet area, with a very kind and careful staff.The room itself is very clean and wide though the first day we had troubles with the radiators.In general, a good hotel to stay in London, but the worst thing was the breakfast: bad attended, very poor, very small, bad smell, and if you want a simple chocolate you must pay for it (though we reservated our room with breakfast included!).Another strange thing which I didn't like was the fact that if you ask in reception for a taxi, they will call a particular driver who will collect you a 50% more money than a normal taxi tarif (I guess the hotel staff have a commision of that money).This &quot;taxi&quot; affair is not a strange thing in London, because I can tell ift is not the first time it happens to me.	
Apr 19 2007 	Good location	I and my teenage dughter stayed here on a four day trip to London, my daughter's first visit to London.Good: the price, the location: feels safe coming home at night for two women, right beside Hyde Park, really Londonish - white painted houses with porticoes - three bus stops from Oxford Street (my daughter is 16! Three hours in Topshop) and the bus also goes through Piccadilly which is door to door after a show on the West End. Great. Big room, clean. bright. quiet. Large fridge, which I expect would be great in the summer, especially with children. Could keep stocks for picnics in Hyde Park. (Hyde Park has boating, pedaloes and paddling pool).Less good: public areas not very inviting - more a guesthouse than hotel. Very little in the way of facilities in the hotel itself Bad: breakfast: served in basement in smelly room (smell identified as stale urine from toilets/drains?). Breakfast basic, coffee undrinkable. Tea OK. Not enough tables, had to wait, and table not cleared off. However: at these prices could forgive this, might even skip breakfast, with fridge could keep stock of cereal and milk in the room. Marks and Spencers only a few stops away on bus to stock up.If hotel reads this: could you serve breakfast on ground floor, improve the coffee and the orange juice a little? I think it would make a big difference.Note: if going to London: discover the buses: a great. really efficient way to get around, much more pleasant than tube, and you get to see London. The buses come every two minutes. With day or three day pass, really cheap and convenient and fun. They come so often it doesn't matter if you get the wrong one, you can quickly get back. Buses from this hotel go directly to Oxford Street, Tower, Piccadilly, and easy changes for everywhere else. The system is not at all as complicated as people make out, and well worth the effort to work it out. Try finding your tube line in one of the bigger stations with a couple of tired and slightly bewildered children: now that is difficult. Lots of families were staying while we were in this hotel, not surprised at the price and with the great location. Would be really good for a family with a child on any special diet, given the fridge.Receptionist really helpful re booking theatre tickets: I was rather stupid that morning, and she was very kind and helpful.I recommend the hotel for someone on a trip like mine. Great for anyone on a budget. If fussy, and wanting a 'HOTEL' and prepared to pay for it: maybe not.	
Feb 14 2007	Fear Not!	Having read the previous reviews, I stayed here with trepidation. But I had nothing to worry about. Yes it was cheap, but my basic requirements of white sheets, white towels and en-suite bathroom were met. It was clean and warm. The reception staff were courteous despite English not being their first language. Although I only stayed one night, the breakfast was adequate and with a fridge in the room had I been staying longer I could have stocked that with my own favourites. I was not disturbed by the Russian restaurant in the basement or by passing traffic. It is in the corner of a cul-de-sac so there is no passing traffic or pedestrians. Only one negative - is it that hard to programme the tv so BBC1 is on 1, BBC2 on 2 etc etc!!	
Jan 31 2007	A total let down	We read the reviews and went with an open mind. We spent four nights here and our first impressions were the friendly welcome and smart Reception. We asked for a quiet room and were given a front room with a balcony, it was low on space due to two old chairs and an extremely long occasional table. The middle of the carpet was stained and the outer edges of the carpet were in need of a thorough clean as were the bed cover and the nets at the window. It was noisy at night time from the kitchens below and rowdy passers by, and some of the doors on our floor were noisy on closing.The bathroom was long however the shower head which is the old fashioned type is very high, and the plumbing with the toilet left much to be desired as we had to wait a full 20 mins before a second flush.The breakfast room smelt of food from the previous evening as this hotel serves Russian food and other continental foods, and it was dreary and unwelcoming. The table cloths were wine red and stained on two of the tables we used, nice white or pastel cloths would have been much nicer. The lady serving the coffee has no social graces so a Good Morning was asking too much. There is very little to eat, a choice of two cerials, bran flakes or cornflakes, juice and some rather ancient croissants. The coffee tasted disgusting and everyone seemed to vanish as quickly as possible once they had eaten. Two cups we were given had chips in the sides. The room is down some steep steps which are dimly lit, not suitable for anyone disabled.I have never encountered such a dark eating room in all of my travels, shabby and below street level.The lounge area was occupied by possibly a member of staff most evenings using a laptop and we sensed he did not wish for company. Apart from this person we never saw any other guest using the lounge.We requested a booking for a black cab but were told we could only have a private hire care. We asked at the local taxi rank if they would pick up and they told us to request Reception to arrange this and we explained they would not use black cabs.We would not stay here again. It is very over priced with little comfort, it is tired and dreary and needs some bright refurbishment, some clear cut interior decor and the retraining of breakfast staff. It needs to provide a better standard of food. The Reception staff however were efficient and friendly but if you book on line be sure to take along your documentation as they tried to overcharge us by over £100.A plentiful supply of coffee, tea and milk was available and the fridge was useful. The room had a heater.It is so convenient to Queensway, Baywater and the West End. It has easy access to Hyde Park and underground stations and a useful bus service with a direct route to Camden markets, The Angel at Islington etc. We used a daily bus pass to give travel on any bus, the cost of buying underground tickets has now become far too expensive at £4 with limited zones, paying £3.50 for a day rider gives one the ability to see parts of the London suburbs one would not normally visit.There are quite a few hotels in the area which seem not to be so well advertised however we have to admit each time we passed by we wished we had done more research. The next time we visit we will not be staying at London Guards	
Jan 25 2007 	Hated it	It was cheap, which is about the only good thing I have to say about it.It was hard to find due to the vaugeness of the map provided.The room stunk of cigs despite our request for a non smoking room. The &quot;double bed&quot; was very narrow.The bath room was of a good standard except for the fact the shower head was so low it only came up to my chest!The bar was shockingly expensive even by London standards and the bar staff spoke hardly any English.Breakfast consisted of hard pastries and cereal with warm milk, nice.	
Dec 27 2006 	Great value in London!	When I heard my husband booked us a room in London for less than 100 GBP per night, I was a bit skeptical of what we would find. But, after arriving at Heathrow and taking the London Express to Paddington (a very easy and fast way to get downtown from the airport), we easily found the hotel at the back of a quaint cul-de-sac few blocks from the station. The front desk checked us in quickly and cheerfully and we arrived to our room on the first floor overlooking the front entrance. The room had nice high ceilings and a surprisingly large bathroom. Everything was clean, though the curtains, sitting chairs and bed linens were a bit worn. This is not a luxery hotel - it is basic. However, for the price it is very very impressive. The best feature in the room was a mini-fridge (which seemed to be brand new and was actually somewhat large). We kept water and snacks in there, which is helpful considering how much it costs to dine in London. We stayed three night and were very pleased with the location which was near 2 Tube stations and a strip of hip restaurants. The front desk was always helpful. The included breakfast was served in the lower level, and it really wasn't much to write home about, but you can get some coffee or tea to start your day with at least. The area seemed very safe and we were comfortable walking through the dark streets early in the morning to catch the London Express for our trip back out of Heathrow.	
Dec 7 2006	We hated this hotel!!!!	First of all we found the hotel very difficult to find. It wasn't explained clearly on the website. When we finally got there, we were received by a very un-friendly reception staff member. He told us he was unable to locate our reservation (even though it had been confirmed and paid for over 6 months ahead of time). He was completely unhelpful and wouldn't give us any kind of solution to this problem. Finally we urged him to show us all of the reservations he had for that night, and were able to find ours. He immediately threw a receipt at us and told us to sign it and write down our passport numbers clearly (implying that we were not to be trusted). We were very dissapointed with this treatment and will never return again, and would certainly not reccomend this hotel to anyone else!!! Please take our advice, and book somewhere else.	
Nov 24 2006	Decent Budget Hotel	I stayed at the London Guards Hotel in Nov. '06. This hotel is a decent budget hotel, emphasis on the budget. The room was clean and maintained and the staff was very friendly, although seemingly unaware of the neighborhood around them. Their directions got me lost on more than occasion. London is an expensive place so if youre running out of options, dont freak out this place isnt so bad once you get over the fact that its very quaint (but clean). When you pay $12 for a sandwich in London, you'll be happy you were able to save some money on your hotel.	
Nov 23 2006 	Give it a very wide berth	Apart from the location, this place was terrible. Tatty room. Extremely noisy air conditioning. Broken window lock. Room poorly cleaned. Breakfast not before 7.30am, ideal for those with an early start! I paid £89. The staff were friendly and smiled a lot, probably as a way of mitigating the dreadful experience of this lousy hotel.	
Nov 9 2006 	Did the job	I stayed at the London Guards hotel for three nights with my boyfriend. Good points: The staff were friendly and helpful, good location. warm, cosy decor, air conditioning + electric fan. The accommodtion was basic but comfortable and had everything we needed for out break.Not so good: The breakfast was nothing exciting (aldi cornflakes or branflakes, juice, tea, mini croissants, and bread rolls). The safe deposit box was locked. The girl at the desk said she'd send someone to fix it but didn't.	
Nov 8 2006 	OK Budget hotel	We stayed in London Guards hotel in tripple room in september 2006. Our room was decent size and it had fridge in the room. The room was also cleaned daily. On the third day of our stay we had problems with toilet in our bathroom which wouldn't flush. After we reported the situation to the reception the toilet was repaired on the same day. As others already noted the breakfast really is terrible so we mostly didn't bother with it. The staff at the hotel could also be a bit more knowledgeable about the area. When we stayed at the hotel the Lancaster tube station was closed so it was quite a walk to the nearest tube station (10-15 min). Overall, I would recommend this place to budget travelers if you get the deal like we did for 68 GBP per room per night otherwise it might be better to look elsewhere.	
Oct 12 2006 	Very satisfied	Large room with tall window and large bath as well. Refrigerator and television. Close to two metro stops, but in Bayswater there are few attractions. However, there is nightlife on Bayswater and another road a bit West. Hard to find the first time. Hardly saw any staff besides at the desk but they were friendly.	
Oct 7 2006 	Excellent value and location - recommended for budget travellers	We spent six nights at the London Guards at the end of September. Our room was quiet and large (for London standards) with two chairs, a desk, a bench, a wardrobe and lots of room for two exploded bags. The decor is old fashioned, but everything is very clean and the beds were comfortable (firm). The location is excellent, although beware the Lancaster Gate tube station is shut until later this year, although it's only a seven minute walk to Queensway. The reception staff were very friendly. The breakfasts were okay - again what you'd expect for London. Overall for 65 pounds a night we were very pleased. I can see that it would have been very hot during the heat wave as the air con was not flash. This is not a problem in the cooler months.	
Sep 14 2006 	Would go back anytime	Although there was only the two of us, we booked a triple room (for 3 nights) simply to give us more space than the usual double. It was totally worth the money. The staff was courteous. The air conditioning (which could have been a bit cooler) was nonetheless effective enough to make sleeping quite comfortable. The location is well away from traffic enough to make it a pleasant night.	
Aug 8 2006 	Disappointed	We reserved 2 rooms. One was air conditioned. The second one was a sweat box at best and while they kept promising that it would be fixed, it was not - we were there 3 days. The second room's air conditioning worked however, we had water running out of the vent onto the vanity on the second and third day of our stay. It was a great little water fountain! I threw our towels down to soak up and just barely got our belongings moved prior to getting soaked. Water also appeared around the base of the bathroom sink - I just threw down our used towels to soak up.The hotel ran out of bath towels so for our second and third days we had hand towels only. The bed linen was not changed daily as promised (I asked about this not knowing what the policy was and they said it was changed daily - a definite untruth!) they promised to change the bed when I called on the second day, saying it had not been changed but it was not. they said they would send someone up to change it and then called back about 1/2 hour later and said they could not.We always asked politely, but the answers were what we wated to hear and not the truth - not very good service.	
Aug 1 2006	Clean comfortable and cool!	We stayed at the hotel near the end of July 06 during extremely hot weather. Our room was a triple on the top floor. It was very spacious, clean, and had a good size bathroom with shower over the bath. As soon as we walked in the room you could feel the air-conditioning working. There was also a portable unit in the room so sleeping was easy even in the extreme temperatures! The hotel is very close to Hyde Park on a quiet part of the street with no noise at night. Staff were not overly friendly and some of them did not understand English very well. The breakfast was basic - croissants (stale on day 2!), bread rolls, 2 choices of cereal and toast with jam or marmalade. However, for the price (£75 for a double or £89 for a triple) we were pleased with what we got and we will stay here again.	
Jul 22 2006 	Utterly disappointing	Based on mostly positive reviews (THEN), I booked London Guards for a two-week stay for my daughter and me. Our room was tiny, but having spent much time in Europe, I wasn't terribly disappointed--until a friend came to visit us and spent the night at London Guards in a much nicer room with a real view--as opposed to our room, which was half underground with almost no natural light at all. After the roaches appeared in our room, we were moved to the same room my friend had occupied for the remainder of the visit. (That is, we were told to move but were provided no assistance.) Breakfast was typically bad English, so I had one (instead of 13). The final insult came the day we departed. I asked the desk clerk to order us a cab, but apparently the hotel has a racket going with a private company, so instead of the 7 or so GBP we paid to arrive by cab from Paddington, the private guy charged us 16 GBP. In an attempt to say something nice, I will mention that the air conditioning worked well, and there is an ice machine in the building. The staff, none of whom we encontered in two weeks, was a native speaker of any of the world's Englishes, varied from helpful to terribly rude.	
Jul 21 2006	Good value for families	Actually woried about this hotel - it was the only one I could find that had rooms for a family of five - yet I needn't have, it was good value, clean and in a good, quiet, location. The area is safe with large expensive houses surrounding, it is just over the road from Hyde Park and lots of good places to eat (mostly Italian) nearby. The man on reception was helpful but the breakfast wasn't worth bothering about - better to eat out nearby. It says it is close to Paddington and Lancaster Gate tubes - Lancaster Gate isn't far but Paddington is quite a hike. The room was clean, the bathroom adequate and although there were five of us, it didn't feel overcrowded and there was air conditioning. Would definitely stay here again if taking the kids to London.	
Jul 16 2006	London Guards Hotel: a big disappointment...	This is a three-star hotel, but aside from the air-conditioning and the strong shower, I'm not sure how it got rated so high. We stayed in our first room for two nights, until we found ants crawling on the suitcase. They did a laundry for us, for free, and then switched us to another room, because I insisted. They tried to give us an even smaller room, putting a cot in for my nephew, but I refused. We were finallly given a nicer room. This room had bugs in the bathroom--only two, but still...Continental breakfast was included and it was bad. Tasteless white bread and rolls, hard little crossants, and, according to my nephew, stale dry cereal. No fruit, yogurt or cheese. We couldn't find anywhere else close to have breakfast and no one on the staff had a recommendation.Pillows were small, flat, and lumpy; sheets and towels were coarse.The staff was nice, but not particularly knowledgeable. Practically no one could tell us what bus to take, etc.There was supposed to be a computer hookup in the room which I had e-mailed them about. Despite e-mails back and forth about it, no one mentioned the special type of adapter we'd need. We had brought appropriate adapters with us, but they didn't work. There's a computer in the lobby that there's a charge for. It is incredibly incredibly slow.	
Jul 14 2006	Don't go!	After reading numerous reviews of dozens of budget hotels in London, I chose this hotel over another I'd stayed at in the Bayswater area several years ago. Big mistake as we'd booked 7 nights based on the positive reviews. The hotel charged our credit card upon arrival which is likely the first sign something is wrong.Positive remarks: Our bathroom and room were thoroughly cleaned every day. Nice size fridge in the room. It is near a tube station and close to Hyde Park. The hairdryer was located beside a dressing table, a big plus for women!Negative remarks: The hotel is old and tired. Lumpy bed. We didn't have any easy chairs to relax in after a long days of sightseeing. The breakfast is as bad as everyone describes it. We went twice in 7 days. The hotel is not as close to the main Bayswater shopping and restaurant district as many others.We paid 75 pounds per night, which was considerably more than the nightly rate at another budget hotel in the Baywater area I'd previously stayed in, so I expected a higher standard. Wrong! It was a poorer. Warning---don't go!	
Jul 8 2006	Great value London Hotel	With hotels in London being so expensive we thought this one was a real bargain. We were very surprised to get such a very large room which had 2 double beds. The room was very clean and also had a refrigerator and air conditioner. We arrived early one morning from a flight from Sydney and they did not give us an early check in which was a bit disappointing. The night clerk could also do with some lessons in customer service, but the day staff were a lot friendlier. The breakfast room is in the basement and was very poor - they served us stale croissants and most of the crockery was we ate from was chipped (including the coffee cups!). The location was quite good as well, close to the tube though you still do have to walk a bit to get there. The hotel is a bit out of the way from the action but overall we would definately go back to this hotel.	
Jul 7 2006	Pretty Average	We were two families with small children traveling together. I must concur the London Guards is in a convenient location and the price is great for London. I wish my review could be glowing, but it's not. The hotel is a bit quirky. The rooms are kind of funky (some have stairs in them), fairly clean, and the breakfast is second-rate for London--if you want a proper English breakfast, don't stay here! We went during a heat wave and getting air conditioning was a big selling point for us. However, our A/C was not working properly. I told the person at the front desk about it and was told they'd take a look at it. Three days and three requests later, there was no change. The people at the front desk were always pleasant but helpfulness was not in their repretoire. We often asked for information about good nearby restaurants, or sightseeing information and were told, &quot;I don't really know.&quot; Gee, thanks. We've stayed in many B &amp; B's in London and on the continent and we know what to expect. This hotel was a disappointment. We will stay elsewhere next time.	
Jul 6 2006	More bad than good	My husband and I recently spent seven weeks driving around Britain, staying in farmhouse B&amp;B's, averaging 25-30 GBP pppn. Some were small, some were old, but they all were clean, friendly and had pretty good breakfasts. We're not too fussy, and definitely not &quot;five star hotel&quot; folks! That said, we spent three nights at the London Guards Hotel. I chose it after extensive research, based on the following criteria in order of importance: quiet, small, inexpensive, near a tube station, with 70% or better good reviews from Trip Advisor readers. As with many places in a large city, there are good points and bad points about this hotel.The good points: We had a room on the top floor at the back, and it was really, really quiet! The room was very generously sized, adequately clean, although not spotless, and had a portable fan. There was a large refrigerator, which was very handy, since there are several inexpensive take-away places within a few blocks, as well as a couple of pubs. It is an honest 8 minute walk from Lancaster Gate station. The towels were good, there was lots of hot water and water pressure, and a hair dryer. The lift was small and slow, but worked fine and was handy for carrying luggage. The receptionist was efficient, although not overly friendly.The bad points: The hotel is quite run down around the edges, such as peeling paint, etc. The first morning we did not get room service at all, and had to request it the other two mornings. The windows only open about 2&quot;, which was bothersome, as the afternoons were warm. There was an air conditioner, but after listening to a few minutes of it wheezing, and smelling the stale cigarette smoke coming from it, we gave up. (We had requested a non-smoking room, but did not get one.) But the worst point -- by far-- was the &quot;breakfast&quot;. We went down into the basement room which was positively vile smelling -- old, old stale smokey smell in the very walls and floor! My tea was fine, but my husband's coffee was thick, stale and so strong he couldn't drink it. The breakfast fare consisted of cold rolls, cold croissant, one kind of cold cereal, cold butter, milk and orange juice. A cooked breakfast was available for 9 GBP each ($16 USD each), but after seeing the &quot;Continental breakfast&quot;, we didn't want to waste our money. Needless to say, the next two mornings we didn't even bother to go downstairs, as we could not take the smell of the room.At 75 GBP per night for the room, we were not terribly unhappy (other than the breakfast), but next time will certainly stay at another hotel.	
Jul 2 2006	Great hotel great price!	My wife and I settled on the London Guards after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor, and we were not disappointed. We stayed there with our two kids (ages 4 and 1) for three nights, June 2-4, 2006. We knew it a &quot;budget&quot; hotel going in, so we didn't expect anything too fancy. With that expectation going in, we were quite impressed with the hotel.We had a triple room, two double beds and one single. I think it was room 206. Out the back window we could see a cobblestone alleyway, and out the front we had a great view of a building called the Spire House, a beautiful building with, you guessed it, a huge spire. It resembles a medieval church. The room was VERY spacious, like a small apartment almost. It smelled fine (my wife has a very picky nose!), and looked good. Housekeeping was excellent, we had fresh towels and a spotless room every day.The hotel is on a very quiet street, mainly a business/hotel area, just a few blocks from Hyde Park. The Lancaster Gate tube is a 5-10 minute walk (I highly recommend the tube for travel), as are numerous ATM machines. A nice shopping area (Bayswater) is also about a ten minute walk, good for last minute souvenirs. Internet access is available in the lobby, for a nominal price.The staff was always very friendly and helpful, never seeming &quot;put out&quot; at all with any of the numerous questions one asks when one has two small children! They held our luggage in the lobby on the day we checked out for an extra three hours, while we finished up our sightseeing. They offered to do it even before we asked. And a few weeks after our stay we even got a letter from them, thanking us for our stay!The only less than perfect aspect, as noted in other reviews, is the sparse breakfast, but since we don't eat a big breakfast anyway we didn't care. Hot food is also available for a fair price.Highly recommended for the non-fancy traveler.	
Jun 23 2006	old hotel	the small lift was utterly pointless as it took forever; room was large (two king/queen beds and one twin bed), but the beds were so old that my partner and i awoke in a sinkhole in the middle...the bedding seemed to be equally old and worn; chairs were quite stained; pay internet machine in the lobby	
Jun 19 2006	Sweet and simple	We stayed at this hotel for four nights during the month of June 2006. On arrival, the hotel was a bit difficult to find. As marked on the map, it appears that lancaster gate is opposite the hotel, but this isnt the case. Lancaster gate is about 300meters from the hotel, which is quite a walk if you have luggage and dont know where it is. We had a double room on the 1st floor which was fairly large. The room had a fan and an aircon that worked perfectly as we had experience extremely hot weather whilst in london. The bathroom was large and more importantly it was clean. Our rooms and bathroom were cleaned daily. The hotel also allowed us an early check in which we were emmensely grateful for as we needed to freshen up after such a long flight. Also on the occassion that we needed an adaptor, we were provided with one quite promptly. (for a fee ofcourse)Breakfast was standard and included cereals, toast, juice and croussants. If you wanted anything else, you could order off the menu, which i thought was rather expensive.The staff at the breakfast room were friendly, however i the desk clerk needs a few lessons in service. Overall, i think i got what i paid for, given the high prices of hotels in london. We were there on holiday and spent very little time in the room, so it was perfect. Althought 300meters away, lancaster gate is quite convenient. There are also loads of restuarants in the area. If you would like to picnic or take a stroll, hyde park is close by. The neighbourhood is also quiet, so its a good place to getaway from the noise and buzz of london city.	
Jun 16 2006	Worn out but clean.....	I just returned from London. I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights... The hotel is worn out especially in the loby. The furniture in the rooms are also a little bit old. However, the rooms are clean and not small . There is a small refregirator in every room. The bathroom was also quite big and clean.I booked to hotel from internet and it is rather cheap according to London prices. There suppose to be an airconditioner in every room. However, ours was not working. It is was very hot during our stay. So, we reported it several times. But it was never fixed. When we wanted to change our room due to this problem, they told us that the hotel is completely booked. However, they promised to grant us a fine. Guess what? We never got it!The biggest problem in the hotel is that, It is difficult to find somebody that speaks fluent English and also that can help. The staff is friendly but that is all. Will I stay here again? No way!	
Jun 5 2006	large room pleasant stay	Stayed 1 night while working in Hyde Park, booked a single room but got a twin which was fairly large with loads of room. The room/hotel could use a lick of paint and a bit of updating bu apart from that was a pleasant stay.10 minute walk to nearest tube or 15-20 minute walk to Marble Arch.	
Jun 3 2006	Good price for London	London is an expensive city; finding this hotel near Hyde Park that could hold 5 people for a reasonable price was a plus. The hotel is older and certainly not the Omni, but the price and location for 5 people is unmatched.	
Apr 23 2006	Quite Basic but good location	The hotel is a 5-10 minute walk from Lancaster Gate tube station and is in a quiet area.We booked a double room through LastMinute and only paid £69, I would definitely not pay anymore for this room.The room itself was very basic and very old fashioned. Although the size of the room was excellent, very large by London standards. The bedding wasn't really up to much, our bedspread was quickly discarded as we found a brownish stain on it . And underneath we had a brown fleece blanket and a sheet. Not really what we expected.The bathroom consisted of a toilet, basin and shower. The shower was a bit tempremental and sometimes it shot out boiling water which resulted in me getting burnt!The breakfast was okay - we had the continental, there was a choice of fruit juices, tea, coffee and to eat , croissants, bread rolls and cereal.I have stayed in three hotels in Lancaster Gate - and I would definitely consider the others before booking here again.	
Apr 17 2006	Great value	We - a family of five - stayed here for three nights and got a very large and quiet room on the third floor. The location is good but a bit boring, as this area is dominated by hotels. The walk to Lancaster Gate tube-station is only ten minutes (It will be closed this summer, but I think Queensway is nearly as close.), but the restaurants and cafés were a bit harder to find. However, when we found them, they were good, and even our youngest daughter (6) was content.The best thing about this hotel is the service - the receptionists were extremely helpful. The worst thing is the breakfast. Croissants, spongy breadrolls, cereals, (toast on request), juice, tea or coffee is what you get, if you don't want to pay - rather a lot - for the English breakfast. However, this is England, as far as I know it and I would recommend this hotel.	
Apr 3 2006	Wonderful stay A++++++	I stayed here with my husband and sister for 8 days. I read the reviews before we booked and it was as everyone said. This is an older building, the rooms looked alittle worn. But they were a good size and the bathroom was very large. The staff was very helpful and it was a great location!!!! For an inexpensive hotel it works great. I will defifinitly stay again. Can't beat the price!	
Mar 26 2006	Great Experience!	To find a large enough room to sleep a family of 5 comfortably was a blessing! Particularly in such a nice hotel! We enjoyed the location very well. Being right on Hyde Park allowed us to feed the pigeons daily, walk the park and see everyday Londoners and their dogs, and walk to Kensington Palace and the Orangery (highly recommended). Multiple restaurants were nearby. Pickup spots for our tours were around the corner. Hotel service was great, free breakfast, and location! The price? Average for the area, but remember everything in London is expensive.	
Mar 12 2006	Wonderful Hotel	Coming from Canada, in a group of three (two kids, 13 and 17 and one adult), we were reccomended this hotel as an alternative to another one in the area that had had some negative reviews from a family friend. We were given a room on the second floor with a wonderful view of Hyde Park, and although it was small compared to other rooms in the hotel, it was very cozy and served our needs to a tee. The beds were very comfortable, bathroom in good condition and the small fridge became very handy. It was also nice having a teapot, cups and a container to boil water in, as we ended up buying a large amount of tea in London during the trip! The hotel is in good condition, although the wallpaper in our room was pretty gaudy. On our first day, suffering greatly from jet lag, it was wonderful to stroll in the park, barely a minute away, and it was found later in the evening that there are some nice restaurants in the nearby area. The neighbourhood and hotel itself was relatively quiet during the night, so we slept very well during the whole stay (five nights). I'd say that the best feature of the hotel was the superior service, whether at the front desk or at breakfast. Housekeeping was especially wonderful with our room- we were pleased to come back to such a clean room with fresh towels on our beds after a long day in the city. Breakfast was the only thing worth complaining about, as it got pretty dull by the last few days- the croissants were excellent, but the daily cornflakes or dry rolls less so. All things considered- a fantastic hotel, especially for the price. It certainly added to the wonderful time we had in the UK.	
Mar 7 2006	Excellent Value for Money.	We stayed here for 3 nights in November when we went to London for a short break. We were pleasently surprised to find that our room had both a double and single bed and there was plenty of room. The staff were very very friendly. The rooms were very clean and were cleaned each day while we were out. I was afraid of how big the bathroom would be as I had heard not to expect anything much in London, but it was a fine size and had a really good shower in it. There was always hot water. The breakfast was the worst bit. The cornflakes were very soggy and the rolls weren't great either but then again we were out and about site seeing early so we just ate while we were out it suited us better. When we got home we got a letter from the hotel to thank us for our visit. It is a cheap and cheerful hotel and centrally located for everything. We will be staying here again if we go back to London.	
Jan 18 2006	All around good value for London	We stayed at the London Guards Hotel in January 2006, and I have to agree with the reviews that are posted on this site. All around, this hotel provided an excellent value for its price. It's clean, comfortable and in a safe and quiet neighborhood. It is also easy to get anywhere in the city from the hotel by using public transportation. It is definitely a little threadbare but if you're looking for good budget accomodations, this is it. The breakfast was a little sparse, so be warned if you are expecting a big spread. There are two kinds of cereal, croissants and bread rolls. Coffee, tea, juices and jams. That's it. Don't expect anything more.I used the reviews on Trip Advisor to help me find this hotel and was quite satisfied. There were no surprises. And that made me happy!	
Jan 12 2006	Great Hotel great location	I stayed at the London Guards last summer for 2 nights with my 3 sons. Our room was rather large, given London standards, with 2 king and 1 queen size bed. Price was reasonable - ~300$/night via Expedia. This would have been a big room even by american standards. The bath was very clean, and the staff extremely friendly and helpful with tour advices, public transportation etc.Location was convenient, close to Hyde Park. While you can't really walk to any of the big attractions, you can get there easily with public transportation. The neighborhood felt very safe, even at night. Case in point: as my sons pointed out lots of nice expensive cars parked on the street!	
Jan 11 2006	Great location I'd stay again	London Guards Hotel was a great value for the money. The hotel is older, small, on a nice quiet cul-de-sac just north of Hyde Park--you can see the park from the front door. The location could not be better--5 minutes to Lancaster Gate Tube, 7 minutes to Queensway, 9 to Bayswater, 12 to Paddington. Very well lit, safe, high rent area. (Newly renovated 3 bedroom flat next door was listed at 1.7 million GBP) Our room was large by London standards, clean and comfortable. The TV was tiny with very limited channels, but I'm not in London to watch television! The bathroom was decent size with plenty of hot water, clean tile, not funky. The only real complaint I have is the shower curtain was mildewy at the bottom and smelled mildewy when you ran the water. There was a towel heater in the bathroom. The staff was friendly and very accomodating, although I'm not a difficult or demanding guest so I cannot tell you how they would react to requests above and beyond what was provided. Not beautifully decorated and in fact the wallpaper, Queen Anne style chairs, bachelor pad couches and wooden parquet floors and chandeliers were a bit incongruous in their juxtaposition of styles, but, again, it doesn't matter to me if it's clean, well-located and safe. I'd stay here again any time. If you walk toward the Bayswater tube station, you will find all manner of anything you need--Boots, huge variety of food from American staples (KFC, McDonald's, Burger King, Subway, Starbucks) to chippies, pubs, etc. There's also some cheap internet cafes (50p for an hour) as well. If you've ever read the book &quot;The Mouse and the Motorcycle&quot;, the London Guards is the hotel in that book in my imagination. Enjoy!	
Dec 23 2005	You get what you pay for. And that's not much	We spent four nights on London Guards Hotel. The booking was easy and paid 240 pounds or so.The room had dirty windows, occasionally working toilet flush switch, an unpleasent and strong airfreshner smell in the bathroom - had they something to hide? The bed was hard, TV had a bad or no signal at all, we saw the receptionist guy seven times, there was two times when he was NOT on the phone talking foreign language, not english.The bottom floor stinked, there had to be some plumbing hazard or something, you couldn't really breathe on the hallways in bottom floor. And the breakfast was served in that floor, luckily that room didn't smell. The plates, cups and forks were dirty on three of the four breakfasts that we had.It was bad, but I guess it's the best you can get with budget like this. On any other place you could have much more. Despite being cheap, I cannot recommend this hotel as there HAS to be something better than this with 60 pound per night, even in London.	
Dec 6 2005	Excellent Hotel	Full modern shower and bathtub. Plenty of hot water and good water pressure. Clean room and common areas. We stayed 7 nights and staff was always friendly and accommodating. Our double room was adequate size, high ceiling, included a small refrigerator, and a safe. Bathroom was large. The hotel has an elevator. The Lancaster Gate tube station is a five minute walk as is Hyde Park. The neighborhood has an elegant feel to it. If you stay be sure to check out the nearby Archery Tavern at 4 Bathurst Street, it has a real pub atmosphere and great pub food with the landlord/publican on site most of the times we were there. The Swan at 66 Bayswater Road lacks the &quot;real&quot; pub feel but the staff were very warm and welcoming.	
Dec 1 2005 	Very Good value and would recommend	I visit London on business and pleasure and have previously stayed at many other locations. This hotel is however exceptionally good value. I had a single room which was adequate and if alone who needs a lot of room. The room was warm, dry and quiet. A pre-requisite for business travel. Breakfast was a surprise as to the cost of the &quot;English&quot; breakfast - tinned mushrooms not welcome - otherwise good if not a little pricey. But continental breakfast fine. Staff could have been friendlier. Conclusion - will I stay there again - yes;will I recomend - already have.	
Oct 31 2005	Best Value	We stayed at the London Guards for 6 nights. Overall, it was a very good experience and I would definitely stay there again. In fact, I would recommend this hotel.The rooms were clean, though not big. The bathroom, which was spotless, did not only have a shower but also a tub. The staff were so helpful. THe best thing of all, the room had a fridge and a safe. Some say the drawback is the breakfast. But, I didn't care. The hotel served only croissant or bread and cereals, plus orange or grapefruit juice and coffee or tea. I didn't choose the hotel for its breakfast. As a matter of fact, other hotels that never showed good reviews cost more and didn't serve breakfast. The location is simply ok. It is a good walk to the tube station, unlike the other hotels that have a station right at its doors or are not far from it. Anyway, the walk to the Bayswater station is good (compared to the nearer Lancaster Gate station) because there are lots of shops and restaurants on the way. For £59/night, I would say that I got great value for my money.	
Oct 20 2005	Not bad for London!	This is London....so unless you pay mega bucks don't expect anything TOO fancy.For 180 GBP for 3 nights(via Lastminute) we found this to be a pleasant,clean and overall a good standard of hotel.Its proximity is near Lancaster gate tube station and Hyde Park.Our room was on the top floor (4th) and we had no problemw as they had a lift!!!!The only drawback was the Breakfast Buffet!!!If you are a big breakfast eater(All you americans BEWARE!!!!) this may be a shock to the system and you may need an extra breakfast later!!!YOu only get cereal (2 sorts) and Croissants and rolls.Oh yes...you get tea or coffee!!!!Overall its a good,clean,good value for money hotel and the staff were pleasnt too!	
Oct 5 2005	Good value clean and spacious rooms.	Stayed at the London Guards for 3 consecutive nights in late september. Double was GBP 65 a night incl. breakfast.The rooms are a bit worn and do not expect to much from the breakfast.Location is good, 5-10 minutes from Lancaster Gate tube station. Quiet neighbourhood. Beds were good too. Our room had a fridge and was clean and rather spacious (!). Having stayed in some rather dodgy, extremely small rooms elswehere in London, I found this to be really good value. Would recommend it.Enjoy London!	
Sep 27 2005	Glad we stayed!!	During our recent trip to England, we spent one night at the London Guards Hotel and were not disappointed at all! After being warned by more than one person about the 'tiny hotel rooms in London' we were amazed by the size of our room! There were two beds in the room as well as a full living room area and a good size bathroom. The hotel was clean and the staff friendly. They also helped us out with an early check in on our day of arrival. The breakfast was fine- nothing special but it served its purpose- some cereal and some croissants to keep us going for the morning. The short (5 minutes or so) walk to the tube made it very easy to come and go from the hotel. We have recommended the hotel to others and will definitely think about going back on our next trip to London!	
Sep 24 2005	excellent hotel	I decided to stay at 'London Guards Hotel' firstly because it was fairly cheap in comparison with all other London hotels and because I had read such good critics here!Well, it was certainly worth it. Perfect location, very friendly staff and most importantly CLEAN! OUr room was pretty spacious; tv, air-conditioning, boiler, shower/bathroom .. I requested 2nd or 3rd floor as a trip advisor member advised and it was just fine!Breakfast was a bit poor but who really cares? After departure, I even received a letter home thanking for the stay etc etc which was highly appreciated.I recommend it 100%. Oh, do ask them the service to/from the aiport or any other location. It's worth it - not expensive and saves you from a lot of trouble. Don't book a taxi yourselves!!! They offer a very good service for a logical price (if there's any logic in London!!!!!!)Unfortunately, photos are not that clear but you can get an idea!!	
Sep 20 2005	A great place to stay	A great place to stay. Our room on the 4th floor was huge, with 3 beds. Very clean bathroom (with big tub), fridge, TV and very quiet at night. Location was excellent, 5 min level walk to Lancaster Gate tube or 10 mins to Paddington Heathrow Express terminal. Continental breakfast was fine. I would stay again.	
Sep 18 2005 	Satisfied	This is a satisfactory place to stay, for a decent price. Our room was nicely decorated, although it seems like its been a while since the last overhall-- there was some peeling wallpaper in the corners etc. The room and bathroom were very clean though, which is the most important thing. The bed was comfortable, and having the fridge in the room was very useful.The service is no-frills-- not bad at all, but no extras. The continental breakfast was very average. I tried the full English breakfast one morning, (costs extra), but it wasn't so great. If you stay here and like a big breakfast, go for the ham and cheese omelette instead.Overall, satisifactry, especially if you're on a budget.	
Aug 11 2005	Good Hotel Nice location	After reading the reviews for London Guards Hotel in this site, I booked a room in it. I was not disappointed.- Nice location: 5 min walking from “Lancaster Gate” Underground station. Very quiet neighbourhood.- Good value for money: we did get a very good price on the internet for one night only, from Saturday to Sunday. - Clean &amp; spacious rooms.: as advised in one of the reviews, we asked for a room in the upper floors when making the booking. We were given a room in the 4th floor. Very quiet apart from a continuous “buzz” coming from the air conditioning engine on the roof of the building.(although it did not matter to me at all).- I was surprised by the nice fridge in the room. There is also a kettle, a TV, a hair dryer. The bath room was spacious and very clean. Towels and shower gel were provided.- Nice continental breakfast: tea/coffee, croissants and bread, jam &amp; cereals, orange juice.Tip: Make your booking through a London hotel’s website and get the unofficial price: you’ll save money and then the hotel will really be good value for the price.Ask for a room in the upper floors: maybe not on the 4th floor if you want to avoid the very light “buzz” coming from the roof .I will definitely come back to London Guards Hotel for my next visit in London.	
Aug 8 2005	Great location/value	This was a good, clean hotel, I was very pleased for the price I paid (via lastminute) It has the high ceilings that so many have mentioned, and it is more like staying in a london home that has been converted than a hotel. It was clean, looked good from outside and in, in a quiet location behind a church ( you can see hyde park, it is about a block in front) the receptionists were very nice and helpful. Breakfast was a nice affair, crosaints, toast, juices, cereals, etc. Full English costs more, didn't have that, continental was enough (It is basically all you can eat!) Right, now for you AMERICANS :::: (I can say this because I am American living in England) This is what you may not like. It is about a 5 minute walk (YES WALK) from Lancaster Gate Tube station. About the equivalent of 3 blocks. Nice, clean, safe streets though! This is a great location if you don't mind taking the tube everywhere. It is in Zone 1, so very central. Our room had an adequate double (Probably smaller than what yanks are used to ) and a single bed as well. (Even though only two of us in room. ) I remember an American mentioning the towels were small. I found them very adequate, clean, white, etc, they fit me ok. (Size 12 UK, I think 10 US? ) CAble is good, TV works, kettle, etc, I could find no fault with this and the price we paid (59£) we were very happy.	
Jul 25 2005	Nice Room Pleasant Staff Great Location 	This is a small Botique Hotel on the edge of Hyde Park between Bayswater and Notting Hill. This was the only 3-star hotel we could find that offered large rooms (we are a family of 5) and airconditioning at a reasonable price. The hotel is old-world and charming. While it does not come across as a new Hilton or Marriot, it does come across as authentic and British. Beautiful old world crown molding in the lobby and corridor, internet access from the lobby, basc breakfast an interesting bar and a friendly staff. The location was excellent: Nice neighborhood, centrally located and near the tube. I stay in London all the time for business and pay much higherprices for hotels that do not in any significant way outshine the London Guard. Nice place to sleep while visiting London... Save your money for the city.. you'll need it !	
Jun 22 2005	a nice hotel	We got what we expected. friendly staff. nice triple room. AC was o.k. breakfast a bit poor but fair. the area was quiet and very near the beautiful Hyde Park and the Tube.	
Jun 22 2005	Ask for rooms on upper floor	I stayed at the London Guards Hotel in June and on the first night was assigned a room that was depressing, dark, dant and musty. The beds were terrible in terms of large divets and depressions in the middle causing one to either roll to the side or sink in the middle. I asked for a different room the second day and was given a room that was so wonderful in contrast. This room had high 15 foot corniced ceilings, large windows, flowered wallpaper, smelled lovely and the beds were firm and level. What a difference!!! I couldn't ask for a better room, so be sure to ask for an upper level room and not one in the basement or ground level.	
Jun 13 2005	Good hotel good Price!!	We recently stayed 3 nigths at the London Guards Hotel. It was 4 adults in a Family room. I have been to London before and I was pleasantly surprised with the size of the rooms. The rooms were big for London standards, with refrigerators to keep beverages and snacks which is very handy. The bathroom was a very good size and the tub was quite nice. Water pressure was excellent and there was plenty of hot water. Continental breakfast is included. Location is great. The tube and the bus are 1 1/2 to 2 blocks away. Hyde park is also about a 4 minute walk from the hotel. The hotel staff was very friendly. They helped us to book some tours which was great. For anyone with a car, there is a carpark not too far from the hotel and they offer discounted rates to guests of the hotel. Overall, it was a very pleasant experience. I would definitely come back to this hotel and highly recommend it. It is not a 5 star but it is a good hotel at a good price.	
Jun 1 2005	Spacious London hotel	We just returned from our stay in England which included two nights in London at the London Guards Hotel. We were very pleased with this hotel. We had a quad room (2 adults/2 kids) and it was very large, even by American standards, with high ceilings and huge windows which added to the spacious feel. We had two double beds and a single off to the side which gave our teenager a tiny bit more privacy than you would expect in a shared room. With an electric tea kettle and fridge, we were able to have a nice snack time in the room. The bathroom was sizable with very good water pressure and plenty of hot water. Windows in the room and bathroom opened for a nice breeze. The staff was friendly and competent, but not particularly bubbly. I would add that in addition to the included breakfast you can order a more full breakfast -- we found that for 3 pounds (approx. $5.50) you could get one order of eggs and bacon which was large enough to supplement our family's breakfast (a piece of bacon [very good bacon] each, and a bit of scrambled eggs). Everything was clean and neat, but not fancy. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
May 23 2005	Pleasantly surprised	After reading several reviews of the London Guards and other London hotels, I was expecting to be jammed in the equivalent of a storage closet. The London Gurards Hotel was a pleasant surprise. First, the location is great. Within a few blocks radius you have the Lancaster Gate tube station, a bus stop, a cash machine at the Shell station, a fairly good shopping district and a relaxing walk through Kensington Gardens. The hotel is located a couple of blocks off busy Bayswater Road, so it is pretty quiet. While the room is not huge, nor is it fancy. It was clean and large enough for the 3 of us to move around pretty well for the 5 nights we were there. In fact, it was larger than some of the motels we havestayed in here in &quot;The States&quot;. We had requested a room with 3 single beds, and we got it. The bathroom was &quot;functional&quot;, nothing special. The shower had plenty of water pressure and hot water. One negtive was theair conditioning. It wasn't working the first night, but the staff checked into it and got it working. However, it wasn't working again the second night. It was on the third day that we were told that they turn it off at 10:00 PM due to the noise. Thankfully, the tempratures at night were cool, the windows opened and the room had a fan. The continental breakfast, which was included with the room, was small, but tasty, cereal, breads, juice, coffee or tea. The staff was polite and courteous and seemed happy to help when we needed assistance. I don't know when or if we will visit London again, but if we do, the London Guards Hotel would definitely deserve consideration for our accomodations.	
Mar 24 2005	OK	For London, where everything tends to be expensive, this hotel is a good value if you get a reduced rate by booking though a third-party website.The only problem: after making a reservation for a twin room, we were given a room with a double bed (big enough for only one person), a sofa bed (with no linens), and a roll-away cot (only big enough for a child). We requested a room change for the second night and had a much better room.	
Feb 27 2005	A Gem	I stayed four nights in February, 2005. Anyone who complains about the London Guards Hotel has not stayed at many London budget hotels. This is a gem. On check in, I was first taken to a ground floor room, but my research had told me these tended to be noisy. I mentioned this, and I was given a room on the first floor overlooking Lancaster Gate. Cleanliness was excellent. Bathroom was large enough, clean, and functional. Staff was pleasant and helpful. Breakfast was entirely bread and corn flakes-type cereal, but with a refrigerator in the room, I simply did a little shopping and had some great meals in the room. This will be the first place I check when I return to London.	
Feb 21 2005	Guards Hotel	I Stayed here with my girlfriend for 4 nights during mid Feb. I found the hotel to be better then average and very good value. Although if you do want to stay in this hotel I do suggest shopping around on the websites for the best deal - as its about £130 a night for a double room when you are there, I paid £160 for four nights on one website but you could have paid up to £400 for the same duration.The rooms are big for London, and had a nice fridge and all the things you expect. Reception were always helpful but never bugged you. The hotel was very clean, and room-service would clean your room when you wanted it to be at pretty much any time during there day (till 5pm).The hotel is located in a leafy bit of Lancaster Gate and about 5 - 7 mins from the tube, which is, pretty much perfects. There is also a local store, which sells odd bits you might need (but not newspapers!)All in all this is the best budget London hotel I have stayed in, next time I’m in the city i will stay here. One minus point though, like so many hotels in London you have to leave your key at reception when you go out - they say its for security, never been to keen on this idea but that’s just the way it is.	
Feb 20 2005	What a dump	We stayed there in July 2004 and found it dingy and run down. Indifferent staff. I would not recommend it.	
Feb 18 2005	Great value for the price	Me and my wife stayed three nights in London Guards lately. We get an excellent price through ----------- when booking about a month beforehand (less than third of the rack price). Must say that hotel was great value for the price we paid.The room was clean and comfortable, thus the double bed was not stardard wide but it didn't bother us since we like to sleep close to each other...Breakfast was not very hearty but as we already know about what to expect (thanks to other reviews on this site) it was OK.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who doesn't want or need five star luxury but a cheap, comfortable and clean room quite near the center of London with good public transport connections.	
Jan 14 2005	Good room good location good price. Simply good.	Me and my girlfriend stayed at the London Guard for three knights and where very pleased with our stay there.The rooms were clean and so was the bathroom (taken in mind that this isn’t a totally new building and it’s not Hilton). Our room looked very much as the rooms in the photos displayed on there page.The last time I visited London I stayed in a much more expensive hotel and it was horrible. So I wasn’t sure what to expect from a hotel for this price.It’s not super fancy but it suites people who want a nice, clean, cheep hotel close to the city centre. I would strongly recommend the hotel to anyone travelling to London.	
Jan 7 2005	Nice hotel great location good price	I was worried about staying at this hotel, since I had a bad experience with another privately-owned townhouse converted to hotel. But I was very pleasantly surprised. The hotel is located just three blocks from Lancaster gate tube near the north-central part of Hyde Park. It is also with in walking distance of Paddington Station. They have a lift (elevator). The room was very spacious with a desk, wardrobe, safe, refrigerator and tea kettle. The bath was clean and had a nice large tub and shower (and even a medicine cabinet and a hairdryer). Only continential breakfast is included. I couldn't have been happier for the price we apid was the cheapest in our 3 week stay and one of the better budget hotels i have stayed at anywhere. I would suggest booking your own taxis as they hired an unmetered private car that tried to overcharge me and was a very poor driver that ran red lights.	
Nov 7 2004	Good location funny bathroom smell	the outside and lobby are very pretty. There is a PC in the lobby that provides very cheap Internet access to check your emails. It is in a good and safe location, right by a tube stop and the park. I thought the room was a typical (small bed/bathroom) European 3 star. We had an interesting 2-story, 2 room, 2 bed room even though we only needed one bed. The bathroom and towels had a very funky smell. My husband did not like it, but I thought it was worth what we paid for the location and quality. A little &quot;secret&quot; - there is a very surreal Russian-run bar down in the basement. You have to check this out.	
Sep 25 2004	Very smelly	Rooms smelled of filthy cigarette smoke. When asked for a non smoking room was told that I was in it! Room was lovely and street was very quiet. Great location, but smelly room made it difficult to sleep.	
Aug 30 2004	Great Value	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel. We had a last minute booking for a twin room and ended up with a family room - plenty of space to spread out! It was perfectly situated for seeing the sights. Also the breakfast seemed perfectly adequate to us and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Only small niggle was the plumbing. The shower was rather antiquated and when running a bath one morning, the cold water came out of the bath tap and the hot out of the shower! For the price we paid it was great value - if you want luxury pay luxury prices! This is an old building not a modern &quot;box&quot;. We would happily go back	
Aug 24 2004	excellent value	Just returned from two night stay. Hotel very clean, staff pleasant, triple room very spacious. The area although a few minutes out of london was very pleasant and close to tube. We found two nice pubs for food and drinks and two nice restaurants. Minus point bar/restaurant closed in hotel, but I would return and recommend the hotel.	
Aug 20 2004	A good place to stay	Enjoyed very much our stay in airconditioned well equiped ensuite room for bargain price. The breakfest was not as good - for extras you should pay.	
Aug 18 2004	great value	We stayed at the London Guards hotel for two weeks in August, 2004. We were thrilled with our large, clean, air-conditioned room. The hot water ran out a couple of times and once the maid made an executive decision about what was &quot;rubbish,&quot; and needed to be thrown away...but otherwise our visit was stress-free and very pleasant. The (included) continental breakfast is orange and/or grapefruit juice; dry cereal ; toast, croissants and rolls; coffee or tea. One could order off the menu (an expensive option) if one needed a more substantial start to the day. Since there are refrigerators in the rooms, you could have a handy stash of yogurt and other snacks. This was my 10th trip to London and I have never returned to a hotel (including a Hilton and a Sheraton), but I would definitely return to the London Guards......I think it is an excellent value. The location is convenient to shopping, restaurants, and public transportation. If you like to walk, it is literally steps from beautiful Hyde Park.	
Jun 18 2004	great staff	The staff was terrific..solved the A/C problems, set up a private car back to the airport for us, helped with directions and places to change money. I would stay there again. Also good location..near Hyde Park and tube stations. 	
Jun 15 2004	The place has a lot of potential.	We stayed at the London Guards in June, 2004. First the positive - the maids did a great job keeping our room clean. The sheets, floor and bathroom was always clean. The room was also very quiet. Unfortunately, it appears that repairs are not a high priority. I.E., the ice-maker was not working during our entire 7 day stay. The shower was held up with duct tape, and the couch in our room was tattered and stained. And finally, upon arrival, we caught the Heathrow Express, then hailed a cab from Paddington Station to our hotel...the cost for the cab was 4 pounds. We asked the concierge to arrange for a cab to take us to Paddington Station to catch the Heathrow Express for our return home. Instead of a cab, they arranged for a &quot;mini-van&quot; to take us to the airport. The van was smaller than the cab and we were charged 13 pounds for the same trip.	
Apr 12 2004	Love this hotel!	I'm puzzled by the negative reviews I see here. I stayed at the London Guards in December 2003 and found it just wonderful. The rooms were clean and the bathroom was pristine with a great shower. The room itself was HUGE, the ceilings were high and you could lie on the bed and gaze out the window which was particularly nice on rainy mornings. I was on an upper floor and it was quiet and just lovely. The best things are that there is a fridge AND air conditioning but best of all, the bathroom is sort of off by itself, off the entrance to the room (inside the room, of course) but separated from the room by 2 doors. I don't know about you, but I like the privacy this allows. The internet service downstairs is cheap and the staff is very cheerful, even in the wee hours of the morning! The bed was comfy and this hotel has a nice quirkyness about it, full of secret passageways and odd angles. It took me 10 minutes to find my way downstairs the first time I stayed there! lol I love this place and for the money...come on people, let's not be sooo critical. If you want the quality of the Savoy, you can stay at the Savoy.	
Apr 7 2004	Quality is Slipping	I just returned from a week long stay at the London Guards. This was my third stay at the hotel and I was disappointed with the decline in the overall condition of the facility. The bed coverings were dirty, the rooms were not well cleaned, we ran out of hot water several mornings, the elevator floor was warping, and the wallpaper was peeling off the wall. The staff was very helpful, however, and allowed me to move to a more suitable room when one became available. I love the location and staff of the hotel but am not sure that I will return unless the room rate is extremely favorable!	
Mar 11 2004	Unhelpful staff	I was in London with 2 American friends and had to change hotels as the original booked was not good! We went on-line and found this, unfortunately... On arrival, the guy at reception was not at all helpful and then told us that although we had booked a triple room we actually had a double with an extra single bed. One of those situations where you know it will take so long to find another hotel and only a short trip etc etc so we agreed to take it. The room was small but OK -the windows rattled the whole nights - and there was no heating in the very cold bathroom. We only had one key and that nights two of us went to theatre while our friend recovered from her flight. The receptionist was most put out that we asked him to open the door - he thought we should wake her up! Dont go - find another, friendlier hotel!	
Mar 2 2004	Saty away	I did not sleep at all, beds way too hard. Rooms tiny. Brakfast is just a lite snack, you are better off at a vending machine. Attraction are way too far. STAY AWAY	
Jan 12 2004	Dreadful		
Jan 7 2004	Clean And Quiet		
Dec 16 2003	good value good location		
Jul 23 2003	Great Location but...		
Jul 1 2003	Would go back!		
Jun 6 2003	London Guards disappointment		
Oct 8 2009 	Tranquillo e ben collegato		
Sep 14 2009 	Très bien		
Sep 13 2009 	Für City Trip beste Wahl		
Sep 3 2009 	Albergo ideale per visitare Londra		
Aug 31 2009 	Il peggior servizio mai avuto!		
Aug 23 2009 	Calidad y precio no se corresponden		
Aug 21 2009 	Bon Hotel		
Jul 28 2009 	Empfehlenswert		
Jul 14 2009 	Volveria a ir sin dudarlo		
Jun 28 2009 	ottimo		
Jun 26 2009 	ottimo hotel		
Jun 14 2009 	pulito e centralissimo		
Jan 11 2009 	Indische Gastwirtschaft		
Nov 2 2008 	Bon rapport Qualité/prix		
Oct 28 2008 	Comodo e essenziale		
Oct 6 2008 	Das Hotel London Guards ist emfehlenswert!		
Sep 7 2008 	Furchtbar dreckig!		
Aug 23 2008 	Céntrico zona tranquila y buena relación calidad/precio.		
May 13 2008 	Parfait pour visiter.		
Feb 17 2008 	Awful		
Jan 4 2008 	Encantador		
Dec 16 2007	Hôtel de charme dans un quartier résidentiel face à Hyde Park		
Dec 11 2007 	Nada de lujos pero muy buen situado		
Dec 6 2007 	ha rispettato le aspettative		
Sep 28 2007 	E` andato tutto bene		
Jun 22 2007 	excelentemente bien ubicadolas habitaciones son comodas el baño esta bien		
Sep 7 2006	Bien dans l'ensemble malgré certains points à améliorer.		
Aug 24 2006	tranquilidad y muy malo y escaso café		
