Nov 23 2009 	A truly appalling hotel; never again	I booked a &quot;suite&quot; (ha! ha!) for 3 nights at GBP 160 per night. The cash was extracted on arrival before seeing the room (maybe my mistake). The room was very small, the heating and air conditioning did not work, the safe was locked so you could not use it, the heating system made terrible noises all night, the breakfast is unbelievably bad. The area is not too nice, either.I left the next day. I was refunded just GBP 160 - so that meant I paid 320 for one night!. I moved to the Hilton at Paddington where the room was probably twice as big, everything worked, the location is nice and the room cost maybe 200- so - 20% more..	
Nov 21 2009 	We won't stay here again.....................	On the surface rooms look good but we had to change rooms 3 times in three nights.. First move because of very noisy radiator (sounded like a motorcycle) Second because of bites all over... Third room was ok. Definitely would not stay again.....They don't even provide face cloths.	
Nov 20 2009 	Pretty Good.	Room 05.Double En Suite. Ajoining room door. Ok room size. Bed Ok. Linens ok. Usual amenities in room. Coffee maker etc.. Bathroom was large and clean. No problems. Plenty of towels. Depsite do no disturb towels delivered everyday. Ajoining room was a bit of a pain with neigbors noise level. MAJOR: telephone charges were outrageous! Thats my one complaint. take your cell phone. AIR CONDITIONING: NO. has a ceiling fan. Ok in the month I visited and probably through Spring OK But Summer - wouldnt stay here. The location is fantastic: for the clubs I wanted to visit. Close to some eating spots: out the door and turn right towards Vauxhall. On right side cool little eatery offering big breakfasts all day. Evening meal: out door turn left to a Portugese restaurant an bar. Big portions. I will be going again 19th of December. Good value. Not luxury but not nasty. INTERNET; not free via a service 20 pounds week, Not sure what the day rate was. So call. Very expensive i thoughtat 1.50 pound a minute..	
Oct 31 2009 	Basic convenient but poor air quality.	This is a basic and inexpensive crashpad to easily explore London. Don't book through the hotel reservation desk or website where lowest rates were about 130 pounds per night. I paid about 45 pounds per night through another web service.3 of 5 points.Bed: 0.5 points - Only a twin sided bed was on offer, however it was very comfortable and I got a great night's sleep.Bathroom: 0.5 points - The bathroom was a capsule-like water closet, with the toilet, sink, and shower almost on top of each other. However, there was plenty of hot water and it did the job.Service: 0.5 points - Efficient lightning fast check in and check out. There was no turn-down service between nights. Wi-fi was available at a cost of 10 pounds per day.Location: 1 point - 8 minute walk from the Vauxhall Underground and bus station will take you anywhere in the city within a half an hour. There is a beautiful public park about 50 meters from the hotel. Vauxhall is also thick with bars and dance clubs. Thumpa thumpa thumpa!Atmosphere: 0.5 points - This hotel built a sweet a single rooms in a portable housing unit (i.e. trailer!) abutting the hotel. The rooms are tiny and basic, but comfortable. However, there's no air conditioning. The sliver of a window provided poor ventilation and opened directly onto a busy sidewalk.	
Sep 30 2009 	Good value for money	Very nice hotel, small, with very few staff but very clean and comfortable. Location wise, it is not to far from the underground (5 - 10 minutes walk), Only negative thing is that the walls between rooms are very thin and sometimes you can hear what your neighbours are talking about.	
Sep 17 2009 	a great hotel and a fab price	i stayed here on my own for 3 nights in september. it's about 4 mins walk from vauxhall station, the area is fantastic (fopr someonne like me who forgets to pack shampoo &amp; toothpaste, there's plenty of lil convenience stores about, as well as a big sainsbury's down the street). the room was beautiful, large, with comfy bed, great view, and TV and phone. bathroom was immaculate, well-appointed and clean with fresh towels every day. breakfast was fab, and not served at an ungodly hour like most places;) all in all a fantastic stay, and in will definately be booking again in december when me and a friend come to see phantom of the opera as each other's christmas presents!!!:)	
Sep 16 2009 	It will do - just	Booked via laterooms.com - and on arrival the hotel reception said they had no knowledge of my reservation. All I can say is beware using laterooms.com! Hotel did have a spare room available and honoured the price, so well done to them. Just glad I did not arrive late at night on a busy day.Hotel is clearly a refurbished - what, office block or something - but is clean, no nonsense and OK for a short stay. The room (for four) was not too bad in terms of size, for a central London hotel. Bathroom is a prefabricated &quot;pod&quot;, not unlike the sort of thing you get in the cabin of a ship. It's very small but perfectly functional.Our TV had about six channels, all completely fuzzy and virtually unwatchable without squinting hard.Hotel is about a ten minute walk from Vauxhall tube station. The area is safe enough but completely devoid of charm. You are however only minutes away, especially by tube, of all the sights. There are a few local shops, where you can get groceries, newspapers etc. A pub faces the hotel across the road, but from the outside I'm not sure it is one I would choose to frequent.Our room was on the ground floor, and we did not hear a sound from within the hotel itself. But it did face onto the busy South Lambeth Road and as others have said there is traffic noise all night. I was expecting it to be worse, but we got a reasonable night's sleep. Had to check out at 6am, so did not sample breakfast. Hotel got us a cab without any problem.Cheap, not particularly cheerful, but if you are desperate or short of funds, it will do.	
Aug 15 2009 	A fair sized room at a reasonable price but what price peace and quiet.	An easy ten minute walk from Vauxhall tube and overground. I opted for a smaller room at a slightly reduced price (£70) and was perfectly happy with its size, cleanliness and mini bathroom. However, my room was on the ground floor facing the main road. The windows doubled as a fire exit and did not close tightly. I could see outside through the 10mm gap. Consequently noise was a disturbance throughout the night - sirens, more sirens, passers by, more sirens, traffic. Perhaps my room was the exception.	
Aug 10 2009 	Average budget hotel in London	This a basic budget hotel located on the south side of the Thames. The hotel is about 12 min walk to the nearest public transport (Vauxhall station has trains, underground and bus station).Room decor is basic but clean. Our room was a twin with comfortable beds. TV was poor quality with only 5 channels and the picture quality was poor. Room had a small desk, full length mirror and a hair dryer. No wardrobe, but there was a small area to hang about 8 items of clothing. There is also a small kettle with tea and coffee. No air conditioning, but there was a fan “thing” on the ceiling but I couldn’t get it to work.The bathroom was small and basic with just a small shower, but with lots of good hot water.There was wireless internet access available but cost £5 per hour.The hotel has a small breakfast bar providing continental style food at extra cost. There is also a small (and expensive) bar serving everything in bottles – for some reason they don’t give out glasses!We found the hotel to be rather noisy. Located a few hundred meters to a major road junction, it seemed every police or emergency vehicle put on their sirens as they approached the junction, even at 4am. Also it appears to be close to the Heathrow airport flight path, so from 6am to midnight there was quite a bit of aircraft noise.There is also parking at the hotel at extra cost, but when I was there, the car park barrier was always up, so maybe it was free?	
Jul 26 2009 	worst hotel i've seen in it's class	- small bathroom as it's like in 25£ easyhotels,- flaky accesories,- tasteless room and furniture,- no iron &amp; ironing board provided. you need to do your ironing in 1st floor public facilities. come on, if i was to stay in a commune hotel, there were a lot of hostels.- unhelpful personnel	
Jul 26 2009 	There is much better value close by.	I stayed at this hotel with my adult daughter. Our room was on the Lambeth Rd. side and the traffic noise never stopped. This hotel while perfectly clean has reduced everything to the lowest cost for themselves. It is almost as though they do not trust you. Breakfastyou pay for in advance, 5 pounds 95 p. It is very basic. Soap in the bathroom and showeris in a screwed in dispenser!! Our room phone didn't work for three days and yet every time I asked at reception they said they could only let us use the office phone once a day.. The cost was 109 pounds a night. We had stayed at &quot; The Windmill On The Common&quot; ( Clapham Common ) for two daysprior to this ( it was fully booked after that ). This is a lovely Hotel wonderfull staff nice outdoor area, nice indoor facilities, ie, lounge and bar. Great cooked breakfasts and these are included in the price of 108 pounds. The rooms are very comfortable . This hotel is between two tube stops close to clapham High St. and its shops and restaurants.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great location great value friendly staff	I stayed at the Comfort Inn Vauxhall in March with my friends and we were very impressed by the Customer Service at Reception. We are students in Germany and came to see London for first time. Location was convenient and near the most Sightseeing and museums. The receptionist called Eli was very helpful with the transport and locations guidance and even gave us a map. Also gave us prompt directions and bus information. She was very patient with all our questions and very pleasant and kind. If we come back to London we'll definitely staying in Comfort Inn	
Jun 6 2009 	curtains and bathroom spoiled it	At first it looked clean and comfortable enough; but the curtains were awful and could not be properly closed. The bathroom is very basic - small space with no real separation of toilet and shower space. This was a single room on ground floor. There may be better rooms higher up. The bed is narrow. Value for money questionable, given that another well-known chain offers &quot;last minute rooms&quot; which are also songle rooms but are much bigger with proper bathroom and 4.5 foot bed rather than 3 foot. for £20 cheaper. Located in a rather barren area, though there is a pleasant park nearby. Good bus and tube service to Victoria. Not easy to find good pubs or restaurants nearby. The lobby is a bit &quot;youth hostelish&quot;. Staff are pleasant and efficient enough.	
Jun 3 2009 	Very orange rooms!! But OK experience	This hotel is fine if it is near somewhere you are going (it was near a club we were going to). We were suprised at the size of the room - very spacious! The room was also very clean and comfortable (apart from the bright orange walls!). Unfortunately the service was not very good - they had lost my booking and were very rude about it as though it were my fault! Then the room keys did not work but again they acted as though it were something I had done that had made her forget to activate them! Would stay here again though!	
May 22 2009 	DIfferent than we expected	We stayed at this hotel in April over Easter Break. This is not what we expect from a Comfort Inn. The rooms were very tiny and my closet at home is bigger than the bathroom. You actually get your feet wet if you are in the bathroom when someone else is showering. However, two people may not be able to occupy the bathroom at the same time. WOW. The breakfast was interesting. I am glad it was included. I had coffee and toast with jelly. Not what I would call a decent breakfast. We skipped it the next day and went for some real food. Thought it was a little freaky that the lights in the hall are not on all the time. When you got down the hall at night, they come on as you go. That freaked out the young girls in our party. The bus stop is close, but the tube station is quite a walk. I would not want to walk it alone. It was a good 10-15 minutes and with suitcases, that was not fun. The hotel is not easy to find when you get off of the tube. We had to ask for directions quite a few times.	
May 18 2009 	Excellent value for money	Staff very friendly and helpful. The room was spacious and bright and cheerful. It was very quiet at night. Breakfast was o k but not stunning. close to tube and bus station. Would certainly go back again.	
May 6 2009 	No frills hotel great location	We stayed in a family room (2 adults, 3 kids) for 2 nights. Check in staff were friendly and helpful.The room was fine, reasonably spacious and clean, but rather noisy from outside traffic noise (but then you are in the centre of a city).Breakfast selection was relatively poor quality (soggy bread, cheap cornflakes).But, other than the above issues, we had an enjoyable stay, the hotel is very centrally located and surrounded by loads of quirky Portuguese and Spanish cafes and restaurants.	
Apr 27 2009 	Noisy and tatty room	We spent one very noisy night here. First impressions were OK, friendly reception staff but had no record that we'd paid an online rate which included breakfast. Had we not brought documentation with us, we would have been charged again for this.The room was most disappointing...badly stained carpet, stained and worn fixed furniture, dangerous,broken hairdryer (reported next morning).Room was hot and impossible to have windows open as noise from major road outside was awful. We asked to be moved but hotel was full. Noise from traffic and sirens continued throughout the night, despite double glazing. Breakfast was very basic and location in terms of surrounding cafes and restaurants, dismal. Find it hard to recommend, unless you're really stuck for somewhere to stay !	
Apr 22 2009	Stay at Comfort Inn Vauxhall	I stayed at the Comfort Inn Vauxhall and was very impressed by the Customer Service at Reception.They were polite and happy to assist in booking a table at a local restaurant and a taxi to the airport.The room was clean and I would defiantly go back.	
Apr 20 2009 	Good base	A group of 7 of us stayed at this hotel for 1 night on a visit to the Renaissance Rooms Roller Disco, the location was excellant, just a 5 min walk.Check in was smooth and we had no problems with the rooms, (they were basic but clean and comfortable).This hotel does what it says on the tin. You cant ask for any better than that?	
Apr 6 2009 	A bare room but a helpful manager	I completely mucked up my booking by canceling it within the minimum cancelation time period of the hotel (being a bear of little intelligence I didn't realise that the hotel.com policy of same day cancelation at no cost was over rideden by the hotels 2 day cancelation policy so I decided to stay there anyway). The hotel manager was quite relaxed about me staying in the hotel but hotel.com found lots of reasons to object- I think I won them round in the end but only my credit card statement will really tell!Anyway the room was small &amp; very sparse as was the reception area &amp; was by a very busy road- It didn't disturb me because I was tired out.. The bathroom was one of those plastic all over jobs &amp; again quite small. I thought the hotel quite expensive despite their being a 'sale' on They have parking but did I read right it was £16 per day? Do check I would hate to be wrong	
Apr 5 2009 	Excellent hotel definitely stay again	We were slightly dubious of this hotel due to the fantastic price for four girls in a quad room. However, we were really impressed from the start. Really lovely check in staff in a lovely lobby and the room was really smart, clean and perfect. Excellent pub the Wheatsheaf is opposite the room and not only is the tube within walking distance, the bus station links you to everywhere in London. Lovely Portuguese area with some great little cafes if you wanted to stay local.Very, very impressed and would definitely stay again.	
Feb 10 2009 	Love The Place	From the time of check in till the time we checked out great service received, staff was very helpful, room was cleaned with all facilities, walking distance to underground station and bus stop is opposite the hotel.	
Feb 6 2009 	Loved The Place -- New Great Look	Great new look of Lobby, rest &amp; public areas, comfortable bed &amp; room with modern decor will definetly stay again.	
Dec 14 2008 	Hmmm Bizarre place to staty	The reception was not very friendly on arrival.The sink in the bathroom stank. The room was large though. We booked a triple room and were lucky to get one. The beds were comfy- but one was rammed up against a hot radiator.The bathroom only had a shower not a bath. But apart from the stinky sink it was fine.There were tea and coffee facilities and the night staff were fine about supplying more teabags etc.The breakfast was weird - no cooked breakfast - just toast - a bowl of cornflakes - I did see a bowl full of beans though. Definitely not worth the effort and nothing to get excited about.All in all - the hotel is a bit bizarre asit wants to be like a travel lodge but it just isn't. - We were just pleased to have a triple room.	
Nov 25 2008 	Pleasantly suprised	After reading some of the reviews, and realising where the hotel was, I had some reservations but the hotel was in fact quite inviting, the room was modern and comfortable. It is called the Comfort Inn and Hotel 87 is hidden only visible when you enter the hotel round the back.Carparking was expensive at £18 overnight. The only downside was lack of restaurant on site - not a great area to wonder on your own and the restaurants were not very inviting.I would certainly recommend for an overnight business stay.	
Nov 23 2008 	AKA Comfort Inn	I booked Hotel 87 through a popular website, after checking out other people's reviews. Both my husband and I are not too demanding and we just wanted a good hotel closest to central London with a reasonable price.Other reviews had explained that this hotel is in fact called Comfort Inn and Hotel 87 was nowhere to be seen. Well yes there is a sign in yellow with Hotel 87 written in bold black by the car park to the hotel but all the rest says Comfort Inn! After staying there for 10 nights I still can't understand the two name phenomenon :)I would say it's good value for money considering the location. (Vauxhall is in Zone 1/2) so its cheaper for travelling especially with the Oyster card by either tube or bus. A bus station is right outside the hotel. Numbers 2 and 88 on the opposite side take you straight to key sites such as trafalgar square, piccadilly circus etc in 10-15 minutes (according to traffic obviously).The tube is 7-10 minutes away on foot but if you don't feel like walking both buses mentioned above will take you right into Vauxhall bus station which is right above the underground.The hotel was recently refurbished and the reception area as well as the rooms were very nicely decorated and actually smelt new (November). Our room had all facilities, tv, shower with wc, tea &amp; coffee making facilities, AC, heating, a desk, telephone and even a hair drier. There was no wardrobe but there was a shelf-like structure with hangers which worked just fine. Rooms were cleaned everyday and sheets changed every 2-3 days if I am not mistaken. Cleaning was very unobtrusive and items such as shower gels and coffee were always topped up. Room size (double) was just fine with plenty of space where you could store luggage, bags etc. At times there was some excessive heat in the room but the AC worked just fine to compensate. Plumbing in the washroom was perfect and towels were always changed when needed.Disappointments? We had booked a smoking preference but the door to the room had a no smoking sign on it so there you go...but anyway there was a small area outside (sheltered) where you could smoke...equipped with ashtrays and all that. The hotel has a luggage room as well. Check in is strictly after 2 pm but anything can be left in the luggage room anyway, and it's secure because the receptionist has to open it for you. Check out is at 11.30...which I think is reasonable.We did not avail ourselves of breakfast at the hotel during our stay so it would be unfair to comment about it. It is not included in the price (I think it was around 6 pounds a day).Not all receptionists were friendly. I don't mean to say they were nasty, but a smile and a hello or goodbye would never hurt anyone. And this does not apply to all of them by the way..two of them in particular were extremely polite and always greeting the residents.I would recommend this hotel...I would say it exceeded our expectations.	
Nov 15 2008 	Good value for money (3 shared)	Good value and good links to London City. We booked to stay for a girlie weekend (mother &amp; two daughters) and found it difficult to get a hotel with a room for 3 sharing.A smartly presented hotel for the money. Room was comfortable. Parking was a little expensive at £18 per day but very convenient.Didn't use any of the facilities so can't comment. Had no problems with anything.	
Sep 11 2008	great hotel except refurbishment	i stayes for 2 night in comfort inn vauxhall. the staff were help full, room clean,brekfast was ok but could be better except the refurishment work as it was very dusty &amp; noisy.	
Jul 9 2008 	Fantastic hotel ....Good Value for Money	Fantastic service received from the time we walked in, staff was very helpful and breakfast was good too, i would definetly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 30 2008	Beware - Money stolen from this hotel!	My travel companions and I had approx AUD$3000 STOLEN from our hotel room during our stay here. We only found out on the morning of our departure, and had to go to the police to report it, hence, missing our plane that morning. Management was most unhelpful and tried to deny responsibility completely...they really just wanted us to pay for our room and leave. We had to walk to the station to find a taxi and go to the police with all our luggage ourselves. When we inquired further at the hotel, we found out that even their own hotel records (a computer system which showed who had entered our room using a key card) showed that SOMEONE HAD ENTERED OUR ROOM THE PREVIOUS DAY while we were out sight seeing in London. Our belief is that a hotel staff member entered our room using a key card and stole our money! Management did not return our calls when we tried to contact management for the next few weeks after our stay. Also, the experiences from past reviewers are true - the pictures are quite misleading and the room is actually extremely small and cramped...the bathroom is effectively the size of the toilet on a plane! my recommendation is that stay anywhere but here unless you want your money stolen!	
Apr 13 2008 	Terrible place	Just got back after staying a couple of nights at the Comfort inn,When we arrived at the hotel reception, their was nobody at the front desk, and their was a very loud Drill going on, (apparently building the restaurant)!, so nobody could here us, we were stood their for about 5 minutes, a miserable receptionist came out and looked at us, as though we had dropped in from space!, didnt apologise for the noise, (or I dont think she did, cause couldnt here what she was saying)!, We couldnt check in until 2pm, and we asked if we could leave our luggage, she asked us to leave it in a room just near the front door, which was unlocked!, and they wouldnt take responsiblity!. The room was very basic, but clean. the radiator kept, making a hissing sound, in the middle of the night, had to keep getting up and adjusting the radiator.The breakfast which I thought was full english, was continental, bit of toast and jame, things like that the staff were just interested in cleaning and washing all the pots away, as soon as you finished with a plate etc, than helping the guests. I love my tea in the morning, but they ran out of tea bags!, they didnt have normal tea!, you could have green tea or lemon tea, or coffee.Its a very poor standard hotel, very unhelpful staff, and very overpriced not worth the money, you can get better bed and breakfasts for half the price. Would not recommend anyone staying their,	
Apr 4 2008 	not worth £20 never mind £145	stayed in a jacuzzi suite. for 145 pounds a night i was expecting luxury room, what we got was by far worse than any travel inn i have stayed in, with the exception of the jacuzzi facility. soyou would tyhink, when we filled the jacuzzi there was no less than 8 pubic hairs i had to remove before we could get in. on the morning at 8.40 we were rudely awakened by the housekeeping and the woman even had the cheek to let herself into our room till it dawned on her that we were in bed. staff were helpful enough but all in all i would not advise people to stay in this hotel, in know i wont be again.	
Mar 25 2008 	Nothing to write home about	Had I not been attending a local event, I wouldn't have chosen to stay at the hotel.Although comfortable, it was nothing special and somewhat overpriced for the location. In comparison, I've stayed in hotels for 40% less that were many times better.We didn't bother with any facilities at the hotel, instead opting for a welcoming pub across the road.	
Mar 3 2008 	Terrible	Never been in a worse hotel, family room was twin beds and a camp bed. No one spoke English. Food Terrible nothing continental about the breakfast infact beans cold, unrefrigerated foods generally bad should be closed down. Baggade room unsecured and reception left unattended. Avoid ......no really Avoid	
Jan 9 2008 	ok for a short break	Stayed for 3 nights over the Easter week with my son aged 11. Hotel was within walking distance from Vauxhall Underground staion and there was a bus stop right outside if preferred. Room was a decent size, clean and warm, and the hotel staff were polite and helpful. Facilities at the hotel were poor, the coffee bar was only open for a short period during the day, and there were very few cafes or restaurants nearby, we infact had a take away (KFC style) twice, and ensured that we had eaten in the city before returning on the last day. Breakfast consisted of cereal, toast, and a small selection of hams and cheeses, it was held in a cafeteria style room. Overall the hotel was probably below average, however if you are just looking for a comfortable place to sleep and are going to be out exploring the city for most of the time then this hotel is excellent value for money.	
Nov 20 2007 	Service atrocious!	Stayed here last week for one night. I found the women behind the help desk very rude. She became flustered when I asked her for assistance.The room I received although clean was freezing cold. The radiator didn't work and rattled all night long.Would not stay here again!	
Nov 20 2007 	Appalling	This has to be the most appalling hotel I have ever had the misfortune to stay in. Do NOT stay there under any circumstances.Firstly I booked a twin room, but what I got was a single room with a camp bed in it. When erected it was impossible to walk to the bathroom. We paid £73 for this room. Our friend also had a twin room and paid only £68 for the same night! (her room was a twin!).Secondly I had no duvet on my bed - which was incredibly uncomfotable. When I complained, the night receptionist said he had no access to laundry and could not provide me with a duvet. He said he had some towels I could use to wrap myself in!!!!!!!!!!!!!There was no shower curtain in the bathroom, which meant that everything got soaked in there when you took a shower. The shower head was disgusting and in need of descaling.The staff were unhelpful. I have complained to the manager by email and in writing and fax, since my visit and have not even had the courtesy of a reply. Save yourself a lot of stress and DON'T stay there, unless you want to be ripped off.	
Nov 14 2007 	Hotel 87 - what a mistake....	This is a Comfort Inn so don't walk past it in the rain like I did. OK So I got a ground floor room, for 102 GBP. Simply put it was awful. Small and dingy, do not believe the marketing photos the hotel uses. The double glazed ground floor window was pathetic, I might as well of been sleeping on a traffic island the road was so loud, that was until 3 AM when the drunks start passing by, the area itself is a bit grim and in fact I got a taxi that evening when I was returning to the hotel.It is a walk from all three tubes, Oval(10 minutes),Stockwell(15 minutes) and Vauxhall(8 minutes), you will need a taxi if it is raining. The room had a carpet from an old peoples home and the walls were painted in a shade of cream which made minutes into hours all to easily. However the best is yet to come.The bathroom, for it was &quot;ensuite&quot;. Honestly the engineers at NASA would be impressed. I have never been in a smaller space in all my life, I have been in larger bathrooms on aeroplanes imagine small wardrobe with a shower, toilet and sink in it, and yourself. Comfort Inn, what a joke! Should be called the FA Comfort Inn.	
Nov 1 2007 	Avoid!	It is difficult to find anything good to say. I was given an upgrade to a room with a jacuzzi but even so I would rather have been elsewhere. The baggage room is left unlocked with no-one on the reception desk much of the time. The room was painted easyjet orange. The carpets were old and much of the corridor and stair walls in need of painting. There was a spare folding bed left in the room taking up much of the space which needed removing. Very basic toiletries, etc. - no glasses or even plastic cups. The location is poor for tourists and most business people. There are some good spanish and portuguese eating places nearby and a supermarket fairly close. Breakfast was awful - basic, poor choice, the worst coffee I have ever tasted and a shortage of cutlery etc. Unless you actually need to stay in Vauxhall as I did on this occasion, I would suggest going for a Travelodge rather than this hotel unless you are getting a very good price.	
Sep 17 2007 	Well I liked it	Wow, so many mixed reviews for this Hotel. But I liked it! I certainly didn't pay AUD$200 like some people seem to have, I think my rate was closer to AUD$90 - 100. Which is pretty cheap for London. I was there in the summer but I certainly don't remember the room being too hot at all, I remember it being large, clean and modern with fresh bright decore. More than adequate in comfort. Yes, it IS hard to find as the signposting for South Lambeth Rd is totally confusing, I asked a London Bus Driver and he was at a loss to point it out to me lol. Anyway, after walking in the wrong direction for 20 minutes , i turned around and tried the other way. I knew it was a Comfort Inn though I had booked it through Expedia as Hotel 87. And if you look under the large Comfort Inn sign you will see Hotel 87 annoyingly small letters, my inbuilt psychic radar then helped me to find the reception desk. I was a hour early for check Inn and the girl at the desk wasn't having any early check-in's on her watch. So I'm gonna mark them down for helpfulness there, in fact the only decent reception staff was the Indian guy on the late night shift. All in all , a decent clean modern hotel that I would use again, in a very good area for night life because Vauxhall has a plethora of venues .	
Jul 29 2007 	Cheap and adequate but not really worth 4 stars	We knew that this hotel was a cheaper option to stay in London, but it had such good reviews we thought we would try it for ourselves.It is very central, breakfast is good enough, but the whole hotel is in need of a refurbishment (although this would push the price up by 30-40% no doubt). The staff were helpful enough (but usually very busy), but things such as no cold water at night were both baffling and annoying. However cleaning teeth with bottled water was more inconvenient than upsetting, and overall we had no complaints.For a cheapish place to stay, walking distance to London eye &amp; westminster, go here.If you want a 4 star stay, and demand luxury from a hotel, you should probably stay elsewhere.	
Jul 8 2007 	Don't waste your money	We stayed here for 3 nights, we booked a room for 2 adults and 2 children expecting to get a family room instead we got a double room with 2 very poor folding beds for the children. The beds were crammed into an already small room leaving very little space to even manoeuvre around the room. The room was clean but very dated. The beds were not very comfortable and the bed linen had holes in it. The breakfast was of a poor quality, the fruit juice machine wasn't working properly on 2 mornings, eggs were brought out only a few at a time and these were soon grabbed by other guests. The worst part about our stay at this hotel was the fact that the fire alarm kept going off in the middle of the night ! The first night it went off at 22.40 and 23.20 hrs and the second night 05.00 hrs. The reception staff were not very apologetic about this and the explanation we got was that on the ground floor rooms the fire alarm was a pull cord in the bathroom that guests mistook for a fan! Although the alarm didn't go off on the third night the telephone rang during the night. The only good thing about this hotel was the location - very handy for the tube.	
Jun 26 2007	Great experience	I brought a group of students to London and stayed here. We found the accommodations extremely clean and the staff more than helpful. The rooms were cleaned and made up every day. Clean linen was provided daily and the bathroom was especially clean. The continental breakfast included more items than we expected. The staff was more than receptive in tolerating our youthful exuberance. Would stay here again any time. The tube stop is a short walk away but we did not mind as it was a good opportunity for exercise and to experience non-touristy London.	
Jun 4 2007 	Smelly dirty and poor staff!	First impressions looked good, tidy reception area and modern building. Checking in things started to go wrong. The receptionist started to check us in and the telephone rang. She answered the phone and spent the next 5 minutes dealing with a customer enquiry, another member of staff then turned up and continued the check in.When we (2 adults and two children) finally got to the room there was a really bad mouldly smell from the shower curtain, the curtains where hanging off, the hairdryer didn't work and the carpet was dirty. The room consisted of a double sofa bed, two singles and bunkbeds, very strange, someone else mentioned it gave a hostel feel. The beds however were quite comfortable.The card key stopped working and I had to go to reception to get it to work again. The lone receptionist cum barmaid was serving in the bar area and seemed totally unwilling to see to query at the desk. I had to go the bar for assistance.	
May 25 2007	Cheep and Cheerful	I stayed in the hotel for 2 nights at the end of April 07. We booked a room for 4 people online. It was really reasonable for the 4 of us - esp in London. The room was basic and clean. It didn't have any tea making facilities in the room though. The only thing I wasn't keen on was that the toliet was a wet room &amp; was like a plastic aeroplane toliet cabin stuck to the wall of the room. The location is fine. It's a 10min walk to the tube stop - but from there all of London is easy to get to. The check in staff were friendly and told us where we could get a bite to eat nearby when we arrived late on a Friday night. We flew Ryanair from Dublin to Stansted - so it was a treck to get from there to the hotel. One of our friends got a later flight from Cork and by the time she made it into London the underground was closed so she had to get a taxi! Was pricey enough - esp with the Euro/Sterling exchange rate at the mo! Overall the hotel was fine - we were looking for something near a tube stop that was cheap. it was clean and grand for our stay - not the kind of hotel you'd hang around for more than 20mins though. The area hasn't much on offer. There is a cafe attached to the hotel which was handy.I would stay there again if I was going with a group, but I would possibly look around for something nearer the centre of things!	
May 23 2007 	WHAT A DUMP!!!!!!!	Stayed here in May for only 1 night (thankfully), the room seemed ok, basic but ok however the more I looked around I noticed that corners and surfaces were layered with muck and dust. The toilet was filthy and the shower curtain was covered in so much mould that when the shower was on (not a power shower as adverised) the room filled with an overpowering smell of dampness. The room had four beds in it and felt more like a hostel, I was half expecting more people to turn up through the night!The room was also next to a busy road so there was quite a bit of traffic noise.The television has the normal five channels with an additional 2 news channels (Sky and CNN). There were movies advertised but whenever I tried to book a film to watch it never worked.Breakfast was poor ormaybe I just felt uncomfotable because the dining area did not seem very clean.Really don't book this place no matter how good a rate you are offered, it is incredibly uncofortable and really not very clean.	
May 13 2007 	perfect mid range hotel	got a room at comfort inn Vauxhall for only £65 directly through their website. Very modern hotel, with all facilities you would expect from a 3 star London hotel. I can tell you that the room size is defiantly bigger than the average 3 star hotel in London. Staff seemed friendly and always wanting to help. Room was spacious, clean and modern with all the required essentials inc. a jacuzzi which was very nice. Location is just south of the river and theres a bus stop outside which can serve you to the west end and other tourist attractions, otherwise the tube station is around a 7min walk down the road with high speed links all round London.Would recommend to anyone who wants a room to stay at a reasonable price in london.	
May 1 2007 	Horrible	Hallways lights are set on motion sensors. Many sensors do not work and you walk down dark black hallways and room entryways trying to find your room. Not very safe.Smoke detector in the room was covered over in plastic wrap. Non-smoking room was just deodorizer to mask the previous smoke smell.Air conditioned (&quot;upgraded room&quot;) knobs were broken so you didn't know what the setting were. Hit and miss.Bathroom was as clean as possible considering the condition of the faucets.Location is Tube friendly though.If you're looking for a quick place to flop it probably will suffice.	
Apr 4 2007 	Nice Stay in London	I had a nice stay at the Comfort Inn Vauxhall for 10 days in February and March. The hotel is not fancy, but was clean and comfortable. For the price I paid, it was perfect for a long stay in London. I had booked a single room, but got a room with 2 twin beds, a desk, clothes hanging space, a safe large enough to hold a laptop, and a large bathroom. The room was much larger than any single room I have ever had in London. The breakfast room was comfortable and the cold breakfast was acceptable, with juice, coffee, milk, cereal, yogurt, ham, cheese, fruit, toast, rolls, etc.Sainsbury's is not far away, so you can stock up on food and any forgotten items and use their ATM. There are some descent Portuguese restaurants along South Lambert Road, but you will have to take a trip to find more meal choices. The location is some distance from the tourist sights, but the number 88 bus stops right across from the hotel and takes you to the houses or Parlement, Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly, etc. A short walk brings you to the Vauxhall Tube station where you can reach any part of the city.	
Mar 18 2007 	Lovely stay	I booked this hotel for four nights with some reservations because of the lower score it had on here. However, I must say that I think the hotel is an excellent choice. It seems that most of the low scores are the result of guests saying things like: too far of a walk, not a great area; etc. For me, I look first for a clean, safe room. I can deal with the walk if I know I'll be in a clean room.That said, I'll address first the only thing I saw as slightly negative which is the area. It's true that this hotel is not 'right around the corner' from a subway stop, but it really is not a long walk at all. Perhaps, since I'm a New Yorker, I'm more tolerant of the subway-commuting-walking game, but I had no problem with the walk. It would take an average walker about 12 minutes to get there. Plus, unlike a lot of similarly priced hotels, this one is in zone 1 which cuts costs for commuting. Finally, though the area has no touristy stuff around, I found rather nice - a bit more residential. (I mean...really...who wants to sleep 20 ft. from tons of tourists.Now the good: My room was very nice (for the star rating). It was huge for a European room, and it was very clean when I got there. The employees did a great job cleaning it every day also - even when I would leave the room later than they are supposed to their rounds. I had a wonderfully consistent hot shower and a very large bathroom. A lot of people seem to find the staff rude which surprises me. I thought they were all very very kind. I had dealings with about 14 of them over my stay, and all were pleasant. As mentioned, I think the area is a plus because it is very quiet at night so you rest well. Though subways don't run late in London, there is a night bus that goes right in front of the hotel.Overall, I will echo what I think someone else said - this is a great clean 3 star, but I would say it's best for people who have been to London before. As this was my second time there, I really enjoyed it. If it's your first time and you want to stay somewhere a bit closer to touristy stuff, that's fair. If you're just looking to have a nice room to stay in while you return to the city, I would say this is a good choice.	
Jan 2 2007 	Easy to park	This hotel is more than adequate if you are just looking for somewhere to sleep. It is very easy to get to via car and we chose it because of its cheap car park prices. Our room was very clean and modern and even though it was on the main road, noise was not a problem. Breakfast was a DIY job, but perfectly adequate. Luggage storage facility was great when checking out as we could explore more of the city and come back for bags later.The only slightly negative point about this hotel is the walk from the tube station. Probably nearer to 15 mins than 10, but not a million miles. It is also possible to walk right down to the London Eye along the riverside and this only took me 20-25mins, which is sometimes quicker than getting the tube. The area is not the nicest, but price makes up for this. We certainly had no problems when walking to and from the hotel at nights, but as usual you just have to be alert and sensible. Would definately stay here again.	
Dec 13 2006 	Possibly the worst Hotel stay of my life!	I only stayed one night for business purposes as it was close to where I needed to be the next day &amp; this has to be possibly the worst place I've ever stayed, what a pity that I'm not allowed to give a zero rating!The place is shabby &amp; the name &quot;Comfort Inn&quot; couldn't be further from the truth.My room stank of stale cigarette smoke, the bed was extremely hard, pillows felt like they had rocks in them &amp; had the thinnest duvet on it I've ever seen.All in all a terrible experince &amp; in my opinion my company has paid well over the odds for a very poor facility. I certainly won't be staying there again - ever!	
Oct 17 2006 	Hot as Hell	We booked Hotel 87 over the internet. We had difficulty finding the hotel as the sign said 'Comfort Hotel' and then written underneath in much smaller writing it said 'Hotel 87'. which we didn't notice from the road. We spent quite a while trying to find the hotel and eventually we rang them for directions. The room we were given had heat coming up from the floor. When I complained and said that I wanted to change rooms because of the heat I was told I was the first person to ever make this complaint and there were no more rooms. I was also told that this was what I had paid for. Obviously people getting discounted rates over the internet get the pathetic rooms. The receptionist was quite rude. It was impossible to sleep during the night because of the heat. After complaining again the next day we were moved to another room on the main road and with no air conditioning. The first hot room we were given had a fan and the other room we had didn't so this seems to indicate that they knew there was a problem with the heat in the room, yet they still put families in there. Also when the lady was doing our room up for the second night I asked her if this room was hot and she told me that it was only the rooms on the other side of the corridor that were. I think it is disgusting that people pay $200 (Aust) per night and are given a room that isn't fit for human habitation . On a postive note the rooms were very clean. Perhaps all the germs had fled because of the heat.	
Sep 24 2006	Mt Trip To London	My Stay in London was more than adequate, the reception staff were friendly on arrival, gave me all the information that a first timer would need. I came with two of my friends, we were given a tripple room with a nice shower room. Very clean i must say, the beds were comfortable, they have a fan in the room which blew a nice cold breeze. Breakfast is more than adequate for a three star hotel, with four choices of cereal, yogurt, croissants, bread, jam, cheese, ham and even boiled eggs and baked beans which surprised me as it does say continental breakfast. The coffee shop that serves Costa coffee was impressive. After arriving from a long journey we were rather hungry so grabbed a quick bite to eat in the coffee shop. Lovely food i must say. Very impressive stay	
Sep 2 2006 	What a waste of money!	Chose this hotel to stay in after returning from paris.Unfortunately our train was 3 and a half hours late so didnt arrive till hotel till 9.30 at night.check in was quick and easy but when we got into room it was like an oven.checked ac-as turned up high so couldnt understand why room was so hot.however due to being so tired my freind and i just crashed.went to have brekkie next day early.walked into the room and the guy rudely asked'what room' and i told him and he looked at his list and said'its not included with your room'and i said'i know what i've already paid at reception'so then he runs off and the guy from receptions ok's me.had brekki-cereal,coffee and toast-tasted like rubber.only 1 person servicing the whole room and saw no fresh supplies brough out.mentioned to reception about room being so hot on check out and he asked what room and when i told him(i think it was 18)he said'oh yes that room is hot'so the staff obviously know the room is hot but still put guests in there.I did book this hotel online so obviously get the most basic rooms but still expected a working room.also area was quite dodgy-payed for cab to tube next day as too much luggage.staff were ok but need a lot of improvement with the expection of the indian gentleman he was great.would rather pay extra next time and stay in a decent place.	
Aug 23 2006 	comfortable clean and pleasant	stayed at the comfort inn vauxhall for 2 nights last week and was very pleased, especially for the price. Having travelled to London a few times, the Comfort Inn was much friendlier, more comfortable and cleaner than other London 3 star hotels. Staff seemed friendly and always keen to help, and the room, although basic( do not expect more for 3* london hotels) was clean and spacious. Breakfast did the job and the coffee shop had nice sandwhiches. Will definetly book here again.	
Aug 3 2006 	The worst hotel ever	Absolutely appauling. Stayed there for 3 nights in mid july. No A/C, no fan, on the bottom floor so couldn't open the window since traffic on high street was so noisy. Had one towel the first day and none on the second day. toilets were extremely tiny and no amenities provided. i have slept better on airline seats. please spend a little bit more and stay somewhere nice. this was the worst experience. asked if could upgrade to a different room and was willing to pay a lot more but they were fully booked. please please please donot stay here.	
Aug 2 2006 	Well it was clean. . . .	First of all, from what I understand, Hotel 87 is part of the Comfort Inn complex, but run seperately from it. If you want a phone number for or directions to the hotel, you will have to google &quot;Comfort Inn at Vauxhall.&quot; I booked a room for three through Hotels--, for about fifty dollars per person per night. The rooms are very modern and the building is in good condition. The Vauxhall tube station is only a ten minute walk away, or you can catch the #2 bus from right outside the hotel if you want to save your feet. Victoria Station is very close by bus or the tube. IWell, those are the facts. Now, here is our story. As it turned out, we ended up moving to the Comfort Inn side of the building only an hour after checking in to Hotel 87. London was experiencing a heat wave while we were there (temperatures exceeding 90 degrees farenheit with terrible humidity), and the first room we were given was right over the building's hot water pipes. The floor literally emitted heat. There was air conditioning in the room, but it didn't help it at all. When we asked for a fan, the lady at the front desk said she would move us to a different room. The room we moved to was a family suite on the first floor with a ceiling fan. It ended up being quite tolerable, despite the heat and the cramped quarters (there were two twins, one double, and a set of bunk beds in that room!), and we ended up with quite a bargain. Of course, the next person who stays there might not be as lucky as we were. There wasn't anything exceptional about the hotel, except maybe its location outside of the congestion zone and the willingness of the staff to move disgruntled guests to new rooms.	
Jul 25 2006 	Great Hotel.	I have read some reviews before, and I have to agree. This is great value for money, especially in this city. I dont know what this fuss with the name is about. Also, for this price you can't expect the Ritz, can you? It had reasonably large rooms and a good sized bathroom, with a shower and it was clean. Don't think you can expect more. I was happy with it. Would stay there again.	
Jul 22 2006 	Overheated room in summer window didn't open more than 3 inches	The hotel is pretty much as others have described, however our room -- a double with two more beds stuffed in it for 4 people (2 adults, 2 kids) -- had a weird peculiarity. The floor was very hot and heated the whole room all day and night, in the summer, with no A/C and the window only opened a few inches. So we sweltered for the two nights we stayed there. As others have said, it's a much longer walk from Vauxhall tube station then indicated. The hotel is in an interesting Portoguese neighborhood.On the other hand, the coffee shop has nice food and very inexpensive -- we dinnered happily on their samosas and other stuff one night.If you walk into your room and the floor is hot, ask for another. Ours was on the ground floor in the section behind the front desk.	
Jul 11 2006	Very poor value for money	We stayed here because it was convenient for a friend's party, but apart from that the only thing in its favour was close vicinity to an excellent Indian Restaurant called Hot Stuff, the area around the hotel is nothing but inner city housing estates.One of our party had been to see the hotel in advance and was shown a reasonable looking room with a bath in the en-suite bathroom as being representative of the rooms. When we booked in we found our rooms were shoeboxes with a shower.Breakfast was minimal, don't ask don't get. You basically get cereal, toast or stale croissants. If you were early you might also get some jam (limited choice - whatever flavour they have a box open of or marmalade), processed ham, a hard boiled egg or a yoghurt. They seem to only put these out on demand, when 45 mins before breafast finished someone asked if there was more ham a dish arrived with half a dozen thin slices on it. The machine produced coffee was surprisingly good, fruit juice was standard cheap reconstituted stuff.The room was clean and the bed comfortable, but the ensuite bathroom smelt of pee. There was a fan but no aircon, and lots of traffic noise through the night if you left the window open.It wasn't really bad, but the worse places I've stayed in have been a lot cheaper, like half the price. For their £90 per night &quot;discounted&quot; rate you can stay in much better and more central London hotels, and really good ones for less than the £130 a night they have posted in reception to make you think you've got a bargain. Its basically a tourist rip-off, expensive for what you get and everything the bare minimum of poor quality that they can get away with providing. The staff seemed pretty uninvolved, I expect they feel ripped off too if they are exploited like the customers.	
Jun 27 2006 	It's called the comfort Inn - not hotel 87	I arrived at hotel 87 (which is not 200 yards from the tube accrording to the expedia website description, it is more like 800 yards - and not that easy to find). I rang the reception and asked for directions from vauxhall tube -the guy advised to go onto south lambeth street and keep going (except no-one knew where this street was and the receptionist did not know any pubs/buildings or anything near to the hotel where he worked). I found my way to a comfort inn and rang the reception again saying i was outside the comfort inn, was i close? he did not speak great english and told me to keep going and ask people. Long story short, the comfort inn hotel IS hotel 87. There is no hotel 87. I have sent feedback to expedia asking to change the name as they should refer to this hotel as Comfort Inn. Another couple had booked through expedia that day and had the same problems. I paid £39 for the night - absolute bargain in my opinion, clean, quite modern - very good value for money and close to vauxhall tube, 2 stops from victoria if you want to get to kings cross and gatwick. If wanted to stay somewhere cheap in london, would stay here again.	
May 25 2006	We'd stay there again	Very nice hotel for relatively low price. The rooms are clean, new and not too small. The breakfast was okay too. The roller bed is not really big enough for two persons - just ask for another one or another room.	
May 16 2006 	Just don't stay here	I was staying one night on business trip to London. Arrived after the ??short walk as described which actually took 10 minutes easily. The trip itself was not as easy as the internet described from the tube station. I circled the tube station at least twice trying to 'get my bearings'. Finally headed in the right direction passing the warning sign about muggings. As a single female walking with a laptop in the early evening (nearly dark) i felt very uneasy. Arriving at reception the staff were very matter of fact which didn't bother me i had had a long day just wanted to go have a shower and kick back get on with some work. I arrived at my room to find it at the front of the hotel which was very noisey. I went down to reception and after waiting nearly 10 minutes while mr reception man was on the phone making a personal call and the other chap was a new starter who kept appologising and mumbling saying he couldn't move me without mr receptions say so. i was told the only room left was a smoking room, but was reminded obviously the room won't be smoking??? i wasn't in the mood for jokes. when i moved the room might as well have been smoking it was very smelly , i really couldn't be bothered and so popped all the windows open. hung my suit and other bits of clothes in the wardrobe which was essentially just a rail and didn't have any doors and therefore next morning all my clothes were smelly and all day i could smell stale tobacco. The room was a twin room each bed with one pillow on i wanted to watch TV so grabbed the two extra ones from the top of the wardrobe. A magazine fell down with the pillow which was to be pornographic. i couldn't belive how my stay at the hotel was going from bad to worse the final straw came when i hopped into bed to find the sheets stained with blood!!!!!! nice. it was late i was tired, i used the other bed which appeared clean. woke early thought i'd give breakfast a go. Awful juice very cheap, cereal even cheaper and coffee from a vending machine. Dont try the 'gym' that's on site either it is a squeeky treadmil or a rowing machine. the treadmil had an error reading saying it needed to be oiled??? Don't try the little cafe either for hot food it just gets nuked in the microwave and served luke warm in the middle burnt on the outside. On checking out my bill had been pre - paid by my PA luckily she had made copies as they had no record of it. after a little heated discussion i left, never to go back again, ever not even if you paid me!	
Apr 11 2006	Very reasonable and quiet hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed for 2 nights in January. It was very suitable as it is close to Vauxhall Tube Station. However finding the hotel was a bit troublesome for the first time. It is set in a residential area which makes it relatively quiet. However, signs in the area erected by the police warning of muggers did leave me feeling a tad uneasy.However the hotel itself was great. Reception staff on arrival were not pleasant though. Most of them spoke broken English and were not helpful when asked about Tours of the city. We did have great help from the night porter who arranged for a pizza to be delivered to us from the local take away, late at night. The room was fantastic, big bright and airy. The bed was comfortable and the air conditioning was perfect. The bathroom was quite large and the shower again was perfect. We had no issues with noise during our stay.Breakfast was continental, which suited us, but its advisable to be there early as the dining room is quite small. Another bonus was a daily newspaper from Ireland was provided each morning, which for me personally was great.If I needed to stay in the area again, this hotel would definately be my one of choice.	
Apr 7 2006	We went back again	We stayed here on our first weekend in London in December, then decided to stay there again on our second weekend, in January.The hotel is nice and clean, with a good breakfast. The staff were a bit surly, as others mentioned, but still helpful.It's a fair walk from the centre of London, but we like walking so that suited us fine. Otherwise, there is a tube station about 5 minutes' walk away.Positives:*Clean room with comfy beds.*Good bathroom which is good size, clean, and with a good shower.*Breakfast is very good, with quite a bit of variety and a very good coffee machine.*The luggage locker is right next to the front desk and can only be accessed by staff*We booked a double room and actually got a double bed (not two twins pushed together!)*Further up the street are a few good restaurants and a really nice pub a little further up.*Both times we paid about 50 pounds (25 each) for the room, which was great for London. I don't think I would pay the full price though.Not so good:*It might be too far to walk for some to get up to the centre of London. But the tube is not too far away.I would recommend this hotel if you don't mind a morning walk along the Thames to get to the tourist sights. There are many places closer but they are either a lot more expensive, or aren't nice to stay in. Our room was clean and comfy and the breakfast was very good, so we were satisfied.	
Mar 30 2006	Budget sightseeing!	Had 2 nights sightseeing in our Capital with my patner and 2 kids.Family room was basically a decent sized twin room with 2 camp beds put in!very basic, but 10mins walk from Vauxhall tube station, our room was clean and the continental breakfast was adequate, but nothing fancy.We found it ok for a budget weekend, but don't expect too much!Plus point - Fantastic little Italian resturant that you pass from the tube station just before the hotel, the Children were welcome and the food was wonderful, recommended.	
Mar 21 2006	better than expected	stayed at this hotel for one night as was going to a gig at the brixton academy. Staff were a bit rude but for one night was bearable! After reading some of the reviews on this site I was slightly worried , however was pleasently suprised. Rooms were nice , modern and everything you needed for a short stay. breakfast was a little unappetising but we were in a rush so didnt try much! location was not so bad , great for the academy just a short bus ride door to door. From Paddington only one tube change. Short walk from vauxhall tube station. If like us you were just looking for a hotel close enough by public transport to all major amenities and great for the academy this hotel will meet your needs. Not luxury but for a base - Great	
Feb 18 2006	A lower than average standard of hotel	I only spent 1 night at this hotel but to be honest that was enough and i won't be returning.Hotel reception staff were surley in their approach and tone and left you feeling that you were more of an inconvenience to them rather than a valued guest.Whilst i acknowledge that i got a room at a discounted rate this is no excuse to be given a substandard room.There were no tea / coffee facilities in the room, (given that this is supposedly a 3 star hotel i found this strange, I have stayed in Bed and Breakfast accomodation on many occasions and a tea tray is always provided)The room its self was basically furnished with no real wardrobe as such, light bulbs were missing from fittings, the room itself (Room 107) was unbearably hot and the only way you could realistically sleep was to have the mobile air conditioning unit on full power which obviously made for a noisy nights sleep.As for the view...well i had the pleasure of overlooking the laundry and refuse area! All together a disapointing hotel that does not live up to its glossy broucher image nor its image as featured on many internet hotel booking sites.This hotel really in the opinion of this writer is only becoming of a 1 star hotel whoever rated it 3 stars certainly didnt have the same room or meet the same unfriendly staff like myself and my partner did.Would we go back to Hotel 87? Only if they paid me to stay because i certainly would not pay out to stay there again.	
Jan 31 2006	will stay at Hotel 87 again	Good value for the money. Attracts family for the weekend stay. It was about 10 minutes walk from the tube, and would require a transfer at the Green Park station if going into Central London. Do look for the Comfort Inn sign or else it would be easily missed. The continental breakfast is more than adequate. Room size is relatively big compare to most of the hotel room in central London. Room is clean and bed is comfortable. Stay away from the roller bed for the third person in the room. Ask for a doulbe and a single if you have 3 adults. Service was inconsistent from good to indifferent depending who was minding the check-in desk.	
Jan 30 2006	Would never return	I stayed at this hotel with my two friends, we booked a triple room. what we got was a twin room with a fold up bed squashed into the room, it wasnt the safest of beds and i was afraid to move as springs in certain parts of the bed were very week. The heating in the room was also very loud. When we booked into the room we were not told what time breakfast finished at and as a result we missed it. This hotel is not near the city and i would definitely not recommend it.	
Dec 21 2005	nice clean and quiet	My husband and I were in London right before Christmas 2005 and we stayed at the Comfort Inn Vauxhall for 3 nights.The hotel and the rooms are clean and quiet. That's all we needed for sleeping over!	
Dec 21 2005	Basic but clean	Fairly cheap and basic (more like a college hall of residence than a hotel) but clean with comfortable beds, decent continental breakfast included and tea/coffee making facilities, shower, towels, soap, tv. Bad points are that the room we stayed in stank of stale smoke and we weren't given a choice of a non-smoking room. The location is not great- next to a busy noisy main road. The heating system was good, but noisy. The double room had only one teacup so we had to share it and the staff weren't that welcoming. Overall, ok for 1 night if you are on a budget.	
Nov 21 2005	Nice Hotel Not a Great Location.	This hotel is ok you know. Its clean, its quite reasonable in price and it has comfortable rooms. I stayed here because I got a good deal on it for a group. The room I stayed was supposed to be for 4 but had enough beds to easily accomodate 6 people and it was still quite big.It is about 7 - 10 mins walk from Vauxhall Station and the roads are indeed a bit confusing and I did get a bit lost once when walking back to the hotel. The buses in the area are quite good though. The bus stops just down the street from the hotel and if I can remember correctly, the No. 88 gets you to Westminster, Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly Circus, Oxford Street in a couple of minutes. the No. 2 also stops outside and gets you to Victoria, Hyde Park, Marble Arch and Baker Street. These are the ones on South Lambeth road, if you go to Vauxhall Bus Station, there are lots of bus routes passing through there as well.The staff here were fairly helpful, not rude or anything. There was no remote for the tv in my room and they instantly got me one.The area is not the best, there aren't many restaurants nearby.The breakfast is one thing I would not recommend, it cost about £ 6 each and was just a cereal, juice, tea, nothing hot. Overpriced.I would probably stay here again but it is possible to get more convenient hotels for a similar price.	
Nov 16 2005	......... not too bad	me and my friend stayed at the comfort inn vauxhall on the 5 nov for the weekend. overall the hotel was very nice, but in such a wierd location. it really didnt look anything like the picture. the reception staff where not very friendly non of them spoke clear fluent english. the room was clean and very comfortable. we did have a problem with the heating our room was too cold, we called reception and where told to adjust the central heating button we did but the heating still did not work. for breakfast there was not much available, just rice crispys and toast.overall we did enjoy ourselves, not too sure whether we would go back to this comfort inn but may consider another one.	
Nov 15 2005 	Great location great value.	We got a great deal on this hotel direct from their website. I stay in London every other week for business and so this has been a very pleasant find. A quiet yet convinent location south of the river, good big clean beds, good power shower, internet access from 50p -ideal for checking your emails quickly, safe car park and bar open til 1.30am. After a hard days's work or sight seeing it's an affordable haven.	
Nov 3 2005 	Miserable staff	This hotel has large, clean, modern rooms, but was let down by miserable staff. On one occasion I asked at reception for an ironing board to be told they were stored at the end of the corridor. I couldn't find one anywhere so returned to the reception to ask if they could help, whether they had any spares. The receptionist (reading a book and barely looking up to acknowledge me) just gave me a curt &quot;can't help&quot; response. This attitude was typical of all the receptionists I spoke to during my stay (although the cafe staff were more friendly).The room I stayed in was large, clean and modern. The bathroom was just a large plastic &quot;unit&quot; in the corner of the room which looked tacky but at least served its purpose.The &quot;gym&quot; at the hotel shouldn't really be described as a gym; from memory (it is a couple of months since I stayed there) it consisted of just 2 machines, a runner and an exercise bike. If you're looking to do a proper workout on a range of machines or with weights then you'll be disappointed.One good thing about the hotel is the cheap parking, just £10/day. This may sound expensive but considering other London hotels charge up to £24/day this is definately a good point. Be warned though, the hotel is right next to the congestion charge zone. Vauxhall has a very busy and confusing road system; if you find yourself making a wrong turn into the charge zone then it could be costly!All in all this hotel is comfortable with large clean rooms, but nothing special. A few other reviewers have also commented on the unhelpful staff; if the hotel can sort them out then it would be much improved.	
Jul 7 2005	Nice Hotel and a good deal	The rooms were very nice. Looks like the hotel was recently updated. Close to metro. I would recommend it to anyone!	
Mar 21 2005	Staff a little rude and very unwelcoming	My husband and I were in London right before Christmas 2004 and we stayed at the Comfort Inn Vauxhall for 3 nights. My complaints about the hotel started soon after our flight from North America. We arrived at the hotel at 1:50pm. When we tried to check in, the receptionist, without looking at her computer to see if our room was ready, promptly told us that check-in was at 2pm. So, we sat and waited the 10 minutes. In the meanwhile, 2 other parties arrived and tried to check in. They got the same response. At 2pm, the receptionist made an indication for us to approach and we all proceeded to stand in line to be checked in. Once we were checked-in, we proceeded to the room. We were in a non-smoking room, which was labelled as such, and found a large ashtray sitting on the shelf. Also, the hotel claimed to have in-room safes; ours did not work. So, we ended up carrying all our valuables with us the whole weekend. Throughout the weekend, any questions we had for the staff were met with curt responses. In short, I found the staff to be very unwelcoming and the hotel room was lacking in advertised services. The only reason I'm giving the hotel 2 points instead of 1 point, is that there were many great Portuguese restaurants in the area.	
Mar 16 2005	not bad not great	I agree with many of the previous reviews, both positive and negative, as this hotel has both attributes. On the negative side the immediate surrounding area is a bit dour, even grim, with no noteworthy sites. If you don't want to use the bus the Vauxhall tube stop is a good 5 to 10 minute walk. The room itself is a bit spartan on amenities (no ironing board; only liquid handsoap and shower gel in the bathroom) and our anticipated triple was nothing more than a twin room with an extra cot thrown in the corner. On the plus side, our room was very clean with no discernable problems other than a room safe which did not seem to work. The orange colored walls were a nice change from the usual earth tones and off whites. High speed internet access was available on 3 computers downstairs. A bus stop is just across the street - take bus 88 to Trafalgar Square and Oxford Circus. The hotel sits less a half a block from the Cafe Portugal which served up one of the best meals I have ever enjoyed in London. In short, I would not recommend this place to the first time traveler but the experience London visitor might look at this as a clean, no-frills option.	
Mar 14 2005	Adequate london hotel	I stayed at the Comfort Inn in March 2005. It was close to Vauxhall station although a little difficult to find from there. The reception staff were welcoming and the lobby and restaurant entrance clean, bright and spacious. The room itself was clean and spacious with good facilities i.e. fridge, mini microwave, tea and coffee making facility, TV and movies and a working ceiling fan.I booked a double room with double Jacuzzi bath. The bathroom was clean but there was no shower, apart from a showerhead attached to the Jacuzzi, which didn’t reach far enough, was dirty and rusty with inadequate pressure and not very hot water, also no instructions on how to work the thing! The jets in the tub pumped out some brown flakes, of what... I don’t want to think, so I didn’t use it after that which is a shame as I spent £125 for the night for this room.Throughout the day and night, I smelt something odd but couldn't work out where it was coming from. It wasn’t until 10 minutes before I checked out that I realised that the radiator was leaking water from the corner. It had soaked into the carpet where my travel bag was. My bag was left stained and some of my clothes were damp. I did mention this to reception when I checked out but I was not offered an apology or an explanation as to why this had happened. All I received was a 'thank you for letting me know, we will deal with it straight away' to be honest someone should have dealt with it before I or anyone else had checked in. I don’t think the staff member was really bothered.I don’t think I will stay at this hotel again, after seeing the facilities, cleanliness and area of the hotel, I believe it is slightly overpriced.	
Dec 24 2004	For the price you can't beat it	I had such a pleasant time at this hotel I've stayed there twice now and am currently booking for a third trip. The beds are very comfortable for a hotel and I love that you get a comforter and not just a hotel blanket and sheet. The hotel itself doesn't have many amenities- during my firt stay in 2002 breakfast was included in the price but was not in my most recent stay in 2004. But there is internet access in the lobby for a decent rate and they stock the essentials at the desk; soda, candy bars, beer, etc... Plus its not a very far walk to a few stores that sell snacks as well and there is a pub across the street. The rooms are clean and bright, the showers have very good water pressure. You must keep your room key in the light switch to keep the lights on- this takes a day or two to get accustomed to. Location wise it's pretty good- a hop across the street for the closest bus stop and maybe 5 minutes to the closest tube station and about 10 minutes or so to Victoria Station. For a home away from home at a good price I don't think you can ask for much more.	
Dec 12 2004	Good Budget Value South of the Thames	We stayed at Comfort Inn Vauxhall on two consecutive weekends in November 2004 on our way to/from Hong Kong and found the hotel to be an excellent choice for anyone who wants to save money and is willing to stay outside of the tourist areas.We found the hotel very nice, modern, renovated and comfortable. Much better than many other London hotels that we've tried in the same price range or higher.Not sure that the previous guest comment stayed in the same hotel we did - or maybe the family room is an exception. Our room had everything in perfect working order and was exceptionally clean. Also, the breakfast was just fine - with lots of croissants, bread, cereal, hard-boiled eggs, juices, jam, cheese, ham, yogurt and fruit salad. Not gourmet, but not bad - and there was always plenty of everything.The staff was helpful and mostly friendly - but they did get a bit frazzled on weekends when everyone was checking in at 2pm as they instructed all early arrivers to return at the same time (this could stand some managing better - but was not something to complain about). Weekends seem to be always sold out here - so book early and don't expect your room to be ready prior to the 2pm check-in time. If you're arriving very early like we did at 6am - you may want to reserve for an extra night. The Vauxhall Tube Station is about a 8 minute walk and is in zone one so you can use day passes with no problem to explore London. If you take the Tube from the airport - its about a one hour trip and you have to change trains at Green Park (you'll have a few sets of stairs to navigate with your luggage, but its not bad unless you have lots of stuff.) There are two buses that stop just outside the hotel that go to Central London - one to Marble Arch, the other to Picadilly Circus. If you want to go to Waterloo Station for the London Eye, Tate Modern, Old Vic, etc. you can take the elevated regular train rather than the Tube for one stop from Vauxhall to Waterloo Station.There is a cafe in the hotel with sandwiches, coffee, etc. and internet access for a per minute charge. The lobby has a small bar and snacks. There are several mini-marts down the street as well as an Italian Restaurant and 'Oasis' - not sure what the menu is. Across the street was the Wheatsheaf Pub which looked interesting but we didn't go in. On the opposite side of the train station you'll find Kennington Lane with a Spanish Tapas Restaurant, Indian Restaurant, Parma Diner for breakfast or lunch (til 5pm) and fastfood Fish/Chips and one for Chicken/Lamb Ribs - so you won't go hungry. This hotel is also close to the new Cricket Grounds - so you'll see crowds at the Tube/Train station whenever there is a match.Rooms in the hotel do not have refrigerators - so don't go overboard at the mini-marts. There is an electric kettle in each room with tea, instant coffee and creamers/sugar.With the pathetic dollar/pound exchange rate - this is a great choice - especially considering that the breakfast is included and its close to transportation. By the way, I did get my free 'gift' which was a key-chain flashlight type thing that displays the time on your wall when you activate it. It works - but I still can't figure out how to set the time so its sitting in my desk - and I'll gladly forward it to the previous writer who feels cheated. Its not really a toy - and not really anything to let yourself get upset over....I definately recommend the hotel and plan to stay again next time I'm in London.	
Nov 18 2004	Poor service not impressed	Booked a family room for me and my two children. within 10 mins of being in the room my 3 year old daughter found a strip of ibuprofen tablets next to one of the beds. The centre ceiling fan had one blade broken off and didn't even work.We booked on the web and expected two free gifts when we arrived but every time i asked for these the staff went away for 10 minuets came back and said they could not find the keys, this happend over the 3 days i was their.Breakfast was appaling with little food and either 'out of service' or empty containers which they said they could not refill.All in all i would not go their again and if i hadn't my two small children with me would have complained more and left.	
Oct 22 2004	October 2004- A Comfortable City Break	An excellent base for an enjoyable city break. Polite friendly staff. Room was modern, clean and well maintained. Hotel was well positioned for easy access to all attractions by tube, with limited car parking available for those travelling by car.Myself, my wife and our 2 kids, aged 12 and 14, have just returned from a 2 night stay. We stayed in a large clean, modern family room with ensuite facilities, which was capable of sleeping 6 (2 singles, 2 bunks and a double). Continent breakfast was included in the price.I chose to drive to the hotel, which has limited parking (approx 15 spaces) available at an extra charge of £12 per night. There seemed to be free spaces most of the time though, suggesting that most people had travelled by other means. The hotel is situated outside the conjestion charging area and was easily accessed by road, even travelling from the north of London.Nearest tube station is Vauxhall, which is an easy 6-7 minute stroll away and only 4 stops to Oxford Circus and the hustle and bustle of the West End.I would recommend booking directly with the hotel, particularly if you want to reserve car parking for your stay. We found that the price that the hotel quoted was less than that being offered by the so- called cheap travel websites.This hotel offers a reasonably priced good standard of accommodation for travellers who are going to spend most of their time sight-seeing and just need a welcoming base to work from. We would certainly book again.	
Aug 29 2004	Nice place to stay		
Aug 3 2004	Really liked it		
Jul 29 2004	Good for the price		
Mar 1 2004	it was OK		
Jan 5 2004	Good Value		
Dec 30 2003	A good clean hotel		
Dec 25 2003	Thumbs up!		
Nov 22 2003	Vauxhall: The real London		
Nov 20 2003	Good value for London		
Nov 5 2003	Good value for the money		
Oct 21 2009 	ottimolo consiglio		
Aug 22 2009 	Ottima sistemazione		
Jul 3 2009 	Bastante bien ideal para ver Londres		
Apr 10 2009 	buena relación calidad precio		
Mar 24 2009 	Mejor de lo que esperaba		
Mar 9 2009 	Rapporto Prezzo/Qualità: eccellente		
Mar 7 2009 	Petit déjeuner affreux !!!		
Jan 10 2009 	Bon hôtel en dehors du centre de Londres		
Jan 2 2009 	Hotel 87 buena relacion		
Oct 9 2008 	Sehr gutes Preis-/Leistungsverhältnis		
Sep 5 2008 	Bruyant		
May 27 2007	Pas sûrs d'y retourner.		
Feb 4 2007 	un robo y mal trato		
Jan 9 2007 	Hotel aceptable bien comunicado		
Sep 13 2006	Hotel 87 -87 South Lambeth Road London		
Aug 11 2006 	Super Preis-Leistungsverhältnis !!		
