	you pay for what you get	we got a cheap deal at local travel shop 99 train and hotel 2 nights. we arrived to queues which is all day and night. we had 4 rooms between 13 of us 2 family's rooms which was 3 small single beds and a camp bed which the kids refused to sleep in. one room was not cleaned when we got there it looked like someone had been having a party in there we rang down to reception and they said it would be sorted out. Great location for tube and buses 10 mins away from kings cross. we were out all day came back around 10pm the room hadn't been done which when you have 5 kids with you is'nt ideal. breakfast was horrendous like cold rubber the staff are really unfriendly so we went to a nearby cafe for our breakfast the next day which was great. so for the price we paid we did'nt complain but if i was paying the full price of something like 110 per room i would not be happy	
	Basic warm and good location....	We booked this hotel as a 'weekend rail deal' and this is exactly what we got - a deal! The rooms are basic and warm. This hotel is closely located to all London's sight seeing exhibits. If you are wanting to book somewhere to impress then I wouldn't reccommend, however, if its only a room to you then book this hotel.	
	Like jail	This was simply a price buy on our part with a good rate for London through BA.com. It's a giant hotel right by Russel Sq, convenient to Kings X and the Piccadilly Line Tube. Other than that, it's pretty much a horrible stay. The single beds are suitable for a chlld under 10, not adults. There is this courtyard in the middle which looked like a jailyard, it was just missing the weights. Blankets and drapes hanging from the window, i was just waiting for fires to start, especially when drunk Belgian Standard Liege football supporters were screaming out there. They took over the pub in the lobby and then the courtyard after they lost to Arsenal. The heat in the rooms was unbearable and wouldnt switch off. I slept with the window open, hoping that the noise from the drunken Belgians would soon go away. The bathrooms are OK, pretty clean except for the towels which were stained. Bring your own toiletries when you stay here b/c you'll get about 3 mini bars of soap and thats about it. If you're looking for a bed in a hotel that's well located, reasonable safe, and cheap, stay here. Though, I would recommend its sister hotel, The Tavistock before Royal National. There is no luxury here and your missus will definitely will not enjoy the stay and you will not get lucky here. Thank goodness I was travelling with a male friend, and we just used this place to crash out after going out on the drink in London. Very convenient for vists to Arsenal Football Club.	
	Try the hotels on the other side of the street	Well we arrived to a queue a mile long to book in, as it is every morning and afternoon, waited over half and hour then were given the keys to our room. The rooms are adequate but not special, neither is there alot of space in them. We spent the day out coming back about 9 pm bought a drink in the bar but then had no-where to sit down so went to the dinning area got kicked out because we cannot drink in there unless you buy from the hotel?? There were four of us so i asked what would i need to buy to be able to sit here as the dinning area was almost empty, he smiled knowing what i was getting at repeated the same automated statement so i asked how much for a glass of water!! he said £5 so i agreed he then said he would have to ask me to leave. Spoke to the manager on reception but he said it wasn't his dept?? went to bed.8am got a knock on door from house keeping..&quot;are you leaving today?&quot;&quot;er no tommorow.&quot; ok i need to clean your room. Went downstairs to speak again to a manager explained that it would be better to keep me up all night in the bar with no sleep than to knock us up at 8 in the morning when were on holiday, only you cannot get in the bar becasue there is no space. He said he would speak to housekeeping, not his dept. we went for breakfast queued for 3/4 of hr as there was no room,actually got straight back to our room at 10.15 it hadn't been cleaned?? next morning same thing happened again.So in summary rooms small,great queues,slow book in,broken lifts,morning wake up calls from cleaner wether you need it or not. and no one responsible as it isn't anyones dept.you can buy drinks but not drink them. On the positive the food was good and it's near to the station.Would i go again, no way!! accross the road we have stayed at the president,ambassador and county hotels all 100% better, same price and much friendlier.It would appear the only way to make hotels change their attitude is to let other customers know there is an alternative.	
Nov 22 2009 	A SMILE COSTS NOTHING	Stayed at this hotel for a theatre weekend. We had a brilliant time. Hotel basic and clean, The room cleaners always had a smile and a greeting of good morning for us. cooked breakfast was cold both mornings.If it had not been included in the package i would not have paid for it on the day. the one thing we had a big problem with was the reception staff. Yes there were a lot of people to book in but that is there job. There were 5 staff on reception and not one of them smiled at anytime whlst we stood in the queue. When we got to the front of the queue the welcome was non existant and we were treat as though we were a nuisance, not one of them said hello, can i help you or anything. Seeing as these people are the face of this hotel it was not a good impression.Maybe management should put room cleaners on reception and reception staff clean rooms and do some real work for a change then they may be a bit happier to do the job they have been employed for.	
Nov 22 2009 	are budget hotels all bad?	Stopped here with my wife on a Superbreak Christmas shopping and show weekend. Yes the hotel is tired, but who comes to London to spent all one's time in a room? On the positive side its a great location, warm, clean and represent great value for money. On the down side, it's a bit run down, you need to be up early for breakfast (which is reminiscent of school canteens), the breakfast won't win a Michelin star, but it fills you up enough to keep you going all day. We tried the evening meal on our first night and were pleasantly pleased with the vegetable moussaka. Would we come back? Yes this was a return trip.	
Nov 21 2009 	Horrible with bed bugs	We stayed at this dreadful hotel during the October school holiday. the check in was very good, fast and efficient and even though we arrived 3 hours early we were given our room key. That was the best bit, because the room was tiny and the bathroom was basic with mould all round the bath. The windows are not double glazed and you can hear every noise outside all through the night, dont expect a good night sleep. The hotel is located in a central area, only a short walk to Russell Square tube station and about 10 -15 mins walk to The Dominion Theatre where we saw We Will Rock You, excellent show especially if Ross Hunter is the lead!The staff at the Rotal National are very pleasant unfortunately the hotel needs a full upgrade. Breakfast is a bun fight, with big queues for the full english and very few seats. When we returned home my wife and son were covered in bed bug bites, and were prescribed anti-histamines to combat the itching, not nice at all. Yes its cheap, yes its central but dont suffer this horrible hotel when there are so many others which are much nicer and only a few quid more.	
Nov 18 2009 	Good hotel at a great price	I've just come back from a weekend stay (2 nights) at this hotel, with my wife and 5 year old daughter, and I would definately recommend it to friends/relatives.I must admit, prior to arrival, we were a little concerned by some of the previous reviews. However, upon arrival we found our room to be clean and comfortable with the usual amenities you would expect for a hotel of this price bracket. Traffic noise was noticeable but not a nuisance, but what do you expect from a central London hotel.Full English Breakfast was included in our package - which was very nice and self service so you could have as much / as little as you wanted.Check-in and the breakfast canteen can get busy - but this goes with being one of the largest central London hotels.Don't believe the bad reviews - for a hotel of this price range and in this location it's hard to beat.	
Nov 17 2009 	Would certainly stay there again	My husband and I recently stayed at this hotel for two nights. Prior to our stay I was quite concerned about some of the reviews I had read but decided to go with an open mind. We drove down to London, found the hotel very easily (with the help of sat nav), parked in the car park under the hotel, went up to reception and checked in within about three minutes. There was an abundance of reception staff.Our room was on the 7th floor. It was compact but clean, warm (I had to turn off the radiator - that is not a criticism), had two comfortable beds, bed linen was fine, good quality towels in the bathroom and loads of hot water. We quickly unpacked (we were not in London to spend ages in the hotel) and walked to Russell Square underground which took about 5 minutes.After a good night's sleep (very little traffic noise considering we were in the centre of London and certainly no noise from within the hotel) we went to the breakfast room, immediately found a table and enjoyed the full breakfast. Although the breakfast room was very busy we noticed that staff were very prompt in clearing tables.The only criticism we have is that there isn't a lift to the car park under the hotel which means lugging your suitcase up and down, but it was not a major problem. We would certainly stay there again, we felt the price was good for the centre of London and the location is excellent.	
Nov 17 2009 	Expect unwelcome visitors	Paid for a room by myself for four days.Left my gear on the bed and came back to find two other people asleep in the other two beds! Turns out I had just paid for the bed, thanks for letting my know RNH.They were woken by alarms at 5.30am and went on a trip and were replaced by a new group every day.We each had a single room key and everytime one person used the key it wiped the other two, so about five times a day I had to go get it re-set-up.The attitude of the management towards me was rude to the extreme.Bathrooms were disgusting and had no been cleaned in ages. My recommendation: stay at a hotel, or if you have little money stay at a hostel in a single room.	
Nov 15 2009 	Like a student accomodation	I know - you do not get the same value for money in central London as elsewhere. But this place is far below average even for semi-budget Bloomsbury hotels.Room was clean but 1950s style and the tiny mattress was probably the same age. Bed was horrible. Hotel is huge but does not have any amneties - not even sofas in the lobby.The worst part was the breakfast. While typical very low standard during weekdays they completly messed it on Saturday: no bowls, no plates, plastic mugs and not enough tables. When plates finally arrived they were wet - but since jam was now out it did not matter.Staff was friendly but they can't make up for all the obvious mistakes of the management. I believe all the stories in the other review and could repeat a few from own experiences.On the side where I booked this hotel they recommended it with four stars. I have slept in much better two-star hotels.	
Nov 14 2009 	Good location good value breakfast ok	A good compromise when staying in London for sightseeing on a budget, room was a good size, beds ok, not to noisy, excellent location, be early for breakfast as it gets very busy, I would recommend this hotel for most people travelling on a budget	
Nov 13 2009 	just for a shower and a sleep	this was my 2nd time at this hotel. I choose it because it's a really a good deal (in comparison with other London hotels) and has a central location as well (4 stations from Picadilly Circus). Don't get bother with anything else, the front desk staff is careless, the maids are shouting each other every morning and so on. I recommend this to for travellers who want to stay close to downtown without having more expectations than a shower and a sleep.	
Nov 10 2009 	What I'd call a utility hotel	I liked the location of this hotel, and I found it to be clean, though quite small. It is really large and gets quite noisy at night as there is a bar/patio area in the courtyard. You're very close to the Russell Square tube shop and walking distance to the British Museum. I found it very easy to explore the city from the location. Let it be said that I was traveling with my 20-year-old brother at the time, and that we are pretty low-maintenance hotel people. It was clean and I did feel safe. That said, if you're into amenities, or want to spend any amount of significant time in your hotel, this is not the place for you.I thought it was a good value for what we got, it was part of a package deal with BA and would stay again for a good price.	
Nov 9 2009 	You get what you pay for.	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for an extra night before and after a Contiki tour. We are in our early 20s.Positives: The location was a short walk from the Russell Square station, so you could take public transportation anywhere with ease. Also, its very easy to get to from Heathrow Airport, you don't even need to switch trains on the Tube. Also, two of the major double-decker bus sightseeing tours have stops right in front of the entrance to the hotel. The price was very low considering the location. The room itself was very clean and the shower in the bathroom had excellent water pressure which is a rare trait for many of the places I have stayed in Europe. The concierge was willing to hold you bags if you arrived before check-in time so that you could start wandering around London right away.Negatives:Lots of little problems. The room was very tiny with just enough space for two twin beds, our luggage, and a small path to and from the bathroom. One of our electrical outlets didn't work. No air conditioning and the windows didn't have screens so the choice was be to hot or be bitten by Mosquitoes. The walls where fairly thin so late comers from the pubs were hard to ignore. Half of the time, our room keys didn't work. Overall:I would suggest this hotel to traveling students or anyone on a tight budget. If all you need it a place to sleep for a night or two and a convenient location, it does the job. Its more like a hostel than a hotel. Just a note for Americans traveling in Europe: you can't really compare European hotels to the ones back home. Standards are very different. Considering some of the places I have traveled, this was not a bad deal at all.For fellow Contiki travelers: Its worth it to stay here the night before or after your tour especially because the Contiki Basement (and the cafe where the Pre-tour meetings are held) is at the hotel so you don't have drag your luggage everywhere. Plus you get to meet other young people traveling just like you are. After our tour ended, a dozen or so of us met at the London Pub in the hotel and relaxed with a few pints / fish n chips. The food there was pretty good and fairly priced.	
Nov 8 2009 	Not bad at all - don't believe the harbingers	We (partner &amp; 2 kids (11 &amp; 9) booked for the half term week at the end of October. After reading the various reviews I was really worried about this place. However these fears proved to be unfounded. The hotel is massive and when we arrived at 12 noon the room wasn't ready. We were allowed to put our bags into a safe room and headed off for the day. Russel Square is only 2 mins away and is a great place to sit and have lunch - the weather during our stay was exceptional. We got back to the hotel at 7pm, check in took 5 mins. We were a bit annoyed as we were told that we HAD to pay for the kids breakfast there and then (the adults were covered in the deal). After reading the reviews we had decided not to eat breakfast at the hotel. We explained this only to be told that we had to pay even if we were not taking breakfast. Having said that I'm glad we did because breakfast was fine.Our room was small and basic but fine. The 4th bed was a zed bed but our 11 year old said it was comortable. The other beds were a bit soft but acceptable and the linen was clean. The room was clean - the decor was very tired but for us the room was for sleeping at night and no more. There is a lot of noise from the road. We were woken up by sirens a couple of times during the night but after all this is central London.The shower was fab. The batchroom again looked tired but it was clean. We ventured down for breakfast - having paid we thought we'd risk one day. The breakfast room is packed and you have to grab a table when it becomes available. We had cooked breakfast included but the queues were massive. However, juice, cereal, toast and coffee was easy to get so we made do with that and it was fine. On the 2nd morning I did get the cooked breakfast. To be honest it wasn't great (average at best although surprisingly the eggs were perfectly cooked, bacon was unevenly cooked) and I think sticking with continental is better.The central location of this hotel and it's proximity to Russel Square tube means it's perfect for a sightseeing break. We had no problems with noise from other guests and genuinely enjoyed our stay here. We had 3 nights. On the 1st night we had a complimentary meal at one of the restaurants. Ours kids wanted curry so we went to Poppadom Express. The decor is excellent and the food was good. The deal meant we had the buffet. Starters were good and the main courses more than satisfactory. The salad bar was good too. Our kids ate loads and loved the food. I've eaten better curries but I've also been served much worse. This got us of to a good start.This hotel isn't perfect. However we found the staff to be friendly and helpful and if you want a keenly priced deal in central London, to use the room for sleeping and washing then I think you could do a lot worse. I would certainly use this place again.	
Nov 6 2009 	Like a Circus. More like a hostel	Went for business with a crew of 15 others. It was like a circus when we arrived. Kids everywhere! And it took a while to figure out how to get to the room, it was a maze. Grand for a short hop to London because of it's location (although I didn't leave my passport in the room) but I expect the company got it for a good deal.	
Nov 6 2009 	"It's not that bad"	This hotel was offered to us in a package with hop on hop off, 3 day tube ticket and 2 tickets to the WestEnd. We had read all the reviews and were quite worried. In the end we were happy with this hotel. It's nothing flash, and the rooms probably haven't been updated in 20 years, but its still clean and comfortable. The location was fantastic. On the first night we ended up walking to Trafalgar Square. The tube was also very close. We were in a room facing the courtyard, this meant it could be quite noisy of a night with the pub down stairs and in the mornings a lot of tour groups start from here. So we were woken up with them starting at 6am. We didn't find the breakfast a trouble at all. We were in the North building, which i think is a little smaller than the south. Therefore the breakfast room was never 'crazy' or full. We could also find a seat. The continetal breakfast was fine, and if you wanted to pay an extra 4 pounds 50 you could get the english breakfast. A bit greasy, and its been in the bainmarie for a while, but still good.If you are on a budget and don't need the flash fancy stuff, this hotel is fine. I would stay here again, if on the same budget and will stay in the same area next time I go to London (hopefully).	
Nov 4 2009 	Like some hostel	Room is let's say ok, but toillet is disaster. It is very small, without any shampoon and there was only two small soap. Location is good, near the centre, taxi and bus. Restoran is great ( we had only breakfast ). Staff was pleasure. Hotel is more like hostel and it is too expensive for 3* hotel.	
Nov 4 2009 	RIDICULOUS!!!	I was in this hotel from 15 to 16 of last october and I was really disappointed with such an awful hotel...The day we arrived all the towels were leaned on the corridor floor, and the maids seemed very tired...when I got into the room and felt that horrible smell of old things, my throat couldn´t stand...I was ill for the whole 3 days I spent there...and to be even more worse, your breakfast sucks!!!! And you still find that charging $ 4,5 for your indecent English Breakfast is increadible...how awful those greasy food!!!They say that brazilians are the ones who doesn´t know how to receive tourists...but YOU!!! For Gods sake, your are THE WORST!!!I´ll try to leave this message in all internet pages that compare hotels...it isn´t fair earning money so easily.	
Nov 3 2009 	Change the Administration	Well located on a central area, near restaurants - righ down on write side of the hotel ... and they are needed ... for breakfast, if you wish a british one, otherwise w´ll have bread and butter, some quind of fruit salad with just a single fruit (not natural) and jam ... or £4,5 additional pounds for some eggs, bacon and sausages, and a not very nice oriental manager looking at you ... and for diner d´ont forget your real money, because they´ll do anything not to accept your credit cards ... before you have your meal, because it´s a selfservice and you´ll have to pay before eating and after collecting the food ... boys and girls at the reception ... lots and lots of them ... are sitted against the wall, waiting for someone to call one of them ... they made me remember the good old times at Pattaya beach with all the girls arround the balcony waintig for the drunk mariner ... I have been there, today and yesterday and the day before yesterday ... and I´ll be back ... if this will the only hotel in the world !	
Nov 3 2009 	Not bad at all	I booked this hotel through superbreaks as they were offering a very good deal. You got two nights in the hotel, Rail and on the first evening a three course evening meal all for just £99.00. After reading the reviews on here regarding this hotel I was not looking forward to going at all as I cannot stand bad hotels, but this was really good. Its the biggest hotel in London and I thought it would show in the service from the staff but everyone was friendly and helpful. The rooms are basic but comfy and the shower is ace. The Dinner was ok but breakfast is gorgeous plenty to choose from. It is very close to the tube station ( Russell Square) which is very handy for exploring the surroundings. It is slightly noisy at night but there are over 3000 rooms in this place so you are bound to get noise. Overall I really enjoyed my holiday and would definatley book this hotel again.	
Nov 1 2009 	ideal hotel for the sightseer great location	Stayed here twice in 2009 both trips were excellent, the hotel although large the staff were very helpful. courteous and attentive. The rooms maybe considered small but what do you want when sightseeing in London, they are clean with tea and coffee making facilities, the bathroom was very clean with plenty of linen which was changed after we had used them, I did ask for an extra pillow which was provided within a few minutes.As far as breakfast go down early get a seat then go for your breakfast which you can have as much as you want, the english breakfast has plenty of choices to suit all along with as much tea coffee, toast etcSo all in all a good place to put your head down and we are looking forward to going back in 2010	
Oct 30 2009 	You get what you pay for....	Straight to the point....the reception doesn't open 'till Two o'clock,by which time a sizeable queue has formed and will take Twenty minutes or so to check in.The room,in all fairness,was reasonably good,clean and well equipped.There wasn't any noise from inside the hotel at night,but outside was moderately noisey due to traffic and the odd hoard of drunken half-wits,but these seem to cease about Midnight.The Breakfast was mediocre,but be warned,enter the 'canteen' after 07.30 and it's total chaos.As for evening meal,there's an abundance of eateries within Ten minutes walk.Reading the other reviews,it seems to be the luck of the draw if you get a decent room or not.Don't expect the Ritz,but for somewhere to doss down at night,it will suffice.You get what you pay for......	
Oct 29 2009 	Place is a dump	If I were 19 and into backpacking maybe it would be ok. I had a cot, not a single bed and the room was small. I got a renovated room when I went down and told the clerk the hotel was a dump. They gave me a very nice all be it small room that had just been renovated. Make sure to ask for one of the newer rooms before you put your money down. I would not recomend this hotel to anyone. It is a bit off the beaten path which results in more public transit. Taxis are crazy expensive.After two days of it we went to the Best Western Comwell. Hotel was small but the room was high end renovated. Very lovely bathroom.	
Oct 29 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Right here goes,just returned home today (29th October)after a 2 day stay at The Royal National Hotel,Russell Square.Room very good,clean,modern,plenty of storage,Reception fast and very helpful.Bar very good selection and reasonably priced.Breakfast ok not fantastic,restaurant a bit hectic,best to get down early to beat the queues.Location great,tubestation round the corner,Kings Cross 10minutes walk,Trafalgar Square 25minutes walk.All in all a very nice hotel,would definately go back	
Oct 28 2009	this is more a hostel than a hotel - not worth the money to stay	Room was cramped and outdated - where was the renovation? The curtains didnt hang right and the bathroom was very dodgy. Bed linen was clean though.Dont expect to get any sleep though - people shouting and banging doors constantly throughout the night - this was definately not a hotel more of a hostel environment.Breakfast was horrendous - you have to queue to get in the food hall and i dont mean a tiny queue i mean through a corridor and out towards the door - the room was way too small for the amount of coach parties that they hotel had accepted and it was clear that the staff were not coping. You then had to queue once in for the hot food and find a table - today it took 30 mins to actually get a table so you can image how stone cold the breakfast was!!! This hotel is definately not worth the money we paid for the B &amp; B service, would have got better quality accommodation and food if we had stayed in either a travel lodge or a premier in. Will definately be complaining to the tour operator who this stay was booked with.	
Oct 28 2009 	Not for xenophobes	Reception Fine.Room OK.Only toiletries - 3 bars of soap !Breakfast - fast, furious and so many people ! (If there's a queue for one restaurant, try the other)Poppadom Express - book or be prepared to wait. Severely understaffed and a limited choice on the buffet.	
Oct 26 2009 	DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL	I stayed in 13 different hotels over a month and this was the worst, the reception desk staff were rude and stupid. the room was small, dirty and overpriced. there are many hotels in that area that would have been far better for the price. Stay anywere but here.	
Oct 22 2009 	Adequate	I just returned from a theatre break at this hotel today. I booked with Superbreak through a travel agent and read the reviews after booking so was very apprehensive before arrival. Yes the hotel is huge and obviously a favourite with coach parties and school trips therefore you can't expect personal service but I found the rooms about what I would expect for a 3 star and the beds were clean and comfortable and towels replaced every day. We only used the hotel to sleep in and the location is brilliant. Breakfast is ok and previous comments about the jam are ridiculous. The jam is the usual little portions you get anywhere, the hotel don't make their own. There were plenty of rolls, cereals, toast etc for continental breakfast and the cooked breakfast was fine. It's a bit of a school canteen environment but can't be helped considering the size of the hotel and number of guests. The only issue I had was the hordes of school kids who swarmed around at breakfast and were a bit intimidating en masse as non of them appeared to have any manners whatsoever. This is probably the only thing which puts me off a return visit.	
Oct 22 2009	Very Basic - overpriced	I stayed here as part of a college trip. The hotel is very noisy- doors banging all the time, and whilst they are in the middle of redecorating it, all of our rooms were still of the old style i.e. didn't look like it'd been touched since the 70's! How this hotel has 3 stars i'll never know. The room was at least clean with clean sheets (awful bed though) The bathrooms have no extractor fan so after your shower everything is soaked in condensation - and hense mould in most of the corners! The breakfast is toast, cereal, fruit, tea coffee juice etc - for £4.50 you can have a cooked breakfast which looked ok. The location is very good - short walks from Euston/ Russell Sq. underground. Reception is only open 7.30 - 10.30 and when i wanted to buy a gym pass for the following morning i couldn't, 7.30 was too late for me so i couldn't go as we had to check out at 8.30 for our trip to depart. Basically it's a hostel - it's fine for somewhere to rest your head before you go out... not somewhere you'd want to spend any time at. Travellodge/Premiere Inn would be cheaper, cleaner and quieter in equally good locations!	
Oct 18 2009 	What a PIT	Having just come off a flight from Edinburgh and arriving at this shack at 11pm tied and just wanting to sleep and if I had any energy left in me from a gruelling week on a road show I would have got the hell out of this flea pit. I would avoid at all cost go and stay in a local bin its more cleaner and quieter than this pit. its a hole that holds the united nations and the back packers of the world and dare I say it tourists visiting to stayong over for the shows what must they be thinking the rooms are dated and the beds are like sleeping on a weetabix the smell of musk that hits you when you enter is a turn off and the square court outside the main entrance is target practice for the back packers and youths of today to throw milk cartons out of the window thinking its funny .we decided we could not sleep so we wanted something to drink and eat the bars shuts a 1am the beer is waterd down and the food is something left over from a series of TENKO avoid this pit at all cost and our company has taken this hole off our hotel list why it was on in the first place beggers belief	
Oct 17 2009 	Worst Hotel I Have Ever Stayed At....	This has to be the absolute worst hotel in London. It's run down, old and smelly. The walls are paper thin and you can hear everything that goes on in the hallways. The beds are uncomfortable and the furniture is from an era long gone. We had breakfast included in our stay, but did not even attempt it after reading reviews on Trip Advisor. Besides, we wanted to leave the place as early as possible every day....and only return to sleep. My advice to you is to find somewhere else....The location is about the only thing this place has going for it. Close to a tube station, shopping area, restaurants etc..	
Oct 17 2009 	Bad experience	Do not expect ANY kind of help from the staff if you have got problems concering your reservatoion. AND I MEAN NO HELP A T ALL. Having booked at home (Denmark), we presented a voucher the day we met. Was told the reservation had been cancelled. Absolutely NONE from the staff tried to help. Just told us to call the firm we had made the reservaion through.No offer to help. Any question asked: Sorry we cannot help you! Help yourselves. BAD, BAD, BAD expirience.	
Oct 17 2009 	brilliant location	hotel was clean and our roon was quiet and clean, shower was great and towels were clean every dat. go for breakfast before 8 it is much quieter out very fissy 7 year old always managed to find something to eat . location is brilliant 5 min walk from tube and tour bus stops outside the hotel be aware the bus ends at 5 o clock , lots of goups of kids but they never bothered us check in very busy but we were there at 2 o clock along with everybody else.for the money we paid it was good if you not looking for luxury and just place to lay your head after hectic day sightseeing ,we had 3 single beds and they were comfy enough , it is noisy in the room but its london what do you expect. saying that we never heard people in the othe room like so many folk have said , overall good value for money	
Oct 15 2009 	Not recommended - much better out there	Stayed here following a Contiki trip for 3 nights.In our room, there was dried blood on the bathroom floor. It was obvious it had not been cleaned and was quite disgusting.The rooms are small and the beds extremely uncomfortable. It was like there were springs popping out of the mattresses into your back. And this was for all beds, not just mine. Numerous people complained about them.The only reason they get so much business is the fact it is the meeting place for Contiki tours. I can recommend staying elsewhere nearby and you'll get a much better hotel for the same price.Choose elsewhere!!	
Oct 12 2009 	The worst ever	The rating was to be 3star. This place rates a minus star. The service was terrible, the towels were like sandpaper and had a smell of bleach, the beds***(no large beds available) were so uncomfortable, we needed physio when we returned home. It was like a hostel-noisy throughout the night. Had we not paid in advance to a tour company, we would have relocated. We felt ripped off.	
Oct 8 2009 	Comment on hotel	We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights bed and breakfast,the room was clean,breakfast was a full english buffet and was perfect plenty to choose from and hot. Hotel position was perfect for train stations and city centre. The good thing I liked was we were there 3 hours early and we could leave our cases in the porters room free off charge. The only thing I could complain about was its windows were not doubled glazed so you could hear the traffic but it was not loud.	
Oct 8 2009 	WE had a great time	The hotel was cleaner than expected, close to the tube, breakfast was good as wellbath was clean and lots of hot water.are room was close to the court yard,and the buses coming and going was noise as well as the pub. but we had a great time	
Oct 8 2009	okay if you don't expect much	stayed here one night before meeting up with a tour group. the layout is very confusing, the staff somewhat helpful and no extra amenities to be found. good if you're looking for something cheap and do not plan on being in the room much.	
Oct 6 2009	OK	ROYAL NATIONAL HOTEL, LONDONI only stayed at this hotel for one night, but from what I experienced, this was a pretty good hotel. It is really big, the biggest hotel in London actually! The rooms were okay. We were 3 persons in my room, and we had pretty good space to preserve our belongings. The hotel was about 8 minutes away from Kings Cross, so if you don’t mind taking the underground, the hotel has a pretty good location. All together it’s an okay hotel if you don’t want to spend a lot of money.	
Oct 6 2009 	OK for one night wouldn't stay there longer.	I visited the Royal National Hotel with my classmates, on our educational trip to London and Paris. We only stayed there for one night, and I must say I am happy it was not ment for a longer stay. We came a few hours before we could check in, so we had to put our luggage in another room for a while. It took quite some time to get that sorted out, however we were a big groop, so it was expected to take some time. The rooms were simple, but OK. Linens and towels were fine, beds too. With our three suitcases and with three people in the room it was not a lot of place to move on. This would be a hotel to only sleep in. There is one thing thought, that I found to be not so charming. While taking a shower, first of all the shower head was pointed towards the wall, and we were not able to turn it. Secondly you were standing in 10 cm of water. So I had a shower, but didn't really feel clean.We had ordered a continental breakfast, and were aware that it would be simple. And simple it was. Toast, butter and Jam. A few juices, but tasted like water. Coffee and tea of course, and cereal if you would like that. It was possible to get ful on that, however if you would like something a bit more exciting, I would recomend you to pay for a ful breakfast.All in all, an OK hotel. The best thing about it has to be its location. Close to supermarkets, tube stations and the British Museum. For sleeping it is fine, for daytime, find something else to do.	
Oct 6 2009	Okei!	Me and my classmates from Norway stayed one night in the Royal National Hotel in London. We were promised the room by two o’ clock, but when we got there, the room was not done. My room mates and I had to change and leave our things in an other room and didn’t have our room until the evening. The room wasn’t so bad. It had three beds and a lot of space. I think we got the biggest room. The lobby was nice, but the cleaning staff wasn’t very friendly. Another thing that was negative was the breakfast. It had very limited selection, and the jam was horrible! We didn’t stay much time at the hotel, so despite the negative parts, I had a great time in London.	
Oct 6 2009 	Riktig.	We stayed at this hotel for one night, and my impression of this place was that it was verry simple, like no shower curtain, no blow-dryer and stuff.. The cleaning staff was quite rude, and when we got there our rooms were not finished. which was inconvinient. I would not recomand the continental breakfeast, you'd rather buy something at a bakery. The location was good i guess, didn't really have the time to check out our neighbourhood. A positive thing about the hotel was that they had a hot receptionist, who kind of looked like chris brown. That's was an upper!	
Oct 6 2009	ok	i stayed at this hotel with my class. When we arrived the crew still cleaned the rooms so we had to wait for a time, but generally the rooms were ok. the location were fine, because Kings Cross were just a five min. walk. at night many people gathered down in the bar and i think it was a bit to noisy.	
Oct 6 2009	Budget hotel	I stayed one night at the Royal National Hotel in London with my classmates from Norway, and I am satisfied with my stay. My expectations were not that high, because we were travelling on a low budget trip, but the hotel was better than I hoped, even tough the rooms were very simple furnished. However, if you are planning to stay at this hotel, I would recommend you to order full breakfast, as the continental breakfast did not have much to offer except toast and disgusting jam.	
Oct 6 2009	A night in London	My classmates and I stayed at this hotel for one night, before our trip to Paris. A large hotel with many rooms and good service. The staff helped us with finding a place where we could keep our luggage while we were checking out major attractions in London. The bedroom was OK, with good hygiene. We did not pay for full breakfast, so the simple breakfast we ate did not include a wide selection of food. We paid for the most simple breakfast, and got it. Strawberry/marmalade and toast. All in all we had a nice stay at this hotel, and I would like to recommend it for other travelers.	
Oct 6 2009	Budget hotel	The main sell of this hotel is obviously location. It’s located close to Russel square, and the underground is only five minutes away. I will strongly recommend this hotel to budget travelers, because you do get a lot for your money. It’s a rather big hotel, so the staff is not that personal. The breakfast was a big disappointment! I only paid for continental breakfast, so I strongly recommend to pay extra for a wider selection of food. I find it hard to say anything at all about this hotel, firstly because I only stayed there for one night. Secondly, I didn’t dislike anything, but I didn’t go crazy for something either. Everything was just fine, nothing extraordinary. But as I said, not a bad choice if you’re travelling on a budget.	
Oct 4 2009 	great coast x benefict	a very big hotel, the neighborhood is prepared to serve the hotel, stores of luggage, clothes, souveniers supermarket and others. metro sation at 5 minutes walking( russel square station), 3 minutes of russel square( a beautiful square) and 5 minutes walking of british museum. the bar of the hotel is always full at night. big and helpfull staff. safe neighborhood. one great advantage in this hotel, is booking your transfer for the airport in the staff hotel, but they win a comission with that. i found in the outing of the russel square metro station for 10 pounds, in an advertisement( in hotel was 15). and the mister who answered the phone was very polite, aducated, attentive and came in the right hour of the transfer. the breakfast was basic but ok. the room was good, clean and tidy every day. 6 lifts in hotel, dont worry about waiting for the lift	
Sep 30 2009 	Not a Bad Budget Choice at All.	I stayed at this hotel about four times between 1999 and 2006, as I was in college/grad school, and traveling on the cheap. Rates directly through the hotel's website are OK, but some great deals can be had by packaging through British Airways.The main sell of this hotel is location. For a budget traveler, Bloomsbury is perfect-- it is quiet, has a village feel, and has several grocers and convenience stores if you're also eating meals on the cheap. Within one block is a post office, a park, a Hart's Greengrocers, a number of pubs, the Russell Square tube station, a bank, and several other amenities. Euston, King's Cross/St. Pancras are a decent (but not exhausting) walk north.The rooms are about equivalent to a budget chain in the States (Super 8 or Motel 6), with the added European convenience of a decent-enough hotel bar, lounge areas, travel desk, and restaurant (the restaurant serves a good full-english breakfast with bacon/beans/tomato/eggs/toast and tea-- not fantastic for other meals). There are in-room tea/coffee making facilities, the bathrooms are en-suite, and generally are very clean. The linens and towels are not overly attractive, but are cleaned and changed daily unless you ask them otherwise. The beds are comfortable, but nothing special. The windows open slightly, and you can get a cool breeze and the ambient street sounds at night.The hotel is quite popular with tour groups, especially those of the high-school/undergrad variety. I never had any problem with the noise when I was there, and in fact needed to open the window to let some city noise in to get to sleep properly, but if you're bothered by the very presence of the 16-24 crowd, this might not be the place for you. Please note that the same company also owns four other hotels in the general area with different client bases and similar value.Staff are available, but not intrusive-- if you want something, you're going to need to ask for it-- maybe twice.All in all, I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is just looking for a safe place to sleep and store their luggage and purchases, and from which all of London is easily accessible, and with a cab to St. P's, Paris is also easily accessible.	
Sep 30 2009 	Th worst EVER	We needed a place to stay as we were leaving on Contiki the next day. When we got to the hotel my friends and i were split up into different room even though we booked a triple share room. Eventually they gave us a room, when trying to find it we hit a dead end and realise that the room was under construction. We finally got a room that was tiny and the beds where very springy. The bathrooms were good enought for just one shower, needless to say we checked out the next day. Terrible hotel....STAY AWAY!!!!	
Sep 29 2009 	Decent Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Royal National for 6 nights and we were not disappointed with our stay. It is a large Hotel and rather impersonal. The room was nice and spacious and the beds were roomy. The walls were a little on the thin side and we were able to hear everything happening in the room next to us, oh well, it just added to our experience! We booked the room with British Airways and breakfast was supposed to be included. However, the breakfast that was included consisted of cold cereal and milk. There was a nice hot breakfast there, but you had to pay extra. The location of the Hotel was good, close to a Tube stop and within walking distance of the British Museum. I would stay there again I suppose, but would prefer to look for a place with a little more charm.	
Sep 28 2009 	Not too bad	This is a weird hotel to review, as it did nothing to annoy me, or to make me hate it, but it wasn't to my taste. The rooms very clean, but very old fashioned, with a small bathroom. Huge hotel, and one night went in through the wrong door and took ages to find our room!! Cleaners very keen, with a knock on our door a few minutes past 8 asking when we where checking out!Breakfast was nice, but the room was untidy, took us ages to find a table and after we did we had to clear up the previous peoples breakfast waste!! I only stayed one night and that was ok, don't think I could survive a week here.	
Sep 27 2009 	A prefect hotel for modest tourists!	I spent 4 days in London with a group of friends this June, and after reading the reviews of this hotel, most of them appaling, I felt like writing a review too!We have to realize that we all different people with different expectations, needs and habits!So, if you are poshy. classy, demanding guest, DON'T go to this hotel and you can start searching for another hotel immediately!But if you are just a tourist in London with a wish to do a lot of sight seeing and only spend few hours in hotel room. GO to this hotel!I won't speak much about the location, it's just prefect, city center, with easy access to any other part of the city (bus,tube, on foot!)About the hotel itself: It's just a decent building without any eccessive decorations or details. It's prefect for tourists or large groups, since you don't have to let the reception know when you leave or enter your room. Literally. we saw the reception when we checked in and out, which was quite fast, without waiting.Rooms are small but big enough to feel comfortable, not like in prison. Bathroom is small bot with big bath tube, which was great. No problems with leaking, mould, bed bugs or anything like that!!!Our reservation included only continental breakfast, which consists of toast, jam, cereals and fruit, but there is English breakfast which you can buy at the price of 4.50 pounds, which is quite tasty. The only thing that bothered us was that we were there at the same with a kids' excursion, so we had to wait for about 15-20 minutes to get to the dining room. It was only on the fourth morning the manager realised the waiting line was too long, so a bigger dining room was opened.Not to forget to mention, sheets and towels are changed each second day, so you don't have to take your own towels, as I did, trusting the reviews saying there are no towels at all!It's true thatt this hotel is not of the best, there are a lot things missing, but for the money you pay and the location you get, it's just perfect! I'm planning another trip to London and I will definitely stay at this hotel too!And for the end, a piece of advise for all those writing these just awful reviews: if you wantperfect service, large rooms with perfect view, go and pay 200 or more pounds for a night at another hotel, and don't scare other people who plan to stay at this hotel!	
Sep 26 2009 	Great hotel - perfect location	Just stayed at the Royal National Hotel and its brilliant. The hotel isn't 4 star but it is perfect for staying at if you want to do sigh seeing around London, its clean and rooms are comfortable. The free evening meal was ok, it saved us having to trail out and find somewhere to eat our first night of arrival. We had soup and bread bun, followed by goulash rice and chips and then sweet. Not fancy restaurant setting but it was fine . The breakfast was fantastic though the next day, you couldn't have asked for anything more.. Full english, toast, cereal, fruit juice and tea and coffee... we were full all day after eating this breakfast. The only downside to this hotel is that if you book on a budget short break you definitely get the budget rooms, perfectly adequate but no extras ie no shampoos, shower gel or hair dryer like it says on the website. Wasn't a problem though as there is a shop in the lobby so I was able to buy things. Definitely remember to bring your hairdryer though... the location of this hotel is brilliant its literally 1 min from the Russell Court tube station from where you can get anywhere in London. A tip, buy a day travel card which is just over £5 and you can travel anywhere on the tube and buses for a full day which saves you loads. (a single trip from kings cross to russell square is £4). All in all dont be put off by some of the reviews, this hotel is brilliant for a base to sight see everything in london. I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 24 2009	Odious Hotel	i went to this hotel with a school group and have never been so appauled! dont let the nice reception fool you or the dining room its a horrid hotel and is just generally awful. the beds in room 4244 were awful three of them packed into a small rectangular space and the bathroom well it was so disgusting there are no words for it! the beds were on wheels and the covers on them were scratchy and just overall gross. the bathroom was horrible the toilet leaked and so did the shower once you got it working because they are like ones you would expect to find in a prison and would only go on really really hot or absolutley freezing! the windows are a death trap i mean they open fully into the path of either a busy London street or the court yard of the hotel. once you have got over the rooms which you never will then there is the food. you have to pay for a cooked breakfast and its not even worth it its like eating a piece of rubber! and the toast is chewy and completely inedible unless you feel like chewing for a day and a half! but back to the rooms, most of the bathrooms have mould above the bath and are really small even when there are 3 people in one room! the walls are so thin that if you sneeze the people in the next room can hear you...trust me, people next to me had hay fever! the staff are unhelpful and moody for example one of the many times our room keys didnt work and we asked for help the huffed about helping and then grunted when you said thank you. they are so rude its unbelieveable and their time gossiping would be better spent learning manners! however if black mould and unhelpful staff and horrible food are your thing well then this hotel is sure to please you! i would not recommend this to anyone even if i didnt like them i wouldnt cruel enough to enflict that on anyone!	
Sep 23 2009 	terrible !!!!	We were given a dirty room at the end of a very long corridor. The decor was shabby, the mattresses were filthy and the last refurbishment appeared to have been in the 30s. The breakfast seems a prison, is like the series Prison Brake, without any conditions to start the day....i would never advise any one to stay here, the treatment of employees and especially the manager was terrible, the rooms are dirty, we change our room for 2 times, we find fleas, the walls had mold and the environment stank.	
Sep 23 2009 	BED BUGS.... do not stay here	I was in London for only one night and instead of paying $300USD I opted for a lower rated hotel with a good, central location. The hotel itself appeared just how it was rated: nothing fancy, very 2 star-ish. The room was bare bones, but that's okay - I expected it; we would only be there for 6 hours overnight.The next morning, however, I noticed the back of my legs were all red, bitten with bed bugs! Having 2 single beds, my friend was NOT bitten.Took days for the bites to heal as we traveled through Western Europe.I did advise the hotel right away, but the desk clerk looked at me and said &quot;thanks for telling us, luv.&quot;STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE, FOR THE SAKE OF YOUR SKIN/BODY!	
Sep 22 2009 	spot on location	having read other reviews i was a bit unsure what to expect, the location of the hotel was spot on couldnt have got any better, rooms yes abit small but after a long day fo sightseeing all you want is a shower and somewhere to lay your head, clean towels everyday and room cleaned, breakfast time busy but no problem geting a table, couldnt fault the food plenty and hot, YES i would stay in this hotel again.	
Sep 18 2009 	good value	was very apprehensive about this hotel after viewing reviews but can say honestly that we were well pleased with our stay. Good location, room, if a little small, was clean and adequate, bathroom also clean, maid in every morning, staff friendly and helpful, dining room can be busy around 8-830am but 8.45 other guests boarding coaches so becomes calmer. Complimentary 3-course meal taken at Presidente Hotel was very nice and adequate. Location of hotel is excellent for getting around. Only one grouse - no hairdryer in room and none available to hire!	
Sep 13 2009 	amazing value! great location!	we stayed for 3 nights in sept 09, we were given rooms on the 7th floor, after reading reviews on here we wondered if paying more for another hotel might be a good idea! so glad we did'nt though! this hotel is amazing value and our rooms were very clean and cleaned every day. rooms had single beds (not the end of the world), lcd tv, great view over london, we did hear the higher floor rooms had been done up recently and this looked to be the case as everything in the room looked new. breakfast was a bit busy and schoolish but with the amount of rooms its not a surprise. staff were all friendly and the hotel had a great buzz about it! i would def stay here again! at the end of the day we got 1st class rail travel and 3 nights for 200 quid. great value! leaves you with more spending money for your trip.	
Sep 13 2009	Great Hotel for the price	I was a little unsure what the hotel was going to be like, considering how large it is, but any fears I had quickly dissipated. There were 12 of us in our group and none of us were disappointed! Rooms are very clean &amp; are a nice size. Bearing in mind that this is a budget hotel it is definitely very good value for money. The food is above average and the choice available at breakfast is very good. We were also pleasantly surprised at how in-expensive the drinks were in the bar! If you're looking for a reasonably priced centrally located hotel then this is for you. We can definitely recommend it.	
Sep 12 2009	Great hotel and price	The maids are a little ants about you leaving as soon as possible in the morning. They start cleaning around 9 am.	
Sep 11 2009 	The worst hotel we have ever stayed in	The group messed up our booking and sent us to the Royal National. Despite our request for a disabled room near the lift due to my partner's mobility problems, we were given a dirty room at the end of a very long corridor at least a 4 minute walk from the lift. The decor was shabby, the mattresses were filthy and the last refurbishment appeared to have been in the 50s. Breakfast has been described by others as like a school canteen. This is grossly unfair to school canteens. A prison camp may be a more accurate description.The hotel was full of tourists from all over the world and it is an embarrassment to Britain that this place even exists under the guise of a hotel.	
Sep 11 2009 	never again	i would never advise any one to stay here again i was taken here or my 30th birthday as a romantic weekend and found we where given single beds and to be told they had no double beds so we made do pushing them together . With the offer we had booked it included dinner or the first night which was like being back at school and breakfast was exactly the same i wouldnt ever go and stay again or advise any one else to .	
Sep 9 2009 	Good Location excellent value	We stayed there for 3 nights, the room and bathroom were clean and comfortable and quiet no noise from corridors, the hotel is very large and the breakfast room can get really busy at peak times but there are notices warning about this. The english breakfast is not fancy but there is plenty of food and you can have as much as you want. The hotel is in a good spot easy for the tube, buses and there is usually a couple of taxi's waiting outside. If you want somewhere really posh this is not the place but it is excellent value for money and I would stay there again.	
Sep 8 2009 	Hotel drab	Hotel room small but ok for price. Hotel drab and too big.Breakfast was like a free for all and we were allowed in after standing in a long que why? I do not know as there were no tables at all vacant.We managed some toast and just wanted to get out even though we paid for Full English.Anyway next day we just went out and found a lovely cafe and sat outside and enjoyed a full English Breakfast for £5 each and we were served at our table.So Royal National should either charge a few pounds less and just do room only Or sort the dining room out. Too big and too busy/Regards June	
Sep 6 2009	BEDBUGS !!!!	I stayed at the Royal National for 2 nights with a large group of friends to go to Wembley for the Challenge Cup Final. First impressions were that the Hotel was huge and packed with every nationality available. I was with a friend and we were allocated a twin room on the 6th floor. We woke on the first day and went for a stroll and for breakfast ( avoid the restaraunt its like a cattle market !! ) when we went back to our room the maid had been in but only made one bed and left us a note saying that routine maintenance meant we had to change rooms. My friend asked one of the maids and asked if it was a problem with the bed as she hadn't made it !, the maid replied yes it is Bedbugs !!! We went to reception and asked and they said No there is an electrical fault so we changed rooms to another one on the same floor. We have now been home for 5 days and I'm covered in bites , just been to see the Doctor and the first thing he said to me was 'have you stayed in a hotel ' and diagnosed the rash as bites from probably bed bugs ! I'm trying to get in touch with the rest of thr group now to see if anyone else has suffered from them.	
Sep 4 2009 	nice 3 days would have been better if in another hotel	Had a nice time in london, dont think they realise what a double bed is in the royal national, check in staff did not seem interested, rooms were small, breakfast was like a school dinner hall with a free for all find a bench.Would never stay again. sorry but its the truth.	
Sep 1 2009 	better than reviews	Like most other reviewers we were not looking forward to our stay at this hotel but booked on the spur of the moment after seeing the short break advertised in an agents window when we came home and read reviews we thought we had made a major error .Wearrived on saturday and things could not have been better our room was very clean food was excellent breakfast was very good pots were cleared away very quickly it is a very busy hotel but on leaving the entrance it was very quiet we shall definately be back	
Aug 31 2009 	cleancomfortablebasic rooms in a great location at a reasonable price	Having read some of the other reviews I was dreading staying here.Don't be put off -the rooms are clean,comfortable,and at least some are quiet. I agree the pillows could be better.But thats about the worst thing I could say about the place.There are 1600 rooms so 3000 people can make a lot of noise.Central London does have lots of traffic including buses,and its impossible to have a central location with no noise.If you don't like lots of other people or lots of traffic then stay somewhere else.	
Aug 30 2009 	Better than expected	After reading previous reviews I really wasnt looking forward to my stay in London but upon arrival I was pleasantly surprised. Arrived around 12:30 so we couldnt check in so left our cases in the store room. We had trips planned from 3pm so took a walk around the corner and visited the British Museum before getting the tube from Tottenham Court Road across to Victoria. We went back to the hotel around 6 and checked into our room, all the staff appear to be foreign but there was no language barrier. We were allocated room 3003 which overlooks the courtyard which is very noisey on a night so the hotel could do with upgrading to double glazed windows. The room was clean beds were comfy but need better pillows. Tea &amp; coffee facilities are available. We were allocated the Windsor room for breakfast which included a full english, bacon is a no go but the eggs, sausage etc were good. 1st morning we were down for breakfast around 7:30am and the room was fairly empty so wide choice seats but the following morning we got down there around 8:45am and it was like feeding time at the zoo. We took our free meal at the poppadom express buffett resaurant and it was really nice, naan breads you have to pay for and soft drinks are a little expensive. If you want to leave your cases at the hotel after you check out you can do so at an extra cost of 50p per case. Overall I would stay there again, really close to the tube station and only 1 stop from Kings Cross. Dont be put off by the previous negative reviews and remember you get what you pay for, if you want luxury stay somewhere else but this hotel is ideal for a 2 night break.	
Aug 30 2009 	Good Value for Money	Travelled on a Superbreak with 13 year old Son plus Sister and her 17 year old Daughter in addition to our Mother. Like other visitors I had read the reviews and was dreading staying at this Hotel. Tried to change but because we required a triple room had very little choice and was persuaded to give a try by the rest of the party. We contacted the hotel beforehand by email to request adjoining rooms on a lower floor and received a response saying they would make every attempt to accommodate our request. We arrived at the hotel at around 12.30 and could not check in until 2.00 pm but were able to leave our luggage in a secure room. We found the staff to be friendly and helpful asking us if we needed any advice or directions. We had a short walk around and then returned to the hotel to check in at 2.00 pm. We were giving interconnecting rooms on the first floor (as per our request). The rooms were basic but clean, although the sliding doors to the toilet and bathroom were rather odd. Our package included the evening meal, which to me was OK and I personally would not bother with if I stayed again, but others seemed to thoroughly enjoy it. However, for what we paid for this break having the evening meal or not is not an issue. Breakfast was also included in our package and although I only had organge juice and toast I could have had a full English breakfast if I wanted. As others have stated the Hotel was very busy, lots of people coming and going, however, we did not experience any unnecessary noise or disturbances when we were in our rooms. To sum up we found the hotel to be basic but clean, in a very good location close to a tube station, although we either walked or jumped in a taxi. We would not hesitate to recommend the hotel and would stay at the hotel again.	
Aug 27 2009 	don't be put off	I read the reviews about this hotel before travelling for a 2 day break with my family and was absolutely dreading staying here. However, I did not find that this hotel was as bad as had been previously reviewed. Location was excellent for access to tube to get us around London quickly. The staff were all pleasent and helpful. The room was small and had a double bed, single bed and a temporary bed all sqeezed in. But as we only spent time in the room to sleep, it wasn't a problem for us. The pillows need renewing though. The room was clean, bedding was clean and the bathroom was clean. Breakfast was adequate with a choice of cereals, toast, bread rolls and fruit. It was buffet style, and you could eat as much as you wanted. Tea, coffee, milk and fruit juices were also available. A cooked breakfast was on offer for additional charge, and looked to be nice, although we didn't try it. However, I didn't see people leaving their food. It was busy for breakfast, however, you could visit the dining room between 7 and 10, so there was plenty of time to get your breakfast. We went to the London cafe for our complimentry evening meal which was included in our stay, and the food here was not so good. But there is a choice of other places to eat nearby, so maybe it was our bad luck the we chose this place. In the local area there is a Tesco local, Waitrose, a shopping centre with the likes of Gap, New Look, pret a manger, starbuks etc. There is also a park close by which is small, but a welcome green space on a hot day.Overall, our stay was good, and I would use the hotel again as part of a short break package. If you want to spend more time in your hotel room, this may not be the place to stay, but as a base for seeing London it was good.	
Aug 25 2009 	good value clean but busy	Went down to Lonodn with my wife for a 2 day stay on a superbreak costing £103 pp including railtravel. Having seen the previous reviews, was a bit apprehensive. Checkin not allowed before 2pm but we were allowed to store bags at the hotel foc on arrival (note they charge 50p per bag for storage on the day of departure). Went to watch England win the ashes at the party in the Park and allocated room on return at 7pm- at the end of a corridor, no problems with noise. Room clean and tidy , not overly hot, but pillows a little old. good choice of channels on TV. Good powerful shower and plenty clean towels, staff friendly and helpful.Our superbreak included a voucher for evening meal with a choice of places , so we went to the Bedford hotel (5 mins walk) - not busy, helpfuil waiter, good food - thai chicken and chicken &amp;bacon salad. Good beer (green king IPA at reasonable price £2.30). Breakfast v busy , but we managed to get a table to ourselves. Breakfast is what you expect for mass catering considering the footfall of people. With my voucher, the helpful lady on the till said I could also have a cooked breakfast as well as cereal, without prompting, so hats off to her. Eggs OK , sausage ok, tomatoes ok, bacon - like rubber , toast like elastic, tea not good, coffee ok. Considering the price we paid, these are minor points. It is interesting that every other person staying at the hotel seemed to be spanish, dont know if they have block bookings. We will be booking another superbreak and will happy to stay again at the royal national. Good location, not too far from west end theatres.	
Aug 24 2009 	Do Not Stay Here	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights it was a big dissapointment; i stayed 5 years before and it was shabby but clean now it is very shabby and dirty. the sheets were clean but the other bedding was dirty the toilet was also dirty there was also a lot of dust over pipes and radiater. the dining room is like a canteen tables not cleared and the vfood was very poor quality. the only good thing they gave a voucher for a free meal to use in another hotel.	
Aug 23 2009 	great value	We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and was very surprised, we had been on this site after we had booked ,and of course thought we sholud change hotels , but decided as it was close to where we was going to see a show we decided not to . Glad we did not as the rooms were clean and well laid out, Staff very friendly .as we got a voucher for a meal on the first night we walked up to the Bedford hotel and ate there .That to was good ,the waiter in there was friendly and very chatty. we would recommend this hotel , we stayed at the hilton in maidftone back in june and we can assure you this stay was better .	
Aug 21 2009 	Pay extra to stay somewhere else	Check in took almost an hour, breakfast was awful and made me ill for the next two days. A member of staff had a loud aggressive argument with a black cab driver which made lots of people very uncomfortable. There was no security, anyone could walk in without question, this is probably becuse of the size of the hotel. Also the cleaners came into our room at 8:40am, they would know from reception which rooms had ben vacated but they just came in anyway!I would rather pay more and stay somewhere else.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great hotel for the price	I stayed here for 1 night with a friend. It is a very large hotel with facilities including Indian restaurant and traditional pub plus swimming pool and bowling alley nearby where we we got discounted prices. I am suprised to read the poor reviews below.. considering the low price we paid (we booked the hotel on ba.com) I thought it was very clean and excellent central location.	
Aug 19 2009 	The most unpleasant hotel experience I have ever had	Noisy beyond belief. Dirty rooms (the toilet actually leaked). Badly trained staff that clearly didn't want to be there and who offered nothing in the way of customer service. A thoroughly unpleasant experience. Would not be tempted by the price - it simply isn't worth it.	
Aug 17 2009 	Far too noisy for young family	Location is great, an easy walk from Kings Cross Mainline and Russell Sq Underground stations. The English Buffet Breakfast was very good, the 'Complimentary 3 Course Evening Meal' I can be anything but complimentary about, very poor indeed. The family room was too hot and if the window was opened the traffic noise was intolerable. Even with the windows closed it was still very noisy and the walls are too thin, so that you were aware of everything that was going on in the next room. Someone checked in next door at 1.30am and woke us all up, then didn't settle down till after 3am. Other guests we spoke with commented on how quiet it was on the other side of the hotel. We'll know another time, if there is another time, with this hotel to request a quiet room as far away from the traffic as possible. Would recommend buying an Oyster Card for trips on the Underground.	
Aug 14 2009 	Chaotic shambles	You would think that being a large hotel they would have an idea of how to run things but they consistently stuffed things up. We stayed here for a few nights at various times during our recent stay in the UK. Each time we stayed here, we were given room cards at check-in that opened rooms that already had occupants in them. On most occasions, the room cards would not work and you would have to go back down to reception to have them reactivated. On our last stay, we booked a double only to be told on arrival that they only had twins available and there was nothing they could do about it. The hotel was busy and the staff were rude.	
Aug 14 2009 	horrible hotel	First impression of the hotel was not favourable. It was so busy. Rooms were cleaner than I thought they would be . I did not use the tea and coffee facilites are they were cheap tea bags.We went to the sister hotel the President for our evening meal. That was like fawlty towers . Meal was not good, staff didn't seem to have a clue and had no manners. Crockery was dirty. Breakfast in the National hotel was appalling, there were not enough tables, we had to eat ours in the filthy Cafe London ,the toast was like rubber. It was pandemoneum. The next day we went out for our breakfast. On the second night I woke up to find a man in my room who had used a key to get in. He had obviously got the wrong room but I was appalled that someone would be able to get into my room. When I complained they hardly even apolised. The staff who put the cases into the storage were quite abrupt and ill mannered. I would never stay in this hotel again.	
Aug 13 2009 	the armpit of london	I'm sure this sad excuse for a hotel was state of the art when it last had a refurb in 1970,now however it really is well past it's sell by date. As an Englishman i felt ashamed of the pitiful standards on display at this huge hotel in our nations capital,in front of a multi national clientele,there simply is no excuse for this level of service. Reception appear to think that it is acceptable to use the argument &quot;we have 3000 guests and are very busy&quot;as an excuse for atrociously low standards,well i have news for the Imperial Hotels management,try the 8000 room Venetian in Vegas and witness how a grown up hotel is run. Alas i fear they know exactly what to do,and how to do it,but while people continue to turn up they will continue to run the place like a doss house and keep counting the cash.My advice,do yourself a favour spend a few pound more and stay elsewhere,anywhere infact. VOTE WITH YOUR FEET!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 8 2009	Great Value	My 21 year old daughter and I stayed here last week on two night Superbreak. After reading reviews, we weren't expecting much. However as the break only cost £104 each including rail fares from Newcastle, we were OK with this. However, we were pleasantly surprised. We checked in early, yet our room was ready. The room was clean and in good decorative order-furnishing were better quality than a four star hotel I stayed in recently for business. Tea making facilities provided. The beds were not the most comfortable we have slept in, but after a busy day sightseeing, we slept soundly. Didn't hear any noise as mentioned in previous reviews.Staff were friendly and efficient and the many nationalities staying at the hotel, made it seem exciting and very cosmopolitan.Our Superbreak deal include full english breakfast and an evening meal on the first night. The breakfast was basic but quite tasty-self service. Be prepared that the dining room is very busy and you may end up sharing a table with other guests. The evening meal could be taken in any of the Imperial Hotel group hotels including the Royal National. However, as the RN seemed to be serving quite basic food only, we chose elsewhere. The self service restaurant in the RN is open until 2.00am and we did take advantage of this for a snack after the theatre on our second night. Again, no complaints.The bigest advantage of the RN is the location. It is minutes away from Russell Square Tube Station or within walking distance of lots of tourist attractions. On the whole, we had an enjoyable stay and would definitely return	
Aug 7 2009 	You get what you pay for	LOCATIONThe hotel was unbelievably easy to get to which was quite surprising. It is situated in Bloomsbury right next to Russell square Gardens on the Bedford Way which was very close to Woodburn Place and Tavistock Square which was perfect for us to get to as we travelled down on the M1 and used the A1 and A400.The hotel was excellently situated for getting into the main shopping areas, as Russell Square tube was only a 2 minute walk away.The area the hotel is in is very busy especially in rush hour so if you want to drive there I would suggest going early or late because we were getting caught up in traffic at 9 o clock. The hotel is that well situated you would think you couldn't miss it well not until you have drove by it like we did. You may panic as the area is on one long 1 way system but if you follow the road in a circle you find the back very easily,Although the hotel wasn't perfect as you are about to fund out the location was that good I would certainly stay here again just for ease of use.ARRIVAL AND FIRST IMPRESSIONSWhen we arrived at the hotel you drive straight into the middle of the hotel its like being in a drive thru American hotel check in. You then go down into the underground car park, which is charge at 15 for 24 hour, not bad value for money I don't think. Once you are up the stairs and in the reception you appreciate how big the hotel is. We arrived at 22:00 and usually you wouldn't expect to say many about but there were people everywhere. The pub was full, the cocktail bar was full there was a queue at the reception and the place was buzzing not in a bad way but in a very strange way. The hotel was mainly full of foreign travellers so I suppose they were on their holidays and were just letting their hair down like we do when we go away.Once we got the reception we were asked to fill some details out and I noticed my name was spelt Mr Gemma lol how rude they thought I was a man on the phone!!! Honestly I don't sound like a man. Once we were given our key and directions to out room (trust me you need them the place is huge) we were asked if we wanted to pay now or at the end of the stay. I was wondering if they wanted my money or not so I paid straight away just in case I forgot the following day.I was quite surprised at how busy the hotel was but the facilities were good and prices were good so you can't blame people for taking advantage of that. There were plenty of vending machines around which was good the bottled water was £1 which I thought was quite good value and crisps and chocolate same price as your local corner shop. There was a large desk where you could book theatre tickets, bus tickets and excursions etc. I also spotted something I had never seen before I know this might sound sad but it was a machine where you put your phone or ipod in and have it charged. I was very fascinated about how it did it but I wasn't allowed to look because my boyfriend thought I was silly.HintThere are lots of ways to get to your room because there are about a million sets of stairs and about 20 lifts so listen carefully to the receptionist's directionsTHE ROOMAfter finally finding out room we had a bit of trouble getting in it took 6 goes and finally we were in. it opened by a swipe card but for some reason it just didn't want to work. Once we were in the room was quite cosy it was a decent size and very adequate for the 1 night out room over looked the middle of the hotel which was where the traditional pub was situated and we had the window open so it was quite loud but not in an annoying way it was nice to see people enjoying themselves for a change. I have read complaints about this but once the window was closed I couldn't hear anything.The hotel is twin beds unless you request a double which we did I was told this probably wouldn't happen but when we got in I noticed we did in fact have a double bed which was very nice and comfortable luckily for me because I hate sleeping in hotel beds and when I can I take my own pillow and quilt (I know very sad) but I have a complete phobia but the bed was fine.There was a small television in the room with the usual 5 channels and then itv2 and a couple of foreign channels, a dressing table with mirror, a wardrobe and bathroom with bath and shower. Unfortunately the bathroom was a bit grotty to say the least it was very dark and dingy with a lot of cracked and missing tiles and some mysterious black stuff. The tap also leaked and dripped all night, which was a bit annoying, but I couldn't have had a shower or bath there even if I stunk because it was just horrid. In the end I ran in and out to brush my teeth and to go to the toilet.THE BREAKFASTWe set our alarms for an early start and were looking forward to a nice hearty breakfast and my boyfriend was making the usual threats if he doesn't get enough he was going to kill me etc and I was starving so was praying for some good food.We weren't disappointed once we had located the restaurant we had been allocated we found a seat and had a look around. The restaurant was huge and was set out with big long tables like at school and then some smaller tables dotted around. The smaller tables all seemed to still have food on or people at them so we just sat in the middle of a school table. There were two breakfast areas the continental section, which seemed to have all the travellers around it. That consisted of rolls, toast, jams, juice and tea. The English section was a lot better there was a full fry up sausages, eggs, beans, tomatoes, hash browns, bacon the lot. There were also cereals, toast, tea, and juice.The staff are quite strict that they see your yellow checking in cards as we left ours at out table by mistake and the chef said we must see it go and get it I think it was because if you didn't have one you had to pay but from what I could see there wasn't a room tariff which didn't include breakfast unless holiday groups had this sort of package.The food was hot and very tasty it was just like being on holiday the only trouble was that some of the tea urns had gone cold not sure how but it left lots of full tea cups everywhere and the staff weren't very quick at clearing away. There was an excellent selection and I don't believe anyone could have gone hungry.Breakfast was served from 7am until 10am.OVERALL THOUGHTSThis may not be the nicest hotel in London but is clean enough for a night or two granted I wouldn't be able to spend a week there but a couple of nights wouldn't have killed me. Some people may not like the hotel because they prefer the bathrooms to be huge and white tiled and the rooms royal and spacious but lets face it £85 for two people aint going to get you the Ritz.The hotel has a good feel, there are always lots of people around and everyone is friendly. The staff are not rude but many don't speak amazing English so they tend just to get on with it, which is fine by me.The food was nice and the location was excellent so therefore I would visit this hotel again and I would recommend it to anyone visiting the area for a night two.Just a note to say if you stay at this hotel and you use the Car Park and need to pay the congestion charge you can do this there but only with a credit card if you only have cash or a debit card you have to go looking for a shop that offers the service which can be quite difficult.	
Aug 6 2009 	Terrible Hotel	The Hotel was really Dirty in our room.The Reception Staff were Terrible. They were Rude.The Beds were Moving when we sat down on them.The noise was just outside our room window and you could hear the loud noises all night. The Swimming Pool wasnt in our Hotel it was down the road in a Health Club . It was 8 pounds for the Adults each and it was 5 pound for the Children each. One Day we went Swimming and they charged me 8 pound and it was meant to be 5 pound for me because i am a Child.I would not go to that Hotel again even if i was dared to go.	
Aug 6 2009 	Fab For value of money	I stayed at the royal national hotel and i thought for the value of money it was very good. I work in travel and i found it very good for getting to all areas of london. Food was good and the staff were very friendly. Rooms were clean and were cleaned every day i would recommend to stay here. I would defo go back!	
Aug 4 2009 	London Theatre Break	This hotel is the worst one i've ever stayed in, the staff were argumentive when dealing with enquireys, the advertised pool dose not belong to them, &amp; is actually a health club down the road, so extra payment is needed. No saftey deposit boxes provided, the room was adequate as such, but the bed was hard &amp; lumpy &amp; the noise from the street below deafening. This old hotel was dirty in places particulary the outside, in short it needs a complete renovation or pulling down.	
Aug 3 2009 	Not quite my cup of tea.	This hotel is recommended by British Airways on their web site. Sadly it failed to mention that the hotel caters for large groups, particularly holidaying teenagers and school parties. It is a very large hotel and well situated for seeing London, however, it did not live up to our expectations of somewhere the airline would recommend. The room was particularly small with the double bed against a wall and only one chair (hard backed). But I have to note that it had been recently refurbished and had, what appeared to be, a new carpet. The bathroom was adequate and all was spotlessly clean. Our room looked out onto a quadrangle of other rooms and therefore, it was necessary to keep the curtains closed to avoid others seeing in. The bathroom toiletries consisted of small bars of 'soap' only and the towels (only 3 in total) were very old and well used. However, my greatest disappointment was in the buffet breakfast. It was in a very large room resembling a campus canteen. It was VERY busy and tables were at a premium. Self service was the order of the day and the continental breakfast was very sparse. Two fruit juices, four cereals, toast (not freshly cooked), a brown or white roll and tinned fruit were all that you had to select from. No hams, cheeses or selection of breads. There was only tea or coffee to wash it down, no fruit or herbal teas. If you did want to partake of a cooked breakfast, it would cost you a supplement of £4.50 per person at the servery. I did pay the supplement one morning and it was very good, but feel that people would opt for that choice as the continental was so poor. A good way of generating income but unfortunate for families on a low income who may have put all their savings into the total cost of the hotel and would be unable to afford the extra for a substantial breakfast. The hotel staff were all very helpful and polite, but we even had to pay to leave our luggage in the porters room until time for our flight homeward. The hotel was adequate but not an experience we would wish to repeat.	
Aug 3 2009 	Generally a good experience except for the noise.	I came to the Royal National prepared for a tourist hotel. It proved to be adequately comfortable and reasonably clean so my stay was reasonably good. It had a great location near Russell Square tube station with plenty of eating places nearby, a handy laundrette, a couple of good supermarkets and an internet shop where we could download our camera memory cards. Breakfast was basic but better once I was able to buy some fruit at one of the nearby supermarkets to add to the fruit that the hotel supplied. The main drawback for me was that it was noisy. We stayed for 3 nights facing onto the street and had to close our window to try to keep the traffic noise out. Then a week later after a bus tour, we stayed in a room that faced onto the inner courtyard. This room was even noisier because the noise from the courtyard and especially the pub down below seemed to be amplified by bouncing around the walls of the hotel and courtyard. Shutting the window helped a little but made the room very hot. The hotel needs to deal with the noise (especially from the pub) and maybe double glaze the windows and add airconditioning for summer. That of course would put the price up and make it not so affordable. No complaints about the service though -- I thought it was great. Staff in the breakfast room were very efficient, cleaning staff good too, reception desk helpful when I needed it. Generally a good experience and I would recommend it to anyone as long as they remember that it is a tourist hotel.	
Aug 3 2009 	Worst Stay Ever!	We were there as part of a trip. The rooms were comfortable but toilets had no locks. The breakfast was awful, the toast sat from 0630 till the end of breakfast.Their was a cooked breakfast for additional charge but it wasnt much better. The hotel spoilt our whole trip. Its advisable to EAT, DRINK, SLEEP, and EMPTY YOUR BLADDER/BOWLES BEFORE YOU STAY HERE!!	
Aug 3 2009 	bit chaotic but nice enough	A group of four of us stayed here, we had come to london to see Dirty Dancing, about a 15 minute walk, friendly concierge pointed us in the right direction. Firstly, the sat nav found the hotel with no problems, which surprised us all, secondly the hotel has its own underground car park, £12 for the night seemed reasonable. we were very aprehensive when we were checking in, it all looked chaotic but still it was handled quickly, although i must admit the reception staff did look a little shabby. we had booked a 4 bedded room so we were expecting to be sat on top of each other but i would guess it was one of the biggest rooms in the hotel, the bathroom was tiny but still it was so cheap we were very impressed. the cue for breakfast in the morning was a joke so we left, so can't tell you what the food was like.	
Jul 31 2009 	Very noisy!!!	Of all the hotels I have stayed in have I never written a negative review until now!! I travelled with my husband on a 2 night break with Thomas Cook, which we have done before but previously stayed at the President Hotel around the corner which was lovely!!. We had no choice this time. They put us in the Royal National Hotel. First appearance of the outer building is dull, scruffy and tatty. Its like a giant youth hostel!! The interior of the builing is cleaner and brighter! There was no double glazing on the windows. The room over looked a court yard which was so noisy with coaches coming and going at different times of night dropping lots of tourists off!! It is also at the enterance to the underground car park. There is also a pub where people could sit outside until 2am. Even with the window closed you heard everything!! Way, way too noisy!! The bedroom had a tv, tea making facilities and ensuite bathroom. It was clean but the bed was broken and we ended up pulling the matress on to the floor so we could get some sleep!! There was no hairdryer in our room but you could hire one for £20 deposit! The towels in the bathroom were quite small and although they had been washed, there were still stains on them.The free evening meal was tasteless and wasn't very nice! The breakfast was ok but had to fight to find a seat! We walked around the room a couple of times with our tray of food before someone moved up and we were able to join their table! It was so noisy in the room. I was dissappointed with this hotel but would definately reccomend the President Hotel. I normally would say as long as the sheets were clean and I could get a shower then I would be fine in any hotel, but not this one!!!	
Jul 31 2009 	Very Basic but well located hotel close to British Museum	A most interesting hotel! We had read so many reviews on here - all so very poor that we were really worried about going. In reality those fears proved to be WRONG. We had a triple room booked via Superbreak - on the 4th floor facing outward and away from the central courtyard. We therefore had a much quieter aspect than feared albeit we had normal traffic noise as you would expect in the middle of London. It is the central courtyard area onto which a lot of the rooms face which is noisy - as it fronts both entrances, a bar, restaurant and, of course, all the taxis and revellers who come in later on.Whilst there were certainly a fair few groups of travellers we saw no real groups of school children or teenagers - infact the hotel bars and restaurants were fairly quiet. We had a cooked breakfast included and ate this at a slightly different location than most across the courtyard. The breakfast was fine for the money albeit pretty busy. If anyone is expecting 5* luxury food then they clearly chose the wrong place - but hot food, sausages, beans, toast, eggs, juices, cereals, hot drinks etc. were all on tap.The room was BASIC - but it was CLEAN - even the bathroom. Please, please do not expect anything other than blank walls and basic rooms - but perfectly adequate.The hotel needs money spending on it - but thats why its currently cheap! The small asian restaurant attached was excellent! The British Museum is a ten minute walk away - great!The only quirk was that the reception staff physically stand and do absolutely nothing until the clock hits 2.00 before you can check in - amazing but true - then its a rush to get to them first! (to be fair I think this is because they are so incredibly efficient afterwards with all the paperwork etc.)Do go - but this is BASIC in terms of rooms. We could have been lucky - who knows!	
Jul 30 2009	Enjoyable stay	I booked this trip through Thomas Cook acting as agents for Superbreak. £99 each (incl rail) for 2 nights b&amp; b for my daughter's birthday. When we arrived told we had got english breakfast and first night 3 course dinner included which we wasn't on the original booking. Reception staff OK but quite sullen. Went in Pavilion Restaurant for dinner - horrible, don't go there. Glad I wasn't paying for it. I had roast beef, quite nice, but veg not so nice. No choice of veg or potates (peas, carrots, broad beans all mixed together) and boiled potatoes. Person serving just slopped it all on plate. Daughter had fish and chips. Was triangular shaped fish from the freezer, not even fresh. If you get this same deal try one of the other restaurants you have the choice of. Breakfast was something else. All self service which is OK, but it wasn't a case of 'where shall we sit' more 'where CAN we sit.' It was absolutely heaving. We had to get our breakfast separately as if we had gone together someone would have taken our table. Staff didn't look at all interested. Queued 15 mins both days to get english breakfast. Food quite nice when you got it. Lady on till quite fierce with guests who hadn't got their breakfast pass card. Room on 6th floor at back of hotel. This was OK, quiet room away from road, but could still be quite noisy with other guests coming and going, fortunately not all hours of night as some have experienced. Hotel is in an excellent location and despite all above, I would stay here again as I know what to expect. Whether I would recommend it to a friend etc, I'm not sure.	
Jul 24 2009	noisy hotel with terrible breakfast	The location was very good. But alas! The noise was terrible. In the breakfastroom the noise was enormous, and on top of that they played music that nobody could hear - it just contributet to the sound level...and there was always difficult to find a table.Service was also poor especially at the reception-desk and the breakfast room - the staff took no interest in the customers (with exeption of the room-maids, at least they smiled and said goodmorning.) Groups of youngsters staying n the hotel were noisy and inconsiderate. Luckily we got a room in a quieter part of the hotel. Rooms were clean it seemed, but the corridors were terrible.In the breakfast room a lady shoutet every day: &quot;You'll have to pay! You'll have to pay!&quot; when we chose english breakfast... Don't worry - we'll pay! There were signs that told the price!The bar was small for such a big hotel - the bartender was nice enough though!We stayed 7 nights (pre-paid)- but will definately not come back to this hotel, and will never recommend it to anyone.It's a pity because the lokation is so good.	
Jul 23 2009 	Good value for money	Its a tourist hotel. Very well located, near Russel Square Tube stn ( almost 1 hour from Heathrow airport). 20 minutes walking distance from Leicester Square. Plenty of bus routes nearby the hotel.	
Jul 23 2009	Updated rooms on 7th floor(good rooms have flat screens): switch if possible!!	We spent a week at the Royal National (July 15th-22nd). The first room was hrrible, much like a student dorm. Filthy walls, carpet, tiny bathroom. We couldn't imagine spending more than a night there. Switched the next day from room on 5th to room on &amp;th floor. It seems that the 7301--20's are improved: Ours was newly renovated, clean modern bathroom, pot light above beds, new carpet, flat screen T.V. Yes, the room was small but better. A drawback is the T.V. is erratic and the room too small to sit and relax. The hotel is full of noisy school kids but probably as cheap as you're going to find in the area.	
Jul 21 2009 	brilliant value for money	we stayed at the royal national hotel beginning of july which we booked through thomas cook and got 2 nights for £99. we thought this was a brilliant, so when we got to the hotel and found out we had be upgraded to full english breakfast instead of continental and got a free meal the first night was an added bonus. They have a deal where if you stay 2 nights or more you get a voucher to eat in a choice of 5 resturants for free. we went to the indian called popadom express which was very nice for free.The rooms were spacious enough and clean and staff especially the woman on breakfast were very friendly! The location is fab being only a minute walk from russel sq tube station which is on picadilly line and takes you direct to most things. kings cross is also 1 stop away but only a 10 min walk. only hang up about hotel is they need double glazing windows as if your facing the main street it is fairly noisey but it doesn't upset stay. overall great trip would recomend.	
Jul 16 2009 	This is the most noisy hotel we have visited	The location is fine, close to Russell Square Underground Station.The room was little but clean - outdated as most other places at the hotel.Warning (1):It is full of school children - very noisy - mostly from Italy.Warning (2):At breakfast (self service) you have to FIGHT for a place and there is so much noise. Breakfast is African style: toast with jam; tea (add four times water and one time milk to one tea); and that is it. Warning (3):Street noise is unbelievable all night long ! Nothing bad about the staff we came along, but we do not come back to this hotel !!!!	
Jul 16 2009 	Budget class hotel	If all you are going to do is sleep and shower, and you don't want to spend much for the ability to do that, than it is an ok hotel. Nothing great, somewhat run down but clean, close to the underground, close to the British Museum, generally just in a pretty convenient location. Although there are not a ton of food options nearby there are several and the tube makes it easy to reach many more. The staff can point you to a nice little pub right down the street which we loved.The neighborhood was safe. I was there with another woman and we walked around with impunity at night and felt perfectly comfortable. Breakfast at the hotel was just ok. We ate there once and than started picking it up at the little cafe across the street.	
Jul 13 2009 	not for the light sleepers	the rooms were adequate for a short stay. not for the light sleeper as very noisy all night long.	
Jul 9 2009 	Not too bad simple	Found this hotel to be quite basic. On first impressions it's a massive hotel and the reception/lobby area is arguably attractive, the bar is reasonably prices and open quite late, we made good use of it. The rooms where basic, but very large, the wallpaper needed changing the bathroom updating. The hotel windows open to the busy street below, which in London is something I would expect. We had problems throughout the night however with children/young adults running around making noise at all hours in the morning, and then the lady from next door blaming us for it!The hotel allowed us to keep our bags there during the day after checkout for a small charge which was good, even better the fact that they forgot to charge us!The breakfast was buffet style which including cereals etc, no typical English breakfast included, but it could be bought for an extra £7.50 supplement, a bit expensive for my liking especially since it was sitting there for god knows how long!Overall this hotel wasn't too bad, I'd recommend it for people on a budget, especially university students visiting for the 4 designers talk.	
Jul 9 2009 	Giant youth hostel	This Hotel/Hostel is the pit's dirty, extremely noisy and staff who do not give a stuff.On our first full day I had to complain about the noise, teenagers shouting out of their room window's to one another across the inner quadrangle.First morning breakfast a total nightmare no tray's massive queues and seating taken.Staff went complained to just treat you like you where not there.English breakfst cold apart from warm sausage, toast still white, disgusting tea and coffee.We did not venture in again until the last day,it was truly awful. Like Butlins in the 50's as seen on T.V. we only went in because we were too tired to go elsewhereThe room was dirty and dusty, floors had not been vaccumed properly and stains on carpets.We had 68 South American teenage girls arrive on our floor the second last day of our Hol's and the noise when they arrived was horrendous.But it only got worse, they went out their first night and came back at 2.00am banging doors and shouting, running up and down corridors.They decided to party in the room right opposite ours and they continued to bang on the door, I told them to be quiet and they apologised. Ten minutes later it started again.I phoned the concierge and he sent a guy up, I pointed out the door and he knocked &quot;he told them to be quiet and left, about 15 minutes later he was back as they had started again.He told them there had been more complaints and they said sorry and he left, but he had to come back again and this was about 3.30am, the noise stopped apart from the banging of their doors.It was about 4.30am 0r 5.30am by the time we got back to sleep. So the next morning we complained and the manager came to see us and gave us a compaints form to fill in.I aske where the Chapperones for these teenagers where and he said on the other side of the Hotel, well away from the noise.I asked if we could keep our room on to catch up on our sleep and he said the hotel was fully booked.He then said it would be £46 and we could stay till 5.00pm, so fully booked ! then he changed his mind.So I asked him if this was his good will gesture for us being kept awake, He said it would stil be £46, So I have no choice as my wife was shattered.When we looked at the complaint form it asked what we thought of the room and was it clean.So we told the truth and said it was not and listed the reason's.We went back to our room after the staff had finished on our floor making bed's.This was about 1.00pm and we lay on the bed's and dosed off only to be awoken by loud banging on the door. I answered and it was the Rusian head housekeeper and she is shouting at me &quot;You compalin, You complain about dirty room, You show me stains on carpet and dirty walls.She shout's I have had head man on phone to me and he is not happy.So I bring her in the room and show her, She is not happy and is more annoyed that I have proved my point.She has with her an Indian lady, who I can only assume is the one who is supposed to clean the room. So I ask them to leave as we are trying to catch up on our sleep and she does and gives me a filthy look as she goes.We eventually doze off again and around 2.30pm or so we are awoken again by banging on the door and I answer it is an African woman and she has the Indian lady with her.She is shouting at me you have complained and I want too see room .I tell her the Russian Housekeeper has already been and has seen the room, she is still shouting at me so I tell her to go away and come back when we have gone.Just then out of the corner of My eye I notice the Russian Housekeeper she is standing watching what is going on and on seeing I have noticed her she steps back, trying to hide.How pathetic she has deliberatley brought this African woman to wake us up, there was no other reason as she had already been and saw the room.Childish and pathetic So this is how the staff at this Hotel / hostel treat people who complain.I recieved a snotty and kurt letter of the hotel Managment and it said it was a one off what had happened and I told her to look at your website to see it was not.I recieved a letter from Superbreak who we booked this trip with and that more or less said the same and took the side of the staff and they sent me a voucher for £20 if I want to book another trip.They have more chance of winning the Lottery than getting me to book another trip or staying in that Hotel/Hostel.She also said it was on the website that they cater for large school parties I told her I could not see it and have looked again and still cannotSO BEWARE THIS IS A FLEA PIT OF THE HIGHEST CALIBRE	
Jul 5 2009 	Don't do it!	Worse than shabby. Room obviously hadn't been hoovered in a while. 3 out of 4 pillowcases had stains on them and 2 of them stank. Room faced onto courtyard and was impossibly noisy all night. Be aware that this is clearly a hotel with connections to the youth touring market - Contiki etc. and so expect hoards of screeching teenagers and 20-somethings. Spend £15 more a night for a clean, comfortable hotel. It's just not worth it. Never again.	
Jul 4 2009 	Not Very Royal at All	I was not impressed by The Royal National Hotel at all. First of all, through my travel agent, I booked to stay two nights before my tour. After I had confirmed and paid, however, my flight changed and instead of arriving at 2pm on the Sunday I was to arrive at 6am. As I'd already paid for the two nights my agent let the hotel know that I would be arriving at approximately 7am on the Monday and would like to go to my room at that time [hey, I'd paid for night - I had a right to use it. When I got there, after 23 hours of flying, not to mention customs, stopovers and an hour on the tube, I arrived, pulled out my voucher book and was rudely told that to go to the contiki basement - which opens at nine.So after lugging my case and backpack down those horrible narrow stairs and waiting in the freezing cold until 9am, I was told by contiki staff that I had to check0in upstairs [no complaints about the staff - it wasn't their fault I was sent to them.So back up to the hotel counter, where once again, the staff were rude, telling me that check-in was not until 2pm.I had to explain multiple times, to a number of different people about my situation - all the while trying to be polite when I was jet-lagged, had a headache and had already waiting 2 hours after they fobbed me off the first time. Not even showing them my vouchers proving I'd paid for two nights worked. Eventually a manager of sorts let me check in. I was then sent to the concierge desk across the foyer to collect my key [card]. Again I had to argue about my check-in time, the man told me I couldn't have my key until 2pm. Eventually though, I got my key. When I asked how to get to my room, the concierge rudely waved in a direction, which I later found out was the complete opposite of where my room was. No proper direction to the lift etc. Boy those rooms are hard to find - the room numbers don't go in a sensible order.Finally, I get to my room which already has someone in it - I get that I paid for a twin room and that I might be sharing with someone at some stage - but not once did any of the check in staff inform me that there was indeed someone in the room already. The room was ok for just sleeping in, but not a place I would want to spend time in.All in all I know that this is a convenient place to stay for contiki people, but at 70 pounds/night it is absolutely not worth it. I would never stay there again, nor would I recommend it to any of my friends.I really thought the 14pound/night backpackers down the road was far better - and that was with having to go to the basement to shower.	
Jul 2 2009 	You get what you pay for	My friend and I stayed in May at the hotel. We arrived early to check in. After walking up to the front desk, we were checked in and given the keys to our room. So service was great. We were able to grab a couple of hours sleep before heading out to walk thorough London the evening we flew in.The room was clean. The hotel is obviously well occupied therefore the room is well used due to high turnover of guests. We were on the side opposite the university so the street was not noisy. Our floor was quiet. The free breakfast consisted of cereals, toast, jams, butter, and coffee; and as sufficient to get us through a morning of heavy touring. FABULOUS LOCATION especially for the price. You are within a couple blocks from the British Museum. And you can walk all the way to Parliament Square. Also, the Underground (Russell Square) is around the corner. This is a straight ride from Heathrow.	
Jun 30 2009 	I was afraid going there after reading earlier reviews but it was ok	I was reading what other guest have been writing about this hotel. But I didn´t have to be afraid. You cannot compare it with the standard of hotells in Sweden, but it was ok.Of course the hotell is time-stained. But for sleeping it´s ok. We also took a break having coffea and tea. And were lying down having a nap between all there is to do in London. The traffic was noisy and the police cars and ambulances, but I think this you here were ever you are in London. A tip, bring earplugs.What a earlier guest was writing about fire-alarm. We didn´t hear it. We were there 26-29 of june. Living in the south building. With fenster to Woburn place.The breakfast was ok. Orange and apple juice. Toast both white and with fiber, same with the bread. three kind of cereals and müsli with a lot of nuts. Marmelade. Peeled Orange and grapefruit. And of course coffea and tea. This is what you need in the morning. The English breakfast you could pay extra for is only unhealthy.Clean room, bed, toilett. Was also checking for bedbugs that another guest was writing about, but there were no in our beds.The best is that it is having walking distance to a lot of London places. Camden market, Thames, Oxford street, Soho, etc....It was also nice pubs in the near with cheap food. And a good shop in front of Russel square subway station, where we bought drinks and fruit.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great location. pity it was so noisy.	Our room was in the inner quadrangle. So very noisy.	
Jun 28 2009	Decent enough	It did the job. Rooms were very very small and the sheets were uncomfortable. The toilets did not have a lock on the door. Shower was leaking. Rusty taps. Food was okay. Breakfast was utterly repulsive. I ate form the vending machines. Three people in my tour group became ill due to the dinner food. My experience of dinner was okay but not outstanding. The prices were horrendous. Walls very very thin. It was an okay experience but i only stayed two nights. I would not have wished to stay a minute longer.	
Jun 27 2009 	Cheap hotel but you get what you pay for..	This is a cheap hotel in the heart of London. That being said, it is more like a massive hostel, with VERY noisy pubs on the first floor - don't expect to get any sleep if your room faces the interior area, we had to ask them to change our room after the second night without any sleep. Saw similar cases with other guests. Fire alarm sounded EVERY night between 2 and 4AM. Rooms were shabby and smelled like someone smoked inside, didn't feel very clean. Breakfast is in a large cafeteria, feels like you're back in high school.Finally canceled my remaining days and found a nicer place around Russel Sq.	
Jun 22 2009	Horrible rooms 	Booked the hotel on Agents recommendation. It was within our budget of 100 pounds a night. The pictures on the website looked good, but the hotel is VERY shabby. More like a large hostel rather than a hotel. Rooms were FILTHY. Unimaginable that one pays 100 pounds a night and gets a room like this.Do note, I dont mean it was dirty - that can be fixed in one cleaning - I'm talking about the look &amp; feel of the room. Real bad! Check in was horrible as well! All in all - place is probably the only option for budget travellers who want a hotel in central london, but its just disappointing because the website is misleading.	
Jun 19 2009 	Does what it says on the tin	We stayed here for 2 days while on a mini break. The hotel was only a base for us as we were out and about most of the time. Dont expect a 5* hotel as it isnt! But, its ok. There were lots of big groups and its a massive hotel. Breakfast was very basic - a bit like a school cafeteria! We only bothered on the first day. The hotel is clean, check in and out was swift and there is a cheap little bar attached with an outdoor section for smokers which was fab. Dont expect the world and you will be pleased with this hotel.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Stay.	This hotel was great for our trip, I travelled with a group of 8 Girls, 2 Teenagers (14 + 16) three in their 20's, and the rest are all in their 30's and 40's. The hotel staff were extremely helpful and didn't get frustrated when we asked for a new key card almost every night, after locking ours inside! The hotel was clean and very close to attractions. The hotel provided information on the bus tours which was a great experiance which took us on a tour of London's West End sights. Including Harrods, and Harvey Nichols which were both amazing, you should go there when you visit London. The London Eye was a good experience but some of the girls found it a bit daunting as it was so high up! We went to see Dirty Dancing while in London, and it is something I will never forget. To see the story on stage was amazing. It's a great watch.I hope you have a good holiday :-) x	
Jun 17 2009 	Great Location!!!!	We´ve been in London at the Royal National. The location is perfect, two blocks from the Russel Square tube station. There are few small markets just across the street where you could find food, water, wine and even an eletric adaptor.The room was clean, the shower was good, the only thing we missed were a minibar and a safety box. The matress was fine, not the best, but ok after a day of hard walking.The breakfast is good but with few options.There is an Travelex in the lobby where you can change money and rent a deposit box.Free Internet access just in the lobby.After all...we liked it a lot and we recommend!!!!!	
Jun 16 2009	Good base for London long weekend	My brother's spring break coincided with a flight/hotel sale British Airways was having, so I decided to bring him and my mom to check out London. We chose the Royal National mainly based on the price (air/hotel was less than $500pp, so we couldn't be picky), although the location was also very favorable, just around the corner (7 minute walk) from the Russell Square tube station. There is also a paid parking garage next to the hotel.The hotel is enormous, with many many tour groups (including many European adolescents on holiday). Check in took a while. We were given a very basic triple-three twin beds. There was also a desk and closet. There was also an electric kettle, good for tea and midnight snacks of ramen. When we first entered the room, it was very stuffy and hot. We called down to the front desk and they sent someone to show us how to adjust the heat (basically just turn off the radiatior) and open the window. The bathroom was very plain (all white) but most importantly very clean. Continental breakfast, served in a PACKED dining hall, was free (limp toast, jam, butter, fruit, cold cereals, milk, coffee, and tea). They also had English breakfast (cafeteria style) available for an extra fee (4 pounds I think). We had the continental breakfast our first morning there, but then opted to go to a pub to get fresh, made to order English breakfast. Overall, Royal National suited our needs. It was no frills, but provided all the services the average tourist would want: bed, clean bathroom, light breakfast. I think possibly from a business model, it is run in the most efficient way that caters to such a large number of people. As a result, this hotel was very noisy all the time, so if you are a light sleeper, this may not be the place for you. I would recommend this hotel for people who are on a budget and won't spend any time in their room except to sleep.	
Jun 16 2009 	I like it! =)	HiI liked this hotel. Of course it isn't a 5 star hotel, but when you go to London you want a place to sleep and eat breakfast, not a place to relax.The breakfast wasn't bad, it had toast, juice, milk and a lot of other things...About the location it was perfect, you walk 5 minutes and you are near the metro and bus stop...I think it was fine...	
Jun 13 2009 	Clean Good Value and Good Location	I always think you only write reviews if you have not had a good experience in a particular hotel so often the bad outways the good. We arrived early at the hotel but had no problem checking in. I was nervous after reading some of the reviews but shouldn't of worried. We stayed in a triple room which was clean not huge but who spends a holiday in a room? The breakfast was lovely and with our deal we had a free meal on the first night. We chose the Popadom and was plesantly surprised. The staff we spoke to were helpful and the wiater on the morning even though was busy always had a smile. There was nothing to complain about and we had a great time. Great location and the bus stops right outside luckily as the tube stations were shut because of a strike.	
Jun 11 2009	Good value for money	The welcome was with a bang, with a mideastern man in the reception waiting area stealing our hanbag lying near my moms feet. We got quite a shoch, and went running to the police station which was quite close by fortunately. After locating our bag which had been abandoned due to not being much use, we had a hearty meal at a pasta joint near the police station, and headed back to check in. The hotel itself was comfortable, though minimalistic. The room for 3 was quite large, and cosy, and the bathroom clean. It is well located near 2 tubes, and I do remember walking down to Oxford street a couple of times. Also good that most tourist buses and big bus stop right outside the hotel.Great value for money.	
Jun 10 2009 	Cheap and convenient	I stayed at the Royal National Hotel in London for the month of June in 2007 for a business trip. It was my first trip overseas ever and I was so excited at the prospect of working and being able to explore London during the summer.The Royal National Hotel was the cheapest 3-star hotel that we could find that was central to where I needed to be. Its a hotel that caters to tour groups and backpackers mainly, not in any way a business hotel. My room was clean, small and had the bare necessities, which is what I was greatful for. The service, however, was not always the best, in terms of messages that were delayed in getting to me. The great thing about this hotel though is that it is central to most places, thus convenient. Like the British Museum is just round the corner from it, the Russell Square Tube station is across the road and there are lots of eatery places around. If you're in the mood to walk then madame tussards, the british Library and even the shopping districts of oxford street and regents streets are all about a 15-20 min walk away. Also a lot of tours pick up directly from this hotel, and there is a box where you can purchase tour and theatre tickets. Do not go to this hotel expecting luxury and opulence. It is meant for people who are just using it as a place to sleep, and not for much else.	
Jun 8 2009	Good for the average tourist	I was truly terrified to stay at this hotel after reading the reviews, I even went so far as to try and change my booking, but due to fees for changing a reservation with itravel2000, I ended up not doing so. Luckily, It turned out okay and we were happy in the end that we had saved some money by staying there.I stayed at this hotel with my mom for a week while we did sightseeing around the UK. If you are like us and plan to spend minimal amounts of time in your hotel room then you will be fine at this hotel. We generally started our day at around 8am and got back around 9 or 10pm. Food: We did not eat the breakfast that is offered for free, but instead bought a coffee and croissant from London Coffee, the cafe onsight - it cost us next to nothing and is much less crowded. For dinner, you can eat at the Pub onsight which has good fish n' chips, or take a 1 min walk to the Brunswick centre where there are plenty of shops and restaurants - I recommend the chocolate store!Rooms: are smaller than the North American standard, but you're not in North America and probably did not pay as much as many people do to stay in London. The beds are fine, and you'll probably pass out from walking around so much anyway. The bathroom was kept clean daily and the shower was great with a lot of pressure. Location: was great! All sightseeing tour buses stop here (although, I'd recommend just getting a tube map and making your own way around, this was much more enjoyable than standing around London waiting for tour buses all day - and its cheaper!). The British Museum, British Library, King's Cross and Covent Garden are all a short walk away. Its also about a 3 min walk to a tube station. Anyhow, I think you will find this hotel of good value, assuming you are not expecting to have any kind of luxury as it is very basic, but meets the needs of a sightseeing tourist.	
Jun 5 2009 	Great location at a high cost	I can agree about the location, it is trully central and you have around many places to eat or buy essentials. The service on the other hand is terrible, rudeness everywhere, at the reception, at the concierge, at the bar (in the south building) the only exception seemed to be the ladies of housekeeping.After spending more than 8hours flying over the Atlantic from Miami we arrived early at 10am eventhough we had communicated early arriving there were no rooms available until past 2pm, we had to wait at the lobby 4 more hours, there was only one very young man who appeared kind, the rest just did not know what courtesy mean. The hallways are really noisy as there are groups leaving every morning, we thought it was too much for the money, honestly we expected nothing fancy but at least decent.	
Jun 5 2009 	Average hotel for good price	Our agency booked this hotel for very reasonable price and therefore we had the chance to stay in London whole week. As London is great town, we ended up being in the hotel only for sleep and breakfast so here is what I can say about it:- Enormous number of rooms- All UK highschools staying there but we didn't hear them during the night or so, therefore it was ok- Room - nice, clean, ok beds, bathroom fine just the shower is not removable, it is &quot;sticked&quot; to the wall- Walls - too thick and therefore we heard our neighbour snoring :-)- Breakfast - we had continental and it is self service- ok, not so much to choose but ok. But, the plates that you put everything on when you are taking the food are horrible, old and really, but really not nice.- stuff - very politeThe location of the hotel is very good, it is really quiet and on the other hand, 15 minutes by foot to Oxford street. Metro is very near, bus lines are around the hotel...altogether very good for that price.	
Jun 4 2009	Horrible.	Good price? okay location? yeah but everything else was horrible. Beds weren't clean and i'm sure they had bed bug, the rooms were about the size of a janitors cupboard. The lights kept flickering and the bathroom was even smaller than a janitors cupboard where the shower didn't even work. I could actually talk to the person in the next room with ease as the walls were so thin i actually think i could have talked to the people in the room across from me if i wanted to. The breakfast was so horrible i had to buy my breakfast out of the vending machine downstairs.	
Jun 3 2009 	Horrible	Centrally located - but that is also the only positive thing about this hotel. Breakfast; I felt as if they were &quot;serving&quot; pigs. Not one single smile from the staff, and terrible food. Security: difficult to find emergency exits, no information in the room about this, so I felt very nervous about this. Fire doors were closed at night, but there was an opening between them (about 2 cm) so they would not keep any fire out, on the oposite probably. The same was with the door to the room - light came in all night - and probably lots of smoke in case of a fire. The noice from the mainstreet outside made it impossible to sleep. My oldest daughter itched every morning after laying in her bed. Could it have been som kind og fleas ?Next time in London I will spend some more money in the hotel - and get good nights sleep in safe and cosy enviroments. This was awful.	
May 30 2009 	Too big to be of service!	The Royal National is a massive hotel. And hence its main problem - unsympatethic, unpersonalised service from staff who seem too busy to care.Apart from a very frustrating two hours spent at check-in where my reservation could not be found (despite my having vouchers for the hotel stay), with the reception staff not even willing to allow me to put my luggage in the luggage room till the problem was sorted with the travel agency, the room was adequate, with an average-sized bathroom.However, beds on castor wheels are not very confidence-inspiring to say the least! Definitely not for honeymooners!We paid for an upgrade to English breakfast. Beware - it is good, and it is buffet-style, but you are not allowed to go for a second helping!For the same money, I would stay at the Tavistock, run by the same company in the same area, but with much friendlier staff with a much better attitude!	
May 29 2009	School Trip	The rooms are unbelievably horrific. The mattress is the most painful ever and the rooms in general are tiny, cluttered, smell, and generally nasty. It's VERY loud. If you want any amount of consistent quiet to sleep stay at a different hotel. The maids were friendly and prompt but the other service was terrible. They act like it's a burden to assist you with something as small as making change. This may be cheap but you're better off either staying in a genuine hostel or paying a bit more for any of the DOZENS of hotels in the immediate area.	
May 28 2009 	Busy Noisy Awful Breakfast only positive is the location and price!!	Stayed here 2 nights, just returned home for rest. Travelled with my Mother and 2 sons and shared a family room. All beds were past their sell-by-date, bumpy and uncomfortable. Woke up this morning with a bite on my back. Did not look under the mattress incase I saw a bed bug!!! We were on the 2nd floor and the noise of the traffic outside was unbearable and once you had blanked that out of your mind the noise above and in the corridor outside was highlighted. There were several large groups staying in the hotel, as there were constant coaches outside the reception. Breakfast was another experience...... queue for cooked breakfast, no vegetarian option; only orange juice on offer, toast which was like sponge, choice of four cereals, orange or grapefruit segments. Tea was grey and tasteless, so was the coffee. Once you had queued for your breakfast there was no guarantee of a seat, especially with four of us, which was difficult as I had a 10yr and 12 yr old!This is an honest account and I have tried to include useful info. It is worth thinking of paying more for better accommodation. I am looking forward to my own bed tonight and waking up tomorrow with no bug bites!!!	
May 26 2009 	dont be a snob	after the terrible reviews i was dreading this hotel. yes it needs updating yes its a little tired and ugly from the outside but there is nothing wrong wrih this hotel.breakfast is very busy but again nothing wrong with it.the location is superb.1 tube stop from kings cross and 2 to 3 stops from leicester square covent garden etc etc. the pub attached to the hotel has very reasonable prices and for the price we paid £99 for 2 nights including our train fare its good value.most of these poeple that are moaning must be snobs,lets face it how much time do you spend in a hotel room.very claean sheets and towels thats all you need	
May 24 2009 	Good valuegood locationgood transport links.	Ignore worst reviews... just not fair. Staff pleasant &amp; helpful. Rooms dated but clean.Pros: Good value for money, especially if on a 'deal'. Good location, handy for mainline stations, Euston, St Pancras &amp; Kings X all  within easy case-towing distance. Well placed for frequent bus and tube to centre. Cons: Noise!! Hotel built 7floors high round a 100x100ft courtyard. This area includes a sitouterie for the 'London Pub' which remains noisy til late, &amp; being a busy city,  the traffic and sirens continue 24/7! This is exacerbated by the need to leave the window open as rooms are warm, even in May, &amp; have no air-conditioning. Breakfast...can be a wee bit chaotic! 9 am a bad time to arrive, we had to queue with about 60 others on 2nd day before gaining entry, as the 'English Breakfast'  queue within was backing up! Seating is reminiscent of holiday camp or school  meals from my youth!! If you have a voucher for the full E.B. then best to find a seat and get serial &amp; juice first, then go for the cooked (and quite good) bacon, sausage, egg, tomatoes and toast etc.. On the first day we did try the tea, but can't  recommend it... we stuck to the fruit juice after that!	
May 19 2009 	Some people are never SATISFIED !	I cannot believe the latest reviews about this hotel, what do some people expect for the money they pay.i have stayed at this hotel twice in the last 4 months and both times have had no problems at all. the rooms are slightly dated but clean and tidy, andhouskeeping visit every day. Unlike our previous american visitor i found no smell of stale beer ans how they can say the staff were untidely dressed is beyond my comprehension,all desk,bar and restaurant staff were immaculate in clean white shirts and waiscoats and ties. I agree that the foyer could be a bit busy at times but its a big hotel,and we cant all check in at the same time can we! The breakfast dining could be a bit busy at times but not that much of problem and to me the food was fine. I would not hesitate to return to this hotel its very central, and a good base. it would seem as usual people expect to pay a budget price but stay at The Ritz. As in all ways of life you get what you pay for.	
May 18 2009 	Adequate at best	I stayed here for a night since British Airways had a promotion for a free night at a hotel. I certainly would not pay to stay in this hotel. It's no frills and adequate. While it's centrally located and clean, the decor is grim and there are no amenities like toiletries and a hair dryer. Breakfast was free and like the rest of the hotel, just adequate.	
May 18 2009 	Noisy filled with school groups	Incredible that this hotel sports four stars! The staff at the front desk is friendly enough. Rooms are clean but small and the decoration is very dated. Bathrooms are clean and nice.However the worst part of this hotel is the noise in the hallways. There are many, many schoolgroups in this huge hotel and you will notice them! People come in until four at night; the walls are so thin you hear every word spoken in the hallways and doors are slamming until deep in the night.We did not have a single good night of sleep in this hotel and moved to another hotel after three days. Would not recommend!	
May 13 2009	A less than desirable experience	London was the first of a three city tour. I was extremely disappointed when I saw the hotel for the first time. I was told by my fellow travelers to avoid the breakfast, but I did partake in the dinner. It was horrible. The room was small, but adequate for the price. On the third day in the city, small, itchy bumps began to appear. After returning to the States, I was informed I had been bitten by Bed Bugs. I had over 50 bites, with more than ten on my thumb. I advise that if you stay in this hotel, you check the beds for these insects before moving your luggage in. Stay at your own risk!	
May 12 2009 	Worst Hotel I've ever been to.	It might have been the stench of stale beer as you walked in, or the large, poorly dressed staff, or it may have been the cavernous layout of this massive hotel with 300 rooms per floor that might have soured my mood. But as I walked into the two bedroom that looked nothing like the adverts, I noticed the stiff as board beds, the heater which refused to shut off, and the stains in the bathroom. Despite the 2 nights free, I prepaid 2 extra nights at $140 per night. Even averaging out the cost over 4 nights, I could not bring myself to stay even a single night. Luckily the Hotel Russell was only a block away.	
May 12 2009 	Fantastic Base - Central London	If you want a weekend away with your other half or to relax and pamper...you will unfortunately have to pay £150 - £200 a night. This is London and I mention this to all the dis-illusioned travellers below. If you want cheap - come North!Firstly, we were staying here (6 of us 4 in our 20's and 2 in their 50's) for 2 nights for a central London family weekend visit. We needed a cheap base and got this hotel for £103 each INCLUDING return train from Newcastle and a free meal on first night.Secondly - Fantastic - Covent Garden - 5 mins on foot, Oxford Street - 5 mins on foot What more can you ask for? Yes it's a bit dated but so is the price you are paying!! If the hotel brought 1600 rooms into 2009 it would cost millions therefore tariffs would go up and all the complainers on this website wouldn't be able to afford this accomodation. You get what you pay for and in London - a clean adequate room for almost free is beyond expectations.Thirdly - book this place! But go through Superbreak / Thomson on a rail deal! Enjoy London - not the hotel !!!	
May 12 2009	Not nearly as bad as I expected	I read reviews of the Royal National before our trip and didn't have high expectations for the hotel. I'm not going to go as far as to say it's a good hotel but it wasn't nearly as bad as I expected.I was travelling with a group of colleagues - 14 altogether - and we arrived at the Royal National on Sunday afternoon at the same time as a big group of Spanish high school (?) kids. Remembering the reviews and the complaints about noise and kids running around, my initial thought was 'Oh no!'. After the first night, though, I wasn't worried about noise anymore. Me and my roommate got a room from the inner courtyard side and it proved to be the &quot;better&quot; side of the hotel. Almost everybody else from our group got a room from the street side and they told that the street noise was really bad with cars speeding and sirens howling all night long. Our room on the other hand was really quiet and peaceful for the whole three nights wer stayed at the hotel.The room itself was a typical low budget hotel room. Nothing special but it was clean and the beds were okay. One lamp didn't light up and there was no warm water on the sink tap when we arrived but when we told about the problems to the cleaning lady, they were quickly sorted out.The &quot;continental&quot; breakfast at the hotel was - well, really bad. We mostly ate toast with butter or jam since there wasn't much else to eat. The tea was so strong and bitter that I had to mix it with half a cup of hot water and four sticks of sugar just to be able to drink it...The location of the hotel was excellent. British Museum was just around the corner and for example Covent Garden and Oxford Street within walking distance. There was a bus stop right in front of the hotel and the underground station was only a couple hundred meters away.I probably wouldn't choose this hotel if I travelled to London for a longer stay but for a short trip it was good enough.	
May 11 2009 	You get what you pay for	Just returned from a weekend in London with 2 friends - all ladies in our 50s. Having read the reviews on the Royal National, we were a bit concerned but found our triple room clean and quite spacious, good value for what we paid, staff helpful and friendly. We rang and requested extra towels, rubber bath mat and more tea/coffee packs and they were delivered to us within 2 minutes - absolutely amazed! Yes, it is a bit &quot;school canteen-ish&quot; in places and it was noisy with traffic and sirens, but most of London is anyway. We all had a lovely weekend and now we know what to exepct, we all said we would stay there again. We would recommend to friends - with the proviso that it is fairly basic but good value - the Ritz it ain't!!	
May 4 2009 	Think carefully before you book ....	I went with a group of 9 ladies (aged 50+) on our annual weekend trip away. Cost of hotel for 2 night (B&amp;B plus meal on first night) and rail travel from Newcastle an amazing £101 .... It's a massive hotel which caters for school trips so the reception area was just like Kings Cross station day and night!! Three of us in a big room, cold, noisy because of the sirens and nearby hospital but bathroom facilities fine and bedding clean but it was in need of urgent refurbishment. Went to breakfast once - like a busy school self service canteen and the tea was yuk!! so didn't bother again. Location good but wouldn't recommend anyone to book this hotel unless all your want is a roof over your head during your stay in the city.	
May 3 2009 	If you want a youth hostel experience this is it	Worst hotel experience of my life. Definitely agree with the youth hostel grading by another reviewer. Big, noisy, soul-less hotel with rooms that haven't been upgraded for 40 years. There are better ways of doing London on a budget.	
Apr 30 2009 	Barebones but ok for the price	With a British Airways free nights promotion and favorable exchange rate, the cost was only $80 per night. For that price, the hotel was fully acceptable.The hotel must be the biggest in London and the number of arrivals and departures per day is in the hundreds. Many of these appeared to be school groups. Maybe because of our age (60's), my wife and I were put in the 'quiet' section of the hotel and indeed except for one night it was very quiet. You get no frills here - three towels, none of little bottles of bathroom stuff, minimal decoration and so forth. However the room was clean and the plumbing functional. For the volume of business, I would say the hotel is well run. However next time I believe we will try to go a little higher on the scale but stay in the area which is very convenient to everything either on foot, in the tube, or on buses. The Picadilly line is two short blocks from the front door and runs directly to Heathrow for about $7. Furthermore the Russell Square station has only 20 stairs from the train platform to the elevator so luggage handling from the airport to the hotel is no problem.	
Apr 28 2009 	close clean and budget priced	Close it is 10 minutes walk to the center and British museum next door.Clean and our twin was newly refurbished, but still in 60ties style.Priceing is £92.Backlash Breakfast crowded and shool like. Neigborhood local traffic quite silent. A hotel you choice just for sleeping and (breakfast eating)	
Apr 27 2009 	A very enjoyable stay at the Royal national	I Have just bean reading some of the bad revues this hotel has bean getting we have just spent two nights there and we couldn fault it the room was very clean the towels changed daily we found the English breakfast fine its a massive Hotel and i think the staff do a good job considering the amount of people from all over the world that pass through its doors each day there were lots of youngsters there but we heard no noise at night we will stay there again.	
Apr 27 2009 	A decent budget hotel	We stopped at the Royal National for 1 night. there were 4 of us we had gone to London for a girly weekend. we booked the hotel because it was cheap (£92 for the twin room). From the outside the hotel looks quite bland and i was a bit disappointed when i saw it. the windows didn't look clean and i thought the curtains looked a bit dirty but this was my first impression from the outside of the building.We arrived at the hotel in the morning so we couldn't get into our rooms but we left our cases with concierge and went into London. I thought the location of the hotel was very good. it was about a 5 minute walk to Russell Square tube station and this goes straight through to Covent Garden (2 Stops away).When we got back to the hotel we were allocated our rooms, i asked for 2 rooms together both non-smoking and that is what we were given. After my initial thoughts about the hotel we were all quite pleasantly surprised when we got to our rooms. they smelt of new carpet as though they had been re-furbished recently. We had 3 single beds (one of them was very narrow), flat screen TV, tea and coffee, hairdryer. The rooms were clean and there were plenty of towels in the bathroom as well. There was plenty of hot water both in the evening and morning.The hotel is very big and it's quite easy to get disorientated. We went up in one lift just behind the reception desk and came down in a different lift which we found round the corner of our room and we ended up in a different wing of the hotel!!There was a full english breakfast served the following morning from 7-10 which was decent enough. It felt a bit like a canteen in there as there were a lot of long tables seating about 10 people but i suppose this is for the coach tours / scool kids that are staying there. There were smaller tables so this wasn't a problem.My only gripe is that we had to pay (50 pence per case) to leave our case with concierge on the day we were leaving surly that isn't on as we didn't have to pay the day we arrived. I know it doesn't sound alot but there are 1600 rooms in this hotel and if 1 person from every room leaves a case thats en extra £800 a day!!I would definatley stay in this hotel if i wanted a cheap budget room. The room was a bonus judging by the other reviews i think we may have been given a re-furbished room.	
Apr 27 2009 	Noisy!!!	We were placed in room which was in between hundreds of spanish teenagers who were not being supervised appropriately and therefore it was so ridiculously noisy we got no sleep for two nights and made several complaints. The staff only became helpful when us sleep deprived travellers were reduced to tears and they moved us to another hotel.The room was small, but good. The hotel is right near russell square, eateries and the tube. Probably would have been nice to stay if not for our neighbours. Would only recommend outside school holidays.	
Apr 22 2009 	This is a youth Hostel - AVOID	I actually had the advantage of knowing what I was getting into get before staying in this hotel, but even still I have to say that I was little shocked at how bad it was. The majority of guests at this hotel are school kids and students on coach holidays from Europe. Nothing against these kids - when i was their age I was an idiot also - but EVERY night involved kids running up and down hallways shouting and banging doors, hanging out of windows shouting at each other until around midnight, throwing stuff out of windows....all the stuff you would expect kids to do.The rooms themselves are very basic, small beds, frayed bed-linen, scratchy towels. The walls of rooms are without any sound-proofing (honestly someone next door to you coughs and you will know about it). One good point - I had plenty of hot water in the morning for the shower, and they are clean enough I guess. The staff don't give a damn and will make sure that you know this - avoid all contact with them.The worst part of this hotel is that it is part of a chain - Imperial Hotels I think - all of the sister hotels are within a couple of blocks of the Royal National. All of these sister hotels are just as basic, but don't seem to suffer from being full of students/kids so if you REALLY REALLY want to find out how bad a hotel that costs this much in London can be then for heavens sake book into The President - same low rate, same location but I stayed there a couple of times and it was nowhere near as bad. I also stayed at The Tavistock once and it it was OK.So honestly do not stay at this hotel, if you want something this cheap in what is admittedly a good location then go with one of the other Imperial Hotels - they are just as bad but you have a small chance of being able to sleep. If you are thinking &quot;ah heck it can't be that bad, there are some good reviews here,&quot; then god help youOne final point - you get a free continental breakfast at this hotel which I never even thought about trying. If you want to try and find out what the free breakfast at a Hotel that is this cheap is like then I'm sorry but you are beyond all redemption. Everyone else should head to Sid's on Lambs Conduit Street - they do a great English breakfast.And may this economic downturn end soon, so that I can stop trying to save the company money but staying in such horrible places!	
Apr 22 2009	Disgusting room a bun for breakfast 70's style furnishings	I was on a trip with about 40 people, i was told this hotel was a '3 star' hotel but personally i dont even rate it! When i arrived i didnt think my stay would be as horrifing as it was. I rarelly touched handles etc.. as i didnt trust the cleaning staff at the hotel. My room was just awful, i do understand it was a very cheap stay but i thought i had paid enough for a clean room. However we arrived to find hollow, smelly corridors that eventually led to my stay. The bathroom was actually okay apart from the painful shower of which water flew out of. The wardroom was a cove in the wall with a bar going from end to end. I didnt put any of my clothes on the shelf as it was thick with years of dust. I had a bed and my friend also had a bed however, the third partys bed was a very painful camp bed. Everything, literally, everything was unclean, even the telephone was greasy. The whole room reminded my of the 70's, infact i believe some furniture was from the 70's! The floor i would say hadnt been vacumed since the hotel was built! And my bedsheets smelt of cheese, and were pretty moist. I slept with my full body covered after the first night because i woke up to find red spots from bites. We woke up and went down to a crowdy queue of hungry travellors at breakfast, apparently there idea of bed and breakfast was a small bun with a glass of orange, full english was an extra £5 which was would have satisfied a dog rather than me. Overall, this was the worst accomdation i have ever stayed in. However, the prices are cheap and if you are fine with staying a very unhygienic place then this is the hotel for you.	
Apr 20 2009 	worst hotel experience of my life	Simply: don't go there. The rooms are maybe not that bad, but they're clearly overpriced. The real problem is the staff, which is extremely unprofessional, rude, arrogant towards non-British customers. On the morning of my second day there I was looking for help from the staff due to some malfunctionings in my room. I was first ignored, then mocked and eventually insulted by the staff (a man from the concierge come to the point of calling me &quot;stupid&quot; in front of other people) just because I was trying to make them do their work. What astonished me most was that I was being mistreated simply because they could tell from my accent that I was a foreigner, and therefore a B-rate customer (I was under the impression that the staff was making fun of my non-British accent while I was talking). I had never had such an embarassing and and unpleasant experience in my whole life.	
Apr 17 2009 	Simply put it's a budget hotel	Booked with BA Holidays who had the hotel tagged as one of the &quot;recommended hotels'. So we figured it can't be too bad. Early check-in was requested, this should not even be a option as it looked like it never happens. So we sat in the lobby and tried to rest for about 5 hours as we were extremely tired from out flight. The room was small but clean. It had two twin beds that were on wheels which wasn't the greatest idea as they constantly moved. There was no wash clothes in the bathroom, which after reading that this is pretty common in European hotels, I still forgot to pack my own, so we purchased some at M&amp;S. After messing with the TV for a few minutes we figured out that until you changed the channel the TV looks like it's off. We had to call housekeeping to find out how to operate the heater, she then arrived a few minutes later with a screwdriver to turn it on, there are two settings, on and off, the heat can not be adjusted. After reading the description of the hotel location (oxford street, covent garden is right on the doorstep), we decided to walk. We got directions from the bell desk which sounded simple but we quickly learned that it was a long and confusing walk. That was the first and last time that we walked. There are always taxi's outside of the hotel. The food in the hotel at the Pavillion Restaurant was awful. It's called a buffet style restaurant but it is not all you can eat. I had the roast chicken and potatoes, the potatoes were hard, probably from just sitting in the buffet area, as the restaurant was not busy and the chicken had absolutely no taste. That was first and last time we ate there. There wasn't really much in the area, as far as restaurants. There are a few places but if you have someone picky with you, as I did, it will be difficult to eat at or around the hotel. Phone calls from the room were at a pretty good rate, not expensive at all. We purchased tour bus tickets right at the hotel and the bus picks up right outside of the hotel, this was a plus but you do have to find your own way back to the hotel as the bus does not bring you back. The day of check-out we decided to do some last minute shopping before our flight and used the baggage hold service at the hotel. They charged 50pence per bag, which I didn't mind but it was the first time a hotel charged me for holding luggage. All in all, If i was travelling to London on a tight budget I would stay here again, otherwise I would definitely find somewhere else.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great location clean room	We just stayed there from Apriil 11 to 16, 2009, very convenient locaton. Take Piccadilly line from Heathrow airport no change of trains, get off at Russell Square, hotel is right around the corner about 5 minute walk. Its a huge hotel, the good thing is all the tours comes here for pick up, we took 2 Evan's &amp; Evan's tour, they pick up at 8am about 20 people from this hotel, so you cannot miss it. There is a convenient store Tesco right across street from train station, you can buy water/croissant/sandwiches/fresh fruits etc very very cheap, I eat 3 oranges a day for only 75 pence, even cheaper than the U.S. You can get a Tesco card too to save even more, I didnt find out till we were leaving. Hotel is clean, has a 3 deep drawer dress which i like a lot, we could put all underwear, clothes in and not scattered around, has a closet to hang up coats, shelf for luggage, bath tub is good to soak in after 8 hours of walk everyday. continental breakfast is basic, coffee/tea/ orange juice and toast/cereal, no yogert or croissant, but has fresh orange/grape fruit . price is very reasonable for london standard, we paid $144 a night. walk to british museum, a must see.	
Apr 16 2009 	Well placed hotel - good access to places of interest (just a short 20m walk)	I have just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel with my husband and 10yr old daughter. It was a good base, clean with nice staff. Good facilities to leave your baggage if you arrive too early for check in or have to check out early. The British Museum is near by, Covent Gardens a 20m walk, tube station &amp; bus stops easily accessible. The cooked breakfast was very good, plenty to eat but very busy so could be difficult to get a seat. My husband and daughter slept well but I struggled as it was noisy (no double glazing) and problems with the pillows. Would have no problem recommending this hotel though but just be aware of the noise. It was a good base for sight seeing.	
Apr 14 2009	Got out A.S.A.P.	Arrived 12.30pm.Sheer bedlam in reception due to large influx of what appeared to be students from various parts of the globe.Noise continued and could be heard throughout hotel. Decor throughout hotel is dated and needs refurbishment,dirty in places.In the room carpets were threadbare,bed cover had been torn and visibly repaired,plaster was peeling from wall in places and overall, the room was not particularly clean. Asked about hairdryer and on payment of £20 deposit was given a dryer held together with insulating tape. That was enough!! We checked out without even staying for one night. Paid £180 and moved to better standard of hotel and enjoyed the weekend.	
Apr 13 2009 	the worst hotel I have seen in all my life	I have travelled to a least 12 countries, from China to the USA. This is the worst hotel I have been yet. For me, my wife and child, it was a nightmare. The night before the trip, my six year old daugther suffered an asthma crisis. But she was better in the morning, so we decided to go to London anyway, with all the medical drugs she needs. After all, London is a european capital, with medical services available. If we didn't go, we'd lose all the money we had invested in the seven day trip. And so we went. She was ok, but the three of us were very tired, because we almost hadn't slept the night before, because of her asthma crisis. We arrived at the hotel - big, noisy and horrible - and went to our room, just to find out it had all the ingredients for another asthma crisis. There was a huge stain in the ceiling, resulting from water infiltration from the floor above, humidity on the walls and the paint was falling off. The room heater was completely full of dust. The small bed they had reserved for my daughter looked something out of the times of industrial revolution, more fit to acommodate child workers after a 16 hour day shift at the factories. I tried to change rooms, using diplomacy at first, then protesting veemently. They didn't give a damn. I noticed everybody, from the bar to the reception, seemed to abhorr guests, and didn't care the least bit for them. They alleged they had no more rooms. A housekeeper went to our room, to &quot;clean up&quot;... But there was nothing to clean up, a complete maintenance was needed, not just removing some dust... The poor woman looked at that room in disbelief, exclaimed: &quot;Stupid reception! How can they insist in giving and asthmatic child this room&quot;, and proceeded to show us a diferent wing of the hotel, with better rooms. She said: &quot;they have rooms available, yes, ask for a room in the seventh or sixth floor, insist you want another room&quot;. We went downstairs again... They kept refusing, and this time I lost my temper a bit, telling them to fix this, wathever the cost. I even said I would be willing to pay more for a better room. They kept on refusing. I called my travel agent, they called them, and they put us for one night only at the Tavistock Hotel, nothing special, but much better, with clean rooms and friendly personnel. On the next day, my agent called me, saying they would give me a better room at the Royal National. Like stupid, we went there again, but they wanted to send us again to the same room... Unbelievable. So I went to the Holiday Inn Bloomsbury, payed another 400 euros and stayed very confortably installed during the rest of my stay in London. The Holiday Inn Bloomsbury, just around the corner from the Royal National, is a small and good hotel, rooms very clean, and all the personnel very professional, kind and helpful. Breakfast is great. This is a good hotel to stay in the area. The Royal National? A nightmare, a fraud, a case for the police.	
Apr 12 2009 	3000 Room Youth Hostel. Horrible!	Please, please do not book into this hotel. Too big. Filthy. Overpriced. NOT adequate. Rude staff.	
Apr 7 2009 	Horrible Hotel	The horror of this hotel started at check in when I waited for 10 minutes whilst the reception staff had a chat (although luckily got in just before the 2 coach-loads of kids arrived). Then it continued into the lift - always a bad sign when there is green carpet on the walls of a lift. The room was ok and clean, although the twin beds were very narrow.I stayed here two nights as part of a theatre deal. The first night was absolutely freezing (it was January so you would expect that they would have the heating on at some point in the day or night but no). The next day we asked how to turn the heating on and a very friendly lady turned up with a screwdriver to turn on the radiator. Then it was boiling and we couldn't turn the heating off (not sure which was worse but going to go with cold).The hotel was really noisy (although some of this was the party of friends I was with so shouldn't complain!) during the night and my friend's room had one broken bed - and quite obviously broken with it hanging at an angle to one side. The breakfast was ok but I've had better in greasy spoons for £2. Generally, there is no way I would book into this hotel if I had a choice. There are so so many better hotels in London on a budget than this one.	
Apr 5 2009 	Do Not Book Here	This hotel is not only very dated in it.s decor it is not even clean, the breakefast although plentful, IT WAS BAD. If you want any sleep during your visit this is not the place for you, when we were there the whole place was occupied by teenagers from every corner of the globe , in fact we thought we had booked into the biggest youth hostle in the ukSO PLEASE,PLEASE PLEASE DO NOT BOOK HERE, There much better places for the same money around Russel square Makk+Helen from The Isle of Wight	
Mar 27 2009 	Basic Accommodation Excellent Location	As part of a British Air deal, I booked a double here based on its proximity to Russell Square (Piccadilly Line - straight shot to and from Heathrow, 3 day Tube and Bus pass-£21). If you are looking for ambience, this is not the place, but if you are looking for a place to sleep and catch a shower while exploring London, this is a good option at a cheap price (even cheaper for me since BA paid for the room.) The room was small, the washrooms clean, the shower hot and with force -- basic but certainly more adequate than some of the reviews here suggest. The staff was helpful and courteous, even when servicing large groups. Breakfast was basic, but I wasn't there for the breakfast. All in all, I was pleased with the experience. Was it a posh stay? No, but it doesn't advertise itself that way. I'd stay there again.	
Mar 23 2009 	BA You should be ashamed	We got the room as part of a deal with British Airways. I should have skipped the deal. While the rooms were large, they were dirty with bad mattresses. The bathroom was dirty and had mold growing in the corners.Our room was street side-very noisy. Kids partying in hall much of the night. Breakfast was lousy, dry rolls and cereal. Absolutely no service in this hotel, only crabby counter workers. Never would I step foot in this hotel again. I feel betrayed by British Airways.	
Mar 21 2009 	Good location Very noisy	We booked this hotel through British Airways as part of the package. It was a good deal. I read reviews on tripadvisor.com after staying there, and I have to say what I read on line is quite accurate. Good location: The hotel is within five minutes walking distance from the Russell Square tube station. British Museum is about ten minutes away. There are many restaurants, sandwich stores and little grocery stores nearby. We got drinking water from the Tesco store across street from the tube station, 0.36p per 2 liter bottle. There are many kinds of sandwiches for sale as well, with prices as low as £1 (ranging from £1 – £2.8). There is a Pret a Manger store next to the Tesco store, where you can get sandwiches too. Continental breakfast: It is not bad considering the fact it was free. It has toast, butter, jams, apple and orange juice, milk, and four kinds of cereal. You do need to be there early in order to get a seat. We were not given directions by the front desk for where the breakfast is served. We asked around and were directed to the line where the English breakfast was served. The lady took a look at our voucher and told us to pay £4.5 per person. I said I thought the breakfast is free; she gave me this nasty look and pointed me to the line where continental breakfast is served. So make sure you are in the right place if you are not prepared to pay extra. There is a little bar across the street also serves English breakfast but for a lower price. You may check that out. Room and service: We got a room with a double bed and two twin beds. It was comfortable and clean. They supplied a water boiler with cups, tea bags, coffee packets, creamer, and sugar. The hotel also supplied small soap bars and towels, but no shampoo so we called housekeeping to send some. Within about 5 minutes they showed up with plenty of shampoo but no conditioner. There was a small TV in the corner, but no clock. Since our room faced towards the street we got a lot of noise from the window. The room was too warm, so we have to leave the window open for the night, and the noise became very irritating. Also, it seems that there might be an emergency response center nearby, so we were constantly listening to the sounds of sirens at night. Also, we could hear the sounds of teenagers in the hallways and outside the window. Also, if you want to leave your luggage at the hotel after checking out, they will take care of your luggage for 50 pence per piece.	
Mar 11 2009	One time was enough..	I would never book this hotel for a romantic trip or a family trip. There were many young people in big groups, looks like class-trips. the room was very noisy, you can hear everything, even the smallest step in the corridor. the breakfast was bad! continental breakfast included was only toast and jam. For english breakfast, you have to pay 4.50£. There were no shampo, only soap. It took 15 min to go to Oxford Street, so the location wasn't all that!	
Mar 9 2009 	Continue as you are	I will come back, excellent quality price, near the British Museum and good access to transport..	
Mar 7 2009 	Good Location	The hotel is 10min walk from train station or £5 taxi fare. Rooms are basic but clean the beds are hard , you get some outside noise but not that bad. The evening meal is poor to say the least . The breakfast you must be down before 7.30am or you will have to wait on a table for the school canteen style breakfast. The tube station is just around the corner and well worth getting all day pass £5.60.WE WENT ON THE THOMAS COOK DEAL 2NIGHTS WITH RAIL TRAVEL FOR £99WORTH EVERY PENNY.	
Mar 6 2009 	OMG Think twice	Doing as much research as possible prior to embarking on a solo trip with my 2 year old daughter, I choose this hotel based on the proximity to Euston and price. Looking back of course, I would have added to my hotel budjet and stayed elsewhere. Upon checking in we were given a double room, with two twin beds. Not practical for a toddler that generally sleeping with me for fear of falling out of bed. I requested a change and was denied because there were 'clearly two people' in the room so it was regulation to have two beds...huh? Anyhow, I had friends joining the next day, so I decided to tuff it out until then and we would go else where......that night there seemed to be a party going on in the hallway that security didn't feel necessary to break up until 4am! Needless to say, not a great night sleep. Breakfast that is included with your room is served between 7-10am and is equivlent to fighting for food at a high school cafeteria... Also the toilet stopped working midafternoon and the TV never worked. My friends arrived the next day and upon complaining to the incompetent front desk staff, there had to be about 10 standing there, but none seem to know what to do, we were given two other rooms and was finally granted a room with a double bed....it was a definate improvement but nothing to rave about. I have travelled quite a bit, this being my first trip with my daughter. My standards are not high and I am very adaptable to different countries. I was in the hotel industry for about 7 years and like I said my standards are not high......I would not recommend this hotel to anyone short of a bus full of frat boys ready to party with the necessity of a room only for a shower and somewhere to put there bags.	
Mar 5 2009 	Royal National flea pit.	We stayed there at the begining of march on a superbreak which we booked with thomas cook. It was 101.00 per person which included rail fare and two nights accomodation. When we arrived there was 100s of children on trips. The hotel is very huge and very old fashioned. When arriving at our room which took ages to find as there are many corridors. The lift had astroturf in it and the corridors reminded me of a hostel. When finally getting to the room there was a couple out side who were just leaving and said they hoped we smoked as the room was smelling of cigerate smoke. The room was very smelly and the decor was out of the 70s. It was very basic . When sleeping in the bed it had a slant in it and my husband and i have had bad back for the last two days. We did not take up the free offer of breakfast as were not that desperate as was like a works canteen. The only good thing was it was handy for the tube. Unless you have no other choice stay in if you have run as fast as you can.You are able to leave your luggage but there is a charge of £2.00.	
Mar 2 2009 	good location but very dated but cheap	Hotel staff were fine and the beds were clean, the carpets in room were dirty and the kettle was broke, ring house keeping they sort it out straight away. Breakfast was bad so didnt bother after first day. Bar too small and overpriced 1.75 just for the coke to go with a spirit. Very noisey at night someone smashing glasses in carridors on 3rd floor (spanish kids) Windows open fully which are not double glazed and dangerous. 3 beds, 1 sloped, 2 dipped in middle and slide all over terrible strip lights in room, only one socket- not goodAnd not enough towels (towels small) no good if you are larger build, we were ok as petite.Wouldnt stay here again, although location was great for Camden and tube.Staff opened door which was nice.Cheap but very 70's and looked like &quot;the Shinning&quot; Tesco store 2 min away, tube 2 min away as were bars and pizza hut etc.Would be a great hotel if they spent some money on it, would pay extra for that.	
Feb 27 2009	Good Location	Excellent location, 5 minutes walk from Russell Square tube, hotel is huge with more than 1600 rooms, you feel like you're ina factory since there are people everywhere and everytime. Breakfast is like the victory kitchen but not bad but nothing special. Rooms are clean altough beds are not so comfortable and television is small and with poor station selection.	
Feb 25 2009 	It's exactly what you play for	I just got back yesterday and am wishing I were still there. I booked through BA with a free nights stay. I am a New Yorker so we have different standsrds as far as rooms. What I can say is that the room was exactly what I paid for--a place to sleep only. Checking was fine but no one offered to carry my bags up. Had two twin beds with tv, shower and a toilet. It wasn't tiny. It was very noisy as there were alot of young tourist there. There are many tube lines around and lots of buses. Good place to stay if you are visiting London for the first time.	
Feb 24 2009 	Dreadful - a disgrace	They'd recently revamped the lobby and restaurant, but step into the lift and the nightmare begins. The rooms and corridors smell like a retirement home, the place is packed full of noisy coach parties and the service is non existant. This is the Ryanair of the hotel world. Dirty hard matresses, noisy, the list goes on. I feel sorry for those who don't know what to expect as it must leave a very poor impression of London and British standards.	
Feb 22 2009 	Great location but noisy	The welcome was good and we were fairly pleased with our room. Two of the beds were comfortable but the put up bed was not. We had a large bathroom.We enjoyed the food in the hotel but you do have to arrive early to avoid the rush.Our main problem was the noise in the hotel at night. Our phone rang three times in the early hours of the morning on the first night. People slammed doors instead of shutting them and talked loudly in the bedrooms. I had to call security twice during the stay to speak to fellow residents about the noise they were making. We woke up tired every morning.	
Feb 21 2009 	what you would expect for a city hotel	Stayed at the royal national in oct 08 for 4 nights It was one of the very few hotels in london that did family rooms. Very large hotel and felt clostrophobic in the rooms, but all said they were clean and tidy with hot water it was only used as a base. Breakfast was ok, bt very hard to get a seat, if you got up you would loose it. If I stayed in london again I would stay somewhere a bit more central.	
Feb 21 2009 	Good Value? - Not sure!	Just this evening come back from our break in London. The &quot;break offer&quot; two nights b&amp;b at the Royal National plus one night's dinner and rail fare from Ncle £99 - fab. On the plus side the hotel is extremely central, if you like a very warm room, extremely hot water and a shower to die for, then what are we complaining about! Well, if you like being part of a very large &quot;cattle market&quot; you've come to the right place. Our room was on the small side, bathroom even smaller - two hand towels between two girls &quot;come one!&quot; Breakfast first morning - &quot;horrid&quot; - dry bread buns, watered orange and dreadful coffee - evening meal &quot;buffet&quot; looked so tired that we decided to eat elsewhere.... Our taxi driver told us to stop complaining and for the money it was good value - perhaps we did expect too much - try this for yourselves!	
Feb 20 2009 	swank??? no... seviceable...yes	A friend and i took a quick trip to London Oct last. We got an excellent deal on the flight and hotel stay. Seeing the price i was not really expecting much from the hotel. The staff...well lots at the desk and slightly helpful but it seemed like we were an bit of a bother to them. The luggage room as wonderful as we arrived at 6 a.m. well before check-in and we were glad not to have to carry our bags around, however waiting until the 12:00 check-in was hard after flying all night. WE had a TUB which i loved as i have sciatica and a shower doesn't work the knots out at all. The sink in the washroom had no cold water to speak of and oddly enough the bidet had no hot!! Did we care??? NO. the room was a place to crash after being out on the town all day. The Bed?? ok the Room ok ,Ten minutes walk from the British Museum??? Perhaps the best part of the package. Russel Square is a lovely bit of green in the city perhaps a 5 minute walk. There's a mall close-by where we got water and snacks and a meal now and again its called Waitrose also a few more shops.  As for the brekkie? we went a couple of times and the staff were GREAT. One morning the fella serving the eggs looks and me and says * mate you look hungry today!!* and loaded FOUR EGGS on my plate, still miss the beans with my brekkie here at home. Most days we went to a nearby grocery restaurant(?) and got the full English brekkie for 4 pound 50. Extra easy tube access, many meal choices, killer Indian food just down the road. Even managed to find a Rotten Ronnies!! that was near Westminster Bridge. A quick Tube ride away. Speaking of which buy an Oyster card at Heathrow they cost 3 pounds and I put 20 pounds on it and rode around all week, came back with a balance of 3 pound 50.We walked to see We Will Rock You at the Dominion Theatre... so all in all a nice place to crash... tele sucked but i had my laptop. They say you only get wireless in the ground floor and 1st but if you are facing the courtyard you can get it in your room, at least i could and we were on the 5th floor!!! Sitting at the window tho...lolWould I stay again?? Yes, Was it loud at times? YES but thats what sleeping pills and ear plugs are for. If you want peace and quiet and someone to wipe your bum this ain't for you. If you want a clean room to crash after you day in the city...this is your spot	
Feb 19 2009	eat before you go	i stayed at the royal national hotel on my school when we pulled up we didnt know what to think it it was very shabby looken from the outside the, reception area was ok but when we got to the rooms we were VERY dissopointed to see only 2 beds in a 3bedded room and one small fold up bed on the floor and the furniture wasnt the best.the dinner was very very dissopointed on the fist night we got sausages and mash with raw veg which was very bad and the second night was so bad no one touched it and a teacher called out the manager the breackfast was a bit better but not much also for people who are scared of lifts the only other way up is the stairs which is very shabby and frightening i will not be staying there again in a hurry	
Feb 17 2009 	Good location horrible hotel	I've just stayed here for a weekend shopping trip with a friend. The hotel is in a very good location, only 10-15 mins walk to Oxford st, but the hotel is in desperate need of refurbishment. Check-in was no problem, quick and easy. We got a room on the 6th floor, once we got up there the corridors are dirty and in need of new carpets and a touch of paint. The room was small with 2 single beds but it was ok for just the 2 of us. The walls are paper thin and you can hear everything, even the people in the next rooms switching lights on and off. One night someone in the room above had a shower at 3am and it sounded as if they were showering in our bathroom. We had bed and English breakfast but didn't bother with the breakfast the 2nd morning. I felt like i was back at school. we had to stand in a line to be served then the kitchen staff put sausage, bacon and fried egg on a plate and handed it to you, not asking if thats what you wanted, then you could choose from scrambled egg, tomatoes and beans. Even finding a seat was hard work. All the seating is tables of 8 and you had to just squeeze in where ever you could find a seat, which was inbetween other guests. One the 2nd night my key card wouldn't work in the room door but had no problem the reception staff changed the card straight away. We also reported the T.V as we couldn't get it to work, someone came within 10 minutes to sort it out. The only problem i could find with the staff was the cleaners. On our last morning we had to check out by 11am but from 8am they kept knocking on the door, i think they were hoping we'd left early so they could clean the room but when you're having a shower and gettin ready i didn't want them to open the door for all to see. I regularly travel to London but although this hotel was in a good location i won't be using it again, i'd rather travel a bit further.	
Feb 15 2009 	this hotel is just the job great	this hotel is good;service,rooms,food,bars,staff,everything.very central,breakfast is good do not know why people complain what do you expect for the price you pay. we went to london to see keane at the o2 arena and stayed at hotel for 2 nights me and my wife will definatly go back to the royal national and would recomend it to anyone. people who complain about this hotel must expect 5 star acommodation for 3 star money next time these people visit london stay at the hilton and be happy.	
Feb 13 2009	Just did the job	My husband and I stayed here before and after our Contiki tour. The only good thing was that it was the meeting point for Contiki, so was convenient for that reason, oh and the location was good too I thought.Because our travel agent booked through Contiki, we had to go to the basement of COntiki first (Back of hotel), to get a slip of paper, then go back to the reception and get our key. It seemed a bit of a run around and confusing, but we got there. We also left our luggage there when we arrived, as we go there in the morning before check in. It was free for storage, before checking in.The rooms are like a rabbit warren down the corridor, massive hotel. The walls are paper thin, didn't have problem the first time we stayed but after our trip we were overlooking the London Pub and could hear the music like it was inside the room. Our first stay also included a leaking toilet, leaking from the base. Bit of mold around, but at the end of the day the room did the job.Doubt I would stay here again, unless for only a night, as had good location. But would recommend it for Contiki travellers.	
Feb 11 2009 	The best part was having the door held open for me as I walked out.	I have only just come back from a two night stay here as part of a college trip. All I can say is that I'm glad that we only used the place for sleeping and eating &quot;breakfast&quot;.Starting from the beginning, checking in. This was done on my behalf but was quite a speedy process once sorted. Room keys worked fine and rooms were already made up. However, found that our bin was still full from the previous occupants.Tried out the shower in the bathroom, which was quite powerful and very nice, if not a little tempermental with the temperature.We had a triple room, which had a Z-bed pushed up against the wall at the bottom of the two twin beds, thereby blocking the trouser press (not that we needed it) and creating little space in the room.The Z-bed also had a problem with temperature. I could not get to sleep as I was freezing from the waist up. This was with four (provided) duvets on.Window opened nice and wide, although others reported different window fittings that had not worked so well. No double glazing either.Didn't use much of the TV.Tea/coffee making facilities were pretty basic, but did the job.Didn't really understand the locking system on the inside of the doors, and there was no peephole, which meant opening the doors and sticking your head out.Slow closing fire doors which you'd hear slamming in the middle of the night.DO NOT USE THE ELEVATORS. These are even more tempermental than the showers and tend to drop from higher floors occasionally. I ended up taking the stairs for the rest of the trip (it didn't help that we were on the top floor neither).Breakfast was poorly made and consisted of either apple juice/orange juice/water and toast/cereal. Something like a £4.50 supplement charge was implemented for the cooked breakfast. Toast was underdone, cold and very chewy. Milk included with the cereal tasted off.There was always huge crowds in the lobby, usually waiting for the reception desk or a tour bus.Overall, I wouldn't recommend this hotel at all. Not for the price it charges either.	
Feb 10 2009 	Huge Hotel - more like a college dorm	I was a little surprised at the size of this hotel, building kind of like a prison block with the exercise yard in the middle :-)It took us some time to find the check in desk and even longer to find our hotel room (friends had done our check in and left the keys a the front desk, the people at the front desk had given us the wrong room number). Because of the size of the hotel, there are doors every so often in the corridors, some of which are shut at night making it a little disorienting. All the rooms, hallways, look alike. The rooms are small and as stated above, more like a dorm room. Not the cleanest I've been in.	
Feb 10 2009 	Very old out of date hotel	This is not a hotel...this is a institution...1600 rooms, imaging when all of the quest wants to eat breakfast at the same time. I only did this the first day...the other days i went out to buy breakfast. Extremely long check in time old and tasteless rooms.My father booked this hotel, without checking with me first...bad idea.	
Feb 6 2009	Very very poor customer service!	I stayed at this hotel for my 40th birthday and due to poor customer service I will never be back and wouldn't recommend it to anyone! My friend sent a telegram to the hotel and when I asked for it they said it wasn't there. It was there all the time they just didnt look! When we asked if they would forward it on (the price of a stamp) they wouldn't do it if we didnt pay for the stamp. Unbelievable, so much for looking after your customers....	
Feb 3 2009 	Location with negative frills	We stayed here with a group for a short weekend trip. The only thing it does have going for it is the location. We are not sure if the rooms are actually cleaned. Walls are paper thin and the windows did nothing to keep street noise out. The worst offense was the several occasions staff came into our rooms unannounced, I stood in disbelief in my towel.	
Jan 27 2009 	Only because I had to...	I stayed at the Royal National for one night in Nov 08. I had a conference at the hotel the next morning, and figured it would be better to stay in the same hotel overnight (I could get up a little later than if I stayed at another hotel).The hotel was on the main road from Russell Square, and is huuuge - it takes up a whole block. Check-in was quick and painless. There were7 or 8 staff and only me in there....I got in the lift and was scared - it was tiny, there were scratched/graffiti everywhere, dirt on the sides, and astro-turf (yes - ASTRO-TURF!) on the walls too. The corridors were seemingly endless, it looks like it was last painted in the 70's and has been smoked in since (literally). The room was small, but enough for the night. It had two small single beds which didn't look very accommodating. The room is very very basic, the bathroom is very small but does the trick, and there's a little storage space. The main problem with this room was that the window would close properly (and I was overlooking the main road). I couldn't sleep for the noise of the traffic (I'm used to London noise, but this was ridiculous). My main problem was that this hotel is seriously dated and only just does the job. I'm not snobbish when it comes to hotels, but this was quite poor (right down to the pillows and sheets). I don't recommend this hotel at all. All I can say is: if you've only got one night to stay, and have a budget of £70, then this place will have to do...	
Jan 25 2009 	Budget hotel in a good location	This hotel is ok for a budget break in London. The hotel is in a good location. Close to the British Museum and 1 min walk to Russell Square underground station on the Piccadilly line. The Royal National is a massive hotel and has the feel of a youth hostel, lots of large parties of teenagers and coach parties. The rooms were clean, small and very basic but were adequate for a short break as we didn’t spend much time in the room. We had a twin room which seemed smaller than the double rooms we saw. We booked the hotel as part of a theatre break with Superbreaks. The price was in relation to the standard of hotel and the show was excellent. I would definitely recommend watching Oliver! One downside to the hotel is the breakfast. The Windsor dining room was like a big school canteen with tables for 8+. You have to find a clean table and squeeze in with the other diners. The dining room was busy and unorganised. Our room rate included English breakfast (£4.50 extra if you want to upgrade from continental breakfast) The continental breakfast consisted of orange juice, water, tea coffee, milk bread rolls, jam butter and choice of 2 cereals. English breakfast was edible but nothing to get exited about. If your looking for a cheap hotel close to the west end then the Russell Square hotel would be adequate. If you have a few more pounds to spend I would recommend the Kingsway Hall hotel was it is of a high standard.	
Jan 22 2009 	Pretty basic but no complaints	My husband and I are in our late 40's and planned a last minute week in London. We stayed at the Royal National from January 7-15, 2009. This hotel was part of a package deal with Air Transat out of Vancouver. We had read all the reviews so we were a bit anxious about staying at this hotel. Our expectations weren't too high after reading some of the reiviews! We were very pleasantly surprised. The hotel is in a wonderful location near the University of London and the British Museum. The hotel is within easy walking distance to Oxford street and about an hour walk to the tower of London, buckingham palace etc. We did a lot of walking but we also bought an oyster card for the subway and buses - an oyster card is definitely the cheapest and easiest way to travel in London. We took the train from Gatwick to King's cross and found it an easy 10 minute walk pulling our suitcases to the hotel. The area felt very safe and Russel tube station is only a few minutes from the hotel. There are stores, restaurants etc. within a few minutes walk of the hotel. The hotel is very big and definitely basic but our room was clean and quiet.(I would compare it to a motel room in North America - basic but adequate) The bed was clean and comfortable, the window was able to open wide, which was nice. There was a TV which we didn't use but seemed to work fine. The bathroom was clean and the water pressure in the tub/shower was great. The hotel room was a decent size. All the people we met who worked at the hotel were friendly and helpful - no complaints. The hotel is very big and next time we would prefer a smaller hotel. The halls are long and very basic and needing some paint in places, but how much time do you spend in a hallway. The continental breakfast was fine - nothing special, but it wasn't bad either. A bit boring because the same thing was out everyday - toast and buns with variety of jams/jellies, 4 kinds of cereal, including Mueseli, orange and grapefruit segments, apple and orange juice, coffee, tea and hot chocolate. It was fine. For an extra 4 pounds you could get the full breakfast, but it didn't look too exciting! It was busy at the hotel while we were there, but not so busy that we ever had to wait for anything. The hotel felt safe and the people staying at it seemed to be mostly tourists from all over the world - all ages. If you have high expectations for a fancy hotel or if you plan to spend a lot of time in your room, don't go to this hotel. I would recommend this hotel to people who want a budget hotel in a good location. I think the worst thing about the hotel is that it's very big - we would likely try a smaller hotel next time - there are lots in the area.	
Jan 15 2009 	perfect location	Myself, daughter and friend booked a hotel/theatre break and chose this hotel for the one night that we were in London. It was a ten min walk from kings cross station and is a one min walk to russel square station. This is only four tube stops from piccadilly station. Perfect if you wanted a late night out as no distance from central london to the hotel. Staff were friendly. Room very basic but was clean had a tele and a good power shower! Had a great breadfast in the morning..either cooked breakfast, cereal, fruit and juice. Were able to leave our bags and as it was so close to oxford street we were able to go shopping go back to the hotel for our bags and then get a two oclock train home. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. Although basic it is very central, got everything that you need and friendly!	
Jan 13 2009	good solution	Me my wife and my son stayed for three nights.Clean rooms.Nice location.The staff was very friendly,but the continental breakfast was very bad.we shall visit this hotel again.	
Jan 10 2009 	Watch out for bugs	Let me start off by saying that the Royal National is very central. This was our first trip to London, and we really appreciated the fact that we were close to the tube station, and to the British museum, which was fascinating. The breakfasts were adequate, and one day we did treat ourselves to a hot breakfast which was delicious. The room that we were allocated was not spotless, and the beds and furniture were very old and dilapidated. The lady who cleaned our room was consistently rude and offhand when we did bump into her, berating us on the last day because we had not cleared the room in time, despite us having made arrangements with management for a late departure time (our flight was only leaving late in the evening). But the absolutely worst thing was that I found a bed bug in my bed. At the time I did not know what it was - I had woken up in the early hours of the morning, only to discover this tiny reddish-brown bug in the bed that looked similar to a small tick. As I had taken a spare blanket out of the cupboard during the night, I assumed that perhaps the tick had come from the blanket. I picked it up with a tissue and flushed it. That was my biggest mistake. Over the next couple of days I was bitten every single night. I began getting suspicious that it was bedbugs, but not wanting to ruin the family sightseeing holiday, I stuck it out. As soon as we were on our way home, I checked up bedbugs on the Internet, and to my horror discovered that this is what had been in my bed - I even had the telltale &quot;breakfast, lunch and dinner&quot; bite marks described in the article. Well, what a nightmare. We had to leave all out luggage in the garage, wash all our clothes in hot water, spray insecticide over the luggage, and place what we could not wash into a hot dryer. My advice to anyone going to this hotel is to check the mattress when you get there, and if you have any suspicion of bugs - report it to management immediately, preferably with the evidence in hand, and insist on a room change. Because of the very high volume of guests going through this hotel, I am sure that they do experience problems of this nature from time to time. Next time I will definitely pay more for a better hotel, even if it means not being in such a central location.	
Jan 8 2009 	Never Again	My family of 5, children from 24 years to 14, stayed from 28th December to 31st December 2008. While rooms were clean enough they were extremely basic. The breakfast was unforgettably bad and my children still squirm at the memory. It was like a busy railway station with low quality food and a free for all to try and get seated. This hotel is more like a backpackers hostel than a 3 star hotel. I would not recommend this hotel to any family, however handy it is for central London shopping, theatres etc... My worst hotel experience in Europe or America and it was not particulary cheap.	
Jan 7 2009 	Central - Perfectly Acceptable Budget Accommodation	The Royal National is a very large hotel, I wouldn't recommend it for a romantic break, but for the purpose of a base to see the sights of London, it is perfect. The location is excellent, we walked to Covent Garden, it took around 20 mins, but it was a pleasant walk. The hotel is also just around the corner from Russell Square Underground Station on the Picadilli Line, 2 stops from Covent Garden, and around 5 to Leicester Square. The Royal National is also just round the corner from the British Museum which is well worth a visit, it is free &amp; houses some amazing collections. The Egyptian collection amused our 2 boys, aged 12 &amp; 15.The hotel itself is huge, with long queues to check in (these did go down fairly quickly, but took around 20 minutes to check in). The rooms were ok, shabby in some places, but not the end of the world, bathrooms were large, clean &amp; towels etc changed daily. The downside to the hotel was breakfast, which was like a cattle market &amp; difficult to find somewhere to sit together as a family - as a family of 5, we were not able to eat together on one of the mornings. I would stay there again, it was good value for money in Central London, take some earplugs if you are a light sleeper &amp; get to breakfast early &amp; you'll be fine!	
Jan 5 2009	Great Xmas Break	My partner and I booked a superbreak 3 day xmas deal at this hotel, which was linked with The Imperial. Having read the reviews of the hotel, we were a bit wary, but we couldnt have been happier on arrival. The room was very clean and there was plenty of room (although we believe that depended on what side of the hotel your room was). We were on the 7th floor, but the lift was always ok. We were very impressed with the whole xmas break, and the food was great! The location of this hotel is really good, Oxford Street, Covent Gardens, and many attractions are only a short walk, or bus ride away.	
Jan 5 2009 	Pleasantly surprised!	After reading some of the reviews about this hotel we decided to go to this hotel with an open mind, having booked the Christmas package. We arrived at 2.00pm on xmas eve. check in was fine, staff proffessional and polite. The room was clean and comfortable and looked like it had been recently refurbished.We stayed xmas eve up until the 29th December. The xmas package was excellent for the price. There were some ques for the hot buffets but other than that the service was excellent for the amount of people that were there. The food at the hot buffets was lovely and there was half a bottle of wine per person included. I can't comment on the breakfast (as I never made it!) My husband, however,did say that they were not very good. The maid service was also very good. The royal national is central for everywhere in London and minutes from the tube station.If we were to take another trip to London, we would not hesitate in booking this hotel again.	
Jan 4 2009	Eat at your own risk!!	This was our 6th New Year trip to get to the Christmas Sales. We always stayed at the Royal National, which we found it to be as comfortable as it can be. Also the convienance of being close to Oxford street and the Tube and Post Office etc. We had also enjoyed eating our lunch or dinner at the Hotel. Last year January 2008 as we were waiting for our coach to come to take us to the airport we saw workers removing all the rerstaurant furniture. We were told they were going to refurbish it. This was the biggest mistake....So our first Continental breakfast was as usual. In other countries you also get cheese, ham, hard boild egg. The restaurant was very cold. We had to leave our jackets on while eating. After 4 days I got fed up of the breakfast and opted to buy a breakfast. The choice was ok but after being served and paying for the meal and getting to your table the food was cold. Cold fried eggs just don't go down to well. The dinners were no different. The meats were not cooked well, the potatoes were hard in the centre, the veggies given to you were enough to be counted and again cold. As we were in a group we could only stand having two meals. Also I must say that unlike the year before the restaurant had very few diners. Last time they had to open another room for diners.But the heat was not in the kitchen, oh no, it was behind the serving counters were the staff and kitchen manager were going at it like cat and dog. The shouting and of course as they were Indian and Chinese we didn't know what they were saying but this behaviour should not be allowed in the restaurant.To end all this we were really disgusted with the restaurant. For the same price we had better meals in other restaurants where the place was warm and the food was hot and the service was good. I do not even recommend a slice of cold toast from this place. I certianly hope that the Hotel management read this.Thankyou,Compo	
Jan 3 2009 	Location price - quite acceptable hotel!	A group of 18 (adults and young adults) stayed at the Royal National Dec 26, 2008 -Jan 2, 2009 and found the hotel quite acceptable. The group was made up of teachers, some former students, and our relatives. I was worried after reading some of the reviews, but was pleasantly surprised with our experience.Location: Excellent - very short distance from Russell Square tube station and a block and a half from the British Museum. Lots of excellent restaurants very nearby as well as an internet cafe, small markets, pubs, and a shopping mall.Rooms: Good - very clean, small (but that's all over London so I wasn't surprised). We booked rooms with two twin beds - a bit cramped but nothing we couldn't handle. In suite bath - shower and tub. Hot water all the time - and that's something you don't always find in Europe. Bring your own washcloths, though - they don't come with the towels! Maid service is timely and thorough. We did have a problem with the toilet seat in my room (it came unhinged) - called maintenance and it was fixed in a jiffy. We had a TV set that wasn't programmed correctly but it worked and we didn't go to London to watch TV so that wasn't a problem for us.Breakfast: Rate includes a continental breakfast served from 7-10 am (cereals, toast, bagels, jam, coffee, milk, hot chocolate, juices). If you want a more substantial breakfast, just add the supplement (two kinds of eggs, sausage, bacon, oatmeal, tomatoes, beans) for 4.50 pounds. Most of the people in my group ate the continental breakfast and were fine.Service: Check-in was smooth - all the room keys and bedroom cards were ready for us. Be prepared to fill out an information card with passport number, home address, etc. Concierge desk was helpful and ready to answer questions - can book tours, special excursions, and get theater tickets. Some of the staff aren't as helpful as others but you'll find that everywhere. Amenities: Several restaurants in the hotel, currency exchange, ATM machine for cash, gift shop, free newspapers at the concierge desk, a couple lounges/pubs in the hotel.This is a HUGE hotel and it is always busy ... obviously used by many tours. Even with the hustle and bustle, we found the rooms to be quiet enough - our only &quot;loud&quot; evening was New Year's Eve and even that quieted down after midnight.If you want a double bed, you must ask for it! We had one married couple with us and they got two twin beds - no way to move them together. So, be sure to make that clear when you book the rooms.I've stayed in more comfortable, more &quot;luxurious&quot; hotels in Europe but the Royal National is just fine ... we wanted to save money on the lodging so we could spend it in other ways. This fit the bill.If you're looking for a romantic getaway, this probably won't fit your needs. But families, singles, young adults, even some of us older travelers will be satisfied with what you get for your money.	
Jan 3 2009	Worst Hotel I have stayed in anywhere in the world	The Royal National would have to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. It was dirty, dirty, dirty, nosiy, noisy, noisy. On arrival the staff were extremely rude and the room was very very dated. I would never advise anyone to stay at this hotel again. Shame on Contiki for using this as their homebase in London. On walking into my room for the first time the beds were made up but the sheets were not clean nor was the bathroom. Most disappointing considering this was my first exposure to London.	
Dec 26 2008 	cheap 	after reading other reviews i was a bit worried, but its fine - my family and i (2 adults, 3 kids 13,11,8) stayed here for 2 nights on our recent trip to the capital. we had a twin and a triple, both rooms were en suite and clean. had tea, coffee and a telly, continental breakfast was included in the price which was fine for the kids but for £4.50 we had porridge and a full english-kept us going all day! most of the staff were friendly and heplful. this place is very central and great for getting about, the British Museum is a very short walk away, we did not have our evening meal here so can't comment on the resturants attached to it - we found a great little place to eat (3 mins walk ) called Girraffe -happy hour 5-7 we had 4 starters, 4 mains + child meal + drinks = £72.00 nice decor and great staff. Were recommended a place by the hotel called denise's -not good don''t waste your money. This hotel is ideal if you just want somewhere to stop if you are doing the tourist stuff, we didn't have time to see everything so we will be back in London in the summer and will definatly stay here - never mind the plastic teaspoons!	
Dec 22 2008	Just Relax Folks It's Fine. Really.	Just returned from a great two-night London visit with my teenage son at the Royal National. As long as you keep in mind that this is an big, ugly, affordable, TOURIST CLASS hotel, you should have no problems. We had no problems checking in and finding on twin room (on the 4th floor). The elevators worked and were never crowded. Our room faced the inner courtyard and was quiet. The staff was courteous enough. I didn't expect an early check in, so I wasn't surprised when I didn't get one. We were, however, able to leave our bags in the baggage room at no charge with no problem. The room was quite clean -- particularly the bath, which seemed spotless. We came prepared with our own toiletries, so no problem there. I can't say enough about the hotel's location; it is literally steps from the Russell Square tube and the British Museum. And being able to use the Piccadilly Line direct to Heathrow was a convenience and money-saver. Also lots of cafes and shops close to the hotel. BUT TO REPEAT: this is a TOURIST CLASS hotel and should be approached in that manner. So just take a deep breath, relax, and save some money. You'll be fine. Really.	
Dec 18 2008	good stay	After reading the bad reviews on the hotel i wasnt looking forward to going. When we booked it at the travel agents they told us it would be single beds but we could request a double so we did. When we got there the staff where polite and asked us what kind of room we would like. so we asked for a double so we got 1. the room was simple but clean, its not as if u stend so long in your room. when we where leaving to go out we noticed a lot of children where on there school trip when we got back we where shocked at how late they where up running around in there pj's. i think the staff must have said something to them cause we never heard a thing from them. Breakfast was ok the staff didnt look like they where working loads of dirty plates all over. u had to have other peoples mess to get a table. tea n coffee HORRIBLE! thats the only bad thing. when leaving we where glad they has a luggage room they only charged 50p. that was a bonas. over all i thought it was a nice clean hotel and i would be booking up in the future and telling other people to book it x	
Dec 9 2008 	Better than expected	I booked Royal National before reading all the terrible reviews (about even springs sticking out of beds); so I feared of four scary nights ahead. It was not at all as bad as it seemed but few things should be born in mind before staying there. Firstly, this is a large hotel with many tourist groups; if crowds, queues and noise make you nervous, this place is best avoided. Secondly, the breakfast bread was awful indeed; after the first morning I had to inspect the nearest food shops (of which there are many close by) to buy bread and some other food not offered, such as cheese and yogurt. English breakfast for which you pay GBP 4.50 was quite ok. The room was basic but clean, quite large and comfortable enough; of course, neither furniture nor wall finish was new and perfect but this is common in this hotel range. TV and teapot were ok, bed was also comfortable. There was a convenient niche with a shelf over it where to store your luggage and purchases. Bathroom was also clean, functional, with a pleasant shower; the only thing a bit dirty was the shower curtain. Many reviews mentioned the staff being rude; from my experience I cannot agree – I asked to reduce room heating, and technician girl turned up in less than 10 minutes and solved the problem. As I was on the 5th floor, pub noise probably did not go so high; neighbours also happened not to be drunkards slamming doors after midnight. I also used the health club services with a fine swimming pool; true, this costs GBP 8.00 and would be too small for more than 5 people at the same time but in early mornings it was not crowded. The location of the hotel is good indeed; apart from the closest Russell Square tube (which tends to be crowded as it goes to Heathrow) you can also walk to St Pancras rail station for other rail services.	
Dec 7 2008 	Low price for family room	Low price, in center of London,near Tube!Red Bus Station in place(for good/bad).Pub in placeNot so clean.Terrible breakfast!	
Dec 1 2008 	Feels like a train station	My wife and I stayed there for 4 nights booked there by British Air. The hotel is very large. We had a feeling we were at a train station all the time. Hotel is used by groups and tour operators. There were crowds any time of the day and night. Elevators are slow and always full.The room was clean and was cleaned every day. It needed paint. The hotel does not offer anything except for small soap. No tissues. We had to ask for shampoo. Hair dryers are available for 20 pounds deposit.Continental breakfast was so-so: toast and preserves plus coffee. Again, same feeling of being at a train station in the self-service restaurant.However, the hotel is very conveniently located to subway and is in the nice area.	
Nov 25 2008 	This hotel is fine	This hotel is fine. Stayed with the family in a quad room and had a brilliant time. Have just booked to go back next month. Ignore the moaners and stay here,great value for money.	
Nov 24 2008 	The royal National	I read the reviews on here after booking our stay at the royal national, to say I was worried about the terrible reviews would be an understatement. I was dreading going there. However we had a very enjoyable 3night visit. Our room was clean and serviced everyday. We did not experience any noise even though hotel was very busy, staff were very helpful and courteous. The breakfast was adequate. its a budget hotel we had value for money. The location of the hotel is a bonus its so central with transport closeby. I would visit again.	
Nov 24 2008	Hotel from Hell......	This is the hotel from Hell.... if you are considering staying there don't do it. My husband and I stayed there two hellish nights after travelling around Europe for 5 weeks, which was fine in the accommodation department. The Royal National does not deserve 3 stars, I would surprised if it would get one. The rooms were apalling, dirty, smelly and basic doesn't even come close. Some goo on the sheets and blankets, pins and hair all over the floors, and that was the third room they had moved us to. The first room was something I wouldn't put my dog in, the second we had to leave as a group of drunken teenages kept belting at the door and they tried to break in by shouldering the door. So the other room was 'apparently' the renovated room..... good grief the place just needs to be condemned. The staff weren't too bad and seemed sympathetic...I think they knew the place was a hole as well. Down stairs it is contantly rowdy with drunken underage teenagers and obviously out to pick up some action..... if you kow what I mean....really bad. So please what ever you do....never stay there, for your own sanity and health.	
Nov 23 2008 	Awful	I was on trip to London and stayed at the hotel for 2 nights. It was awful. Food terrible, dusty dirty horrible. The hotel was covered in dust, the lifts were horrible and had fake grass growing on the sides. The hotel was full of foreigners who were at the hotel for temporary accommodation payed for by the government. I found it an experience eating breakfast next to someone who i had never met before nor could speak to. Terrible! The rooms were cold and throughout the night I could hear loud drunken people and the sound of police cars through the drafty single glazed windows. I would never stay there again.	
Nov 20 2008 	We liked it	We planned a 4 day trip to London so searched for a central and not so expensive hotel to stay while we were there. We got a deal for a &quot;nice and central hotel&quot; for 379£ in a portuguese travel agency, but then we saw the reviews for the Royal National and got a bit scared with all the bad reviews.We got at the Reception about 3pm and made the check-in right away, the staff were polite and helpful.Asked for a quiet room, and we got a double room in the last floor overlooking the courtyard.The room was clean and not too small. It had t.v with remote, a water boiler for tea and coffee.We found the room a bit too hot so we had to remove all the blankets .We slept very well and heard no noises.The hotel is very well located, next to the tube ( Russel sq. station), near the British Museum and a 10 minute walk to Oxford street.At breakfast it gets a bit crowdy cantina style, but we can easily find a spot. The continental breakfast is not bad. You can easily have a quick snack at pret a manger or tesco express located in front of the tube station.We had dinner one night there, we dont recomend it, found a bit overpriced for its quality.You can draw some cash at the ATM machine located at the reception hall of the hotel where can also use the internet if you pay 1£ per 15minute.Overall thumbs up, we liked it and we would probably return.	
Nov 17 2008 	Never Again	We were recommended this hotel for its location.It was by far the worse hotel I have ever stayed in.Check in was terrible. About 10 trainees fighting over two PC's.No personality or knowledge. Reminded me of Fawty TowersRoom poorly presented. No milk to go with the one tea bag or coffee.Coffee Shop- disposable cups !!!!!!!!Terrible cheap coffeeBreakfast in the cafeteria/refectory was a BUN FIGHT. Thank goodness was not required to eat in the Restaurant. Food looked inedibleAte in Indian, not bad but overcharged.Whole trip was spoiled by this TERRIBLE hotel	
Nov 16 2008 	A dog house in the making	If you want to feel what it's like to be in a kennel which has not been cleaned forever, then book this hotel. That's to say I would not even let my dog sleep (or stay for that matter!!) in a hotel room like this one I just had this past week. I arrived after a very tiring journey into this very basic hotel. Fine I thought, this was London and knowing that accommodation here in the centre could be very pricey, I succumbed to it as long as it was clean. How wrong I was! The room could not have been refurbished since the hotel was first built. The fitted carpet reeked of a decomposed carcass (I actually looked around and under the beds to see if there was one!), the furniture must have been collected from some scrap heap somewhere and the bed had hair strands in it. I really am not one to complain so I just kept my mouth shut and listened to my partner on the other end of the phone who told me it was just for a couple of days. The wardrobe did not have hangers in it so I caught sight of one of the receptionists on duty on my floor and asked him to bring me some. When I returned from dinner, the hangers were not there. I reported it to the receptionists again in the morning on waking up and nothing was brought over so I asked them again before going to work. After a very long day at 7:30pm, the hangers were still not in the room so I called the Housekeeping Department who were there with the hangers within 5mins. The following morning, knowing that nothing was done from any requests handed over to the useless receptionists or from the concierge on duty, I spoke to one of the maids on the floor to give the room a thorough vacuum. She just fobbed me off with an OK as nothing ever happened again. There were still strands of hair on the floor. The tea/coffee condiments were never replenished until my last day, there was mould visible on the bathroom ceiling and all the linen and towels were replaced everyday even though I told them there was no need to (I was there for three days only so didn't feel the need - this hotel follows no rules to eco-tourism). Breakfast left much to be desired and none of the staff ever showed one single smile. I now sincerely wish I had taken photographs to show to everyone but apart from having very little time to, I did not want to be the stereo-type tourist which seems to be the trend nowadays. How wrong of me again!!!!	
Nov 4 2008 	Quite An Experience But Worth It!	If you know what to expect and just want a fairly decent room for a few nights in London, you'll be fine.There are thousands of guest s in this hotel and you do end up sometimes feeling like you've been processed through a conveyor belt, especially at breakfast. However, it is cheap (we got 2 nights B&amp;B and Dinner one night and rail travel from Scotland for £109 each via Thomas Cook High Street shop, which is pretty good, considering the train fare alone would have been £105 each!!The room was small, but clean and big enough.Bathroom clean.TV remote didn't work, so Housekeeper changed it straight away.We had a room overlooking the courtyard on the 7th floor. Radiator jammed permanently on, so had to leave window open all night. This did mean lot of noise from revellers 7 floors below, but we were on holiday, so it wasn't the end of the world.The beds do have that weird habit of sliding about if you try to sit up and read or watch telly, as they're on slippy castors and have no headboard, but again, no big deal really.And they gave us a twin instead of a double, but we figured it was quite a nice room and we didn't gamble on possibly getting a downgrade if we insisted on a double.So, what was good?Check-in/Reception staff very professional, very polished.Breakfast WAS good - we got full English included in the bargain price. One morning one of the serving women was very abrupt and rude to my wife because we couldn't understand her Carribbean/London accent, but otherwise everyone was polite enough, as we queued for our food!We had dinner in neighbouring Cafe Jacques as part of the deal. Again, cafeteria atmosphere, albeit with table service, but Boy, was that food good! Bottle of house white was just £10, too, so not TOO much profiteering to claw back margins.Great location, next to Tube.Not the best hotel we've stayed in, by a long chalk, BUT if we got the same deal again, we'd go back.	
Nov 2 2008 	Avoid this hotel	I cannot stress strongly enough how bad this hotel is.My room smelt of urine. I switched rooms and my second room looked like the ceiling was falling down but at this point i was too tired to do anything about it.The plugs didn't work, it's extremely noisy (not the hotel's fault I admit), the breakfast was inedible and the staff are bored and quite rude.I'm a Londoner, so in the grand scheme of things it wasn't a problem for me. However, if this is your only trip to London it will ruin it for you!	
Nov 2 2008 	Dont say	Stay at this hotel in Russell Square, please dont say here, the price might be good, but you get what you pay for, we paid £180.00 for 2 nights in a family room. The room was small with 1 double and 1 singhle bed and 1 camp bed, the bathroom need a good makeover, the windows need replacing we was at the front. the breakfast was ok. I would think twice about going to this hotel, as the hotel need a LOt of money spent on it. If you would like anymore information please email me.	
Oct 29 2008 	not that bad!	After reading some terrible reviews, we were quite pleasantly surprised with this hotel. We stayed 2 nights with our grandson and found the central location and easy access to the underground very good. Yes, check in could be improved as there are some terrible queues and they couldn't find our reservation - however it quickly cleared and our lack of findable reservation wasnt an issue.The room was clean and probably quite spacious for london. For the price it was better than we expected. The bathroom was fine and the shower had plently of hot water and enough power to blow you out the bath! They were cleaned daily and fresh towels provided. The cleaner was very good and always gave us a cheerful greeting. It was quite noisy if the window was open, but thats to be expected if you choose a hotel in the centre of town?Breakfast was fine with a choice of toast, rolls, cereal, tea,coffee, and fruit. You could choose to pay an extra £4.50 for a full cooked breakfast if wanted, but we filled up on what was available.I think in view of the massive turnover this hotel has - the staff were friendly and effecient. This hotel may not be the ritz but then it does'nt have the ritz prices - so it suited us just fine.	
Oct 25 2008	Wave goodbye to your stuff/space/yummy breakfasts...	I stayed here as part of a college trip, and I'd dearly like to have words with whoever arranged for us to stay here. Disappearing items, lack of power sockets, and slidey beds awaited me...The shiny lobby is the first bit you see, but don't be fooled as we were by thinking that the rest of the hotel is the same quality as this.Once we got checked into our rooms we found there was one plug socket between two of us, and a tiny kettle, as if we would never need to charge our phones or anything. For my male friends in rooms of 3, they had an extra campbed put in the room, low down, definitely nowhere near the standard of a proper bed, leaving hardly any room to move in the bedroom, and there was STILL only one plug socket!The friend I was sharing with and I went down to reception to ask if we could hire a 'four gang' converter to make 4 sockets, and we were told to go to housekeeping by someone on the desk who had a very rude and unhelpful attitude. They didn't have any, so we had to go out and buy one.Other problems included the beds being on huge wheels meaning you couldn't even sit up in bed to read without it sliding away under you, the bedclothes consisting of a sheet, cover-thing, and an extremely scratchy blanket, the type you'd expect to find on a bed in an emergency camp. The beds themselves were comfy enough, but I would have really appreciated a decent duvet.The shower in the bathroom was a fixed mixer tap one, and while the bathroom was perfectly clean enough, it would be nice to have a handheld-able shower.The free wifi was nice - but whenever I tried to look at my e-mails in Internet Explorer, my AVG anti-virus told me I was getting trojans from it. AVG dealt with them but I used Firefox as I usually do, and it was ok. Be careful if you use Internet Explorer!The breakfast was very disappointing, poor quality food, the bread especially (I actually thought a roll was plastic when I picked it up - I kid you not), the 'toast' was lukewarm bread which was cold when you'd reached your table, and a hot breakfast (bacon, eggs etc) was £4.50 extra and I didn't go for it - it didn't look at all appetising. The only bearable thing was the grapefruit.The major problem I encountered was the mysterious disappearance of my hoodie and of another girl's camera while we were out on the second day. I had left some clothes on my bed, and I came back to find my night-clothes flung on a chair and my hoodie (which had sentimental value too) absolutely nowhere. The girl on my trip had left her digital camera in her drawer and when she got back after our day's excursion it had gone. No-one else but her friend and themaids had access to the room.I went to housekeeping to ask about my hoodie - the foreign workers didn't get what I was asking about at first - and then said it could have been taken for laundry. I was very cross as I had not asked for laundry to be done at all. By Friday (it disappeared on Tuesday) it had still not been found. I left my address and am just hoping it turns up after being accidentally caught up in the bedding. If not...Please, if you're looking for somewhere, look at somewhere other than here!I can't believe the company college used chose to waste my money (a considerable amount) on this level of accommodation. Extremely disappointed and angry at the loss of a valued hoodie.Oh,and the milk sachets in the room were just water and solidified milk bits! Not good in your morning coffee!	
Oct 21 2008 	A centrally situated hotel.....	I was in a group of ten having a long weekend in London. This hotel was very well situated in Russell Square. We arrived about 12.00 and was told we couldn't check in until 2.00. We were able to leave our luggage in the hotel. When we arrived back at 2.00 the foyer was packed with people trying to check in, we must have been there about half an hour. Eventually we went to our room which was okay, adequate for our needs. We were looking over the square in the centre of the hotel but unlike previous Tripadvisor guests there was no noise as it was quite cold outside. The place looked a bit like a hospital! We went down for breakfast about 8:45am the next morning and the restaurant was full up so we were shown to another place elsewhere in the hotel. It was a bit like a canteen. Tea and coffee in urns. The place was packed and we had to queue for a fair while before getting served. Food was average. The second morning we went down at 07:45am and were shown into the restaurant which was a lot better.I would stay in this hotel again but just on a room only basis as the location is so good.	
Oct 19 2008 	Never again	Very shoddy, ok location but not worth the money.True it wasn't that expensive but you can get a lot better for the same.We stood for over 2 hours just waiting to check in and eventually when we got to our room it was horrible. 2 single beds shoved together and a cot in the corner, on all 3 there was springs sticking out. The wall paper was coming off the wall, the radiator was broken and couldnt be turned off which made the room like a sauna.We tried to leave windows open but the noise was too much for my 8 year old to sleep on her uncomfortable cot.There was no real doors on the bathroom ,just on rails which keept either coming off or getting stuck,trapping the person inside.When we complained we were told there was no other rooms available and as we had already wasted half of one of our 2 days in the hotel we decided to just get on with our holiday.I didn't expect the Ritz for what i had paid but i expected clean and basic but acceptable sourondings.Did i mention there was damp on the walls in the bathroom.The only positive thing i can say is the location was ok but there was plenty others close by. I will never again stay there.	
Oct 16 2008 	A nice value for money budget hotel.	I booked this hotel for me and my family (trple room) online, BAholidays. Reading the various reviews on tripadvisor, I was not sure what to expect. However, I was pleasantly surprised that the hotel, a 3* property and a budget hotel, was exactly what I had expected for the price I had paid.Early check-in, as requested while booking online, was available when we arrived around 9am and we were in the room without any delay. The room was old, but clean and functional.The earlier review warned about long queues at breakfast, which were non-existent. Even over the weekends, when the hotel was crowded (capacity approx. 1200 rooms), they managed the crowd at the two restaurants - north and south wings, very well and there was hardly any wait.The staff at all levels were smiling, courteous and helpful.It is centrally located with tube stn, bus stops, bank, post office, shops and restaurants within short walking distance.Having said above, just one observation - the privately run coffee shop on the premises should be kept open beyond 7pm.I would use this hotel again and recommend to others, who want to have a budget holiday in Central London.	
Oct 15 2008 	Never Again	I've stayed for 6 nights in this hotel in September (22 - 28)Extremaly noisy! The beds are awful! If you want a place to rest, forget about Royal National.Nevertheless the room wasn't tiny like other hotels in Europe and the shower was very good! The hotel has a nice location indeed and part of the staff is friendly.	
Oct 13 2008 	Noisy Hotel Not a lot of sleep	We booked this hotel for a five day break. Our initial room was on the third floor which overlooked the courtyard and the outside tables of the pub. The noise was incredible with lots of shouting and people within the pub showing no respect for the residents. This caused us not to get any sleep so I complained and asked for another room which we had to move into around midnight. Interestingly they found it easier to move us rather than stop the noise therefore putting profit before guests. About half of the rooms of this hotel overlook the courtyard where the pub is situated and it is very busy. We were put into another room on the fifth floor of the hotel which overlooked the main road. It was noisy but not nearly as bad as that from the pub on the other side. We were wakened several times during the night over the week with people returning to the hotel during the early hours making lots of noise and slamming doors. Rooms were very shabby with very dated decor and breakfast was like school dinners. Management of this hotel should pull their socks up	
Oct 13 2008 	Basic Hotel Great Location	Just returned from a weekend break to London. Stayed in the Royal National Hotel and to be honest didn't know what to expect due to reviews already submitted. We arrived just after 2pm and yes, there were huge queues of people waiting to be checked in, but didn't have to wait for more than 10 minutes due to number of receptionists. The hotel is huge, so don't expect a personal service, however the concierge staff were extremely helpful when we asked them for directions to places etc. The rooms were basic and quite dated (blue/orange carpets, orange bedspreads), but were clean, were of an adequate size and the bathroom was absolutely fine. The location of this hotel is excellent. All major attractions within a 15 minutes walk. Breakfast is a bit of a joke. Due to the number of guests, the restaurant does resemble a canteen. At the end of the day, when you visit London for a break, your not going to be in your hotel that much are you, so overall I would recommend this hotel to anybody wanting a clean, basic, cheap and centrally located hotel.	
Oct 11 2008 	Awful!!	I had a conference booked at this &quot;hotel&quot; for the day,so naturally I thought that it was a good idea to book a room aswell-BIG MISTAKE! From the moment that I arrived at reception to the clumsily-managed check-out not twelve hours later,this place felt like many hotels I have read about in Eastern Germany-before the fall of the Berlin wall. At Check-in,a group of scruffy teenagers in a composited &quot;uniform &quot; milled about behind the desk,seemingly disinterested.When I finally grabbed the attention of one of them,I don't think that she looked up nor smiled more than once during the whole process.Then,a strange thing-payment in ADVANCE please! (no negotiations here).When I arrived at my room,I understood why-dingy and draughty, with ill-fitting old 1970's aluminium windows(single-glazed!).The noise from the square below was very intrusive,as a group of drunken people in the open drinking area at street level began to recount their life-stories within earshot of all.The tiny en-suite bathroom smelt of damp-and so it was! As I prepared to turn in for the night,I heard the drip-drip of a leak from the ceiling above into my bath.I had better accommodation as a student 25 years ago than this! Hard pillows and a lack of even basic creature comforts in this &quot;hotel&quot; made for a fitful nights sleep. Breakfast the following morning was a joke and undigestible-I suspect that prison food is better!This really is an AWFUL hotel-it seems to cater mainly for foreign coach parties arriving late at night and departing in the small hours of the morning(noisily,I might add!).What an impression they must get of our capital! I checked out hurridly,well-before time the next day,vowing NEVER to return to this DUMP again!	
Oct 10 2008 	it was okay	Stayed @ the hotel for a couple of days before taking off on a contiki tour.Not much to say about the hotel. The rooms were clean and cleaned everyday. The british museum is 15 min walk away. russell sqaure station is 5 mintues away.My voltage converter blew, so the hotel loaned me a voltage converter for a couple of days. The only complain I had was the noise level since there was a pub downstairs it got pretty noisy some nights	
Oct 9 2008 	Savvy Seniors	We are seniors aged 73 and 76, and we have stayed at the Royal National 12 times. Aside from rowdy soccer players from Wales one time, we have enjoyed it for what it is. The rooms are small and basic, but they were clean and comfortable. The continental breakfast was acceptable. We can get to the Russell Tube Station in about five minutes, and can be at the West End for theatre in about fifteen minutes. Last time we were there with our son, we booked a triple room. Before we got up for breakfast, he had already been out and gotten theatre tickets for that night. We enjoyed the lighting of the big Christmas tree in Trafalgar Square and the lunc;heon concerts at St. Martin-in-the-Fields. We take the tube, but it is possible to walk from the Royal National to theatre and the British Museum. When we go to London, we spend little time in our room, and we find the Royal National a great bargain.	
Sep 23 2008 	no frills accomodation	I stayed at the Royal National last weekend with my two children. I booked the hotel through an internet company called Alpha rooms- which offers discount hotels, unfortunately when I arrived at the hotel I realised that I would have saved £35.00 if I had booked directly with the hotel. The room was so shabby, but I have to say that the beds were comfortable and although our room overlooked the road, it wasn't noisy, although we did have the window closed, which might not be the case in the summer. We went to breakfast in the morning really looking forward to an English breakfast, we were really disappointed as we had to hover around tables waiting for one to be free, more like a canteen environment than a hotel setting. when we eventually found a table which we had to share with another family I stood in the long queue for a hot breakfast only to be told that unless I paid £4.00 I was only entitled to continental breakfast, which consisted of cold toast piled up on a tray, jam,cereals and tinned pineapple and hard rolls. The plus side of this hotel is its proximity to the tube. I feel if you do not want any luxury and just want a place to sleep with no frills this is the place for you- more like a hostel than a hotel!	
Sep 23 2008 	if you want to sleep don't stay here	if your still intent on staying here take note of the following:-don't turn up for your room until after 2pm - everyone is turned away by unhelpful reception staff - at 2pm everyone turns up and all hell lets loose with everyone trying to book in - no organisationour first room was on first floor - all looked fine until night when we realised being over reception with the constant traffic and the pub overspill tables in the street made for constant noise - television has to be turned up in order to hear it - the windows in the hotel are all single glazed - no sound proofing - the pub noise and music went on until after 3amthe next day i went to reception and was given another room by the staff (no apologies for noise or that we had had no sleep). this time our room was on the 4th floor at another part of the hotel - no pub noise but constant traffic day and night.ps - don't bother with the breakfast either - the tea, coffee was luke warm, the toast hardly touched the toaster, and the fresh oranges were hard. we saw people pay the extra for the cooked english breakfast and leave most of it so does that tell you something?not an experience to repeat - we like a holiday where we can wake up refreshed ready to start the day - only thing brilliant was london itself!!!!!!	
Sep 19 2008	Shabby Hotel	We travelled to London for our 31st Wedding anniversary taking in a show (Mama Mia, (fantastic)) and staying overnight at the Royal National Hotel London, it's central, large where could we go wrong? What a mistake, we had booked at least one month prior to our arrival and checked the box requesting an early check-in (normal check-in is 2.00pm), so, we arrived at 11.00am and approached a very busy reception desk. The young lady receptionist looked at my reservation form and said &quot;come back at two&quot;, I said I had requested an early check-in, &quot;come back at two&quot; was the reply, OK, tired and hungry we ventured into the hotel restaurant which, was very canteen like but not too bad. At 2.00pm we again went to the reception and were checked-in, sent to the third floor to a room where there were two single beds at different areas of the room, the counter top in the bathroom was broken and the whole room was shabby so, back to the reception desk I went and requested another room. This time a different receptionist sent us to another floor to a double bedded room so we moved our luggage (no help of course from the hotel) to the new room, my wife sat on the bed and she sat on the worst matress you could ever imagine, springs sticking almost through the matress cover, back to the reception I went and demanded to speak to a Manager, a young man answered me without moving his head from the papers he was looking at, so I continued requesting another bedroom and informing him of the condition of the second room we had been given, he still spoke to me without looking at me (unbeliveable).Again we were moved to another twin bedded room this time on the fith floor, also again I moved our luggage without help or any offer of help. By now we were really tired so accepted the room.We live in Spain and have travelled extensively through out Spain, as well as the Middle East, and Caribbean and know that &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; but, this hotel is in central London and claiming to be the biggest hotel in London well, &quot;to say the least&quot; we were disgusted with our general treatment and the condition of the rooms but for us, as British citizens, &quot;is this the way we treat tourist to our capital city&quot;. I have complained to the hotel and to BA who recommended the hotel, the reply from the hotel was, well, shabby too. Did I tell you about the breakfast arrangements? no I didn't I'll just say don't stay at the Royal National Hotel.	
Sep 14 2008 	Better than I thought	My father and I recently travelled to London. I booked The Royal National and then read some reviews on here which made me very nervous about my upcoming stay. Well I read a lot of reviews that we much different than my experience. The hotel room was small compared to the North American standards I have come to expect, but there were two beds, a very clean washroom, clean towels every day. The staff were pleasant and accomodating. Our only issue was that after a long over night flight we weren't able to check into our room until 2:00 p.m. The check in line was horrible and long and we encountered a number of pushy travellers. But this was our only negative experience in the hotel the whole week. We had excellent service at the adjoining London Pub, and at the Lobby bar. The porters were very helpful with our numerous questions. Breakfast was a little something to be desired, but after the first day, we just knew to have a bigger lunch. I would say if you're going to London to do as much sight seeing as possible and are looking for a reasonably priced hotel to stay at than this is the one. If you're looking for a North American large hotel with more ammenities than you need, well than you should look somewhere else. If I ever return to London, I would consider staying here again.	
Sep 12 2008	okay i guess	My sister and I stayed here before starting a Contiki Tour.The rooms were very basic and pretty old and tired. The room was clean, and so was the bathroom despite an orange/green coloured shower head with mould growing on the ceiling. This was probably only because there was no fan above the shower though, the rooms were always kept very clean by housekeeping.The reception area is very nice and the staff are friendly. I would recommend checking out some of the hostels in the area however, as the price here is way above what it should be asking. I'd heard mixed reviews about this place before i went, i think there are a mixture of old and more updated rooms so its pretty much up to how lucky you are as to what you will be staying in!	
Sep 11 2008 	Not bad for the money!	Having read some of the reviews about this hotel I was tempted to cancel.Overall, the 3 night stay was very good. The hotel is in a good location for sightseeing.The rooms were clean and tidy but the decor was dated.The food that we had there was very good, although you did have to queue for breakfast, and we were asked to show our passes 2 - 3 times whilst collecting our food.I think that the prices are cheap and you have to expect to get what you pay for !I certainly wouldn't rule it out for another short break.	
Sep 8 2008 	Very basic but not as bad as people make out	We got a bargain from out local travel agent (£109 for two nights including return train journey, full English breakfast each morning and a 3 course evening meal on first night) however, after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor I was dreading my visit but decided to keep an open mind.I'm glad that I did. Yes it was basic....very basic....but it was clean and for the amount of time we planned to be in the hotel it did not matter. We were out all day.The staff were friendly. I think that it all depends on the way that they are treated. We were very friendly with them and treated them with respect and courtesy which was was returned. However we witnessed other people being quite curt and unfriendly with the staff and the staff were understandably less friendly with them.We can't fault the food. We had our free meal in the Pavilion and it was superb. First course: Soup (Minesterone...it was okay as soups go)Second Course: Roast beef (I got huge slabs of tender lovely meat) and my friend got Roast chicken, which again was a huge portion...half a chicken with moist juicy meat). The vegetables were delicious (not too hard and not too soft) as was the lovely gravy.Third course: Black Forest Gateau and Carrot cake. Nice and moist. Very good.Our breakfast was also very good and the lady who served us was very generous with the bacon. We arrived about 7:00am each morning and it was nice and quiet with no queues. Our bedroom was overlooking the main courtyard where the coaches arrived at all hours and the people getting on and off the coaches were very noisy. I would have preferred to have had a room overlooking the main road instead which would have been considerably quieter. However there was little or no noise in the hotel itself.Better double glazing would have helped with the noise problem. Also the rooms really could do with a lick of paint and some better furniture. We decided to keep our clothes in the case rather than put them in the drawers and wardrobe which were rather shabby.Overall, for the price it was very good value for money, especially for a central London hotel.I would happily stay there again (for the price we paid. Otherwise, for price you cannot beat Travellodge, Travel Inn type places for cost and cleanliness).	
Sep 3 2008	I stay here time and again.......	I stayed here in feburary when I took my son to London for his birthday.I stayed here before so knew what to expect. Yes it's a basic , cheap hotel, Which is why I choose it over and over again. It's ideally situated, close to the tube station. The staff ( most of) were helpful.The rooms are basic, but clean. We never stayed for breakfast, only on the last morning, I thought, while it was busy , the breakfast was fine.It's a great place for those on a budget.We are going over to London again in october, guess where we are staying?Mel ( Ireland)	
Aug 31 2008 	Just Awful	The only thing good about this place is its location, right off the Russell Square tube - apart from that it was terrible. I would stay in the vicinity again, but would avoid this place.Checking in was fine and the hotel lobby did look promising but once we were away from there the rest was terrible. The rooms were poky, small and more like a youth hostel. No haridryer provided - £20 deposit for a naff one and ironing facilities were limited to ironing rooms where the ironing boards were chained to the walls.The room was very warm but we had to have the curtains closed a lot for privacy as other people staying could see right in - we certainly had an eyeful of someone on another floor!!Breakfast was like a bun fight with everyone scrabbling for tables and food, it was complete chaos and leaving your seat to get your food meant you probably wouldn't have a seat when you got back. We skipped breakfast preferring to pay elsewhere for the rest of our stay.Beware if you are told there are leisure facilities - they aren't at the hotel, its a leisure club down the road and at £8 per person per visit its pretty steep for a swim!!If this is a 3* standard hotel I dread to think what a 1 or 2* would be. We did book as a base but it would have been nice to have somewhere comfortable to rest our heads at night. Very expensive for what it was - the hotel is massive and that is probably its biggest downfall.	
Aug 29 2008	Better Than I Thought	I stayed at the Royal National Hotel for one night before my Contiki trip, and for one night after. I didn't really know what to expect at all, as I hadn't heard anything either way, and all I wanted was a clean, comfortable room and a bed to sleep in the night before my tour. I would have to say that it was very handy for location (so near to the Tube, only a few minutes walk), for the Contiki basement (where they helped you organise everything for your tour), and for the nearness to everything in London (the tour buses parked literally right outside the hotel, and there were so many restaurants nearby, plus the British Museum is only around the corner!) I didn't have to do anything at the lobby because practically everything was organised by the Basement, so it was like an entire separate hotel- but I really wish they had a lift leading down to it, because trying to drag your suitcase up and down those steep stone steps was a killer- I literally nearly fell down them! I thought it was confusing having a lobby on both sides of the courtyard- I never knew which side to go into, which was especially confusing the first time when I wasn't used to the hotel and had to collect my key! Apart from that, everything in the hotel was really convienient- there were shops, including a gift shop, in the hotel itself, and a restaurant, which was very handy when you hadn't much time to wander around looking for shops and restaurants. The corridors were dark and gloomy, and extremely long, but once I was inside my room I thought it was really nice- I didn't find them cramped or gloomy or dirty at all. I thought they were spacious and bright, and I liked the way they had the beds at opposite sides and ends of the room, so it felt like you had more space. I also liked the extra table, the TV and the coffee and tea maker- it was one of the only hotels I stayed in that had one of these! The bathroom was small but clean, and nice enough, and the shower I got was up very high- and I knew what people meant about the water pressure!- but there were no actual problems. I didn't have any problems checking in, and although I'd booked a twin room for less expense, they didn't put anyone sharing with me that first night- it didn't make any difference, I just thought it was strange. The last night, after my trip, there was a girl sharing the room with me, and she told me that although she'd requested to share with her friend, they'd put them in different rooms, which I thought was bad of them, even though it didn't affect me. The key cards were a bit awkward- I found it very hard to open the door with them- but maybe it was just me, not being able to get the hang of them. I didn't find it noisy at night at all- I found it very peaceful- but I'm sure the next morning it was, when all the Contiki travellers were gathered in the courtyard laughing and roaring like they were still drunk! But I was out with them anyway- I pity anyone trying to have a lie-on! I was worried about sleeping it out and missing the coach, as I'd have to make my own way, but the reception staff kept their promise about giving me a wake-up call, so I couldn't fault them on that. For all the people complaining how it was noisy, I think they should be aware that it is a Contiki hotel, and that hordes of young people will be staying there, especially during the summer. It's not a place to go to if you want peace and quiet!The only real complaint I have about the Royal National was the way I was treated by one of the staff on my last day. It was after my tour had finished and I was staying the one extra night- I didn't actually realise I had to check out by a certain time in the morning, and when I found my room locked, and panicked that I'd be late for my flight, I was verbally attacked by the woman behind the counter, who ranted about how they needed my room and that 'ignorance was no excuse.' I can well understand that it was my own fault, I couldn't blame them for me forgetting, but it was the way that woman spoke to me. Whatever happened to being polite to your guests, and not directly blaming them for anything? She was speaking to me like I was a naughty schoolgirl, and that scolding attitude put me off the Royal National a bit. I know it's a year ago now, but I thought speaking to their guests that way was a bit uncalled-for, especially when it was a genuine mistake.Other than that, I found nothing to be wrong at the Royal National, although I can see why other people mightn't be so keen,with the smallness and the crowds. But it was better than a lot of the other hotels, hostels and cabins I stayed in on my trip around Europe!	
Aug 29 2008 	basic but fine	when i read reviews on this site i almost cancelled our booking but my husband said we should give it a go, and im glad i listened to him. Yes its basic but the staff are friendly and helpfull room was clean but warm and quiet, breakfast was busy but there was plenty of food for everyone location is perfet for tube and amenities it all depends what your expecting i guess but if you want just a base for sightseeing i recommend you go there	
Aug 28 2008 	Very disappointing	Just returned from 2 night stay at the not so 'Royal' National Hotel. On arrival with 2 young children had to carry 2 suitcases, pram and 2 tired children up 4 flights of stairs from car park. When we asked at reception if there was a lift they were almost gleeful in telling us 'No!' and no offer of help. The lifts in the main building had 2 out of service the whole stay. The staff were by far the most consistently rude and unhelpful I have ever come across on any stay in any country I have visited. I emailed the hotel 3 days prior to our arrival to request that we could check in early or leave our luggage and change somewhere as we had theatre tickets for a matinee show, we never got a reply. On asking at reception they told us this was not possible and all we could do was take our luggage to another building and get changed in the toilets - that's 4 * service isn't it!The rooms were OK but old, the restaurant or should I say School Dinner Hall was 1*. Queue up with a tray, be given poor quality food and then try and find a seat on a row on cheap grubby tables. I do not recommend this hotel to anyone and with the vast number of Hotels to choose from it would not be difficult to find one that meets its star rating.	
Aug 27 2008 	Well situated great value	Stayed for two nights with my fiancee over the bank holiday. Friendly, helpful staff. Breakfast was okay. Room was clean and spacious. Had second thoughts about going after reading other reviews, but glad we did. A great time was had by all :)	
Aug 26 2008 	value for money	spent one night here with a theatre break like alot of others was dreading walking into room after reading reviews but all was fine. Stayed on 2nd floor room was clean, great location if you just want a base and you want to spend you time sightseeing and not stuck in a hotel room then this is fine. For what we paid for theatre tickets and one nights stay price was very good value for money. Was a bit niosy but then you are in the middle of london so it is to be expected.	
Aug 24 2008 	Never ever again	I agree with all the negative comments from previous reviewers. Arrived at Royal National 18th August for 4 nights, my husband, 2 children and myself. After having to wait 2 hours before we could check in we got to our room to find the door wide open, together with the window - carpet had just been cleaned ,it was soaken wet - informed housekeeper who had come to our room to check that extra bed had been brought, she just shrugged her shoulders and way she went. Room very basic (whole place could do with a lick of paint)no complimentary toiletries in bathroom, 3 towels for 4 of us and you had to be very careful with the extra thin toilet roll! Came to make cup of tea, only to find when pouring kettle loads of brown bits came out with water, what a smell,the kettle was well passed de-scaling stage it was ready for the bin. Hotel is in a great location but very very noisy through the night. Breakfast was a total nightmare,room far to small for such a big hotel, could'nt find clean table anywhere, trays and dishes were piling up,staff were just wandering around as though at a loose end, staff in hotel were not the most pleasant of people either and did'nt seem very well trained.To top it all the day before we were due to leave, we were having breakfast in the windsor room when my bag is stolen from right under my nose, with all sorts in, never to be found, felt absolutely dreadful, got the impression staff did'nt want to be bothered with the incident, except one gentleman on concierge who helped all he could.I would never stay here again, if it was the last hotel in the country. I dont expect standards to be that low in hotels in England.	
Aug 17 2008 	great trip	I stayed at the Royal National on 11th August for 2 nights with my teenage son. After reading the reviews I was dreading it, but was pleasantly surprised. The hotel was large and busy, but our room was clean and there was no excessive night time noise. Breakfast was very crowded but plentiful and the hotel is really well situated for the tube. We left our suitcase at the hotel on the last day to enjoy sightseeing and the charge was only 50p! I call that extremely good value. Would stay there again, it was not a luxury hotel, but then neither was the price!	
Aug 16 2008	Sleepless Nights at the 1 star Royal National	The Royal National is an unattractive facility meriting at best a one star (not three) rating. Families should avoid it. The courtyard is strewn with paper. There are no couches in the lobby to sit on. The carpets in the building are dirty and the paint in many places is peeling. Some of the bathroom fixtures are rusty and there are bugs running around. The cleaning crew does not change the bedding daily. The hotel faces busy streets on both sides and the windows are made of thin glass. To make matters worse every evening hundreds of twenty five year olds with tour groups stream into this hotel. At night, the adjacent streets are filled with these loud, drunken teenagers well into the early hours of the morning. We witnessed the police take one teenager away. The room we were assigned was on the second floor above one of the two bars the hotel hosts. Between the traffic and brawling it was impossible to sleep until late into the morning.Breakfast was disgusting. The breakfast area is filthy and finding a place to sit down is next to impossible. Every morning the hundreds of tour groups eat here leaving food on the tables, floor, and around the food area. The staff cannot work fast enough to clean it up. The hot breakfast is no better since it is pretty greasy. Unlike other hotels in England this hotel does not offer fresh fruit in the morning probably for fear too many people would take one away. Do not be lured by British Airways’ offer to stay at this hotel. There are many other large hotels in the area which are much more attractive, on quieter streets and cost approximately the same. There are also many smaller hotels and bed and breakfasts within a block or two which go for similar prices. Unfortunately, we were locked into the Royal National because British Airways uses a voucher system which cannot be cancelled without forfeiture. We asked that the first night be reimbursed but British Airways really didn’t care.	
Aug 13 2008	My family of three had a great 4-day stay!	When I booked, I almost cancelled because of the large number of negative comments in the reviews. I had a great stay on the fourth floor facing the &quot;scenic&quot; courtyard, from July 22 to 25th, 2008. This hotel is well situated, Americam fast food (like Pizza Hut) being 100yards walk, and a beautiful shopping plaza directly opposite on the other side of the street. The room was very clean, the staff very professional and nice and the food in the hotel's Indian Restaurant great!. The food in he hotel's regular restaurant was also very tasty but a little expensive, except for the daily special. In London, I stayed a number of times at the 5-star Royal Lancaster at Bayswater, so I know about 'class hotels' in London. You can't get better accomodations and service for this price! The Royal National is a great tourist hotel. I have stayed in hotels on a number of continents. I certainly will recommend it to friends travelling to London, who don't want to spend big bucks but want a nice, centrally-located hotel.And here's my contribution. If your room is not ready when you arrive, and the weather is nice, store your luggage and go have lunch in the wonderful park to the right of the hotel's entrance! That's a nice way to unwind from a transatlantic flight!Dr. Albert S Ferguson, J.P.Nassau, The Bahamasalbertsferguson@gmail.com	
Aug 10 2008	Don't expect anything spectacular	When I arrived, there was a huge check-in line up... but good thing I was with a Contiki tour. All I had to do is lug my suitcase down to the basement, get a voucher, and then bring it all the way back up and give it to the conceirge desk (where there was no line)... I think I would rather have stayed in the line. Anyways, got to my room and it was nothing special. It was clean, and its pretty centrally located; easy access to the Russell Square metro station. The bathroom was alright, and the shower head was extremely powerful, so watch out.	
Aug 10 2008 	from scarborough north yorkshire. our visit to london	came with my wife and 2 children we were very happy staying 4 nights in the royal national hotel , room was really clean ,breakfast ok and location for the tube was brill, evening meal was nice in the hotel too .really enjoyed it would go back and stay there again.	
Aug 6 2008	Not that bad - I've stayed in worse!	It's basic, fairly clean but in need of a lick of paint. However, the hotel location is superb with most city centre attractions within walking distance. I have stayed in much worse than this so I would say keep an open mind and don't forget to pack your ear plugs!	
Aug 6 2008 	ticked all boxes	just returned from a 3 day jaunt with 7 girl friends, i had booked the trip myself and was horrified at some of the reviews, dont take any notice. If you want 5* then this is not the one for you but it was clean, central to everything it had a pub joined on called the london pub where we ate one night and it was fine, like i said it wasnt the ritz but it was fine and we ended the night with a drink here everynight. If i was to moan about anything it would be the check in system which could be better for a large hotel, and the tables werent cleared very swiftly at breakfast time which when there is a lot of people to cater is essential. Iwouldnt recommend for a family with young children say under 12s due to large amounts of younger age group 18-25, but on saying that they were no trouble. MY TOP TIP - request a room NOT overlooking main entrance as this is also where you find the pub and could be noisy untill after midnight. On the whole a cheap and cheerful hotel but with al you need for a base.	
Aug 5 2008 	It may be the worst hotel you ever stay at!	This hotel is Fawlty Towers on a grand scale (and without the humour). It should be your hotel of last choice in London, despite the fact it is well located in Bloomsbury close to the Russell Square tube station. I certainly agree with the previous reviewer who said youth hostels were a better option. I have stayed at two-star hotels in rural Peru that were decidedly better.After flying all night we showed up at the Royal National in the morning and were told to return at 3:00 pm to check in. Anticipating that many others would also be checking in, we decided to give them an extra hour and returned at 4:00 pm to find 5 lines of people attempting to check in, with more than 20 families or groups in each line. The harrowing check-in took well over an hour (with staff readily and vocally agreeing with furous people who shouted in various languages that this was the worst service they had experienced at any hotel in the world). In the end we were given a room that was the opposite of what was described, e.g., they took great pains to tell us how lucky we were to be getting a double bed (in accordance with our request) but in fact gave us a room with twin beds. The room was akin to a substandard student dormatory. But by the time you get the room you just give up and accept whatever it is. The staff is young and untrained and try to be helpful but the systems and management of the hotel are so unbelievably bad that they can do nothing. The breakfast is pretty awful. The room phones to call the front desk do not work. Then if you go to front desk you are in for a 20 minute wait, behind many others who also have justifiable complaints. Your choice is to accept the place or to spend your days in London waiting futilely to complain to hotel management. All in all, staying at the Royal National is a memorably bad experience. Yet there were thousands of people staying there. Is it possible that this is standard fare for London hotels at 90 pounds a night? If so, it would be a better strategy to spend half as long in London and pay twice as much to stay somewhere (anywhere) else!	
Aug 4 2008 	NOT value for money	Sorry folks but this is more like a £40/night hostel room which I paid £90 for.My online booking for a double room became a twin room and trying to resolve was too much like fuss for the reception staff. Once in the room I was not impressed - people's hair in the bath, sinks and on the bed; very much in need of a major overhaul and refurbishment. The bathroom is tiny and in need of a good scrub.My window will not close and Iron is an ironing 'room' on only 3 floors of one building (of which there are 2 seperated by a courtyard - yes, you have to take your ironing across the yard, past the open air pub and up the stairs to the ironing room).I have only been here one of the two nights I am staying. I will not come back tomorrow from my place of work until I am fed and probably well 'oiled'. This hotels only use is a last minute bed - dont expect any comforts! On the plus side not too far from Covent Garden (10 minute walk, only 5 if you run) and other amenities.You have been warned.	
Aug 3 2008	Nice for a short trip	Enjoyable hotel, but way too many rooms! My friend and I have been lost during 30 minutes at the same floor looking for our room.	
Jul 27 2008 	What a dump!	I don't even know where to begin. I booked a twin and a triple room for two nights in this 'hotel' for a special occasion we were attending in London. for a bargain price of £390. The location for our event was perfect but otherwise I was utterly disappointed with this hotel. Upon arrival to our rooms one bed had chewing gum stuck to it, the other had burn marks on it, the shower was hanging off the wall and even if it was attched only people less than 5 foot could stand under it without bending, there were two towels for three people, there was other peoples belongings down the side of the desk and overall we were not happy. A similar situation occured with our twin room, lack of towels, no kettle, dirty bed sheets etc. We rang reception who assured us they would send up towels asap and that we could speak to the manager later that eveing regarding our concerns. We then proceeded to the self service restaurant. There was 8+ waiting staff standing around none of which offered any help or showed us what the procedure was. We went over to ask and eventually somebody explained. The three course meal was like pig slop. A measly selection of salad to start, followed by beef like a rubber boot or battered cod without the cod and a chicken curry that tasted of nothing. Dessert was the choice of two cakes. Oh and if you wanted a drink, it was not included. It was at this point that I decided I had had enough and approached the reception desk to ask to speak to a manager to be told they left at 5pm (it was now 7pm). I eventually spoke to the reception supervisor who was unwilling to help at all. I also found out that the reception number on the phone isn't the reception number of the hotel but somewhere else! He again said towels and a kettle would be sent up but none were. He also informed us we were staying in the refurbished area of the hotel - he nearly had to pick me up off the floor! Breakfast was bearable, though the toast was like rubber, the tea a gastly grey colour and the service was unfriendly, slow and unacceptable.The tip of the iceberg was when we found someone else trying to get in our room - they had double booked us! Luckily we got to stay in our rooms.When you look at the description of this hotel it sounds great, but overall it was a dump. I have travelled all over the world and the youth hostels I have stayed in have been far superior to this and for alot less money. Yet again I was disappointed with what our country can get away with. What must people arriving after long flights think when the first glimpse of london they see is this place. A disgrace!	
Jul 25 2008	Busy!	We stayed at the Royal National Hotel as a school trip to London, after looking at photos and reading reviews i was dreading going into the hotel, and when our bus drove into the hotel i thought i was entering a youth hostel in amsterdam. However the reception area was pleasant and staff were helpful. When me and two of my friends entered our room we were pleasantly surprised, the room was large and not dirty. However we were warned not to open the window incase we fell the drop to the pavement. The hotel was situated on a noisy street and ambulances/police cars were constantly driving past with their alarms on! It was almost impossible to sleep through it. Also beware of the bathroom doors, they do not have locks. We seemed to have the worst door as fellow friends had a proper door and we had a sliding one which had come off of its hinges at the bottom, and therefore swung. The &quot;continental breakfast&quot; which comes included in your stay is some cheap cereal or some cold white toast, and on the other side of the room there is full english breakfast which you have to pay for!! Also we couldnt get into our room most of the time as the door stuck!Beware of the toilets in reception area! They stink of urine!	
Jul 24 2008 	Great location	Stayed at the Royal National for 3 nights with two girl friends.The hotel was EXTREMELY busy, I have actually never come accross a hotel that was bustling with so many people.All ages groups from young to very old will find this to be a great cheap hotel.Rooms were not very quiet, could hear the traffic all night, but i think London would be like that no matter where you stay. It didn't disturb our sleep though, was just noticable in the background.Beds were comfortable, nothing special but the hotel is very cheap so it didn't bother us for what we were paying. Rooms were small, but again most are in London.Continental Breakfast was included in our rate, however you could upgrade to buffet for a couple of pounds. Well worth it.Hotel was only about a 200-300 metre walk from the tube, so easily accessable, we caught the tube straight from the Heathrow airport.Great pub down stairsContiki tours actually start from this hotel, so if you or any friends are going on one, and you need to meet up afterwards, it is a great place to stay.	
Jul 23 2008 	Won't use this hotel again!	Booked this hotel as part of my package from Superbreak.com , actually they arranged it so it's near when we wanted to go. When we got there we had to join these long queues to check in and that took about half an hour, the room was ok but I requested for double bed but we had twin beds instead and when I called them they said you just get what's available on the day, there is no guarantee.Anyway the worst of all we could not get to sleep until past 2 o'clock in the morning as there were a big group of people in the courtyard drinking and shouting even though we were on the highest floor still could hear them very clearly, we tried to close the windows but because there was no air conditioning in the room, it was so hot so we had to have it opened. We would not go back there again and it was not good valuable for money either.	
Jul 22 2008	OK if you can't get somewhere else in London	Needing a late-booked room for the night, ended up with a double here for £83. It was a basic but clean room, light on toiletries with a fairly basic bathroom, but it was certainly not the worst place I've stayed in London. The hotel's Indian restaurant wasn't bad nor was the lobby bar with free wi-fi, but the breakfast was terrible. It is bustling with tour parties so get a room at the end of a corridor for peace and quiet.	
Jul 20 2008	Barely the basics	This &quot;hotel&quot; and the service provided was more like a youth hostel...although I have stayed in cleaner and nicer youth hostels! After arriving in London after an over 7 hour flight we were not allowed to check in until 2pm. When we returned back at 2pm we then had to wait in a huge line in the lobby for check-in for almost an hour and a half, having not slept in almost 2 days (my siblings were sleeping on the lobby carpet at this point)! The front desk staff were not helpful at all and only provided the bare minimum service. The room was passable (again, more youth hostel quality), but there was wallpaper peeling off the wall and paint peeling off the bathroom ceiling (also no toiletries provided except soap). The &quot;continental breakfast&quot; was PATHETIC-half toasted thin pieces of bread, packaged jams, cereal and canned fruit...most of the time it was very difficult to find the basics such as cutlery and there were dirty tables all over the place with abandoned meals/dishes. Overall I would recommend this hotel to tour groups and students only.	
Jul 19 2008 	Very basic and noisy	The location was excellent, but the accommodation only very basic.Don't expect an early check in, although we requested it ,our plane arrived at 0630 from Canada but we had to wait until 2pm to check in (along with another 100 or so weary travellers)The continental breakfast was fine however finding a seat in the dining room proved to be quite a challenge.Keep in mind that this is a very busy hotel with lots of young people, expect it to be noisy because the kids dont go to bed until the wee hours!Dianne ROntario, Canada	
Jul 17 2008 	Basic - but perfectly fine	I just want to say to all who are planning to stay here - that this is the hotel where all the CONTIKI TRAVELLERS stay before and after their tours. aka. 18-35 year olds.I was perfectly fine staying at the Royal National. I only stayed two nights - once before, and once after my tour. The first room I was in, the shower came out like a jet, so you couldn't stand directly under it... but other than that, no complaints.Basic hotel.	
Jul 13 2008 	Great Location and that is all!!	We got the two nights for free by travelling BA! There is certainly no such thing as a free lunch! I agree with all the negative comments made by other reviewers. I feel that if they just started by improving the registration system their guests would be in a better frame of mind. Loads of rooms were ready to be occupied by 11 am. We know as we were there the second day, but they have no system where the cleaners can communicate this to the front desk. Consequently you have to wait until 2 and then join a HUGE queue to register. We were lucky and lined up at 1:30 but there were hundreds of people behind us!! This place has 800 rooms with tour buses arriving and disgorging huge groups of people every five minutes!! It's pathetic!! I don't know how the desk staff stay so pleasant. Everyone is exhausted from an overseas flight and angry that they can't get into their rooms.Now, once in the room, we were sort of satisfied. The bathroom had a great tub and shower and was clean. But it had no exhaust fan and mould was forming on the ceiling from the excess humidity. Beds were cheap but our sheets were clean but thin. The biggest problem was the noise from the coutyard over which our room looked. Everyone comes and goes there, as do taxis and buses and it's really noisy. That same courtyard gets even noisier at night as youths get drunk in the pub and shout and sing until the wee hours. Also unchaperoned teens visit each other all night and the corridors reverberate with their shouting and carrying on. Getting to sleep is impossible. Youth hostels in my experience are quieter.And the breakfast was scarily inedible. It resembled food but tasted like cardboard. Disgusting.The only good thing about the place was the location. However, British Airways should be ashamed to promote this hotel with free accommodation and they are getting my next letter!! And I'd love to see if the management have ever responded to any of these negative reviews. Probably not. The place is a license to print money!	
Jul 9 2008 	It really is as bad as the reviews - don't even think about it	I stayed here for two nights from 4th - 6th July and it was the WORST place I've ever stayed - it basically is like a soviet youth hostel. It's really really shabby and the most basic place imaginable. My friend who booked it took the recommendation of a friend who said it was basic and clean. It was neither. The place is huge and full of tour groups -loads of teenagers around I count myself lucky that we didn't have to share a floor with them. The worst thing of all was the noise - at 5am it was alike a riot outside - either people coming home from a night out or tour buses leaving for the airport or both but it was sooooo loud. Even during the evening its unbelievably noisy because the hotel has two towers overlooking a 'courtyard' which has pubs and restuants around it - horrendous. Plus the window in our room didn't shut properly. There was a huge stain on the ceiling - from a leak ten years ago presumably. The doors were paper thin and there was not even a hairdryer. There are so many great deals on London hotels do not be tempted for a second to book here. Whilst it is near Russell Square tube staton - loads of hotels in London are well situated for transport links so don't let this attract you. Sleeping in Hyde Park would be preferable.	
Jul 8 2008 	Give this one a miss	After a long drive from Wales, my family had not expected the reception we received from the Royal National's Front Desk staff - rude and unprofessional. There were seven of us and staff informed us the rooms would suitably accommodate us. The two rooms we were given did not even have enough beds. My two sons, husband and I pushed the two beds (one single and one double) together and we just crashed out from tiredness. The bathroom looked like something out of a third-world country, it didn't have shampoo, and the shower was hardly that. Breakfast was cafeteria style and awful. We stayed one night - much too long.	
Jul 3 2008 	A huge youth hotel	Stayed here three nights with my husband and son June 2008. We looked for a triple room [3 adults] in good connections concerning the transportation - yes, and with reasonable costs. We got this one for 440 Euros/3 nights [327 £]. The first disappointment was, that Russel square underground was closed during that specific weekend. Therefore, had to walk all the way from Holborn station. But still, this is in very good connection from Healthrow with Piccadilly line without any changes. The impression of the hotel was not very enthusiastic: we thought that the standard of the hotel didn´t meet with 3 stars. The elevator was from 1970ies, the room was not very clean - although there was space enough and the toilet was much better than the room itself... No hair dryer, no shampoos etc. But later on, when we found the number 7 bus leaving from Russell Square very close to the hotel and ending in Oxford street the atmosphere became better. Saturday/Sunday night with a lot of noise, but other 2 nights very calm. So, all in all, I would suggest this one to youngsters and those who are not that strict with esthetic issues.  And London itself was perfect: with sales in Harrolds, nice Hard Rock Concert in Hyde Park with even possibility to see the Police without paying any fees...	
Jul 3 2008	Great Value for money	I stayed at this hotel for a few days last October. I though that the hotel was great value for money, very clean and the location was great! Will def go back to this hotel next time I go to London!	
Jul 2 2008 	Stay Away!	This is, without a doubt, the most horrible hotel I have ever had the displeasure of booking. I booked a four night stay through BA Holidays and didn't even stay for 4 hours. We arrived on Friday (6/27) at around noon and even though we had requested early check-in since our flight arrived in London at 9:30 AM, we were still not allowed to check in until 2 PM. We knew we weren't going to be staying at the Four Seasons, but this place was gross!When we got in the room, I took off my flip-flops but immediately put them back on because the carpet was disgusting. The sheets were threadbare and dirty. The bedding itself looked like it hadn't been replaced in 25 years. The lighting was horrible, the mattresses thin and uncomfortable, there were no toiletries to speak of and there was no air conditioning. I understand that a/c is not yet something that all establishments in the UK have, but that led to a most unpleasant and musty smell even after the windows were opened.Needless to say we left practically immediately. We moved to the Thistle Kensington Gardens which, for $25 more per night, was an absolute dream.The pictures make this place look nice, but don't be fooled!	
Jun 28 2008 	Oh the noise noise noise noise!!	We got 2 nights here&quot;free&quot; with a British Airways package deal - I think it was over-priced. The place is a giant backpacker's hostel full of noise. We could hear every word of the conversation in the next door room (normal voices) and loud yelling in the corridors seemingly all night every night. The included &quot;continental breakfast&quot; was awful - toasted thin white bread, plastic jam, cheap cereal washed down with coffee &amp; tea neither of which tasted like coffee or tea.The Royal National is in a great location (the street outside is also noisy and the windows single glazed) with Russel Square tube 100 yards away and loads of buses. The walk to Covent Garden and Regents Park won't kill you. Front desk staff very friendly and helpful. But that's not much help if you are kept awake all night, the beds are uncomfortable and the breakfast isn't worth eating (lots of local cafes offer a decent breakfast for 5 pounds a head).On a more positive note, the room was decently large for London and the shower had oodles of pressure, height and hot water.The adjoining &quot;London Pub&quot; is an insult to the name. Go down Southampton Row to the Queens Larder.	
Jun 27 2008 	Kids	We have just returned from 1 night at the Royal National. Luckily enough it was only one night. We had travelled to london for a 1 day course, so were looking forward to a nice nights rest before our course the following day, but unfortunately that did not happen because of children running riot up and down the corridors banging on the room doors, and a party in the adjacent room. The free full english breakfast had a lot to be desired. It was like staying in a youth hostel. The location of the hotel was perfect for our needs, but we will certainly not be returning to this hotel.	
Jun 25 2008 	Great Value	We stayed at this hotel through a British Airways package deal. The deal was $500 - round trip and 2 nights at this hotel. So for the price, it wasn't that bad. I'm aware of British hotels being completely different than US hotels, but I was disappointed in the lack of cleanliness at the hotel. They advertised continental breakfast, but that means a container of bread (perhaps it was supposed to be toast?) and a can of OJ. We ate later in the morning and the breakfast room was very dirty. The bathroom was not terribly clean. We were, however, impressed with the size of the room. The location was great - close to the Russell Square tube stop and not far from the British Museum and the Eurostar. If there was a great deal, I might do it again, but I'd be tempted to look elsewhere to find something cleaner.	
Jun 25 2008 	Great location	Hotel is easy to get to from the Russell Square underground station. Exit the station and turn left, keep walking. Later you will need to turn right. The hotel website gives good directions.Very well priced too. The hotel is a large tourist hotel and there are many tourist buses that stay here. There is free continental breakfast.Many sight seeing buses will pick up from this hotel.If you arrive early, you can leave your bag there in the storage room for free, however if you are checking out and you want to leave your bags there until later, you have to pay to keep them in the storage room. About 50 pence per bag.The reception also is not 24 hours, it opens at 7 or 7.30am in the morning so if you need to check out earlier you have to give your keys to the concierge and make sure you settle any bills the night before.All in all, good location, rooms are also a good size and there are lifts. There are 2 building for this hotel, so make sure you enter the right building for your room.	
Jun 16 2008 	make you're own mind up	we stayed at the royal national hotel for a weekend shopping and theatre break. like another guest we were pleasently surprised after reading some of the reviews, this hotel is busy 24/7 with all nationalities and ages. Rooms very clean and we had clean towels every day. Great location for theatres shopping and public transport, we booked London Eye tickets at the reception which saved us queueing. The restaurant is also busy and a bit like being back at school but the food is good enough and breakfast is worth having. we got good value for money and for a weekend break it is in the perfect location. A warning though don,t expect 4 star accomodation at 3 star prices because you wont get it at the Royal National Its a good 3 star extremley busy hotel and it is what it is , so if you want a good clean accessible hotel with no frills then book the Royal National if you are looking for more then i would give it a miss.	
Jun 11 2008 	“Good value!”	This hotel is easy to get to by train and bus. The hotel staff/reception were also very friendly and helpful.The rooms were basic but clean and cheap. The full breakfast is also definitely worth getting! It's not good for a romantic getaway but definitely great for tourists who just want somewhere clean, safe &amp; comfortable to stay in.The only thing I can say is that it's located on a main road, so it can be a tad bit noisy if you're a light sleeper. But even saying this, I'd definitely stay there again for convenience and good value.	
Jun 6 2008 	brilliant basic hotel	we had read some bad reviews about this place but were pleasently suprised when we got there. location is great, right round the corner from the tube.room was really nice, spacious with a big window. shower and bath which was all really clean. it was perfect for our weekend away! the breakfast que was a bit long but it is the largest hotel in london! we went to the indian all you can eat restuarant which was quiet and nice. went to a great bar just round the corner and had a brill night out, the london pub attached to the hotel was also fun, got busy and lively on a night and did good food!overall - great value for money!!	
Jun 4 2008 	Not Royalty but it will do	The Royal National is one of the biggest and busiest hotels in London and yet still maintains high accomodation standards. The room (including bathroom) are clean and spacious. There isn't too much of a view except the courtyard but we will not looking for a view from the room. The location is perfect - 3 minutes walk from Russell Square tube station (on the Picadilly line). The staff at reception were extremely helpful and friendly. The only complaint I have is the breakfast service. The cuttlery and dishes were not cleaned properly. This is something thr Royal should improve on.	
Jun 1 2008 	Somewhere to lay down your head	My sister booked this hotel as a one night base after going to a West End show as a birthday treat. Easy to find once you come out of the subway as Russel Square. We checked in with no problems and found our rooms easily. Our rooms were clean and tidy - basic but on the whole no problems. We all had a lovely hot bath (watch the water - red hot) and left for the west end. Breakfast the next day filled us all up ( you really can have as much as you can eat!)and we were able to leave our suitcases safely for the whole day which ment we could explore London without baggage. Overall no complaints 'cheap n cheerful'.	
May 31 2008	Not the best but it served it's purpose	I spent 6 nights at the hotel May 22-28th as part of a college theater trip arranged through a travel agency. The hotel was clean enough, we didn't have any problems, we had a relatively quiet room. It is an older hotel with small rooms/beds and probably if I had gone to London by myself and not as a part of an arranged tour I would not have stayed there since they cater to youth groups. All of the young people (I am a 62 year old grandmother) were very polite. Mainly we only slept and bathed (the shower worked great) in the hotel, we were busy enjoying London (great city!). The free breakfast was sufficient, dry cereals, toast, fruit, juice, coffee &amp; tea. The coffee was below par in my opinion. I found good coffee (and a very pleasant staff) in the London Coffee shop in the hotel courtyard for 1 pound 30 pence so I went there and had 2 cups of coffee before going to breakfast each day. Our room did not look out over the busy courtyard, I can see how that would be noisy since you have to sleep with the window open, there's no A/C, tour busses are arriving 24/7 to load and unload. I found the hotel personnel friendly and helpful. There is a ATM and snack machines in the lobby. Yes, I would stay there again as part of a group tour but no, if I arranged my own trip I would pay a bit more and book a more spacious and modern hotel.	
May 31 2008 	It is what it is	We stayed at the Royal National for 3 nights as we got 2 nights free when we booked our airfare with BA. While it is certainly not a top-notch hotel, I was pleasantly surprised based on my last experience in a London hotel (The Leisure Inn) where we had an electrical fire in our room. Our rooms (2 nights in a double and 1 night in a triple) were spacious by London standards, as was our bathroom - the toilet was in a separate room from the shower &amp; sink. The location is excellent - just a block from the Russell Square tube station and the staff was friendly. The hotel is a bit noisy and crowded - it seems as though this hotel is used by a lot of large tour groups rather than individuals, but we didn't have to wait long to check-in. Friends had told us to recommend a room on a higher floor facing the courtyard so we had a very quiet room our first 2 nights. The hotel does not have any triples facing the courtyard so we were street-side our 3rd night, but the noise was not unbearable.If you are looking for luxury accommodation, don't stay here, but if you're looking for a relatively inexpensive (by London standards), clean room with a good location, the Royal National fits the bill.	
May 26 2008	my horrible experience at the Royal National Hotel	We've just come back from London where we stayed for five days and slept four horrible nights in the Royal National.We were given a double room with an extra bed instead of the triple bedroom we had booked. The rooms are narrow so it was very uncomfortable. For a couple and a 11year old , we were given TWO hangers and ONE small tower. There's no blow dryer and you're not even given any shampoo.For breakfast you ALWAYS have to show a yellow paper that I can't even remember what's its called, where you're given toast, butter or jam to eat, coffee,tea, milk and orange juice to drink. If you feel like eggs, bacon,etc you have to pay 4.50.There's only a high shower on the bathroom ,not even one you can hold but, obviously, no shower caps, even if you ask for some.The personnel doesn't speak or understand english well ((except at the desk), and they 're very unfriendly and unhelpul.It's always full of noisy students, so you wait for ages for a lift to take you up/downstairs.On our first morning, we were literally chucked from building to building and from room to room to have breakfast because there wasn't enough space to sit everybody.We were told to queue and wait and we must have been forgotten 'cause nobody came to call us even though many people left the room.We have to check out till 11h and pay .50p fer each bag you request to be kept at the hotel.Quite frankly I've only got myself to blame because my English friends( I'm portuguese) all warned me that hotel was ,quote , &quot;rubbish&quot;. If only I had listened...	
May 23 2008 	I've never seen a dirtier hotel; most pulbic toilets are cleaner	I arrived at this hotel before check-in and was very concerned by the look from the outside. And once I got to my room, I got pretty much what I expected. It was dirty; it needed to be dusted badly and the bathroom floor was dirty. I walked in, looked around, and went and book another hotel online. This hotel may seem cheap, but it's not worth what it's charging. It's disgustingly dirty. I don't need high-end, but I can't handle dirty. It's very popular among adolescents, and young twenty year olds, and they're all very friendly (the guests that is, not the staff). And when I asked the concierge to call me a cab to go to my other hotel, he called a cab company and told me it would be a set 40 GBP ($80USD). I just grabbed one that dropped off someone and it only cost me 14 Pounds. I don't know if he had a deal with the cab company; he told me the price after he found out I was going to an upscale hotel by Hyde Park. And of course, they wouldn't give me any money back for 4 nights, but I just could not stay in this place. It needs to be condemned. My travel agency (flight centre) described this as a three star hotel. It's 1 and a half max.	
May 16 2008 	Contiki Haven	We stayed here the night before our Contiki and the night we got back from our Contiki. The night before we (bf &amp; I) were given a room which was very narrow and had two single beds. It was a little bit noisy with cars/bar downstairs in the courtyard but we slept easily enough(even with the window open) The night we got back from our Contiki we were given a double bed room which was much easier to maneouvre around. For people going on a Contiki tour this is the perfect place to stay - there is a tube station just around the corner, hotel is easy to find and the departure point is the courtyard which the hotel surrounds.	
May 14 2008 	Not what we wanted but not what we didn't	I did not expect great things from this place after reading the reviews on the web, but on the flip side of the coin I did not care too much either.Our family journey was designed with our children in mind. Three days in London, taking in shows, sights, museums and family and then two days in Gay Paris followed by one more night in London. Fact is the hotels didn't really mean much to me, or the children, it was all about location.That said upon arrival this hotel seemed to resemble those grey, awful blocks we saw on the TV as youngsters in the former East Blockwas a bit of a cattle market but the staff were efficient and saw us through our booking process quickly.Our room was smaller than we would have liked and the old alluminium window did not really keep out the noise from the street below, but this did not really matter. After a day in Covent Garden and a night at the theatre we all simply slept.The next morning we got up for Breakfast and I have to say it was an efficient service but poor quality and yet another cattle market. The porridge was more like milk and an oat and the Full English was disappointing. Those sausages are dire Royal National, change them! Oh and the bacon could be crisper. That said they obviously have to cater for literraly thousands of people. I read somehwere this hotel has 1600 rooms!!Overall and in summary the hotel is reasonably clean, The rooms are in need of modernisation, the coffe is AWFUL (as are the sausages), and the staff are good. Infact I think some praise needs to go to the staff who seem to be willing and on the whole friendly.The Main bonus with this hotel is it's location. You will see that in many reviews on this site so I have no need to go into details, but I actually looked at the amount of foreign tourists in this hotel and fealt a tad unsure. Unsure about what they thought of England and what our standards are. For me,I was fine, for my wife it was horrid and for foreign tourists it must cast a poor light on my country. It is not all like this you know!	
May 12 2008 	Cheap 	In London with family for 2 night stay including theatre show. Rooms smallish and basic , looked clean on the surface - though at end of stay had need to pull beds, drawers etc out and not been thoroughly cleaned for some time. Tea and Coffee making facilities in our room on arrival consisted of a kettle and 3 small cartons of milk - I saw the maids trolley full of supplies outside in the corridor and helped myself to 2 packets of the supplies, the male cleaner returned and I was trying to explain that we had no tea and coffee, he asked me which room, then followed me in to check that we didn't already have some, then when he saw the empty tray he nodded as if in agreement that we could have the supplies !An expensive item went missing from our room, when we went to report it the guy at the concierge desk initially tried to fob us off by telling us to wait for the housekeeper in the morning. We returned to the desk and another more sympathetic guy called the security manager, who took all the details and promised to investigate the matter, by checking CCTV etc. However when we did speak to the Head Housekeeper in the morning she tried to insinuate that the maid hadn't handed in the item as 'lost property' - we couldn't seem to get her to understand that items left in an occupied room are not lost property and should be left alone, not tampered with or removed.Breakfast on Sunday morning was a bit of a scrum, too many guests and not enough space in the dining areas. We found an unoccupied table that was big enough too accommodate the 6 of us in the group but still had the remains of the previous guests's breakfast trays on it. A waitress was filling cereal containers and as I couldn't see any other staff in the vicinity I asked politely(or so I thought) if the table could be cleared - she shouted at me that she 'was doing the buffet' - so I asked her who I should ask and she just waved her hands around randomly, then continued filling the containers - excellent customer service !!!! Other waiters were however working very hard, clearing and wiping down tables so quickly that if you went to refill your drink your breakfast had been cleared away when you came back! Overall the hotel was adequate - reasonably priced and very well located for all the attractions yet not too busy or noisy - except for noisy revellers at the nearby pub at 3.00 a.m. but we probably only heard them because the windows were open due to the heat. I would stay in the same location, but would probably give this hotel a miss due to the bad experience with the missing item.	
May 7 2008	Watch out	This hotel is only good for extreme budget travelers and backpackers alike. The room is so narrow that the beds are disposed not side by side but in line!!! Honeymooners watchout!If you have the bad luck to get a room located close to the ones assigned for a bunch of children (middle and high school students are often spotted at the Royal) then pillow fighting and sprint competition in the corridors will be your companion.Three nights there and is a never coming back situation!PS: Not to be biased this review must state that the location is good, near the British Museum and the Russel Sq. underground station.	
Apr 29 2008 	the royal national	We booked our hotel stay at the Royal National not expecting a brilliant hotel just somewhere cheap and central for us to stay. When we first read reviews on this website we were worried that the conditions of the hotel were poor. However it turned out to be better than expected. The room in which we stayed for a night was roomy, clean and tidy and big enough for the three of us. The hotel was very large with lots of corridors making it difficult to know where you were. However this wasnt too much of a problem. The breakfast was very good for the price and the food was definitely filling! I would stay at the hotel again just for a cheap place to do some shopping however i wouldnt go there on holiday!!	
Apr 28 2008 	If you want Ritz go to Ritz of course!	I would like to know what kind of hotel usually visit the people who wrote here such a terrible reviews.One month ago I found this web after booking and I was about to cancell it. I did not do it. I agree the hotel has a lot of points to be improved but the price and the place are superb. The checking was fast, the room cleaned, only a little of sound from the bar (I was so tired of walking London I did not notice), the bed was good enough for sleeping three nights (of course, not my whole life) and the breakfast (even hot chocolate and milk, I need it every morning) was fair for the fee; if you need for services, fashion image and less kids in the halls, here you have a tip: pay more money for other hotel, and maybe you will have it (there is not guarantee to get it, as I know from other trips and hotels, sure you know too).Kind regards,	
Apr 27 2008 	Faulty Towers without the laughs!	This hotel is basic to say the least and at £100 per night, it isn't cheap! The hotel staff are very unfriendly at the reception desk, the rooms are in dire need of refurbishment. The beds are very uncomfortable and the blankets too small to cover two people in a double bed.The shower is for the Borrowers as it is very short!You constantly bang your head. The view from our room, looked out onto other rooms which looked like something from Eastern Europe circa 1960!Breakfast is an absolute joke! You get your breakfast and then wander around with it, looking for a free table, whilst your full English gets rather cold. The staff in the restaurant are rude and decide to begin tidying at around 9.30am even when breakfast on Sundays is on until 10.30am. This left half of the drinks machines out of use, so if you decide half way through your breakfast to get another juice, be prepared to queue, and again, allow your breakfast to become even more cold!If you want to leave your luggage whilst you explore London, be prepared to queue for over 30 minutes and then told there is no room and they cannot hold it!It brought 1 ply toilet paper to my attention, so do take your own!!This hotel is one huge, over priced joke. Just dont bother and for the same price stay at a hotel in Sussex gardens!Good location.	
Apr 27 2008 	Wasn't As Bad as We Expected	My friend &amp; I stayed at the Royal National for a total of 4 nights in May 2004 before and after our Contiki trip. After booking the hotel through Contiki (the tour leave from the hotel) we read the reviews on Tripadviser and freaked out!! We tried to change our accommodation but would've lost all our money so we prepared for the worst!We flew in at 6am to Heathrow from Sydney and were tired and exhausted but took the tube on the Picadilly line straight to Russell Square station. Beware the 195 stairs! Take the lift to the street! It was a short walk to the Royal National, passing the Tesco across from the station. Walking up the street, our first impressions upon entering the courtyard was OMG this place is MASSIVE and so DEPRESSING looking! The foyer was quite pleasant though. After being told we couldn't check in until 2pm, we left our luggage in the luggage room.Despite dying for a shower and food, we saw the queue out the door of the Windsor breakfast room &amp; after hearing about the terrible breakfasts, didnt want to risk it so decided to go for a walk. We found the shopping complex past Tesco and the Carluccio cafe chain. Thankgod for Carluccio's is all i can say! We had breakfast there every day for our stay (even though we had breakfast included in our accommodation!) best italian coffee &amp; pastries and a deli with meats &amp; cheeses &amp; breads so you could buy to make sandwiches for your lunch. We then went back towards the hotel &amp; got on a Big Bus Tour which leave from outside the hotel and cost us 18 pounds. It takes you via various routes around the city to all the tourist attractions and you can hop on and hop of f when you feel like it. It was an absolute god-send and we proceeded to spend the next 4 hours on the bus going around the city. Good way to waste time when you are tired &amp; jet lagged &amp; lets you get your bearings of the city.Soon it was 1pm, headed back to hotel &amp; checked in with about 200 other people! Yes the hotel is busy &amp; full of students but suprisingly, also full of people who were 60 years plus! After we finally found our room and to be honest, it was in a pretty good state. Yes its old and needs refurbishing, but everything was spotlessly clean - first thing we did was pull back the bed covers &amp; inspected the sheets and they were clean! Bathroom was also clean with running hot water! Tv worked. Beds were comfortable and there is enough room for your bags (which we never unpacked). We did notice no hairdryer (mine blew up upon first use) and so we went to reception and were told to go to house keeping. After getting lost, we found it &amp; were shocked at the 20 pound deposit!!! we got an old dryer but at least it worked!First night we slept like babies due to the jet lag, but in the morning we were woken at 5am by slamming doors and a tour bus leaving in the courtyard which our room overlooked. We had breakfast out and spent the rest of the day sightseeing and only returned to our room at night. Our rooms were clean. The hotel has internet terminals for a fee downstairs on the north side of the hotel though the connection isnt that great! 2nd night was harder sleeping as you notice the sirens every half hour or so, the hotel is in the Hospital zone of London, but you get used to it. We luckily must've been on a quiet floor as there wasn't one party in the hallway the whole time of our stay! The rest of the stay was pleasant. Prior to leaving on our 2 week tour I checked a backpack of souveniers into the luggage room for 2 weeks (for a fee, about 50 pence a day i think) thinking i'd never see it again!I was happy &amp; suprise after returning 2 weeks later it was still there!! We stayed 1 more night and organised the night reception to book us a transfer to stanstead airport for 5am the next morning. Staff were helpful. Next morning the transfer was waiting for us at exactly 5am. Overall, our stay at the Royal National was good. Hotel is in a fantastic location, it felt safe walking around at night, plenty of restaurants nearby, tescos and waitrose close and a shopping centre and most of all the price is fair for what you get. It meets all your basis needs provided you don't expect 5 star luxury! and yes you do get sick of seeing so many people around but you have to be tolerant when travelling!I would stay there again if on a budget :)	
Apr 25 2008 	Ideal for a room and central location	On reading up the reviews on the hotel I was worried about my stay here at the Royal National.On arrival we checked in earlier than we was meant to however this was fine and was available to go to our room, however if this hadnt of been possible there is a room where you are able to leave your bags which has its own porter. For checking in there is no charge for leaving your bags here however for checking out it costs 50p.I stayed in a triple room, this was a very good size and was also very clean. The rooms are not meant to be 1st class, for the money you pay would you really expect this? There was a good sized bathroom with a bath/shower and in the room a tv was available. The rooms were just like staying in your average travelodge.The breakfast was good, i read some of the reviews and was dreading it, however there are two different places, the south and the north side of the hotel, we did not realise this untill when we met back up with our friends after breakfast we realised we had eaten in different places. All the breakfast are the same however on the south side you choose what you would like and put that on your plate however the north side they do it for you. The south side has the main reception area, here is a nice bar with friendly bar staff. For the ice cream lovers there was a ben and jerrys ice cream vending machine!!The location of the hotel was central, it was out of the way of the busy london however it was not to far away either. It was about 200m walk to the tube station, on this line it could take you straight to leicester square and if you wanted oxford circus or bond street you only had to change at holborn and this was the next stop along.I enjoyed my stay at the hotel and would definately stay there again for a room if i was staying in London. It is definately ideal for a room, if a group of people are going out or others coming down for sightseeing, shopping or shows. However i would not recommend the hotel if this is where you would like to stay for a holiday!!	
Apr 20 2008 	not for senior travelers	After i have read all these teriffying rewievs i was about to cancel my reservation for this hotel. Fortunately i did not do it. Yes, I agree the hotel is huge, it is impersonal. And the breakfast is poor, but, believe me, i stayed in places worse than this and for this price (70pounds per night) it is o.k.! You get a room (my rooms was clean enough), a simple breakfast (you can buy your breakfast in any pub if you don't like in the hotel) and the most important PERFECT LOCATION!!!! The hotel is suited for young people, there were parties going on, but it is your attitude, not the noise. I was sleeping peacfully.Of course, this hotel is not suited for seniors. It is too big, to loud, not enough service, but for all other people i can only say GO FOR IT, you cannot find a better place for your pub&amp;party stay in London!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Apr 16 2008	Ideal for school trips	Stayed here with a School group. It is what it is. A big, impersonal hotel in a central location which is ideal for school groups but you wouldn't choose it for yourself. Check in and check out are fast and efficient. Rooms are basic. The food is basic. We needed a conveniently located bed for the night and the Royal National is just fine.	
Apr 16 2008 	It was O.K.	My wife, teenage daughter and myself stayed at this hotel on the nights of 14th and 15th of April 08.Just round the corner from Russell Square tube station, we booked into hotel at 12.45 in the afternoon after arriving from Lancashire. Straight forward booking in, with nobody else waiting at reception. The triple room over looking Bedford Way was a bit small but it suited us because we were out early and back late, we only used it to sleep in. The bathroom and sleeping area were clean.We were down early in the Windsor room on our two mornings when breakfast started at 7am. We chose the full English and sat at the same table near the window that we had to ourselves. We had no complaints there, but at the end of the day it depends what your expectations are.Although it is basic and there were a lot of teenage kids staying, they didn't stop us falling asleep at night. We would stay there again if we went to London to see another West End show. No problems for us.	
Apr 15 2008 	Excellent Stay	Booked online through British Airways Holidays - fantasic deal. Booked the room for 2 adults &amp; 2 children. Spacious room (for London standards), clean and a clean bathroom (always important). Maid service every day with change of towels daily. Walls a little thin though - we never had any noisy neighbours so it did not bother us.Staff very friendly and accommodating with luggage before room was ready and after check-out. Huge hotel &amp; huge lobby - always busy. Hotel appears to be a base for university / college students - thus has a vibrant atmosphere to the place.Continental breakfast adequate (included in our rate) which comprised of cereals, croissants, toast, tea, coffee, juice, etc. Cooked breakfast available for a fee but we never tried it.Overall excellent value for money and will definitely stay again. Have had a lot worse in 3 &amp; 4 star hotels.	
Apr 11 2008 	horrible	this place should be totally remodelled. we stayed here for 4 nights (what a mistake) dirty bed linen, ratty blankets, single pane draughty windows, mouldy shower I could go on...also hundreds of noisy teenagers romping through the building all night long banging doors playing ball and talking loud with no supervision!! all in all the worst experience I have had in a hotel EVER!!!! never again!!!!	
Apr 7 2008 	Absolutely Vile !!	This hotel is the PITS, do not be fooled by the website, all the staff are foreign and do not understand your requests, we should have twigged how bad it was by the green carppet walls in the lift!!! Breakfast is a cattle market que out of the door and fight for a table sitting alongside complete strangers.The room had not been hoovered or dusted in a long time and had a musty smell, all the furniture was dated and very basic, no hair dryer - 20 quid deposit and a visit to housekeepers office to obtain one!!!! No toiliteries other than horrible plastic wrapped soap.We stayed with two young children and could not spend any relaxing time in this horrible room, up and out by nine and straight to bed by 10pm!! This hotel cannot even be classed as cheap n cheerful cos its not, not by any imagination. London was great and we all loved the show Grease and the London eye, the rainforest cafe is a must visit, expensive food but worth every penny.	
Apr 7 2008	Horrifying	Well, the outside and the lobby look nice. We were met with about 100 other tourists in the lobby and had to wait 20 minutes to check in. When we finally got up to our room it was ugly, dirty and tiny. The blanket on one of the beds was fraying and stained. When we asked a maid if she would change it, she used a blanket of similar shape. The window had a 1/4 inch gap in it and the noise from the street was loud all day and night. The interior of the hotel was noisy as well, lots of youth groups staying there, slamming doors and laughing at all hours. I had to make a 20 pound deposit for a junky travel hairdryer that overheated on me. I could go on and on, but I think I've made my point here. You know the chain Motel 6? Well, these rooms aren't as nice as that.	
Apr 7 2008 	Excellent	I have stayed in this hotel for 8 nights in March 2008 First it has a great location, a short walking from the russel square station. The Hotel is very clean, the room is of average capacity ' very convinent on london scale' . The breakfast is good . The staff are friendly .Of course it needs some refurbishment , but do not let these upset you as regard to its other advantages. If you go to the breakfast room early (7 O'clock', you will avoid the delay because from 8-9.5 , it will be so crowedIn general i think it is one of the best deals in London.	
Apr 6 2008 	At least it's cheap!	I was after a cheap rail/hotel break for a two night stay in London. The good thing about this trip was the price, 2 nights and rail from Durham to Kings cross for £105 - can't complain.However the photograph in the brochure looked quite nice and I was convinced I had bagged a bargain! On entering the hotel I was amazed at just how busy it was - full of kids from every nationality! On arrival I was shown to my room, after boarding the carpeted lift! I was greeted by a long corridor full of kids in pyjamas - obviously a school trip, my room was located in the middle of a large party of school pupils from Europe. As a teacher I found this ridiculous that they would integrate strangers within rooms held by teenagers!When I entered the room I thought I had been transported to the 1970's, the décor was tired looking, the room was unbearably hot and lacked basic facilities e.g. hair dryer, toiletries etc. Although the room and bathroom did appear clean. Breakfast was chaotic with them directing me to another dinning room on the other side of the building - requiring me to go outside in the snow! Despite their being facilities in the same building I was staying. The breakfast appeared good value for money and was nice - the same can't be said for the poor quality tea bags used!On the second night I was kept awake for most of the night from the noise from the teenagers in the next room! However when I phoned reception the problem was sorted quickly. So would I go back, Yes if I simply couldn't afford to go anywhere better!!	
Apr 6 2008 	Not ideal but practicable	We booked this hotel through Superbreaks.....firstly don't do this. My wife booked this as a suprise and she was well robbed.Book rail, accomodation yourself and get tickets there.Back to the hotel, this place is massive so if you like the personal touch, don't go. It is in an ideal place for the sites and theatre land though.The room was clean and had plenty of space but was equiped very basically with TV, kettle and cheap tea and coffee.The bathroom was clean and the shower was powerful, again basic supplies, soap clean towels and nothing more.This place is very busy so check in and concierge help took an age to get. On that note asked the concierge to book me a cab today and he told me to go to the rank outside, nice chap.....The breakfast on the first morning was a nightmare, queued 20 mins outside dining room, then 15 mins inside dining room for breakfast. When. we were served, 'attilla the hun' slopped our breakfast on our plates and shoved it at us, not even asking us what we wanted. To their defence though, they were very busy and a lady at the table said that she had stayed there all week and this was the first case of this type of queueing and service.Todays breakfast was a different matter, straight in, 'Attilla' asked what we would like and the food was hot and well presented.Staff attitude and service leave a lot to be desired and to be honest I wouldn't stay here again. There were a lot of staff that were courtious and helpful, just not the important ones, like reception and concierge.	
Apr 3 2008 	Not bad at all	I booked this hotel through a special offer from British Airways, before stumbling onto bad reviews rating it as subpar. I'm so glad I didn't cancel the reservation. The room was small and simple and check-in was a nightmare, since the hotel has so many beds. But, it's a great value for the money. And excellent location right around the corner from the Russell Square station on the Picadilly line. It's a busy area, but my hotel floor was exceptionally quiet. I will book there again on my next trip to London.	
Apr 3 2008	We were another group	I am a teacher and my group of high school students and I stayed at the Royal National for two nights. I had read the reviews and my daughter had stayed there last summer with her choir group. It was not as bad as reviewed, but it was not good either. The only thing positive about the hotel is its location and the attentive staff. The rooms are clean but not the bathrooms. When we checked in, and because the hotel is so big, there were piles of dirty linen in the hallways and leftover trays from room service. Not attractive! My room was in a quieter side of the hotel, but my students'rooms were on the courtyard and they had a hard time sleeping because it is a very noisy hotel that caters mainly to groups of students of all ages. As a matter of fact and to the credit of the hotel, my room was next to very young Spanish students, not older than 14, who at 1 in the morning, were still in the hallways, making a lot of noise. My husband called the concierge who immediatly went up, herded the youngsters in their rooms, and stayed there in the hallway until they were quiet. I don't know where their chaperones were! The breakfast was pitiful: dry, white toast, cereals and orange juice. That's it! The hotel claims to be a 3-star hotel, but one other chaperone from my trip joked by saying it was more like a 1/2 star hotel. It's a step above a hostel. We survived the two nights, but I would not stay there more than that.	
Apr 1 2008 	Disgusting Noisy	Noisy concrete jungle hotel which on arrival has cobwebs in reception. On entering the room we were met with a damp smell. The bathroom sink &amp; bath still had the previous tenants hair in it. Also dirt had mounded in the corners of the bathroom area. The room hadn't been dusted in a while and there were cigarette burns in the curtains. This hotel really NEEDS A GOOD CLEAN!	
Mar 31 2008	dont put people off	i read reviews after we booked, went to london head in hands thinking what my husband would say of this hotel as it was a special wedding ann.if i had more time i would have cancelled it after reading comments. so pleased we did not the hotel was very clean staff were very nice english breakfast was good great location great idea about meals we went on a superbreak fantastic value for money. well done all concerned. we had a fantastic time. we will be back thank you	
Mar 30 2008	Excellent location	I stayed at this hotel as then accompagning teacher with a group of 18 teens. Royal National hotel was exactly what I was looking for.Price:At the hotel, rates displayed is over 200$ for a triple room. We paid only 99$ each room (total 8) through our travel agent...Location:Only a block from the underground (Russel Square). There are Sightseeing tour stops directly in front of the hotel. Convenient store across the street, Grocery store and shopping center 5 min walk away. Many restaurant and the British Museum is less than a ten minute walk awayRoom:Very small, clean (except for the ceeling), bed were OK. Very dark. However, it was noisy (very thin doors) because of the many students groups in the hotel. Staff:Even at 11 PM, they were at least 10 persons behind the counter at the reception or the concierge desk !Breakfast:Break, toast, cereals, tea, coffee, juice, etc. Extra 4 pounds for an english hot breakfast.Note: We arrived at 10 AM... and we get our rooms right away !	
Mar 25 2008 	STAY AWAY!	This was one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in (and I've stayed in some bad ones). The room was adequate but the staff was very rude and unhelpful. The hotel was understaffed and check-in took forever. The hotel seemed clean enough on the surface until strange rust-colored liquid began to ooze from the bathtub faucet. We unfortunately were given a first floor room, which meant that there was a lot of noise from the courtyard area, which then had to complete with the noise (particularly loud conversations) from the cleaning staff that began at about 6am. On one morning, the cleaning staff vacuumed for 45 minutes immediately outside our door beginning at 5:50am. Even worse, as the hotel did not have &quot;Do not disturb&quot; signs (or anything equivalent), the cleaning staff would just barge in at random times in the morning regardless of whether you were sleeping, showering, changing. One morning they entered the room three times, twice without even a knock. I would stay away from this hotel at all costs!!!	
Mar 24 2008 	Bed bugs !!	This is the worst hotel I've ever been to. I had bed bugs in my room and the man at the reception desk said: well, it happens..!!!Please be careful, I'm taking strong medcines after what these bugs did to me :((( It was really awful. Never again, never ever.	
Mar 24 2008 	Poor Hotel Good location	Only stayed in this hotel because the hotel I had originally chosen was overbooked on arrival and they brought me here.It is a large hotel with 7 floors, catering for coach parties and budget travellers.  The room was typical for a budget hotel - small, but clean and tidy with en-suite facilities. Towels, TV etc but no hairdryer.The continental breakfast is appalling. Cereal, soggy toast (jam but no marmalade) , orange juice served in plastic cups and lukewarm tea &amp; coffee.Location is quite good, being close to Russell Square tube station. Plenty of restaurants nearby (on Southampton Row (including Pizza Express etc) Although the room was acceptable, would not use this hotel again.	
Mar 22 2008	Basic but adequate	I stayed with two friends at the Royal National during a quick trip to London in February. The location was great, near the Underground and a shopping center where you can get coffee in the morning (and there is a grocery store). We did not do the breakfast at the hotel, I needed Starbucks. The hotel is VERY BASIC but clean (remember you need to take your own washcloth to England). Upside was the price and the fact they offered 3 single beds in a room. Downside was the noise. Our first room was over the courtyard which has some type of bar/restaurant and the soccer groups were intolerably noisy to all hours of the night. When we complained, they promptly moved us to a room which faced the street, but that was preferable to the noise of the courtyard. Other than the noise, my only other complaint was the so-called conceirge desk who were basically useless. Get a good book (Rick Stevens was quite usefull) and figure it out yourself. If you want to save money on lodging, and have acess to a central tube line (you can take the underground directly from Heathrow to this stop - walking distance to the hotel is just two blocks) this is your place. If you want nice looking accomodations with any luxuries, go somewhere else. Other plus is the on and off tourist buses that take you all over London for 24 hours stop right in front of the hotel. There were two seperate bus companies that made the stop. One was the Original London Tour - don't remember the name of the other.	
Mar 21 2008	Well...I've Seen Worse.	Like many other TripAdvisor members, I only checked out the reviews after the room was booked. Upon arrival in London, I expected to find myself suffering in a hovel. Fortunately, this was not really the case. The Royal National definitely caters to student groups and has according features and prices. It's a 2/12 star hotel - halfway between a dump and an excellent place.Pros:• Clean Enough - not winning any awards, but it’s an old hotel and most of the “dirt” was just wear-n-tear. My room had three wonderful traits: a clean bathroom, a great shower with plenty of hot water, and light blocking curtains that let me sleep past dawn. • Quiet Enough - with so many teenagers gallivanting about, the place is quite crowded and rowdy during the days; at night, I never had problems with noise.• Cheap Enough – compared to similar London hotels, this one’s neither a bargain nor a wallet buster. • Friendly – the staff were always willing and able to help, and were never grumpy about doing so.• Continental Breakfast – more on that below in the “notes” section. This isn’t really much of a pro, but it is included in the room rate. • Convenient – there are several small grocery/convenient stores nearby (which helps save money on food if you’re on a tight budget), the Russell Station underground entrance is about a block away (handy if you’re traveling around London), there are several close bus stops, and the British Museum is less than a ten minute walk away (which is great if you appreciate art).Cons:• The Beds – this is the hotel’s major pitfall, and it’s no small matter. The bed in my room was a single (which is smaller than a twin) and felt like it had been used as a trampoline by many of the youths who preceded me. It gets an unqualified, &quot;worst ever&quot; rating from my many hotel stays. I never got a decent night’s sleep, and really missed my good ol’ American mattress back home.• So Many Kids – I have nothing against children or teenagers, but in the hundreds they can be overwhelming and loud, plus they made getting in an out of the hotel a chore at times. Also, if you’re on an upper floor and heading out in the morning, finding an elevator that’s not packed with kids is almost impossible. Not to give the wrong impression, I was impressed by how well-behaved and polite they were; there were just too many of them. • Really Busy – depending on when you arrive/leave, checking in or out of this hotel can involve a substantial wait. Accommodating very large student groups does have its drawbacks.Notes: If you arrive before check-in time (2 pm) they offer free baggage storage, which is quite convenient. If you like to use washcloths or hand towels, you’ll have to bring your own; they only provide a rug/towel for the floor outside the tub, and bath towels. The continental breakfast is somewhat bare-bones: toast &amp; rolls (with butter and jelly alongside), cereal (rice crispies, corn/bran flakes, and a Muselix type blend), milk, orange juice, and orange &amp; grapefruit slices. During my visit, one could “upgrade” to an English breakfast for an additional 4 pounds (about $8). It had two pieces of sausage, a slice of ham, a poached egg, scrambled eggs and porridge/oatmeal. It’s wasn’t heart-smart, but it sure was filling. Because the hotel can hold about 2,500 people, breakfast can involve a short wait, but they’re remarkably efficient at keeping things moving.Suggestions: I made the mistake of following a friend’s advice and changing currency at the airport. The rate was murderous there. I’d suggest exchanging a small amount of currency – 20 pounds or so – at a local bank before departing, then using the local currency exchange agencies (there’s even one in the Royal National Hotel lobby) or the ATM machines in the hotel/area. The rates are much better that way, and you’ll get the best bang for your undervalued buck.	
Mar 20 2008 	A good budget hotel	This is a budget hotel. If you expect 4star service and chocolates on your pillow, you will be disappointed. If you are looking for a hotel room in the middle of London that wont bust your budget, it is worth an look. The hotel is located next to Russell Square on the Picadilly Underground line (go left when you exit the tube station, turn right at the intersection. Go half way down the block and the hotel is on the left side) It caters to tour groups, so check in can be very busy depending on when you arrive (we caught a break and were in quickly), but it can be packed, so be prepared. The room is very basic and was fairly clean - There is a coffee maker in the room, but no hair dryier, microwave or fridge. Also there is no air conditioning, and heating was done with a radiator. There is some black mold because of humidity issues (no vent in the bathroom and the thick curtains by the window), but I was not worried by it. - Hint: fold the curtian up into the window sill to expose the radiator and it will heat the room much better. The room we had overlooked the center courtyard, and it was noisy when the kids came or went, but after a while you don't really notice it. The continental breakfast was basic: Juice, tea/coffee, toast/rolls, cerial; and it reminded me of a chow line in jail (although the ones in jail are more orginized). I didn't try the cooked breakfast (above plus eggs, bacon, beans). It gets crazy in the chow room when the busses are getting ready to leave so go early to miss it. I recommend going across the street to the little cafe to get a better breakfast for the about the same amount - and they make a great &quot;jacket potato&quot; (stuffed potato) for lunch or late dinner. There is free internet access in the lobby by the bar, you will need a wireless card to take advantage of it, and no outlets so make sure you have a full charge. The hotel did not have laundry facilities, but there is a coin laundry just down the street.	
Mar 19 2008	great	we stayed here for 2 nights as a package deal from the treval agents, value for money was great and the staff were helpful too my mum who is wheelchair bound had no problems getting around they were 4 lifts nd they had extra ones too. the rooms were fine we stayed in a triple it was clean and tidy and basic its only some where to put your head down ok it not the ritz but hey you havent paid the ritz !!! we did have a problem on the 1st night they were no heating on in the room but we phoned reception nd housekeeping came with in 2mins which was great. it was busy in the dining room for breakfast but we had no problms as staff helped us find a table. yes it was full of students nd kidz and the busy time was 8 ish so 2nd morning we went early and it was much calmer. i would stay here again as it was very central and easy access for wheelchair as it was street level. left luggage was a great price for only 50p a bag for the day. i would stay here again i read the comments on here before went nd i was dreading it but i think whoever wrote the comments probs been in really nicer hotels nd not used to been in the city where they are kids so next as the hotel is in bloomsbury nd it students around the area dont stay at t he national	
Mar 16 2008	Not pleasant.	I booked this hotel as part of a packaged British Airways deal. The price and value were the first considerations, but also the convenience of the neighborhood. I have to say I was disappointed in both.For one thing, it is unpleasantly large. With travel groups of young people and a decidedly bare-minimum mentality, the place felt more like a youth hostel than a hotel. The beds were low and squishy and rolled around, making it impossible to lean back without the bed shifting under you. They reminded me distinctly of camp beds. The bathroom was very oversized and ugly; tall grey walls and a dirty looking floor, no shampoo or soap, and only one large towel per guest. No hand towels were provided. The tea maker had standing water in it and looked simply disgusting. The packs of sugar/tea/coffee to use had obviously been opened before, as the sugar was missing for one. There were several hairs in my bed, and I didn't feel I could trust the place to be clean, although aside from the tea maker there was nothing seriously wrong in that respect. There was no control for the heating inside the room, so it got rather stuffy unless a window was opened. Overall, a bleak place.The continental breakfast was also rather disenchanting, consisting of cold toast (it is laid out pre-toasted, almost guaranteeing that it's cold by the time it reaches anyone's plate.) instant-tasting Orange Juice and rather thick, strange tea.This place could so easily have been better, but it seemed to be completely without the will to try. The location, while being only several blocks away from the British Museum, is dirtier and busier than some parts of London. The Tube station is an easy walk, but also a less pleasant Tube than some. I have previously stayed in the Pimlico area of London (near the Tate Britain) and while that is farther from the major attractions, it is easy to catch the Pimlico Tube. Overall, I did not find that the convenience of the location improved my experience at all, weighed with the noise and general ugliness of the hotel.	
Mar 16 2008 	Not Great	After reading the reviews on this hotel i was worried about staying here. The hotel wasnt as bad as i expected, very large hotel with lots of school groups staying.Dissapointed with the staff,as we were supposed to get a free evening meal on the first night as part of the package i booked but check in staff said the offer was finished but it clearly stated on my accomodation voucher this offer was valid until the 29 feb 2008 but even after pointing this out, i was told i was wrong! Breakfast was not nice we had the full english breakfast and it was very greasy,orange juice tasted awful and some of the plates and cutlery were quite dirty.Location is excellent everything is within easy reach of this hotel.If your looking for good location to all London attractions and are looking for a cheap hotel i would reccomend this because after all how long do you want to spend in your room?If you are expecting luxury accommodation you wont find it here	
Mar 15 2008	okay but not coming back	After having read a lot of reviews about the hotel, I was almost terrified about having to stay at the Royal National, London. I was staying there as a teacher with my class of students aged 17-20 (I'm 53). But I would not have had to worry at all! The room and bathroom was clean enough, the sheets were clean and it was changed once in the five nights we stayed, the towels etc changed every day. It was big and 1970-ish, but the continental breakfast was okay. I usually stay at the Bonnington's (now Park Inn) when in London with my family, but this hotel was okay for staying with students. I wouldn't stay there if I was on holliday. So if you want to stay more confortably and can't cope with european and chineese students on tour, you just have to pay more and stay somewhere else.	
Mar 15 2008 	Have a good time in London? Find another hotel!	The Royal National is an immense hotel factory with so many visitors, that it is impossible for the employees to welcome these friendly. So they simply do not do that.The hotel is mainly used by schools for London trips- and for the kids it will be OK and fun, and probably the breakfast is for them too early to see or taste what is made of.We stayed 6 days- and soon found out, that there are nice places for a breakfast and coffee that looks like it. The rooms are small, and it will be impossible to have any privacy, because neighbours do not need to shout to be heard, and this you can add to the noise that echoes from all walls of the court yard.Nevertheless London is as good as ever- or even better, now the inner city has far less traffic, so it is a pleasure to walk about and enjoy parks, musea and more.Wish you a happy stay- and please find a better place than the RN...!Eckart	
Mar 15 2008 	More like a youth hostel	This hotel is okay if you are on a tight budget but be prepared for a sleepless night. The hotel is used by lots large groups of young travellers from all over the world and seems to be permanently noisy. The rooms are not double glazed so if you are on the main road you hear the noise of traffic all night and police sirens. We were kept awake as well till about two in the morning by screaming kids running up and down the corridor and banging doors. The breakfast area is very much like a school canteen with long tables and a queue to get your food.On the plus side the staff are friendly and the room was quite large and seemed clean and it is within walking distance of the British Museum and the West End.If you want a relaxing hotel then this is not for you, it should really be classed as a youth hostel than a hotel.	
Mar 13 2008 	Cheap 	We stayed in the Hotel for 2 nights. Ideal location for Euston Station, buses and tube. On arrival staff were friendly. The room was clean and tidy, we had booked a quad room the 4th bed was a campbed luckily it was only for our child. On the first night we had a complimentary meal in the Tavistock Hotel- Wine Bar which was very good. The noise from the teenagers running up and down the corridors shouting was disturbing into the early hours. Also our room was situated on the side of the street where the traffic noise kept myself awake for most of the night. The breakfast was good, but the staff were quite sharp in their manner. On our departure day we did not want to take our luggage with us all day as our train was leaving early evening so we paid concierge a small fee to keep our bags in a locker room until we picked them up later in the day.	
Mar 9 2008	Below average	This hotel was booked as part of a package to see Hairspray the Musical through Superbreaks.Foyer was decent and corridors looked clean and well lit.Room was uninspiring. Just as well we staying overnight only as there were 4 coathangers in the wardrobe. Toilet rolls open on top of the toilet. Yuk! Bathroom clean but VERY basic. The bed was horrendous. It didn't even look like a double size and seeing as my husband and I are of decent proportions, it made for a very uncomfortable night.Nothing nice or special about the room........not even a box of tissues or a pen and paper.Loads of youngsters around, probably exchange students or school trips. No trouble seen but made reception area very busy at times.Didn't even stay for breakfast on the Sunday as queue stretched around the block.Our room was on the second floor of the south tower and we overlooked a roofed area. Around 12.30 - 01.00 on the Sunday am, what sounded like a trumpet and party seemed to strike up out of nowhere! The window was open as the room was quite warm, and when I looked out many others were looking too........but the VERY loud music couldn't be located and we had to suffer a warm night, as it was toss up between being kept awake by noise or heat! The only real positive was the central location, to both Kings Cross (we travelled by rail) and the theatre district.It certainly wasn't the worst hotel we've ever stayed in but would be unlikely to stay there again.Hairspray was the best!	
Mar 8 2008 	A huge horrible hostel	Stayed at Royal National for 3 nights in February 08 as part of a package we booked through British Airways. Was shocked that British Airways would back this hotel - it was a nightmare! Barely could call it a hotel, it was much more like a hostel. The average guest age was about 21, and we spent the entire night listening to drunk kids singing soccer songs in the &quot;courtyard&quot; below our room and to slamming doors from the kids running up and down the hallways all night shreiking and giggling. Keep in mind, I'm only 25! The hotel is home to all of the youth tour groups passing through London. Unless you're looking to meet other young, drunk travelers, avoid this hotel! On top of this, the room was filthy (big red stain on the wall, looked like it hadn't been vacuumed) and the mattress felt like a few slabs of cardboard with a sunken-in middle. This is the first negative review I think I've ever left on TripAdvisor, so I don't take this lightly. Do not go to this place if you want a relaxing stay.	
Mar 7 2008 	Not Bad	Stayed one night 4th March, this hotel was part of package to see Tuttenkhamum and First Emperor so there was no choice.I checked reviews here before departure and was dreading going, but I have to say it was definately OK. I would not pick this hotel through choice but I could not find that much wrong. Yes the rooms were dated. BUT CLEAN, small bathroom, which was SPOTLESS with loads of hot water. lots of school kids, (KIDS ARE NOISY), breakfast was full english, dining room was a bit like a school canteen but food was ok and we had no trouble finding a table.It is centrally located, although slightly faded and tired.Having stayed at quite a few 4star hotels in London this was ok for one night.I will take a lot of what I read here now with a pinch of salt.	
Mar 7 2008 	Give the place a break	My daughter and I stayed 2 nights here in February, we booked in very quickly with no problems, the room was basic but clean. We overlooked the courtyard and heard no noise from the street and very little from inside the hotel. Breakfast was very busy but the cooked breakfast was ok, not 5 star but then we hadn't paid 5 star prices either. The left luggage was very efficient and we had no problems checking out. The bar had wireless internet available free, The staff that we spoke to were very polite and pleasant. I would definately stay there again for it's cheap prices and excellent location.	
Mar 4 2008 	Nightmare Hotel	Just arrived back after 5 Nights at this monstrosity. Only looked at Trip advisor AFTER booking (You learn the hard way). This Hotel is to be avoided at all costs unless you wish to return to your School Days. It is full of hundreds of young teenagers from around Europe and the UK. They generate a lot of noise and tend to block the foyer and dorrways, albeit they are relatively well behaved. The breakfast is an outright con. There are never any seats and you have to search this canteen, with your cold cooked breakfast in hand, for anywhere to sit. The tea was disgusting. Didn't try the Orange juice. Only had two breakfasts and went outside for the other three, although we had paid for five.Housekeeping was fine, room seemed to have been refurbished although beds kept rolling round the room. Street noise was annoying although could have done without the hammering and drilling in the Hotel from midnight until 2am this morning (4 March)This is by far the worst Hotel we have ever stayed in.	
Mar 3 2008 	1935 Wallpaper	If you are the sort of person who enjoys cheap furniture, loud noise and hundreds of under age drinkers then this hotel is the perfect place for you. When arriving at the hotel you will be personally greeted by hoods and dodgy looking Londoners offering you carefully priced cider. To accompany this welcome at reception, you will be humoured by the receptionist’s inability to understand what you are saying. When both of you finally come to some form of compromise you will be handed a Georgian styled keying device attached to what can only be described as a 'beaty stick'.Next you will make your way to the lifts where a game of chance awaits you as you and your colleagues will see who's lift will stick first. If eventually you manage to arrive at your room after walking round in what was probably circles you will delighted to see a bed that resembles a small compost deposit and decor that managed to survive the Second World War. If sensitive to lighting then the purpose built industrial style light arrangement, will sting your eyes softly during the night.Also on offer is an excellent selection of TV channels which consists mainly of BBC 4. If television is not what you are seeking then the ability to lean dangerously out your window and make loud clever comments at the room opposite you is also to be had. This will be received well as after a short time a hand picked selection of sophisticated English youths will feel the need to hang out their windows and exclaim a number of obscenities at each other making sure that sleeping will become an enjoyable challenge.Overall this hotel proved to be excellent investment of my time and money and seemed to meet my requirements for a pleasing short break and I would happily recommend it to any person who is interested in a quiet, short, country break away in the heart of London.	
Mar 1 2008 	Not as bad as we thought	After reading all the reviews i was a little tempted to cancel the hotel but pleased I did not. On arriving there seemed to be about 3 bus parties pulled up and thought we will never get checked in, but we only waited a couple of minutes.The room was small and basic, but clean and very warm. We had bars of soap, and clean towels. The coffee and tea in the room was not great and there was no hair dryer.We found the staff to be very helpful if you had a problem or concern. The only main downside to the hotel is it is very large and inpersonal, has lots of school kids staying and its breakfast, which is the worst I have ever had. There is no choice for veggies, except eggs and over cooked beans and the tea and coffee is like dishwater.The location of the hotel is great and is very central for everything and is in walking distance for most of the sights of London. We did not go to London to sit in or hotel room.	
Feb 29 2008 	A good budget hotel	I stayed for 3 nights in this hotel. It was not bad for a budget stay. breakfast was pretty hopeless as it consisted only of toast, butter/marmalade/jam + cereals and orange juice. there is a nearby restaurant nearby though where you can get a proper english breakfast at only 5 or 6 GBP.rooms are ok, although my room smelled like there was someone smoking in it before me. beds have wheels - convenient for the cleaning stuff, can be quite inconvenient to the user since you cant rest your back on the wall. bathroom was ok, soap was available all the time.. however there was no carpet for when you are coming out of the bath you have to put your feet on the floor.hotel has free wireless internet in the lobby and 2 pc terminals near the elevators at 1GBP per 15 min - not too bad if you want to check your email. there is a proper internet cafe nearby too - about 2 min walk from the hotel.in the hotel lobby there is also a phone charging locker - never seen that before in a hotel - very convenient, and on the 2nd floor theres a room where you can go iron your clothes. staff was helpful and efficient and when i called them to come to lower the heating temperature, they were there in 5 min. they have luggage storage facilities at 0.50gbp per luggage. hotel is very central, somewhere around 10 to 15 min walk from oxford street, if you want to go back from oxford street you can just pick the no 7 bus to russell square and you'll be pretty close.be sure to close your window curtains if you are dressing up in your room since in the opposite side of the street there are some offices... they might enjoy the show though =)	
Feb 26 2008 	Overall OK	Was dreading staying after reading all the terrible reviews but have to say was pleasantly surprised at the spacious room we got and also the cleanliness of it. The only problem with the room was you could not turn down the radiator, but left window open all day so not too bad. We had continental breakfast which was basic, nothing outstanding but ok. We had no long wait to check in or out at all. There were times the lobby was overflowing with bus tours but overall not bad. The hotel is ideally situated near russel square tube station so very easy to get around.	
Feb 25 2008	Satisfactory	Our group of 22 stayed for 2 nights on a school trip. People have complained about the noise but we fitted in as we were rather noisy. Rooms were clean and breakfast was busy but it was fine. We didn't come into contact with any staff except the breakfast usher, who was smiley and helpful. The views were horrible and the room had a funny smell, but if you opened the window and aired the room it was okay. I would stay here again, but i'm not moany or picky and i found it a fine place to stay!!	
Feb 25 2008	Satisfactory	The location was perfect, were close to shops and the tube stations. However, the building was definatly not a pretty sight from the outside, although it was satisfactory on the inside. When we arrived we were allowed into our rooms, although many of them had yet not been cleaned. Also, whilst changing a cleaner let themselves into there room unannounced, a sight im sure they would have rather not seen. The lifts seem to fit alot of people, but alot of the time refuse to lift you from the ground and allow you to be stuck. The warmth of the rooms were up to scratch, but the showers were a little unpredictable! The food for breakfast was SHOCKINGLY bad. And a cost of £4 for an English breakfast. Apart from that, i had fun!	
Feb 21 2008 	Don`t go there!	My daughter and myself wanted a fairly reasonable hotel close to a tube station and theatreland as we were travelling down to see two shows. Location was right, but reasonable hotel?? I think not! Wish I had read the reviews on here before I booked, as everything they say is spot on! From the never ending tour buses dropping off hordes of young people (their behaviour was never an issue during our stay, I have to say), the hour long queue to check in, the small, old fashioned overheated room (At least it was clean), the thin uncomfortable plastic mattress on the bed.... Good job we were only staying one night! And as for the breakfast!! Queued up like a school dinner hall so that a school dinner lady could lump some greasy breakfast on your plate. No choice for veggies, so I was given 3 hard fried eggs and 2 large spoonfuls of beans..... yummy!! Found the staff to be indifferent, poor souls, probably stressed to bits!!Only plus side was its proximity to the tube station so we could make a quick getaway!!!	
Feb 20 2008 	schooldays remembered	Hotel rooms basic.Breakfast is like a school canteen,all fight for your dishes and food.English breakfast already plated and thrown at you when you get it.Queues for breakfast massive.Beds leave a lot to be desired,wheels have a mind of their own.Staff not too pleasant.Rooms were not ready even after book in time.Tea and coffee facilities basic,as in the milk was powdered.Dishes for breakfast cereal and toast were always wet from being washed.Had to wipe them before use.Overall not impressed.	
Feb 19 2008	You couldn't pay me enough to go back!	This hotel was a disgrace to say the least! Where do I start with the problems? We went as a school trip and there was 30 of us in total. 1. One girl's bed was broken.2. Under the broken bed we found a card for a brothel.3. There were suspicious stains on the walls and carpets.4. The showers were so powerful they hurt when you used them.5. You only got one towel each.6. The doors had no &quot;spy-glass&quot; in them which is dangerous as you cannot see who is knocking at your door!7. On the day we were leaving we were packing our suitcases at 9am and the cleaner just walked straight into our room. He didn't even knock! Just stuck his master card in the slot and walked straight it then he didn't even apologise! Luckily for him we were all fully dressed or that would have been a big claim!8. The beds were on wheels and moved very easily.9. The breakfast was ATROCIOUS! It was literally like being in the canteen in school. Extra fiver for a cooked breakfast which looked disgusting. Their interpretation of &quot;continental breakfast&quot; was a choice of bran flake, corn flakes or rice krispies with a mountain of cold burnt toast. What happened to croissants and bagels or even fresh fruit? The orange juice was just a law unto itself. As someone who is allergic to oranges what was I supposed to do when they offer nothing else to drink???10. The noise in the middle of the night from outside the hotel on the street was dreadful.11. The windows are large and wide and do NOT have the safety-catch attached when you first enter your room - you have to put it on yourself. 12. The limited options of things you can buy from their vending machines are extremely over-priced.Overall, the worst hotel experience I have EVER had and, seriously, you could never pay me enough money to go back! The only good thing I have to say about the place is that it is good for local attractions and ammenities.Hint: If you want a good breakfast - go to the Tesco opposite Russell Square Tube Station!	
Feb 19 2008	think twice BEFORE you book	Stayed for 4 nights in feb 2008. The hotel is huge, and always full, most of the guests are groups of children-youngsters, very noisy. The reception, lobby and cafeteria (that is the restaurant) make you feel like in a railway station or airport. The front office do their best to manage the asalt. The rooms look like in the 70is, with new carpets and more recent tv set. Bathrooms are clean and towels replaced daily, but the fitings are old and rusty. Very noisy in the nights, as the youngsters always enjoy their stay at the hotel, so yelling, partying on hallways, knocking on doors, or screaming in the inner courtyard is frequent. The breakfast is either continental ( butter, jelly, cereals, milk) or english breakfast ( at least 10 minutes waiting queue). We saw situations of guests leaving after seeing how the breakfast hall looked like, packed with noisy crowds. In the evening the cafeteria turn in a fast-food like restaurant (fish&amp;chips for less then 5gbp). There is a Chineese restaurant and a swimming pool, but we never made it to those. Though, we tried the services of the travel agent in the inner courtyard, they have tours and tickets for many events. It is the first hotel in major european cities where city maps were not free of charge ( they cost 2 gbp). ====== on the other side, the location is excelent, just behind British Museum (hence the school groups), and the rates very low ( booked on a internet reservation system for 35 eur/pers/night, continental breakfast).	
Feb 18 2008	Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in	I stayed here for a seminar in the same hotel and it must be the worst hotel I have ever stayed in, its filthy and noisy, can't think of a single good thing to say about this hotel. It is cheapish for London but you can get far better deals if you shop around	
Feb 17 2008 	Give it a miss	Booked thru Thomas Cook who as you can imagine said what a wonderful Hotel. So, off we went &amp; booked an extra night ( 3 nights in total ) As it was our Wedding anniversary I contacted the Hotel by E mail to add a few extras as it were, to this special weekend break (willing to pay for all additions)My E mail was ignored and when we arrived, the ques to check in were about an hour. The room stank of smoke although reqested non smoke room. No shampoo, hair dryer (did get one for £20 deposit) 1 towel each. Are you getting the picture?70s room decor, a double bed that rolled both of you together in the middle, so old was that bed. (Handy for annivesary novelty bed) I kid you not, but at breakfast you had to stand in line with about 60 to 80 persons to que for a hot breakfast.Good central location and we were out most of the time (just as well) no fridge, or any other little helpful extras of ANY kind.Take my word, spend a bit more and get even the basics in other Hotels.Enjoyed London as always and it would have been nice to have spent extra money with the Hotel to have a few extras for a special weekend.On reflection, I really don't think the Hotel had any thing extra that would have made a difference.	
Feb 15 2008 	Too big for me!	As many other reviewers have stated, this hotel is huge. I don't think I've ever stayed at a bigger one. It's full of school trips and organised tours from all over the world. Goodness knows how they organise it, but they do!Check in was quick and easy. As a couple we were disappointed to find our room was a couple of single beds that couldn't be easily pushed together. We went straight back down and pleaded our case (it was Valentine's day!) and they immediately changed it to a more suitable room. I had sent my husband a Valentine's card in advance and it was waiting for him when we arrived. Top marks for service! The room was basic and reasonably clean. The beds were a little small and were on wheels so every time you moved it would travel across the room a little! There was a TV with plenty of channels and some radio too. The bathroom was clean and functional - I guess that's all I can say! The room could do with being updated but then it's a basic place to rest your head, so I wonder if there is any point in doing so? It was noisy too, a natural effect of having so many people in and out of rooms all the time. Breakfast reminded me of being back at school, in the queue for the canteen. Having said that the food was fine! There were several bars with a pretty cheap pint considering this is the middle of London! My husband and I spent an entertaining hour after we'd been to the theatre watching the school parties attempt to get served, and guessed who would and wouldn't be served alcohol. Tip for teenagers - don't look too trendy, like a shop assistant in Top Shop. Only young girls dress like that so you instantly look too young to buy alcohol! The hotel is very close to Russell Square tube station. All in all I don't think I would go back to the Royal National. It is very good at catering for large parties and organised tours. It service is excellent and it's very convenient, but it's just not really for me. Next time I visit London I think I would either stay at a Travel Inn-type hotel which has more updated facilities, or a posh hotel to get a bit of luxury. I can't fault it for what it is though!	
Feb 15 2008 	Appalling	Stayed in this hotl for one night as part of a Superbreak package. Thank goodness it was only for one night. I wouldn't have minded if we were only paying reasonable prices but, for me, this place was expensive.The room was small and pokey. There was a kettle and coffee but no milk or sugar. No shampoos or soap in the bathroom. The window wouldn't shut properly so we were treated all night to the sound of the traffic, sirens, noise from the street below.Breakfast was like an army camp... after managing to get across the windswept, wet courtyard, the queue for the food stretched to the door. Food was dolloped on the plate as you went by and this delight could be washed down with some watered &quot;orange juice&quot;. Woe betide you if you forgot your yellow slip - no cooked breakfast for you!The location wasn't bad and the tube station isn't far away. Fortunately there is a great little Italian restaurant not far down the road where we were able to get a coffee and a cake. No chance of a coffee in the hotel on a Saturday evening.No - we were pleased to get away from it - not an experience I would want to repeat, especially after having spent the previous week in a most delightful hotel in Reykjavik at half the price.	
Feb 11 2008 	very noisy-party hotel	This hotel seems to be the party hotel. The court yard at night is full of people, mostly under age 20, drinking, smoking, singing, yelling into the wee hours of the early morning. Between midnight and 3 am seems to be the loudest time. Sleep was very difficult. Ear plugs and the noise-cancellation head phones did not help. The room was very hot-the heat is either on or off, no way to be inbetween, so until 10pm the window had to be open. Closing the window after 10pm only made the room hotter, and the noise level was still unbelievable! A clock and kleenex in the room would have been nice. The tub/shower is a disaster waiting for some to fall-it's very high to climb into. One has to be able to climb into it, and then it's very slippery. Bring a bath mat! We were not in the room much and when there only wanted to sleep. If you want to be up at night, then this is the place to stay!!!	
Feb 11 2008	Great experience!!	The Royal National was perfect for us three sisters aged 19,21 and 24 as we stayed 3 nights in London. Compared to the other hotels in London, I have stayed at, this was so clean and not as worn as the others. We stayed in a triple, room 6226, on the 6th floor and we had a lovely bathroom with a bath tub. Our telly worked perfectly and had most of the English channels and also a few German. The room was clean and our beds comfy with two pillows each.Yes, the hotel is huge and is filled with large groups of kids that run screaming around the courtyard and there were constantly buses dropping new guests off, but we hardly noticed as we stayed infront of the hotel. The breakfast was alright, but we did have to fight for a piece of toast one morning, as there was so many people and so little toast! Attached to the hotel there is a resturant, a giftshop and a nice pub, where you can buy nice and cheap fish&amp;chips and other courses. Since there are so many rooms and very long halls, my younger sister kept calling the hotel &quot;the hospital&quot; by mistake! :) But we loved it anyway! If you look for a small private runned hotel, you should look elsewhere. For the price, this is surely value for money!We found the hotel perfect, and we will defintely stay there, when we go shopping again!	
Feb 11 2008 	Great Place to Stay	Me and a friend stayed at this hotel on April, 2007. It was a very pleasent time! The hotel is huge ( remember to keep the number of your room and the floor always in mind), always crowded ( I just love seeing people going in &amp; out from hotels) and the location is marvellous. It's near the tube station, the British Museum, and you can go to all important attractions of London by foot. I would definetely return!	
Feb 4 2008	Great hotel Fabulous Break	This hotel is great value for the price you pay especially if you get a cheaper internet deal. The location is 2 mins walk from russell square tube station and there is a 24 hour tesco opposite the underground which is very convinient. The area is also very lit up so you feel safe to walk around at night. The hotel is really good all the staff are friendly and helpful and you can leave your luggage if you arrive before your check-in. The rooms are nice and clean and have a tv and kettle. Although the corridors are a bit confusing beacause the hotel is big. Breakfast is a bit mad kind of like a school canteen and the orange juice is a waterey but apat from that its is fine. I would recomend this hotel and would stay in it again.	
Jan 20 2008	God Awful Hotel	From the outside this hotel looked like council flats. The rooms, which we stayed for only one night in, were OK decorative wise but on closer inspection me and my two friends discovered 'unidentified' sticky goo on the walls and damp in the bathroom ( which smelt funny too). We discovered all sorts of nastiness on the floors and also noticed that the actually quite springy beds (we were bouncing on them b.t.w) had some surprises. During our all night bed-bouncing spree the sheets fell on the floor and the sheet thats meant to go on top of the mattress had not being removed and a new one had simply being placed over it. Eeuurrh, we thought. Luckily we didn't need the services of the beds that night. Another point about the safety of the rooms was the fact that the windows were incredibly low and wide and were not locked. Very hungry after being told by our teachers not to leave the rooms we were looking forward to breakfast and as we arrived in the breakfast bit we saw lots of people eating cooked breakfasts. We later found out that we could only have the cold toast and bread option. The orange juice was also horrible. A high point of the trip was location. The hotel was quite central with lots of tourist attractions surrounding it. It was only a 10 minute walk from the tube, too.	
Jan 19 2008 	Great Place To Stay!	What a great location. We would definitely stay at this hotel again. It was just my daughter and myself and we felt very safe to walk in the area at night. Very short walk to the Russell Square Underground Station. I was amazed at how close all the London attractions are to the hotel. Great restuarants close by. Hop on Hop off tour buses stop right at the hotel. Rooms were very adequate and very clean. Pleasant and helpful staff.	
Jan 17 2008 	You get what you pay for.	We got a good deal on this hotel through BA Holidays and were not expecting much for the price we got. The hotel is well located near the British Museum but is like a small city unto itself. The rooms are very small, bathrooms are adequate, service was OK but what sticks out in our minds was the terrible breakfast provided at the hotel. Cold soggy dry toast, instant coffee, powdered orange juice, etc. You get the picture! Price was good for central London but I think you can do better. Try the Premier Travel Inns.	
Jan 13 2008 	Marginal stay only in a pinch	. We stayed here in Nov. 2007. We really wanted to stay at the Holiday Inn, on Coram St., about a half block away, as we had stayed there 2 years ago, and loved the location. But the Holiday Inn was too expensive.So, I booked the Royal National Hotel through British Airways. The price was $118 per night, for 2 persons, including all taxes and continental breakfast. That is cheap, for London. The location is great. If you arrive at Heathrow Airport, get on the tube, and get off at the Russell Square stop. When you come out of the tube station - there is only one entrance - walk across the street and turn left. Then walk down to the next big street, Woburn. Cross Woburn Street, and turn right. The hotel entrance is about 50 feet on your left. The rooms are actually a bit larger than those at the nearby Holiday Inn. The bathroom is large, and has a tub. But there were mildew stains in the bathroom. I guess I could have gone out and brought a bottle of bleach and scrubbed the tiles - but that's not my job. Our room looked out over a courtyard of sorts, and was quiet. The worst part was the skinny mattress on the bed - not comfortable at all. The heat worked well, and was easy to regulate ( no A/C in the rooms ). The continental breakfast was miserly - tea or coffee, a diluted orange drink, white bread, butter and jam. This is the only place in the UK where I have ever had a lousy cup of tea. My wife refused to drink the coffee, so we had to go to Starbucks every morning. This is a huge hotel - well over a thousand rooms.If they would put a decent bed in the room, I might recommend it. This is London, so bring lots of money . However, ticket prices at the West End theaters are no worse than those on Broadway, in New York.	
Jan 9 2008	Value for price.	One of multiple stays over the years. Clean, and quiet. There are always young groups/school tours because it is big, cheap, and convenient. The location has been greatly improved by a nearby urban renewal (late 2006) of the local shopping center - A block away - with a new Waitrose supermarket and small shops and restaurants, including my personal favorite, Giraffe. Also a good Italian, forget the name, but there are eateries all around the place. For a hardy walker, West End is walking distance and of course the British museum and Russell Square park are right near the hotel. It is convenient by bus to King's Cross/St. Pancras (the new station for Eurostar) and being on Picadilly line, no tube changes to/from Heathrow. Breakfast was always fine, typical and hot food available on the spot for purchase. Downsides we experienced on this trip - repeatedly had trouble with our door cards. The registration staff are often ESL (learning English) and almost every day we had to have our cards replaced, often 2-3 times. A real drag when you come in from an exhausting day, having to go up and down, and up and down trying to straighten it out. When we finally got an English speaking clerk not in training, the cards worked perfectly from then on. In such an &quot;international&quot; hotel I wouldn't expect tourist information from check-in. If you need that, cross the lobby to the opposite desk (concierge?). I would seek tourist and restaurant tips from them, or the tour shops outside the hotel, not the trainee registrars. The Old Original bus tour has a pick-up point outside the hotel; the attendants are helpful, and sell tickets to many sights. Save by booking the bus tour online(online tickets are undated).The hotel's size/age works to advantage; daytrip/coach tours often have it as one of the departure points.	
Jan 8 2008 	Great location best price basic rooms clean hotel frendly staff	Read the reviews online, was going to cancel and book elsewhere - then thought we'd just go for it. Glad we did! Very big hotel, which meens a little longer wait at check-in - so what. Check out was a snap. Great location to the subway, great price on rooms, shops around enough to satisfy any need. Staff was friendly, rooms were basic but clean, (wasn't there to see a room - was there to see London) super water pressure and great hot water. Only two negatives1) Building has a square in the middle and the noises from the bar, busses, people below get's trapped in the square making the rooms on the square side get alot of noise. Wife and I didn't get back till late so things were quite when we wanted it most. 2) Gym is Not in the building - there's an agreement with a gym down the street (close by) and it will cost you (8 pound) each time you uses it (ouch).Otherwise - go for it! Would definately use it again.	
Jan 6 2008	Just a piece of [-]	I stayed at Royal National for 4 days. We went there in a school trip, and the hotel was the only con for all the trip. At fisrt, you get there, and you think: &quot;Well, it is nice.&quot; In fact, just the lobby was nice. Once you get into your room; such a difficult experience, some people got lost, you go back into time 20 years. Just a fluorescent tube lighted the room. The mattresses are so thin and soft that you feel like sleeping over wires and springs. You cannot disconnect or turn down the heating, in the rooms where available, some of them are broken. The TV remote control didn't work at all. The lifts are very old and make strange noises. You can hear noises from the other rooms at night and the bathrooms (Where, curiosely, the heating is more needed) weren't very clean, and have separate taps. The prices are quite high, the staff isn't very friendly, the breakfast was cold and didn't taste well, and you get lost easily. I think the best point of this hotel was the emplacement. I think after this you need no pics.Get another one, if you can.	
Jan 4 2008	A real gem	I have just spent seventeen days at the Royal National Hotel in London over Christmas and New Year, and cannot recomend it too highly. Our room was on the sixth floor, and the lifts were very efficient. The room was a good size, spotlessly clean, and excellently maintained by the staff. The staff were polite and helpful at all times, even when under the pressure of the crowds of people over the Festive Season. The hotel is central, and bus and tube service are handy, and very efficient. All a traveller's needs are provided for - internet, meals, bookings, concierge service etc. Definitely a place to revisit.	
Jan 2 2008 	not worth a visit	Check in had a queue but wasn't kept waiting too long, lots of large travel groups in reception. Lifts were small and very little mostly with suitcases.Had a triple room, which interlocked with another room (we didn't ask for this) and the door was very hard to lock again once we looked inside to see what it was which was scary as someone could get in our room! Room as adequately clean, dust on lights and mirrors. Bedding was reasonably clean had a tear in the sheets but no other marks. Under beds very dirty found a used tissue... Tea and coffee facilities were available but not so good, not branded and no milk just coffee whitener. Bathroom was clean, but shower roof was very moldy. Towels horrible, I didn't realize till I got out mine was completely stained black…! Bath sheets were size of hand towels. Wasn't provided with a bath mat so used a blanket out of cupboard instead.Walls very thin could hear everything next door.Breakfast did pay the £4.00 for the hot breakfast, had cold toast that had been sat in a basket, wasn't fresh cooked. Didn't try cereals… Not fresh meats etc on offer.	
Jan 2 2008 	Handy 	This hotel is well located near the West End theatres and had exceptional service by the staff.As part of a theatre break, we stayed for one night in the Royal National. This is a three star hotel and looking at the room this is quite noticeable. The TV only has channels 1-5 and the bathroom in the corners obviously needs some updated work.However, the reception on check-in and concierge were all very friendly. They went the extra mile in all instances.The English breakfast which was included in the price (had to pay a smal extra for children, as expected) was nice and although you could pick what you wanted, you could go up for more, which was ideal to start a chilly, sunny walk around the shops.This is ideal for a one night stay, located a very short walk from Russell Square tube and we would use again.	
