Sep 28 2009 	Never again	Please avoid this hotel! I am a fairly easy to please person but I can find very little to praise about this place. I was travelling with a group of 14 friends and someone else booked this hotel, had I had a choice I would certainly not have stayed here. The staff were completelty disinterested, the rooms were an ok size, but the bathroom was tiny. No air conditioning so the rooms were very stuffy. Luckily I had a room facing the back, my friends who were at the front of the hotel couldn't sleep cos of the traffic noise. There are FAR better hotels in London for the same price. In short, avoid this at all costs!	
Aug 9 2009 	Great stay!	When we booked the room, we requested one that was quiet and did not face the main road in front of the hotel. On arrival, we were presented with a very small, yet super clean, quiet and very comfortable room. The window was facing a tiny &quot;backyard&quot;, but that's what we asked for.The hotel hasn't got a very high score on tripadvisor, so we were a bit anxious. Fortunately, most of what we read was wrong. The hotel lobby is modern and they have free wi-fi there. The room must also have been quite recently renewed, in our opinion. The king size bed was very comfortable and for the first time ever we didn't need to ask for more pillows!Didn't try the free breakfast, since we always sleep past hotel breakfast time.We stayed for 9 days, and on the first day my girlfriend's bag was stolen in a bar. The staff at the hotel wasn't VERY helpful when we asked about the whereabouts of a police station etc. However, they weren't rude or anything. Some of the staff could do with a course in smiling and service, though.They get a plus for having Gloucester Road tube station within a 4-minute walking distance! But the area around Gloucester Road Station is a bit....ahem...boring and scruffy, and we recommend to walk the 800 metres to Earls Court for breakfast and a pint later on. An exception is the burger joint, &quot;Byron&quot;, who served the best burgers we have had in London. All in all, considering the cheap room rate (72£/n), when we summarized what's important for us in a hotel, Kensington Rooms fulfilled most of our needs, and because of all the bad reviews we were surprised in a positive way!	
Jul 7 2009 	Loved It!!!	Picking a hotel 4 our 1st trip to london we were nervous about hotels after our terrible choice of hotel in new york(the carter hotel)!!! however we were more then happy with the kensington rooms! the lobby is modern however the hallways could do with a touch up... our room was much bigger then expected and i loved the spacious feel... the bathrom was expectionally clean and the bathrobes were heavenly! staff werent to friendly or helpful however because of the lack of time we spent there we didnt care.. Other reviews of here says the rooms are tiny and maybe we were just lucky to recieve a large room but i was over the moon! Although not in the city centre its only a few station away from westminister by underground!	
Jul 7 2009 	Nice hot and noisy	Very friendly service, clean and OK breakfast - but when there's not aircondition and it's 30 degrees outside the windows have to be open. And the noise from Crowell Rd. is really loud - 24 hours a day... Hard to sleep....Make sure you book a room away from the Crowell Rd.	
Jun 6 2009 	Half Finished and Disappointing	Stayed here on the night of the 26th May. Very funky/modern ground floor which is not matched by the tired and smelly decor of our 4th floor bedroom. Place has the air of being half-finished and being renovated piecemeal/on the cheap.Room was cramped, bathroom was awful. Breakfast was lousy and service from non-English speaking staff (why do they get annoyed with my lack of understanding?) was abysmal. To be honest, if it's the Kensington Rooms experience you're after; save yourself some cash by heading to the YMCA.	
Jun 4 2009 	Town house hotel that may be worth the money but not more	Very funny how many different opinions there are about this property. I actually read them before I booked the property for one night. In the end it was not as bad as some of the reviews were but definitely also not as good as some of the better once that were given. I guess you get what you pay for. I stayed the second night at the Milennium Baileys Kensington for the same rate and there was definitely more value for money then at the Kensingtonrooms. My impression of the Kensingtonrooms is an individually managed hotel that tries to get the most out of what is there but does not think of improving it or making the guests stay into an experience. I had a small room and the hall ways are tight and with a lot of different levels, which could give it a very nice town house feel but that does unfortunately not come across as nice as it could.	
May 28 2009 	Good location pleasant staff clean bright and well-managed	This hotel is around 5 minutes walk from Gloucester Rd tube station and being a central hotel there is some traffic noise (of course!) So ignore the feedback about noise - it's not too bad and every hotel in this area has similar feedback on noise.The staff are nice: pleasant, courteous and unobtrusive.The rooms vary as it's an old building. I've stayed twice and the first time the room was smaller. This visit I had a huge room. They're always clean, bright and airy. Breakfast was good for a continental breakfast - croissants, pan au chocolate, toast, cereal, yoghurt, fruit, fruit juice, selection of teas and coffee.There are plenty restaurants nearby (but the ones closest to the hotel are quite expensive for drinks). Walk to Gloucester Rd for a better selection - I can recommend Med Kitchen or if you want something closer the Thai place across the road from the hotel on Cromwell Rd is reasonable and their Thai Green Curry was pretty good.	
May 5 2009	Funky cool affordable hotel	This place was cool, I booked it on expedia with the flight and got a good deal. I think it was before 2006 that i went but worth reviewing anyway. The location is good, near Hyde park, museums and shops as well as a subway. The layout of the hotel was a bit hard to follow, but i liked the eclectic decor and the bar.	
Mar 10 2009 	Definitely not suitable for business people	Nice small hotel into town, wrongly managedMade a booking for a my clients and unfortunatly a last minute illness made them not to come. Cancelled on the same day, they still charged us the hole amounth of the booking instead of begging human charging a resoneable amounth for the cancellation.Shame not to understand bussiness people travelling all the time dealing with flights conexions, rushing everywhere begging out of home.I am really sorry to say all of this but there's a lack of profesionals able able to understand everyday problems, instead of sticking to a Hotel policies ripping people off.Thank you.	
Jan 3 2009 	Great	absolutely cracking little hotel, the room wasnt small at all, the bathroom was a little snug but had everything that it needed. seriously dont listen to any of the bad reviews, they had really put a downer on the thought of staying there, however when we arrived we were so pleased! beds are extremely comfy!!!	
Nov 22 2008 	Awful night!	The worse night I have ever spent in a hotel!Very noisy – constant noise from traffic thorughout the night &amp; the windows shook as heavy duty traffic drove by (I kid not) – the walls were so I could snoring from the room next door.Also, a very small room if I laid flat on the floor and reached up, I could touch both walls of the width of the room. For the first time ever in my travels I had to wriggle around the sink to reach the loo on the left and was just about able to manoeuvre myself into the shower....I am 5’3” and weigh 8 stone (in other word I’m a short size 10...not very big.Definitely not value for money &amp; would certainly never stay there again.S. Wilson	
Nov 3 2008 	great location not so great rooms!!!	stayed for a weekend with my boyfriend. main purpose of the trip was to go to a chelsea match at stamford bridge and for that the hotel was great! close to the tube station and short journey to the centre and the stadium. but rooms were tiny, only a bed in the room. a 'double bed' which was two singles pushed together!! no storage and the ensuite was a matchbox.. great if u dont spend anytime in the room!!!	
Oct 23 2008 	Nice little modern hotel	My boyfriend &amp; I stayed here whilst spending the weekend in London. First of all great location. 3 minute walk from Gloucester Rd tube station, 10 minute walk to Kensington high st, 15 minute walk to Kensington Gardens &amp; Hyde park &amp; easy access to all of london on the underground. The hotel itself is contemporary &amp; modern which gives a nice feel &amp; we were nicely surprised. The breakfast is a continental buffet, so you can fill yourself up if you wish although as soon as ending time comes they start clearing the tables. In the rooms they provide tea &amp; coffee etc. The only downside we came across was that the staff certainly aren't the friendliest. Not necessarily rude but no smiles to be seen. Overall good little hotel &amp; perfect for weekends away.	
Oct 13 2008	Great hotel and clean but traffic noise a problem	I have now stayed at this hotel twice in the past few months and found it to be better than your average budget hotel. The single rooms are absolutely tiny but smart , fresh-looking and CLEAN, and they are designed to use the small amount of space quite usefully. There has always been plenty of hot water on my visits and the bathrooms have been immaculate, if cramped (but no more cramped than far less clean or modern budget hotels I've stayed at in London). I have found staff to be perfectly nice on both my stays, though I can't comment on the breakfast as I have always been too short of time to stop and eat there.The one drawback is traffic noise from the road outside - it is very loud indeed, but personally it doesn't bother me and I have slept perfectly well when I have stayed there. Something to be aware of, though.All in all, Kengsington rooms feels modern, clean (this is so important in cheaper London hotels, which are often hideous!), well-designed (no flowery bedspreads or old, stained carpet, just simple modern lines, though clearly done on a budget) and not at all bad for the money. The location, near Gloucester Rd tube, is also great. Free wifi in the lobby (and I think this is now extending to some of the rooms) is another bonus.	
Sep 17 2008 	Very modern	This hotel is trying to be ultra modern and stylish, but it's not worth the money. The room was small and decorated like an art gallery. The breakfast room is way too small and the food very mediocre. The hotel should concentrate on service etc rather than buying the latest in-trend vase or oddly-shaped chair.	
Aug 31 2008 	dreadful	Room was so small the entire floor space was taken up by the bed. The shower in the bathroom had no shower curtain or door, so everytime you shower, the entire bathroom gets soaked. It was 75 degrees out and the room had no airconditioning and only a tiny tiny window that you could barely open up. The room had a hairdryer, but it was attached to the wall in the corner of the room by the floor so you could use it by the mirror.	
Aug 26 2008 	Pictures deceiving	We used this hotel following a concert at Earls Court. It served its purpose as an overnight stay but I wouldn't recommend it for anything more than that. We could walk to Earls Court in about 15mins and it's only 5 mins from Gloucester Road tube which are both plus points. The room was tiny, the bathroom old fashioned and tiny. The hotel has obviously received a quick refurbishment to make it appear new and modern but on closer inspection, it's cheap and shabby.I would recommend this hotel if you wanted a quick overnight stay following a night at Earls Court. I wouldn't recommend it for any stay that you were planning to spend any amount of time in the room! Breakfast was continental and ok but the staff seemed particularly unfriendly and unwelcoming.	
Aug 22 2008 	Nice location	We had already booked this hotel and then we read some bad reviews at trip advisor. We found everything quite good and we had a great time there although the lobby of the hotel had nothing to do with the pictures we had seen on the internet site and there wasn't a pool. But the staff were very friendly and helpful, the locaton couldn't have been better and we had a quiet sleep (maybe because our rooms were at the back side of the hotel). Breakfast was OK ( my husband would prefer a larger variety), and the rooms were very clean. Each room had its own bathroom with clean towels eveyday. There were two big supermarkets nearby and the neighbourhood seemed quite safe. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London for tourism and sightseeing. It was a great choice for us ( two couples from Greece).	
Aug 1 2008 	TRY AGAIN	dont trust any of the photos you see on the website, the hotel is very old and they have just done a quick patch-up job to make it look modern, unfortunatly it doesnt do anything but make the hotel look tacky. they have an elevator but you will end up lugging you suitcase up a million stairs. the staff are rude, not one of them made my family or i feel welcome. the food is terrible and the bathrooms are actually dangerous. the only good thing about the hotel is that its about a 10 min walk to the tube.	
Jun 16 2008 	GREAT FOR PRICE!	I booked this hotel with lastminute.com as a theatre and hotel break it was a great deal at only 93 pounds! for both me and my partner plus two theatre tickets!i was bit unsure about booking as i had read the reviews on here a they wasn't great but i found my stay at the hotel overall was good especially for the price i paid.location is great as your 5 minutes from nearest tube and 45mins from london victoria on foot. near the museums and harrods and bout 20 minutes from hyde park!the rooms where big enough for one or two nights....clean white sheets always a plus for me, my room was on the main road and was very noisy but london is 24/7 and if i went back would just request a room nearer the back of the hotel.staff wernt very helpful but they are all mostly foreign and that didnt bother me. didnt use hotel facilities really as would rather spend night in london. breakfast was fresh pastries, toast, cereals, fruit, tea and coffee which was very nice and all you needed.Great for weekend break but not so good for a longer stay and was pleased with the price i paid and would go back again!	
Jun 5 2008	not so good	ive stayed here twice now and found it to be small, claustrophobic and staff rather unfriendly. i was unwell the 2nd time i stayed here and found the room very hard to be in as it was so small and there was no room to move. the location is OK, but i did feel a bit out of the london atmosphere	
May 24 2008 	Tiny rooms may suit some people but....	My wife and I stayed here for 7 nights. My travel agent recommended it - but I don't understand why. Our room - with King size bed - had almost no storage space and nowhere to sit other than the bed or one upright chair squashed between a wall and what must be an apology for a side table. Almost nowhere to store cases and bags except beside the bed. Bathroom is long and narrow and requires contortionist to use it without opening the door to the main (bed) room. Breakfast is OK. Some staff quite friendly, others not so. Excuses re barman not turning up for work. Overall not impressed and certainly would look elsewhere next time.Earlier this trip we stayed at Premier Inn Putney Bridge - MUCH better hotel which we would recommend. Similar price, lovely area, although a bit further from town.	
May 21 2008	Tiny Room	Tiny twin room with two small single beds at right angles (as wouldn't fit side by side). Tiny wardrobe with maybe 6 hangers, no other storage space or place for suitcase. Paint peeling off walls because of damp. Tiny shower room with edge of basin across entrance to shower. Water tepid. Black mould spots on ceilingVery loud road noise all night as no double glazing. The room was nothing like the pictures on the website. The bar area, although spacious, was not anything special. Overall, nothing lived up to the hype on the web site which promised wonderful beds and bathrobes - nothing like that in our room.Athough cheap for the area, the room was not worth the money.A most uncomfortable night.	
May 9 2008 	Not bad	This hotel was in a decent location. It was only a few minute walk to the Tube. We walked a lot both day and night and felt safe. It's close to museums and not too far a walk to Kensington Palace. The room is very small and the bathroom is equally small, but it was at least clean. The breakfast certaintly wasn't anything to write home about, but it was ok. I really enjoyed the lounge area outside of the bar. The staff was young and wasn't very helpful with providing information, but we managed. All in all, it was an average hotel.	
May 1 2008 	OK but you can find better for your money	Location is good - close to Tube, close to V&amp;A museum, science museum, nat history museum and Harrods. I paid extra for a superior double room expecting to get something decent. The bed was OK. The room was very small, and looked shabby (NOT smart and modern like in the photographs). The bathroom had nice tiles. The shower was small with infold door so larger people may struggle to get in. The included Continental breakfast was fine, and I found the staff fine as well. OK for an overnight stay if you're not fussy. Overall though, a disappointment.	
Apr 16 2008 	Very bad hotel!!!	Very unfriendly and rude staff, very small rooms, very small bathrooms, very very bad breakfast. Avoid this hotel!!!	
Apr 12 2008 	Not as good as it appears	At first glance this hotel looks lovely - modern, fresh and cool. And it is, the lobby and waiting area are big, spacious and inviting. The rooms however, are tiny. There's just enough room for a bed, and my husband said it was difficult to use the toilet because there was no room to stand in front of it because the sink was in the way! There's no bath, just showers, and the door had fallen off ours. It was also very cold, and our friends said they could hear people through the walls being quite noisy. The hairdryer in our room was strangely located behind the TV so I had to crouch down there to use it. When I complained about the lack of heating, the reception staff were very unhelpful. There were no blankets and they wouldn't bring me any more.For the money we paid, we wished they'd used a bit of the money spent on the fancy lobby furniture on providing something a bit more useful in the bedrooms.	
Apr 9 2008 	Loved the fresh atmosphere	Ive read some not so good reviews about the hotel so i was slightly worried about my stay! However the hotel was lovely, not so far away from Gloucester street station, the reception had a nice fresh modern atmosphere, very clean white look with fresh flowers. We had a double delux, i read a review that the rooms were small, but the cleanliness of the room compensated. NIce large size bed, although the bathroom was small still had a bath and shower. Staff could have been friendlier but would definitely recommend this hotel and would also stay here again!	
Feb 4 2008 	Small Rooms But Nice...	It's a great hotel if you plan on spending lots of time around London seeing the sights and spending minimal time in your room. I only stayed for one night on January 29th. The beds were very comfy and the room was extremely tall. I agree with other reviews here that the majority of people who work at the hotel are from other countries and not specifically from London. I am from the US but it was somewhat hard talking to them or asking them questions. To some of the staff - english is their second language. Thankfully they were able to hold our luggage until our room was ready so we could get started on seeing the sights since we were only in London for 1 day. The only thing i wish i knew before staying there was that the closest underground station was Gloucester Road and not the Kensington station. The underground is about 2 - 3 blocks away which is great! It was also nice that there were hair dryers which looked like vacuum cleaners...which is always a plus.	
Jan 17 2008 	Brilliant location	I stayed in the kensington rooms hotel for 4 nights.We had a gorgeous room.no view but a huge bed and the shower was brilliant.extremely clean and modern.The Tube was only a 5 minute walk away if even..So we could go anywhere we wanted in a matter of minutes. The breakfast was plain and was just fruit and yogurts,tea and coffee. Other than that the hotel was a pleasure to stay in Its quiet and very private.. overall I would highly reccomend it for couples.	
Jan 13 2008	the worst hotel room I´ve ever stayed in.	The Kensington Rooms, Cromwell Road, London, KensingtonPeriod: 7.01.2008-11.01.2008I booked a twin room at the Kensington Rooms, Kensington, in the vain hope that I could trust the description and the photos displayed over the internet. They had no resemblance with reality. The room I got was 2 by 5 meters, including the ensuite facilities, which totalled less than 1 square meter. Only a contortionist will have a chance of using this convenience. Never again.Erling JensenDenmark	
Dec 18 2007 	politeness??	I stayed in a standard double room..it was soooo little!no space at all, we really didn't know where to put our things...then the safe was not working and I really couldnt move on the mini-bathroom!the maids threw away my showercap (why??) without putting there one of the hotel. The room was not dirt, but the dust was never polished away.But the thing I was most surprised with has been the unfriendliness of the staff!! NEVER a smile or a &quot;goodday&quot;!! I am a hotel receptionist too, in Italy, and the first thing we must have is politeness.. I really felt thet these receptionsts didn't care at all about their guests.. Anyway, you pay little... a good thing is the very near piccadilly line station, only a few minutes' walk.	
Nov 30 2007 	A Great 'Tourist' Hotel	I stayed here for a eight days in October. The location is amazing - three short blocks from the Gloucester Road station. Starbucks and Tesco right at the tube stop. I liked the contemporary update to the old building. It's a bit of a maiz to get to your room, but the elevator works. Keep in mind that this is a place designed for people who are tourists - meaning, you don't spend a lot of time in your room. The rooms are small - think your first dorm room in college - but they are well kept and nicely designed and the beds are soooo comfortable! The staff are just like anyone else in europe - be nice to them and they are nice to you. The hotel offers free wireless in the lobby area - which is great because you are forced to meet your fellow travellers. If you want an american style hotel - don't stay here. If you want a great European tourist hotel with great amenities and a ton of class - This is your place.	
Oct 18 2007 	Great Hotel	I happened to get a complimentary stay at Kensington Rooms, 3 girls going to London and despite the reviews we thought better to stay here for free than pay for somewhere else!!we arrived at the hotel and were laughing as we expected it to be a disaster, we had joked about the fact that we would probably have to stand on the beds to get changed etc. When we arrived at reception we were pleasantly surprised, the staff were very friendly and informative and bar area looked pretty cool. When we arrived in our room, we found it to be a very good size with three beds with comfy duvets, a desk and chair, tea making facilities and a good sized bathroom with bath! the room was cleaned every day and fresh towels were provided. Breakfast was fine, cereal, pastries and tea/coffee etc nothing overly exciting but it did the job.Location wise it's great for the tube, circle line and picaddilly lines are on the doorstep and its a lovely 15-20minute walk to knightsbridge where Harrods and Harvey Nicholls can be found.I would happily stay here again - providing I got this room of course!	
Oct 5 2007 	Very [--] Off!!!!!	This is the worst hotel ever!Upon our arrival we were greeted by non-english speaking, incompetent and un-helpful staff. The first room offered was a room in the basement. As we approached the room we were overcome by the smell of mouldy spores. After having difficulty finding this room through these rabbit warren like corridors, we were unable to open the door. Upon entering this musty mouldy and damp rooom we were astounded by the size for three people to live in. The heat was overwhelming (approximately 35 degrees c and outside was about 17) and the windows were unable to be opened. After many negotiations we were offered room 24, which again was a challenge to locate and could not open the door, staff assistance was required on many occassions. This room was even smaller than the basement room for the three of us. The heat in this room was stifling and the heating appeared to be stuck on. No windows could be opened. We asked staff for directions to local attractions, places to eat etc, they were unhelpful and untrained. We were unfortunately booked in for three nights and our final night was a classic. They had booked and engagement party, which consisted of loud music, causing walls, beds, light fitting to shake. Upon mentioning this to the staff at 8pm they said it was to be over by 12 midnight. The smoke alarm went off at 810pm because of people smoking at the function. Half of us (2 adults and two children) decided to pack and leave and choose the cold London air rather than stay there. At 920pm the smoke alarm went off again for the last time (we discovered later that the one staff member on duty had switched of the alarm, putting at risk all guests). After no sleep due to the loud music and the smell off smoke, we phoned reception only to be told that the noise would stop at 1am. The noise stopped at approx 115am, later we discovered that the one staff member had called the police to clear the party. The result was three hours sleep.  This was totally misrepresented in all advertising.This is the worst Hotel we have ever experienced, it was costly, Don't stay here!	
Sep 28 2007 	Covenient	Had to go to London on business and chose the hotel primarily for its proximity to my company. Saw the reviews and decided to try it for the reason stated above.Good location near the tube station and plenty of restaurants and supermarkets nearby so that I could get a bite before bed. The tube station is pretty close to the centra which was a bonus when the weekend came and I went into the centre.I found the room OK as well as the staff. The decor was nice so, Im not too sure what the others have experienced. Of course, the price was much higher than what Im used to in the far east but it is London and close to good communication links. The ride from Heathrow was especially fast .	
Aug 18 2007	Had a rat!	I sayed there with my sister for 4nights. The hotel is located NOT so close but around 7min straight walking from the nearest tube sta. But you gotta walk beside a very noisy smoky heavy traffic road to the hotel. That was the thing we could bear though.When we entered the hotel, there was an inpressive lobby and receptionist with nice suit looking. but the room we've got was astonishing. The bathroom was way too small and the water temp was almost uncontrolable, my sister was getting burnt! I called the reception immediatelely to change our room. It took bloddy long time and while we're waiting for a call for long time, we got A RAT in our bathroom! gosh it was nasty. I called the reception again and strongly asked to change the room. Then we finally got a new room but there're uncountably many steps up and down to the new one. So confusing structure of the building! No lift to the higher level. and The receptionist NEVER come to help us to carry our many luggage. never apologized either!I'd NEVER EVER recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Jul 11 2007 	Not a place I'd recommend	I and my colleagues travel a great deal all over the world and this has to be the worst hotel we have stayed in in the past 5 years. There is no air conditioning, it's over a busy main road with no double glazing and windows that don't close properly. Unfortuntately there was no option for accomodation in that area when we booked (Wimbledon was on at the time and hotels full to capacity). Rooms were not kept clean and there were stains on carpets and soft furnishings that I didn't want to investigate too fully. My colleague had a room with no bath plug and the handle of the bathroom door came off in his hand! leaving him securely inside until he managed to jam it back on with toilet paper and escape. The toiletries are the most basic that you can get, which is forgiveable if only it were clean. There is no room service (unless you want an interminable wait for a company that delivers) and no hot breakfast, unless you want to wait 40 mins (this is what we were told on the first day). I am aware that it is only a 3 star, but that doesn't mean that it has to be dirty... I would hate others to think that this is the standard of UK hotels.	
Jul 5 2007 	Not a good place to stay	Booked a 5 night stay after seeing this hotel's website. Twin room required. Two single beds back to back. Bathroom so small you had to walk sideways. Huge step up to the shower.Bed and bedding clean. Paintwork peeling. Bedside tables marked and worn. Radiator filthy. Small dirty cupboard to hang clothes in. 4 coathangers in total. When we asked the maid if we could have more she replied 'I don't think so'. Stayed one night then relocated.	
Jun 16 2007 	Stay clear!! !Filthy dirty!	I booked a single on late rooms and got the worst room ever. I was prepared for a small room but not for the 'curly hairs' in the sheets and the dirty carpet, not to mention the state of the bathroom. I nearly went across to Sainsburys to buy some bleach myself!Do not be fooled by the promo photos, look at the ones I've posted!The only good thing I have to say was I only had to put up with it for one night!	
Jun 9 2007 	Absolutely diabolical room 201. So small you honestly couldn't swing a cat.	IThis was my third visit to the hotel each time due to lack of availibility in the locality. I had the misfortune of staying in room 201, which was reached by lift and steep stairs. The door opened onto the single bed, which also acted as the telephone table. The bathroom was so tiny that you had to slide under the sink to get to the tolilet. The bed albeit clean linen smelt of stale urine. The response of the front of house receptionist to these issues &quot;I Know..........................&quot;	
Jun 8 2007 	Lovely Hotel Very Rude Staff	Location is fantastic, right by the tube. The hotel itself is very nice, modern decor. Our room was comfortable and spacious with a huge double bed. The staff unfortunately are the downfall of this hotel. They are extremely rude and unfriendly. I would consider returning to this hotel though it would be nice to have a smiling face behind the reception for a change.	
Apr 14 2007 	Odd Stay	I stayed at Kensington Rooms in a Single Room for two nights while on the return-leg of my week-long holiday in the UK. Having mastered how to make the most of my stay in this quirky hotel, I have some tips that I think will be helpful to travellers:~Map the location--Kensington Rooms is within two, easy blocks of Gloucester Rd. Underground, but is not obvious on Cromwell (and no one on the street will be able to tell you where it is.)~Memorize your way to and from the lift(s) inside the hotel--- You may get lost in the odd maze of hallways and rooms.~Expect a tiny room and a small shower--- My room, while tiny and oddly shaped, was clean enough and comfortable enough for my taste.~Bring earplugs--The traffic noise from Cromwell is overwhelming even for those of us who like white noise when we sleep. (This was the most significant problem I encountered during my stay.)~The people at the front desk are human. Smile at them, treat them with respect, and they will do likewise.I would consider staying at Kensington Rooms again.	
Apr 4 2007 	perhaps i was lucky?	I booked a room here AFTER reading all the reviews- was travelling with a collegue who had booked here and didn't want to be difficult. figured i would put up with one night in this place.My expectations were therefore below zero but i was almost pleasantly surprised. I paid GBP 99 incl breakfast which is not bad for London. The room was OK- nothing fancy but in a modernish design, with at least a duvet and not a dusty blanket and all clean. tiny shower indeed but this is London- you just don't get large rooms- at least not without dropping a few 100 quid. Breakfast was a buffet and was acceptable- no worse than any other British hotel. overall i though it was not a bad deal for what i paid. my main complaint would be the lack of internet in the room but there was free wifi in the lobby. Location-wise, it depends where you have to be in London- it is certainly a little while away from the West End and Soho but the underground is not far away.	
Mar 28 2007 	Terrible reception staff	We stayed for two nights at this hotel, the rooms are not the same as displayed on the internet. The reception staff is very rude and ignorant. These people must not work in a customer service related area, their service is very poor and their acknowledge of English very low.The room was clean but very small, breakfast was ok. Overall is the service very poor, next time in London we look for a better place, sorry.	
Mar 22 2007 	A total DUMP - do NOT stay here - bait and switch!	This is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. It was dirty, TINY and inconvenient from everything. The bathroom shower was so tiny I practically had to kiss the wall just to get in there. The room was dirty and the front desk was VERY rude. Another reviewer called this place a &quot;bait and switch&quot;. I couldn't agree more! The pics look nice, but the hotel doesn't look ANYTHING like them!	
Mar 6 2007 	False Advertising!	Was very disappointed with this &quot;hotel&quot;. Was given a room with a huge dip in teh middle of the bed, there was hardly any room to get out of teh bed the room was so small. There was none of the advertised items in the room, there was no curtain on the very large window in the bathroom. I went down to ask could I change rooms. The receptionist gave me 2 otehr keys to see if those rooms were better. They were even worse!!! with the bed up against the wall, in a basement like setting. When I tried to get on with things and asked where was the pool I was told that it was across the street at a cost of 15 stg each. This had NOT been specified on their website! When I showed them the print off of their website they brought out a different page and said I was mistaken. There was no apology for anything. I was wrong despite my evidence to teh contrary. I was treated appallingly and certainly won't return. I cancelled the room and went to the Mariott which was FAB. Although it was reasonable priced there was nothing honest in its website description	
Mar 1 2007	don't be fooled by the rooms showed on internet!	I booked this hotel mainly for the location and offcourse the beautifull rooms. When we got there round 18.00 ( tired from traveling) the lady at reception told us she had no booking for us.Blaming everyone but themselfs for this (--) up. Seeing that is was the week of the chinese new year, they were fully booked, but she would see what she could do. After a half hour waiting she told us she found us a room in the back of the hotel, nice and peacefull. When we opened the door of the room i fell strait on to the bed!! She gave us the bloody broomcupbourd!! The bed was as big as the room...i was to tired to complain. I remember other reviews were people said the beds were very good. That part is true. I saw it as my own fault...in the future when asked if i have any prefrences, apart from a non smoking room with bath, i shall ask for a room bigger than a closet!!!!	
Feb 6 2007	OzzyDave	I have stayed at Kensington Rooms four times over the last few years and would recommend it to anyone. Is it the Singapore Hilton? No it's not - nor does it cost anywhere near as much. It's a 3.5 star hotel in the middle of London and it is very good value for what it is. I have always found the rooms to be clean, comfortable and stylishly decorated if small. I think there is considerable variability in the style of room - each time I've stayed the room has been completely different!Gloucester Road tube is five minutes walk away, buses go past the front door, the marvellous Natural History Museum is just down the road, as is Harrods and many other attractions. It is also in a beautiful part of London if walking around the area is your thing!	
Jan 22 2007 	Spotlessly Clean 	I recently stayed at the Kensingon Rooms hotel in Jan 07 and found it to be very nice indeed. I usually stay at the Regents Palace hotel in Piccadilly (which is always rough&amp; dirty but cheap) &amp; decided to opt for the KR this time around. I was not dissapointed. The outside of the hotel looked very elegant and smart with lovely window boxes and lovely thick slatted blinds at all the windows which went with the contemporay style of the public rooms. The reception/bar area was very spacious and we had plenty of room as we got through the main doors. The recpeptionist on check-in was very helpfull indeed and we found all the staff to be very pleasant and polite. Our room was a twin room and yes it was very small but they had made very good use of the space they had. The decor in our room on the 4th floor was fairly new and very clean. The paint was a particularly nice colour. We had en suite although very small, not much bigger than a phonebooth but it had all we needed and im 6ft 2in and stood up fine in there!! The hotel had a rather lovely fish tank in the reception area which had lovely big fish and coral which kept on reminding me of my time in Thailand where we saw most of those fish in the wild! The bar was very expensive but thats a given a london hotel really. The space downstairs was very spacious and airey though. I would definitely be staying again when I go back to London in July for a concert. The hotel is very convenient for Gloucester Road tube station and opposite the station is a fantastic french bakers selling cakes, rolls and bread to die for!!	
Jan 19 2007 	Awful!!! Never Again - Website is used to bait and switch in my opinion!	Room was small - but I expected that. Room rate of £55 per night, expected small but clean and safe. The fact that many of the facilities advertised, such as satellite TV, where not present was not the problem either.Both websites for the hotel (------- and --------) show only 3 types of room: Urban, City and Town. The hotel actually has standard rooms which are not anywhere near as good as the others look on the website.Door didn't have a door chain/deadlock so I felt vulnerable. Mattress leant to one side.There was no light fitting at all in the ceiling, simply a standard bedside lamp which was held together with black duct tape. Very noisy room as well as it was on the front of the hotel, over the Cromwell Road which is a very busy road.I've stayed at all sorts of hotels, from B&amp;B's, 2*s to 5*s and cruises both on business and pleasure over the years and this has to be the worst experience I've had.The only thing going for this place in my view is its location, which is great for the museums and Kensington area. Its also basically clean as well, although if you've got any health problems don't stay here as you are more than likely going to have to lug your luggage by yourself along long corridors and up stairs (as I found out for myself).It was so bad I decided I couldn't stay one night, so upgraded to the Copthorne Tara instead, which was excellent.If you do decide to stay here, make sure you don't get caught out by the deceptive website - make sure you ask for, and get, an Urban, City or Town room. If it doesn't specify on your booking, you'll almost certainly be in a standard room.	
Dec 21 2006	EXTREMELY LOUSY STAY	Booked one of the largest studio room (6 Nites) for our honeymoon. Upon checking in, dust all over the sofas, the TINY TV, bed, headboard, sides tables, lamps and etc. Worst of all, found a half rotten apple under the sofa. Top portion of bed linen was torn and sewn in a rough manner. Heater not fully working. Compliant to the front desk and they promised to instruct the house keeping personally for a spring cleaning. When the h. keepper arrived, she know nothing! So we have to instruct her area by area. SHOULD WE BE DOING THAT?? Told the front desk and all they do is 'sorry' ! A lower star rating hotel are far better attitude then them.Ask to change room due to heater not fully working even after repair. Said to check and call back but didn't till we ask them. The reply is 'sorry fully book' . The girls in the front desk literally not interested.Asked the front desk to confirm our airtickets and as usual they took the tickets. To our surprised when we are back, the girl just says the number printed on our schedule slip are engaged at all times. (WHAT A STUPID ANSWER! CAN'T THEY GET ANY OTHER CONTACT NUMBER BESIDE WHAT IS ON OUR TICKETS!!!!) Again just a sorry and nothing else. We compliant to the manager on the tickets and dust and rotton apple and all He do too SORRY! What a incompetent team of staffs. Sincerely, i hope the owner of this hotel read this review. And indeed I suggest you DO A THROUGH 'SPRING CLEANING'!!Christopher (Singapore)	
Dec 13 2006 	Teeny tiny single room	The reception and bar area were quite nicely done and check in was efficient, so we had high hopes. However, I had been booked a single room by my company which turned out to be the smallest hotel room I've ever seen. It was a tiny part of a once much bigger grander room, with a single bed forced up against a lovely huge window, with about half a meter walking space on one side of it. It kind of felt like I was sleeping on the windowsill of a bay window! The ensuite bathroom was even smaller, you had to tuck your legs under the sink to sit on the loo!My colleage had a double room which she said was fine, so splash out that extra 20 quid if you're going to stay here!	
Nov 30 2006 	ok	My trip to London was arranged in a 'hurry' and this was the only hotel that was directly available. Considering the price, I find it a good price/quality ratio. I was kind of frightened of what the hotel would look like after reading these reviews, because I'm used to staying in upper class hotels. But I found it was a nice, clean (!) hotel.I wouldn't stay there for more then two days, 'cause the rooms are really very tiny, and it's quite hard to handle your luggage in such a narrow space... But for a short trip its ok. Don't count on the staff to give you any kind of 'tourist info', cause they hardly speak any English, and I doubt if they even have an idea of what London is all about. If you know your way around, and are just looking for a comfy (!) bed in a clean environment, this hotel is perfect.	
Nov 6 2006 	DO NOT BOOK!! LOOKS NOTHING LIKE THE WEBSITE	I would never book this hotel for myself after reading the reviews. My company made the arrangments for me.The reviews don't lie, this hotel is so bad I couldn' t stay there. The rooms are beyond tiny. I tried to enter the room and the door only opened 45degrees because the bed was blocking it!! A single room is the length of a twin bed with about 1 foot to the bathroom door. It's a miracle they got the furniture in there. There is NO room for luggage.I just looked at the website and the pictures are NOTHING like the hotel. I don't even think they were taken there. Don't stay here.	
Nov 2 2006 	Hoax - Scam - Smallest Room Ever Witnessed	Don't let the Hotel pages on the internet fool you. I have stayed in hotels accross the world for the past 6 years, but have never experienced something like this. The room was a cubicle, 2m x 3, smaller than a jail cell like the ones you see in the movies. Both the shower and the main door when opened bumped against the bed. The Tv, the screen of which is as big as an ipod video player was 45 degrees positioned on the right hand side of the bed, anyone whatching TV from the bed will wake up with a serious neck injury. I still struggle to plan how to iron a pair of jeans in the room because there is simply no space for an iron board. This all for 150 gbp per night, the owners need to be exposed for misleading travellers with the hoax they create on the hotel internet pages. When I complained about the room the front manager agreed that the room is &quot;very&quot; small but that there were no other rooms available and that the ones that might be available the next day might be booked, also that if I cancel a cancellation policy will apply. Surely the London tourism board that grade hotels need to start looking arround, there are simply too many jail cells in London, classified as hotels. NEVER AGAIN at this hotel it is simply a waste of money and TERRIBLE!, what a nightmare after 19 hours on a plane.....economy class for 19 hours on BA was 20 times more relaxing, if I had a choice I would have stayed on the plane!!!!!!!!!	
Sep 29 2006 	Awful Staff Rude Arrogant Ignorant Terrible the Worst! Ever! Dont Stay Here!	On the date 27/09/06 i booked a room on lastminute.com for one night at the Kensington Rooms Hotel on Cromwell Road, this night was for 28/09/06. Today i went to the hotel to check in. Upon arrival myself and my patiner recieved strange looks from the staff but just thought nothing of it. We entered the room and the bed sheets were ripped, the toliet was filthy and had residue left. We were horrified and felt very annoyed. I contacted reception and the staff were abrupt and rude-they hung up after saying they would send cleaners. I went down to the reception and asked to change the room or recieve a full refund. The lady at reception told me i was being silly and theres nothing wrong with the rooms, i felt so annoyed and disgusted at their behaviour towards me, they were laughing, abrupt and rude. I told her the customers always right and she should listen to me and she replied 'No the customer is not always right' this type of comment is completly unacceptable! The lady would only offer us another room, we checked the other room and it was just as bad. This hotel is 3* but clearly is not, but most of all the people of reception should even be able to work. They seemed to be racist and unfair. The lady would not offer a refund! I felt so let down and totally confused, she was defensive and silly. All the receptionists were laughing and being totally rude. I contacted lastminute.com and recieved understanding, and efficent customer service, they listed to me and promised a refund. I just feel you need to know and definatly look in to this as they should not be allowed to work there. I thank you for your time to listen. As followed are the hotels details. THIS LETTER I SENT TO TRADING STANDARDS!	
Aug 30 2006 	Terrible Hotel - I cannot recommend it	The outside of the hotel was fine as well as reception and entrance. The gym costs 20 addional pounds per day. The room was extremely small (one foot step from bed to bath room). The bath room was not new and not very beautyful decorated or refurbished. The window was damaged and we could not open it. The bath room was covered with hairs from other visitors before us. Breakfast was ok but the took our plates at 10am and we got not any coffee any more. I never saw something like that before. ONe day we had no warm water for the shower and they said that the don't know when this will be fixed. The hotel stuff is extremely unprofessional - it seems that those are students working there beside school. I completed 3 complaint forms - I personally think it flew right away to the rubbish. I would not recommend to stay in this hotel. It is not horrible but I think there are much better alternatives for the same price.	
Jul 20 2006 	Not Impressed	When I was looking for a hotel I was looking for certain things ie: air con, bath and so on. When we arrived there was NO air con, had to fight for another room with a bath and no full English breakfast like it was stated. When I spoke to the hotel they had a, I don't care attitude. I was told to contact the people at the agency. Adding to this the rooms are minute and the bathrooms even smaller. For the money I spent it was a rip off. Suggestion, don't stay there. There are other problems I can write about, but there is not enough space.	
Jun 28 2006 	no better than your standard Motel 6	I feel that this hotel markets itself as an upmarket property but it clearly is not. I frequent London many times a year and this is the most unpleasant property I have stayed in to date.	
Jun 15 2006	Classic bait and switch.	The place shouldn't be allowed to operate due to deceptive practices. I was told by staff that the place has improved because 6 months ago they used to average 20 complaints a day, now they're down to 10.I asked to be moved, so got to see 3 rooms- basically closet sized. No resemblance to what is on the website. Most rooms face the 4 lane Cromwell Road, so no quiet warm summer nights when the window has to be opened.And forget about taking a shower between 8-9am because there is no running water.	
Jun 11 2006	How totally disappointing...	I was booked to stay at the Kensington Rooms hotel for almost two weeks however when I arrived (after lugging all our luggage up the stairs to our room - have these people ever heard of porters?!?) I couldn't wait to get out of there! We had a twin room booked and the room was so small that they couldn't put two single beds side by side. Instead they were head to head with only a small amount of room on one side that was taken up by our luggage (seeing as though the closet was small and had a strange odour to it, I didn't want to put my clothes in there). And then I discovered the bathroom.... oh my god! It was so small that I couldn't even stand in there with the door closed. My knees knocked on the basin when I sat on the toilet, and the getting up into the shower was like climbing a mountain! The toilet roll was hooked up on the hairdryer and the towels were like sandpaper.There was no alarm clock, no fridge, no iron and ironing board, no curtains and the TV was so small that you needed a microscope to see it properly.And I actually don't think I have room in this review to go through the ordeal of trying to get an external line for the telephone - I just thank god that the hotel next door was able to provide a public phone.I had looked forward to this trip for months but after arriving at the hotel was totally disappointed. We moved to the Thistle Kensington Gardens and had the most amazing experience there. I would recommend that you pay a little extra (not much) and you will appreciate the difference.	
May 1 2006	Could have been better	My husband and I visited this hotel with minimal expectations, we knew London was expensive, the rooms are small and that the pictures of Kensington Rooms overs-sold the hotel....but it was still a disappointment. Our biggest complaint was the smell from the bathroom. Everytime we flushed the toilet or ran the sink a horrid garbage smell came up the drain. The bed was comfortable, and overall the room was clean - it works for a traveller not spending much time in the hotel and not looking to spend much $$$.	
Apr 12 2006	A truly miserable experience	I booked two nights in a triple room at the hotel for a short London break. Arrived and given the key - on entering the room, someone elses stuff was there! Back to reception - confusion but little in the way of an apology. However, eventually given three rooms instead. Beds OK, rooms adequate for the price. Breakfast was mediocre with cheap bread. The next night we were told we could have the triple room - opened the door and the third bed had gone! Back to reception - more confusion, so given an additional room. OK, except the shower came off the wall whenever the power setting was used!!The hotel looks as if it ought to be fine and is in a decent position. However, it suffers from having absolutely no management at all and it shows. I would suggest that if you are thinking of staying at this hotel, don't. It is mediocre in the extreme and even the low prices do not justify its existance.	
Apr 6 2006	great location with friendly staff	Kensington Rooms is located in Kensington, one of London's lovliest neighborhoods. The hotel is within 5 minutes walk of Gloucester Road underground station with direct links to Heathrow airport and the rest of the city. The Victoria and Albert museum, Natural History museum, Hyde park, and Kensington Gardens are all within 10-20 minute walk of the hotel as well. I stayed at Kensington rooms on two seperate occassions and found both visits to be a pleasant experience. The hotel is tastefully decorated with modern furnishings. The rooms are clean, cosy, and have en suite facilities. The hotel is also fitted with their own WI-FI network which was accessible from both the common areas and my room. The hotel staff, including the front desk, Room 9 bartender, and house keeping were all friendly and helpful with whatever request I made. I would stay at this hotel again without hesitation.	
Apr 2 2006 	Surprisingly disappointing	Booked into Kensington Rooms based on the various 'good' reviews from other sites and the concept on which the hotel was based. On checking in , I was shocked to find that not only was the term 'concierge' non-existent, the reception staff also did not offer any assistance apart from shrug her shoulders. Having travelled from overseas, I had to haul my own baggage - i.e. 1 x 25kg suitcase, 1 x trolley bag with laptop, 1 x hand baggage - up the narrow stairs and corridors (hotel concept) whilst the staff stood there and stared. Not ideal if you are travelling along.Room was large and rather funky - at the expense of the tiny bathroom. Hot tap spat hot water all over the bathroom and shower head did not function well. Though, the one good thing I have to say is that the bed was comfortable.However, if you wanted to order room service, you'd be hard pressed to find a room service menu in the room. But as the hotel is located very centrally, you can find alternative dining options quite easily.Overall, I'd say it was a disappointment as the hotel has the potential to do quite well with its concept.	
Mar 31 2006	Ouch!	You need to be five foot or less, alternatively use a lubricant to get in these rooms! The location of the hotel is OK though.Blackpatch	
Feb 7 2006	Never again in Kensington Rooms Hotel!!!	I spent 3 days in KRH with my family. Before I booked I e-mailed we will arrive with a baby, we need a crib. When we arrived in the room,I was totally disappointed. No crib, narrow room, facing to a firewall!!!Finally we got a crib, but it was dirty, we decided not to use it. When we opened the window, cigarette smog came in the room from the neighboor, and the air condition of the hotel's kitchen was next to our window, so it was very loud.The breakfast was very poor!!!And the staff unpolite.All these for £107 per day!!!!!Never again in Kensington Rooms Hotel	
Jan 26 2006	Comfy but lacking	Kensigton Rooms offers comfy rooms with very nice beds and pillows, but lacks class in many areas. For example, the bathroom flooded every morning due to poor ventilation and inadequate shower screens.The walls in our room were extremely thin, as we were kept awake by our neighbour watching television and having loud phone conversations at 4am, 2 nights in a row. The biggest problem we had was with reception. We told them that we were expecting a phone call under a different name than the booking, and they proved unable to take a message. This was extremely disappointing. Overall, we would not stay there again.	
Dec 29 2005	Nowhere near as bad..................	I booked a superior room at the Kensington Rooms quite some time before we visited. I then decided to read the reviews on Trip Advisor.............. Having read these, I was in two minds as to whether to change my booking as it sounded dire. However, we decided to give it a chance! Upon arrival at 2:30pm, we were advised our room was ready, by the slightly arrogant reception staff! Maybe they weren't arrogant, it was maybe the fact that their english wasn't great. Upon entering our room, I was surprised by how large and spacious it was. The decor was great, a bit like a cheaper version of Malmaison! The room was well furnished - nice leather sofa! Both the room and the bathroom were exceptionally clean. This included the bedroom carpet which was fab - really thick pile. Having stayed in numerous hotels where I feel the need to wear flip flops all the time, I couldn't wait to take my boots off!!!! I admit, the hotel have tried to make american king size beds by pushing 2 singles together, however, it was still far more comfortable than other hotels I have stayed in. Our room overlooked Cromwell Road, so it was a little noisy, but hey what do you expect in Central London!!!!!! The location was great - only 5 minutes walk from the tube. The only complaints (if you can call them that) were:No bathrobes (not the end of the world) and a poor breakfast - No freshly cleared tables, no proper way to order toast/tea/coffee and hardly any waitresses that could speak english (good thing I don't really do breakfast!)All in all, I think that the hotel has done a great job of preserving the exterior of an old building, yet they've made the interior stylish and modern. I would stay here again, although having said that, maybe we won't be so lucky next time..........	
Nov 20 2005	Bubble Busted	I had great hopes for this from its pictures, but my bubble was busted when I arrived in the room. I had a single room and it was tiny. I am not a large female but I had to literlly squeeze into the bathroom--it was the size of a small broom closet. Their customer service skills were lacking also. As I made my way to my room there was an employee standing by the entry door into the room area and she did not even open the door for me seeing that both my hands were full with lugguage. I thought it might just be me, but I observed this same employee do the same thing to another guest who had just checked in after I had, and she had lugguage twice the size of mine. Not a hotel that I will book with again.	
Oct 31 2005	kensingtonrooms is a gem well done!	recommended to book the kensingtonrooms by friends who had stayed there during august and septemberi booked a room for 3 nights on the 25th october 2005 and was so pleased with the interior decor of the hotel and friendliness of the staff. it really is a gem in london. I fully intend to spread the word i just hope they have rooms available as it seemed very busy!	
Sep 15 2005	Oh Dear!! What a Shambles	Having been advised by numerous people that the Kensington Rooms was extremely BELOW Par - i decided to see for myself. How right they were!! The place is a disgrace, the adverts on the website are completely misleading advising of Air Conditioning, Mini Bar, etc - Unless i was blind i couldnt see / feel them. The Noise in the bedroom was horrific and kept me awake all night - Due to the fact that i had to keep the window open to keep cool. Poor Show!!The beds are two pushed together so i was always moving positions to keep me from falling in between!! And the Breakfast, Continental - Really!! the Crossaints were stale, i had to wait 15 minutes to get some toast! The Selection of cereals looked like they had been sat there for weeks. So i decided to get something else to eat when i left to fill me up..Overall a complete waste of money and i would advise ANYONE! to look and stay elsewhere!! - Do NOT be fooled by the misleading website!	
Aug 27 2005	Very poor	I booked that hotel because it seemed by the web site to be contemporary and recently refurnished. I hate old hotels! I payed even an extra to get an &quot;executive&quot; room with complete bathroom and a king size bed. When we arrived we got a small room, the king size bed was two beds pushed together, and the bathroom was tiny and from the 70's, not ever restored (you won't find pictures of it in their web). Instead of having a bath it had only a mini shower.We complaint to the recepcionist, since I wouldn't have paid an extra if I had known that. They told me first that there was no other room available and that all of them were similar. After a long time waiting they finally gave us another room which had a bath, but the same size. The king bed was still two beds. So please, don't belive what they say in the web site. There's no city or town room, all of them are the same, and the only goodies are a shampoo and shower gel (no bathrobes). The money spent was not worth!	
Jul 8 2005 	A stinky little place = a miserable stay..	I should have read previous reviews of this hotel instead of being taken in by internet advertisments! Lets start off with you have to carry your luggage-the lift services some of the floors but not all. The indifference of the staff is unparrelled in the hotel industry. The bathroom was so small that I feared falling out of the shower and having me head land in the toilet. What appears to be half-used bath products, towels you can use to exfoliate your body with, seem to be the norm. I had a bed that smelled like someone had wrapped the sheets in onions and cheese (beyond B.O.) and in addition the sheets had a few holes. The data port (if you can call it that) was basically non-working. I met other guests in the lobby with the same problem. Having to sit in the lobby and work from the lounge is a experience I'd rather not repeat. Wi-fi is available as long as the bar in the lobby is open. The tv was the size of a microwave and the closet was moldly. There is a safe but it needs batteries-which they are in no hurry to replace. No fridge, no air conditioning, a chair and desk that appear to be of questionable cleanliness. A room facing an airshaft complete with the sound of a screaming baby and frustrated adult. Upon my leaving, the staff graciously tried to double charge me for a stay I had already paid for. The only saving grace is the bartender..mixes a great martini and after hours provides great stories. Never, Never again.	
Jul 6 2005	Not completely awful	After reading recent reviews, I was fearing the Kensington Rooms would be a dump. It's not, but it does suffer from poor design and management. Our agent booked us a triple there, with the information that the room would be air conditioned and have a small fridge. None of the rooms has a/c or a fridge, or so I was told by hotel staff after we arrived. Our first room was in the basement just next to the Cromwell Road -- the noise was unbelievable. Plus, the bathroom, though large, had not a single bar or hook on which to hang a towel, only one small glass shelf over the sink for toiletries, and no shower curtain or guard whatsoever. After a sleepless night, we insisted on a different room and got one looking out on an air shaft that was at least quiet. The bathroom in this room had one hook and a towel rack, a shower guard, plus a deep window shelf where we could place things. The designer of this hotel clearly valued form over function. The room furniture consisted, beside the beds, of a few small modular tables, a chair or stool, and a wardrobe with just a hanging bar -- no desk or drawers or anything on which to place a suitcase. The designer and managers should be sentenced to share one of the rooms for a week. A friend joined us one night and got the tiniest room and bathroom I have ever seen. But, she got a remote for her t.v., which neither of our triples had. After the friend left with my daughter, my son and I had booked (and prepaid) a double for our last two nights. But the hotel claimed it couldn't find the booking and sent us to the Sussex Gardens, which makes the Kensington Rooms look posh. On the upside, the triples at the Kensington Rooms had 3 full-size beds instead of the usual two beds and a cot, the rooms were reasonably roomy, the beds were comfortable, and the breakfast was fine, certainly better than most &quot;English breakfasts&quot; I've had in the UK, plus the coffee was drinkable. The location is good, also, as the Gloucester Road tube station is on the Central, District and Picadilly lines. I wouldn't recommend this place, but you could do worse.	
Jun 1 2005 	At the moment this is a one star hotel	At the moment this is a one star hotel. Class and style are pleasing on the eye but good manners and service are paramount too. When you pay for a hotel, you pay for the service. The basics of that service - according to the rating of the hotel, should provide the customer with comfort and care. I'm not sure what the internal problems are at The Hotel Kensington Rooms, but whatever it is they should all sit down and talk about it. The staff are rude in general which is always a sign of bad moral and a lack of team work. My room seemed to be designed so that I could hear every word that came from next door, not to mention other noises. The shower needed a good scrub, what's the point in washing in dirt. The breakfast was like cardboard, and I was charged for my breakfast tray being brought to my room (the charge was the same price as the breakfast) without being advised orally or by any literature, although I did see something about an optional charge. This hotel is a potentially nice place, it's very trendy and stylish and obviously makes good income from renting conference space. I requested a talk with the manager, but he was too busy to see a customer. My desire to ever stay there again is none existent.	
May 11 2005	bollocks	Personally, I wouldn't even give this hotel 1/5. It was absolutely awful. Myself and two friends decided to take a three day break from studying and working (we are 18 yo students, so not much money) and treat ourselves for once. As we walked in the door, there were around 4 or 5 females on the desk who proceeded to look us up and down as if we were a pile of ----. Eventually, we got up to our *triple* room on the third floor. This included two single beds which looked lovely with their big duvets and cushions. Then, the third bed was nothing more than a fold up-fold down camping bed with sheets .. yes, sheets. No duvet. We thought we would relax and have a cuppa and drink and watch TV for half an hour before hitting the streets. Wa hey - only two coffee cups and no drinks in the *mini bar* (a tiny little fridge which was unplugged). There was also no sattelite television as advertised. When we decided to go out, we wanted to put our passports in the safe. You guessed it, there was NO safe. We asked at reception where it was and were told it was in the wardrobe. When we said we had checked there she hastily looked on the computer and said your room does not have a safe you can leave your valuables at reception. Hmmm.. no thanks.So, we came back to get showered and things before going out only to find there were only two towels. We then had to phone down to reception and wait for the third towel to be brought up. We wanted to iron our clothes as they had been in our rucksacks, there was also no iron as advertised. We asked where Kensington High Street was and were given directions which were no where near right. The breakfast was crap. The croissants were semi-stale and the fruit juice was warm. The staff were very hostile and VERY rude. They were most unwilling to help bar one asian guy who wasn't too bad. He was the only one who smiled. The girls constantly gave us dirty looks and whispered. It was horrible - DO NOT GO HERE.In-Room Facilities:Ensuite - the bathroom was dirty, shower was mouldy but it was there.Direct-dial telephones - was present.Modem connection - sorry, where?Satellite television - Not that I saw.Iron and ironing board - If there was, we couldn't find it.In-room safe - Only at reception.. but wait.. that's not actually in our room..Mini Bar - It's mini.. it's a fridge.. it's a mini -fridge.. not a mini bar. Hairdryer - Took around an hour to dry your hair but yes.. it was a dryer.. for your hair.Bathrobes - There was one.. for three people. Not even enough for an arm each! =p.Stay clear people!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Feb 16 2005	Nowhere near as bad as other reviews suggest	Having read these reviews before arriving at the Kensington rooms hotel i was really very pleasantly surprised. The decor was modern and the beds were very comfortable. The room was small but if you are only paying £65 per night for two of you, then the size of the room was perfectly adequate. The breakfasts were fine, coffee, croissants, cereal, yogurts, juices...although only Raspberry Jam! The situation is excellent with Gloucester road tube and the major Childrens Museums 10 minutes walk away. My daughter loved the cool settees and seats in the loung and also the aquarium.The one thing that did let us down was the noise from the Traffic.....complimentary ear plugs would have been lovely. Ask for a room at the back or at the side never the front.If you are used to the US sizes and the Have a nice day style of American chains, then you wouldnt be advised to stay here as its very european.	
Feb 11 2005	Hey! Not so bad!	I recently stayed here 4 nights with a friend, and we had a very enjoyable stay. I e-mailed the hotel in forehand of our arrival to get our booking confirmed and brought with me a printed version of this to ensure the check-in. Everything went ok, and the staff at the reception were polite and smiling. Our room was n. 4 on the first floor, it was in fact a very nice room and not to small either. The decor was minimalistic, but nice, and a huge mirror on one of the walls gave the room a nice and more spacious look. High ceilings (old victorian style) and nice furniture gave it a touch of luxury.  The bathroom, as the entire room, was clean and nice, small but ok. Large, soft towels and quality bath/shower gel/shampoo.  And the bed, oh gosh, it was deilicous, with fluffy pillows and nice egyptian cotton. Great comfort. Luckily, we weren't bothered of street noise, because our room was on the sideway. Though, we had a nice overwiev of the busy street and didn't feel lost.  The breakfast was allright - we found everything we needed and enjoyed it every morning. The chocolate croissants were mMmMmM yummies :) The staff always greeted us nicely.  We also used the bar a couple of times. Very trendy and cool design, and we loved the acquarium! Though the service at the bar wasn't quite good. A lot of waiting just to get one single drink.  But one thing; there was no such thing as coffe/te-making facilities, bathrobes or mini bar in our room, not even an ashtray even we have asked before arrival to get a smoking room. We didn't mind ask the staff, as these things weren't too important.  For the price of 70£ a night this is a rather good deal. It's London, you know.  Great location, nice area and Gloucester Road tube station and Waitrose supermarket just around the corner. Walking distance to several museums.  Overall, not bad, definately a three star if not more. 	
Jan 31 2005	Terrible garbage of a hotel!	Upon arrival we were greeted by the most impolite staff imaginable (see other reviews also??). Rooms were tiny, &quot;king size double&quot; was in fact two single beds pushed shabbily together! Safe in room broken, no light through window (view of a wall anyway), shower broken and scalded girlfriend when it did work, complementary shampoo half used upon arrival!!! Empty wine glasses and coke cans left lying in corridor for two days! On third night went out for dinner and upon return was told reception had lost our room key (waited 35mins to get back in and no apology!). Concept of handing in key to incompetent staff ridiculous! THIS IS NOT A ONE STAR LET ALONE A FOUR STAR!!! TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY! WILL NEVER SUGGEST ANYONE VISITING THIS RUBBISH	
Jan 30 2005	Not what it says on the tin. . .	From looking at the hotel website, I thought that the Kensington Rooms was the ideal place to stay in London. Whilst the reception area and bar are of a reasonably high standard I was disappointed to find that behind the 'hip and contemporary' front end, the hotel was of an exceptionally poor standard. I would rate this no more than a very poor 3* hotel.I stayed in a City Room on the 4th floor. The bedroom looked like it had been 'done up' on the cheap to give it a modern feel. The room itself smelt stale and I wasn't convinced that the bedding had even been changed from the previous guests!The tiny bathroom was possibly one of the worst hotel bathrooms that I have ever seen. The sink in the bathroom was dirty and some of the fittings had gone rusty. The 'power' shower was simply a trickle of water, the shower screen wouldn't close and the complimentary shower gel had already been used!Luckily I wasn't disturbed by traffic as I was staying at the back of the hotel facing away from the main road - I was however woken at midnight by 20 seconds worth of fire alarm.The inclusive breakfast is again possibly one of the worst that I have ever seen. The entire buffet includes, bread, croissant, 2 choices of cereal, apples (red/green) and warm yoghurt with a choice of tea / coffee OR fruit juice. Alternatively you could pay over 6 for a bacon sandwich!I'm glad that I didn't pay the advertised rate of 200 per night!	
Jan 29 2005	RUDE and CHEATS	Kensington Rooms double book people and put their 'SPARE guest' in their other hotels so they can make as much money as they possibly can. I recently went to london with my girlfriend and booked to stay at the Kensington Rooms. But when I arrived at the hotel, we were greeted by building work as soon as we stepped in. When we got to the check in desk, we had to stand there for 5 mins while the two staff were chatting away in a different language. When one of them decided to serve us, he didnt not say sorry or hello. He just asked for my name and told us that we have to leave as they have double booked us so they have transferred us to their 'sister hotel' in Marble Arch. We didnt even get a sorry or an reason why they didnt contact us before hand. When we arrived to the Royal Sussex Hotel, it was in Paddington NOT Marble Arch. They Royal Sussex was dirty and old. It looked like it hasnt been cleaned for a while. The door to our room was kicked in, the sheets were dirty and covered in grease. The bathroom had hair in the sink and shower. In the end we decided to book our own hotel out of our own pockets as kensington rooms were not help us. The service in both hotels were poor and the staff do not speak a word of english. Overall, AVOID these two places.	
Dec 17 2004	4 Star Hotel ??? 4 Falling Stars !!!	I had booked 5 nights in the hotel but after 1 night i decided to leave as soon as possible and stayed the rest of the nights in another hotel. The rooms are so small you can't even walk, the bed linen was not changed!, there was no light and they had a problem with the water supply in the hotel so i couldn't even take a shower! I asked several times for another room but the hotel was overbooked. People that asked for a double room were forced to stay in a single room. It was just horrible!! I advise not to stay in the Kensington Rooms hotel because it is not worth your money!!!	
Dec 16 2004	Like reality shows? Come watch the staff	I have read through the reviews and get the sense that the quality of this hotel may have gone down over the last few years. I was shocked to read that there were any positive reviews at all. We visited this hotel in April of 2004. I worked in the service industry in college and lived in Britain. So I'm usually the one who says &quot;hey let's let this go&quot; or &quot;you're in Britain... stop being such a vulgar American by complaining about service&quot;. So I hate to write this. But the staff were not just inept, they were openly hostile.We asked for an iron every day for 3 days. They kept stating that they would deliver one but never did.The staff couldn't figure out how to process our online reservation. But they were nasty (eyes rolling, glaring) and implied that we didn't have one. Turns out that one of the staffers mis-filed a paper version (why paper?) but still blamed it on us then started ranting about how lame the previous person was.The front desk people swore loudly in a boorish uninteresting manner and ignored us while talking on the phone about their personal relationship problems. This of course was followed by a glare and surly manner when they decided to eventually speak to you. The waitstaff had a crazed cat fight during breakfast about their responsibilities which was actually pretty darn funny to watch. So although it was pretty unprofessional I'm not sure I would put this on the negative list.The waitstaff also actually shut the doors a little before 9:30 then argued with guests through the glass of the door when they tried to sneak in at the last minute.The shower came on far too hot. I think they may need to adjust their water source controls. I scalded my arm trying to adjust the temperature. I feel very fortunate that I did not step in the shower first - I might have been trapped, since you had to mash yourself against the shower wall then half climb over the sink to get out. It is obvious that the managers of this hotel employs unqualified staff and does not train or support them. Of course you get what you pay for, and I don't need or particularly want overly friendly staff. But sheesh these guys can be a real buzzkill.	
Dec 15 2004	Ho Ho Ho HOoooooooooooooooooo!!	I have had such a bad expirience, that only have worlds like, Santa is laughing of the website of this noisy, horrible staff, and unhealthy matress ...god !! , it´s a bad joke the way they sell the rooms desing, just can´t belive it !!! Imagine, I ask for coffee facilities, in the room as shown and could not obtein one.All I have read about it, is just polite. Please, you can have a lot better Hotel for the money they ask, just TERRIBLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!	
Dec 14 2004	just Okay	I have to say that our room was right but the bathroom was really small. The recepcionist was really rude. Too expensive for what it really is.	
Nov 8 2004	Don't believe the hype	Our stay in London was almost ruined by the treatment we received at this hotel. Upon check-in we were greeted by a very indifferent gentleman who practically threw the booking form at us, making no eye contact or conversation. We were given a key for room 006 and instructed to go &quot;downstairs&quot;. As we were already on the ground floor, we knew it was not a good sign. A 10 minute hunt for the room ensued, with us returning to reception and asking for precise directions... the gentleman sniggered, and sent a girl to show us the way. She told us that we could not take the usual route, as there was a meeting on in one of the rooms. Normally we would have to walk through this media room... So down a flight of steep stairs with our suitcases, through a bathroom area, down a dirty staff corridor with old furniture stacked up against the walls, and voila.. room 006 ! We entered, and yes the room was large, with nice bed etc. but when the blinds were open, we were greeted with a view of a stone stairs and peoples feet waking on the street overhead. Blinds remained shut for rest of stay. When we noticed the shower head didnt hang up anywhere, it just sat in the bath, we rang and asked someone to have a look at it. The same rude check-in man came down and basically said &quot;whats the problem, this is normal&quot;. We asked to be moved and he said no we are full and left. The next morning, we went to reception again and a new indifferent man said no we are full, nothing we can do. He told us &quot;there are a lot worse rooms - you should be happy&quot;. We mentioned the shower, street noise and the fact that there was no tea/ coffee facilities in the room. He stared blankly and said we will not be moving you. We left again, fuming. That night we returned from sightseeing, and i asked the initial rude gentleman for a cup of tea.. after much confusion, he said he would have it brought to room.... 1hour 30mins and two phone calls to reception later we never got the tea. Worst service ever in a hotel... 4 star? I think not. Didn't even have the basics, never mind any extras. Do not disappoint yourself by booking this hotel - we will never return.	
Oct 6 2004	This is a load of rubbish indeed!	This hotel is not bad if you don't mind waking up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom and having to kill roaches while on the toilet!Also, the bizarre practice of not giving you a receipt noting that you have paid the bill at the end of your stay.The bizarre girl at the front desk who, upon check in would not allow my husband to look at the paperwork that I just signed to check us into the hotel. What's more this same incompetent, checked us out of our room one afternoon while we were out. The hotel's policy is to hand in your key before you leave to go out everyday. It's held at the desk and you can collect it when you come back each time. However, this ditz checked us out when we left one day (mind you, we were not carrying luggage of any kind when we handed her the key) and gave us our key when we returned. We couldn't get into our room, went downstairs to ask what the problem was, and was told, &quot;Oh, I thought that you had checked out.&quot; We asked her why she thought that, and her answer was a peculiar, &quot;I don't know.&quot; and a blank, distracted, vacant look.Avoid this place and don't believe the photos. They only apply to the lobby area. Save afew bucks and go to the Best Western Phoenix. Ask for the loft room which sleeps 3 as an upgrade.	
Oct 3 2004	Actually pretty good	After reading the reviews, I thought I picked the wrong place. I have to say for the price, and the location, it is very good. We paid around £200 for four days! We had a quiet room on the third floor, but it is possible to get a loud room, next to the major road. Yes, there is a lot of traffic. The room is small, but adequate. The bed is clean and excellent. What is not nice, is that the shower is small. If you are slightly big, it is uncomfortable. The TV has only five channels and there was no batteries in the remote. Breakfast is adequate, but not like a 4 or 5 star. Apples, muesli, toast, croissants, and chocolate croissants. To drink fresh juice, coffee and tea. The lobby at first does not look nice, but the rest of the building is modern and stylish. Forget about the bar or restaurant. I do not think it is ever open.I have stayed at five star hotels, and this 3.5 hotel matches in terms of style of the room.Overall, I say you can take your chances with this hotel.	
Sep 23 2004	great room	We stayed here in december 2003 for 2 nights.The prices were cheap (ca. 90 euro for room/ night) We had a very good and quit room with a large and very comfortable bed. The bathroom was also great and clean. Every day a free newspaper.Breakfast was only just sufficient.The people at the reception were friendly. Nearby the tube, about 2 minutes walk In Holland we were told the hotel is 3 star plus.It was certainly worth the visit considering the price !	
Sep 21 2004	Do It Yourself 4 Star Hotel	Room was called a suite! Had a seating area with totally inadequate lighting - tiny fridge as a minibar - not plugged in. Lighting in bathroom also inadequate. Power shower fine if you like to cover everything in bathroom with water. Bath had no footmat or equivalent - v dangerous and slippery. Appalled to discover that &quot;breakfast is till 10&quot; means all food is removed at 10 - regardless of guests having finished eating or not. Cont. Breakfast very poor in choice. Breakfast gave a whole new meaning to self-service. Only knife and napkin on the table. Want a cup of tea? There's the hot water, there's the tea bag and the cup and saucer - do it yourself!4 star? I don't think so.	
Sep 17 2004	Couldn't Even Get A Bottle Opener	I recently stayed at Kensington Rooms on a business trip. It was one of my &quot;worst ever&quot;experiences. While my room was spacious, it lacked air conditioning, was off a noisy street,and had a pathetic min-bar with no bottle opener.The staff was almost always unfriendly. When I asked for a bottle opener, they told me that if I came down they would open my bottle for me!(Apparently, having few bottle openers was their idea of keeping costs under control.)All I can say is &quot;don't stay there&quot;. It is overpriced,unfriendly, hot in the summer, and......without a sufficient supply of bottle openers!	
Sep 17 2004 	What a load of rubbish	There is not much going for this hotel. It is in a dull part of London, not much to see nearby though Gloucester Road Tube station is only a few minutes walk away. My room was small and shabby, furniture bulky and took up what space there was. The bathroom was even smaller and difficult to move around. I know there are bigger rooms, you have to ask for them.The receptionist staff were the most off hand and objectionable I have had the misfortune to deal with. With a surly inflection in the voice, they coldly inform you of all the rules and regulations of the hotel and they adhere to them. I fell foul of the breakfast rules. When they say it finishes at 9:30, they mean 9:30 not 9:31. I got through the maze to the breakfast room 9:25 just in time for cerials and coffee. I saw nobody, not even the waitresses taking away the coffee urn, and food. They must have been &quot;Borrowers&quot;. This must be the most objectionable hotel I have stayed in.	
Aug 17 2004	not impressed	At least we didn't pay the full rack rate of 85GBP and got a deal on Expedia instead. The room on the 4th floor was clean and modern, and the location is convenient, but that's really about all I can say about it that's positive. The staff is completely unfriendly and unhelpful and don't seem to care one way or the other whether guests are comfortable. We had to repeatedly beg for a fan since the room was stuffy and well over 90F. There was no top sheet on the bed - only a down comforter, which is a bit of overkill when it's that hot - and they acted like we were nuts for requesting another sheet several times so we'd have something to sleep under (we never got a sheet, either). The bathroom was the smallest I've ever seen and I can't see how anyone even slightly larger than average could manage in it. The king size bed was 2 twins pushed together, which makes an uncomfortable ridge in the middle. No in-room safe or other amenities as described on their website. In general, I expected much better. Not at all worth the money we paid and I would not return. There are better options in the area and I'd choose one of them next time.	
Apr 4 2004	Loved it! Would upgrade next time.	After doing a considerable amount of web-searching, I decided upon Kensington Rooms despite the poor recommendation it received from Trip Advisor. I booked directly on their website, and I received an excellent rate with breakfast included. When my boyfriend and I reached the hotel, we were very pleased with it's trendy decor, and cheery staff. When we got to our room on the first floor (12 or 13), my boyfriend was surprised at how small it was (having never stayed in London before), and I was surprised at how large it was (having stayed in London before). The bed (two full sized beds pushed together to create a queen sized bed) was *very* comfortable, if a bit broken in. It was the best nights sleep I've ever had in a hotel. The room was very quiet. The sheets were very soft. The experience was truly exquisite. But the best part was the bathroom - entirely marble tiled, with a power shower and a huge bathtub big enough to get a good soak in. As a bonus, the water pressure was amazing, and the hot water was continuous. The only problem with the bathroom is that the angle of the sink is such that if you turn on the water too quickly, you are likely to soak yourself when the water rushes up the side of the basin. The continental breakfast was delicious - I especially recommend the chocolate crossings, but the entire spread was good. My boyfriend got the English Breakfast each morning (which was only five pounds more - not too expensive). I consider this hotel much more luxuriant than what I paid for it, and I would most definitely recommend it.Only complaint is that when I asked for a suggestion for a take out pizza place, their recommendation was awful. But I will chalk that up to the British not knowing from an authentic New York pizza.	
Apr 1 2004	Overpriced rubbish	Stayed in this overpriced (---) for just 1 night. That was 1 night to many. The room was on the third floor looking over the main road and was VERY NOISY. Traffic goes buy at all times of the night leaving sleep just about impossible. The room was very small &amp; the bathroom even more so. You had to manover your way around the bathroom door to get to the toilet - nearly broke my neck getting out of the shower as there is nothing to hold onto when doing so. On returning to the hotel at 11.15pm I asked the individual on the desk were the bar was. I was met with a scowl &amp; was tersely asked if I was a guest. I replied I was &amp; could he tell me were the bar was. I was then asked for my room number. This has never happened to me EVER in other hotels. To cap it all I was awoken at 6.00am by a horrible piercing what sounded like a fire alarm coming from the phone. Breakfast was very poor - although I could have had a bacon sandwich for Â£6.50.(--) - AVOID AT ALL COSTS	
Mar 8 2004	among the worst - ever!	I've traveled the world for 35 years and this hotel is memorable as being among the top 10 worst hotels ever. It is so bad that it is almost laughable. Street noise from Cromwell Road is deafening and keeps you awake at night. But worse, their advertised amenities simply do not exist. I checked in at 2 p.m. on Saturday and requested an iron and ironing board (there are none in the rooms). By Monday morning, I went to work with a wrinkled shirt because they simply did not produce an iron - in spite of 8 requests over 2 days. They told me they had 2 irons in the entire hotel and they were missing! They advertise bath robes - no such thing. They don't even provide a wash cloth. And room 011 is the tiniest room I've ever seen - ever.Bottom line: this hotel is all about hype and it is an awful place.	
Feb 6 2004	Over rated	This has got to be the most over rated hotel i have ever stayed in. We were put in a room where you had to walk into the bathroom side ways and after having a shower had to get out of the bathroom to dry yourself as there is no room at all in the bathroom or the room. We have taken some pictures and will be sending them to people who deal with false advertising etc, As the pictures that people see on the internet or in brochures are false. The Hotel facilities are also falsly advertised, eg- There is no 24 hr room service.etc etc.	
Feb 2 2004	Underrated by past reviewers	Stayed 31 Jan in a double room for £59 including breakfast and taxes. I thought this was excellent value for London, the 4th floor room was clean, the bed super, the staff friendly and helpful, and the cold buffet breakfast (toast if you ask for it) very acceptable. Don't know what some reviewers expect for central London but I would go there again.	
Jan 31 2004	hip but terribly small	i stayed there for a night. the staff was very friendly and warm, the lobby as well as the overall atmosphere of the place was very modern and hip. the room that i stayed in was a single, and reminded me of my college dorm in its size. very small, even for london standards.??i could touch both walls of the room with my arms spread apart.??and i'm just a small japanese guy! i hate to imagine a decent size american or european person staying there. also, the room faces a very noisy street. even with the windows closed, a lot of car traffic can be heard. bad news for the shallow sleeper.that having said, the room was very clean, the bed small but comfy, and bathroom ultra small but spotless.the hotel is situated nicely also. gloucestor road is very convenient.	
Jan 23 2004	good but not great	This hotel tries to be chic but is cold and impersonal not having a comfortable lounge area and the bar is not up to much. I found the staff to be cool too and not in the laid back way just perfunctory and not warm.The saving grace are the bedrooms, i got a discount deal and stayed in the smallest type of room, power showers comfy bed, spotlessly clean and very comfortable sheets. large fluffy towels. Only 5 channels on the tv - no digital or satelite available. Don't expect to get warmed up at breakfast - all the food bar the tea and coffe is cold buffet with crossants, cearels etc, again the breakfast rppm is grey dull and cold with no atmosphere. While I got great value I have to say that other than my very comfy bed I did not feel welcomed or in anyway special or repected guest while I stayed. And also if you are a smoker this place is to be avoided, no smoking areas and no smoking in bedrooms - well you can try if you want...	
Jan 20 2004	Poor quality. Good for hen/stag parties though	We stayed in room 11 on the ground floor, with a very close view of a very dark brick wall. The floor had what looked like blood stains in one corner - the furniture had very sharp corners at eye level - perhaps that's the explanation! Bathroom was stylish with dark green marble and thus cold. Power shower was brilliant - very strong and invigorating. Beds were the squashiest that we've ever slept in plus the bed linen was divine. Nice crisp fresh white cotton. This was definitely the best bit of the room.We found two large dark coloured beetles in the bathroom in the early hours of the morning which we lost sight of and spent the rest of the stay looking for them - yuck! Breakfast was basic with croissants, pain au chocolat, cereals and yoghurts. Coffee was great, tea wasn't. Decor was weary and a bit dog eared. The bar was empty throughout our entire stay and the staff were foreign and extremely complacent. However, we booked at short notice through www.laterooms.com and got a basic town style room for £75 per night rather than the advertised £115. Perhaps that is why we got a rubbish room. Upon asking for a different room, we were told that none were available, despite us not seeing any other guests - even at breakfast!To sum up, the hotel obviously cost its owner a good few quid and the idea is there to make it successful and hip but the attitude of the staff and poor condition of the rooms needs a good look in first!	
Jan 5 2004	Great location mediocre hotel	I would definitely recommend staying in this neighborhood! The Gloucester Tube station is within walking distance and 3 major lines go thru it. Good restaurants in the vicinity (Pizza Organic!), an internet cafe and grocery store across the street. A mellow area that we considered a haven away from the busy areas of London. The hotel... well... nothing spectacular. The double bed is two twin beds put together. I don't think they change the sheets everyday and they definitely did not vacuum the carpet in our room the six days we stayed. Breakfast is nothing fancy (croisants, cereal, fruit, yogurt) but the coffee is very good! I will not comment on the room/bathroom size since it is in Europe. The staff was very helpful and pleasant - from the front desk to the breakfast crew. Considering it was our first time in Europe, I'm glad I didn't come back with traumatizing hotel stories. When I go back to London, I will, however, scout for other hotels in the Kensington area.	
Dec 30 2003	Mutton dressed up	Advertises itself as hip and modern....yes, but in a very pulled-together sort of way. As in, the kingsize beds in our room (also 21) were actually two single beds pulled together, which I think is shoddy, and the continental breakfast tasted as if it had just come off the back of a lorry which had travelled all over the continent. I'm being petty, but the website talks the place up. There are lots of advantages - it's airy, clean, and different, but that something that they need to complete the look and the feel of the place just isn't there. The swimming pool isn't in the building, and who's going to bother dressing, crossing the road and going through the hassle of getting into another hotel for a morning swim? Isn't the whole point of having a pool in your hotel the luxury of being able to go down there in your bathrobe? The bar is swish, but in an empty modern furniture shop kind of way. And closes too early. I found the staff indifferent to guests and not particularly interested in their job. This is a three star dressing up in an imitation of four star clothes. Fine if you don't expect anything more; not fine if you want to feel a little spoiled. I booked a club room (apparently in between the bigger studio and the small town rooms) and it was small. With a view of a brick wall and some wires. What would we have been staying in if we'd booked the smaller room - a bedside locker? I'm not suggesting these guys tell the truth about their hotel - nobody does that. I suggest they take the necessary steps and smarten up. It could be a really nice place.	
Dec 15 2003	nice and modern hotel	Good hotel, friendly staff and nearby the underground with 3 different lines. Kingsize bed and our room (21) had a normal size bathroom too. The room is clean and has a minibar and a safe. Breakfast is not bad. It is worth the price and his 3 stars. After visiting London for 10 times we take this hotel the next time if we go again.	
Sep 30 2003	Not perfect but a great and stylish value	The experience started out bad with a check-in glitch they didnt have our reservation which was through Lastminute, and they were not terribly helpful about trying to find it. The young unpolished staff at the front desk almost made me feel like it was my fault because I didnt have the confirmation number on me, even though I did have a print out of the booking (without the confirmation number). So I volunteered that I could get it from my email account -- did they have access? No. But there was a nearby internet café. So I went there and printed out the confirmation number. When I came back to the hotel, they had found my reservation in the lastminute Web site (ah, I see, so they actually did have internet access) and all was now fine. I never did get an answer as to whose fault it was: theirs or lastminute's, but there was no heartfelt apology either way. We had asked for a quiet room in back, but didnt get one, so we went back down and they quickly moved us to another room. Once there, everything turned around and we had a great stay. The bathroom was so small as to be comic it was gorgeous, nice, new, tiled in marble with shiny stainless steal fixtures but hardly bigger than the toilet in an airplane. But all was made up for by the bed that was by far the most comfortable we slept in during a three-week trip through Europe. The hotel design is hip contemporary. My partner thought they were trying a little to hard to be cool with the decor, but I was delighted that they were trying at all it worked for me. Breakfast was good and served in a very roomy eating area. I would stay here again, especially at the very affordable rates offered through lastminute (about half price) and London hotels are not inexpensive.	
Sep 22 2003	Great stylish hotel - fantastic value	Got a fab deal at this hotel @ £55 per night (make sure you shop around!). The staff were very pleasant and very efficient. The room, whilst being small (this is England - if you want big, pay more or visit another country) was exceedingly comfortable - huge great bed with the softest imaginable pillows; ambient lighting, lovely bijou bathroom (again, if you want big......)with very hot and powerful shower.I dont understand people complaining about the noise! Its a very busy city, what do you expect?? Yes, it was very hot and there was no air con, but why not open a window for air, and buy some ear plugs from the Boots on Gloucester Road if you can't sleep??Breakfast was eat as much as you can continental which was perfectly fine, and the coffee was good too.The bar on the ground floor was gorgeous too,The only negative about the stay would be that the mini fridge in the room wasn't particularly good. But who cares! I would definitely stay here again and heartily recommend it to those who arent the type to expect the Ritz for 55 quid!	
Aug 23 2003	Our room was so-so---		
Jul 30 2003	A tale of two rooms - but good overall		
Jul 16 2003	Nice Clean Hotel. Not Stellar.		
Jul 10 2003	A bit noisy but...		
Jun 11 2003	Do it again in a heartbeat!		
Jun 2 2003	A European W		
May 27 2003	Great Find!		
May 24 2003	Nice for the price		
May 4 2003	Hip sparkly clean hotel		
Nov 18 2002	Kensington Europe Hotel		
Oct 26 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo		
Oct 10 2009 	Perfekter Ausgangspunkt für City-Trip		
Oct 1 2009 	hotel sympa		
Aug 14 2009 	gute Lage leider laut an der Straße  aber sonst angenehme Atmosphäre		
Jul 29 2009 	Practico		
May 10 2009 	estafa		
Jan 30 2009 	una camera lillipuziana		
Jan 12 2009 	Non è malaccio		
Nov 25 2008 	Una buena experiencia		
Jul 19 2008 	Hotel mediocre nel complesso. Ottima solo la posizione.		
Feb 23 2008 	hotel pulito e ben riscaldato		
Feb 2 2008 	Vicino alla metropolitana		
Dec 3 2007	pequeñisimo		
Aug 20 2007 	Nos encantó ubicación privilegiada		
Feb 17 2007 	Pas cher ... mais nul		
