	CLEAN GOOD LOCATION CHEAP	Stayed in London travelodges before, but never on the South Bank. This was an excellently located hotel, 100 yards from the tube station of Southwark and a 5 minute walk to the Thames. Great base if you want a bed for the night clsoe to the amenities of London town.Reception staff very helpful.	
Nov 26 2009 	It is what it is 	Stayed one night in late November at a pre-booked rate of £81 inclusive (~$135). Selected the hotel as it was close to the meeting location. It is what it is and does it well - basic room, comfortable bed, working shower/toilet, and clean. The location is good, parking (expensive - but it is London) around the corner, a convenience store next door and two pubs across the road. Small flat screen TV and a desk area with convenient power sockets. Coffee and small kettle in the room. The only point to note is they do not provide shampoo and it's very expensive in the convenience store next door!Didn't use any of the hotel facilities - there is a restaurant and bar area and they provide breakfast. It was just somewhere to sleep for the night and it worked well for that. I think, for London, it was good value and I'd have no problems in staying there again.	
Nov 23 2009 	Bad timing = poor value for money	Our timing was poor as we came off a transatlantic cruise and wanted to visit the UK. Best location we could find but for 85GBP per night it isn't worth that. With our exchange we are talking $150 per night. Everything in London was expensive and no hotel was a bargain. Having said that, the location was excellent for walking over Tower Bridge or west to other bridges. Typical Travelodge only entrance starts with an elavator then up-to-second floor for the lobby. Breakfast was mediocre and too expensive for what you get. Still a great England visit but not a value-for-money vacation.Many booked early and paid 29GBP which is a steal but we paid 85GBP and that is left. would be happy with 30-60GBP with better timing.Cleanliness, 4	
Nov 20 2009 	Excellent Value for the money.	We Stayed here for a long weekend (thurs-mon) &amp; had no complaints whatsoever, we got a double room of a bargain price of £33 per night (breakfast not included). The room was very clean &amp; was cleaned daily, the bathroom was immaculate, there were tea &amp; coffee making facilities &amp; we had a flat screen tv with freeview. The staff were helpful &amp; polite &amp; we had a great stay. We did have a couple of evening meals there which were very nice &amp; good value for money. The only down side was that when we checked out there was no facility to store our luggage but it did clearly state this on the website, also the view we had was of a railway track but this didn't bother us at all &amp; we didn't hear much noise at night as there is very good double glazing, so all in all an excellent stay.	
Oct 29 2009 	Definitely would stay here again	My wife and I stayed here for 6 nights over a period of about 2 weeks in March 09. We got a great deal of only 19 pounds per night,so we ended up paying less than 120 for all 6 nights. Try and beat that anywhere. The first 3 nights we were in a room high up overlooking the railway line to the rear of the building. I had read reviews on this hotel before and some people made out like the trains would keep you awake. Not so,you could hardly hear them,and i am a very light sleeper. On a scale of 1 to 10,it was only about a 1 on the annoyance scale.The rooms are what you expect from Travelodge,especially a newer one like this : basic and clean. Not huge,but plenty of room for 2 people with their 2 big suitcases,and considering we spent most of our time out and about,it does not really matter.Small TV on the wall,kettle for making tea and coffee,the shower was good,plenty of hot water. The location of the hotel itself might seem to be far from the centre of London,but once you get on the Jubilee Line,you're less than 10 minutes away. So you could leave the hotel and be in the city centre 15 mins later. Waterloo station is only a 10 minute walk away too,which was useful, as one of the weekends we stayed,the Jubilee Line was closed on our section of the line for engineering work,so we used Waterloo instead,no big deal.There are also bus stops close by on Blackfriars Road near Southwark station.There is a very handy convenience store right next to the main entrance. You can buy sandwiches, snacks, beer, magazines and a whole bunch of other stuff. I forgot my toothbrush,so picked one up here.There are some bars and restaurants along The Cut between the hotel and Waterloo station,but we didnt go in any as we went into central London mainly for those things.One local restaurant we did visit was a couple minutes walk from the hotel, Mar i Terra,a Spanish bar/restaurant. We went in at lunchtime and feasted on tapas,and came out like stuffed whales (Portions bigger than we thought they would be)The hotel staff were friendly enough,even though you only see them at reception.One thing i dislike though is Travelodge's policy of nickel and diming you on the charge to check in early, when it's obvious they already have a room ready for you when you get there. Most people would just pay up because they dont want to be sitting around at reception for 2 hours waiting for 3 oclock to arrive just to avoid paying it,and I guess thats what they count on. They are pretty firm on this rule too,unless it's quite close to the check in time they may let it slide if the reception staff is in a good mood !Overall though I would stay here again,newer hotel,pretty quiet, good location with good transport links	
Oct 23 2009 	An adequate place only but the breakfast is the worst in the world!	Yes, it is typically Travelodge, it is clean and in a spartan room has air conditioning. Internet access is good but costs £10 per day. The surrounding area is OK but the Lord Nelson over the road is not to be recommended. The Wine Theatre is fine with decent wine and food but strange music. A walk to either Borough Market or to South Bank Centre is well worth it.DO NOT BUY THE BREAKFAST AT £7.50 it is disgusting, cardboard sausages, cold beans, eggs and tomatoes. Clearly they had poured tinned tomatoes into the warming tray and expected them to heat up over a small candle flame. Find a cafe, go to Pret's anything as it will be more rewarding and better value for money.	
Oct 10 2009 	Why don't Travelodge get it?	Perfectly clean and functional room. Air conditioned - great in the summer. But the beds and pillows just aren't comfortable - and surely that ought to be the thing hotels have to get right? It's one thing when it's a £40 a night Travelodge, but this place charges £90 a night. Just not good value.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great value and location for no frills break	We had a good deal on this hotel so it was great value. The location is great literally 2 mins from Southwark tube and bus and less than 10 to Waterloo.The rooms were fine like any travelodge basic, but very clean.It is really near train lines and you can hear them a bit...bit it was no noiser then any hotel in London and the noise did not bother us at all.Service was OK....a few minor annoying things, like use of iron was timed, we never had enough towels or pillows for 2 people, key cards stopped working every day as they only validated them per day for us for some reason!However I would def stay again if we could get a good deal.	
Sep 30 2009 	Great value clean good staff. Location good	Stopped in Travelodges in London before, this was recommended after my son stopped here. Easy to get to Tube very close, Tate Modern 5 minutes walk next to the river. Excellent service, clean functional rooms. I have paid lots more for worse places. Book in advance and get a good deal. Paid £40 per night for the room excellent value, breakfast OK, standard feed your face buffet.	
Sep 30 2009	Excellent for the O2 and Waterloo	Spent a weekend in London with my Mum as we went to a concert at the O2. In the past we have stayed in a docklands hotel, but when Travelodge had an offer for £19 per night who could refuse it? The hotel is just a couple of minutes away from Southwark Underground station which is on the Jubilee line so just a few stops away from Waterloo station and the O2 without the hastle of changing. The room was spacious, clean, tea and coffee facilities, flat screen tv and more importantly quiet - apart from a few people slamming their doors . We didnt eat here, but they had a cafe with cheap food. Definately would stay here again.	
Sep 21 2009 	New Travelodge good location shame about the breakfast!	Stayed at this hotel as part of a hen night group and it seemed that it was popular with other groups but you wouldn't know it as there was very little noise. Other poisitives, this hotel was really easy to find, being really close to Southwark tube station. It seemed to be a relatively new hotel so all of the rooms were basic but clean and tidy, as were the communal areas.On the downside the receptionists were not overly helpful and seemed a little disorganised. By far the biggest negative was the breakfast. The one site cafe was way too small for the size of the hotel and for £7.50 I would expect more choice. There was a very small hot plate area and they kept running out of hot food, resulting in a big wait for food. If I stayed here again I would save my money and get breakfast somewhere else.	
Sep 21 2009 	Pretty poor for the price paid....	Check in fine and friendly, but allocated a room on the 6th floor, the corridor of which was in darkness, making finding the room difficult. Being late and having an early start the next morning, didn't notice straight away that no towels had been provided. No one around at reception early in the morning to advise of the problems. Room otherwise fine and clean, but more attention to detail needed here!	
Sep 19 2009 	For a budget hotel.....highly recommended!!!!!!	We stayed at the Travelodge Southwark for 3 nights after flying from Australia to London. Checked in at 7pm and all very efficient and smooth.The rooms are spacious (ask for a family room if it is the same price as a double, you get a lounge in it) and comfortable.It is considered a no frills hotel as they dont provide all the toiletries etc but as far as everything else it was brilliant. It is only a newly built hotel with a 5 minute walk t the tube station and a 15 minute walk to London Eye. Very central.The restaurant food is basic (good if you prebook the 2 course dinner for 6 pounds) eg fish and chips, lasagne, curry etc but there are pubs and restaurants/cafes right outside the front doors. The wine bar next door is excellent for a meal!They also have vending machines in the reception area and internet terminals (a pound per 20 minutes).........really couldnt fault it. Especially if you go a cheap rate!!	
Sep 9 2009 	A comfortable relaxing stay	I'm quite fussy about the cleanliness of hotels but this travelodge was very clean and modern. We stayed for 2 nights (2nd-4th Sept) and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The location was excellent - virtually on the doorstep of Southwark Tube station and about a 20 min walk to the London eye. The hotel service was excellent and on the 2nd day we returned to our room to find our bed had been made, clean towels etc. There are a lot of rooms with about 7 floors and I thought we might hear other guests, however the whole stay was peaceful and relaxing. There are also some great local bars / restaurants and can highly recommend 'Tas' - a greek/turkish restaurant which is literally a 2 minute walk from the Travelodge.	
Sep 7 2009 	Second Visit - will be going back again soon (I hope!)	This is our second visit to the Southwark Travelodge this year. It's ideally located (even more so now there's a convenience store below it selling milk, papers, snacks etc). The Tate Modern is a five minute stroll, and there are loads of restaurants/cafes in the Blue Fin Building, just before you get to it. There's a Pret, Leon, Starbucks and a load of other eateries, all of which looked very nice.The hotel is situated on the railway line but don't let that put you off - the double glazing is very good. We asked for a room on one of the upper levels (there are 7 floors) and facing the road. Luckily we were situated in room 627, which is overlooking Union Street. You get next to no noise in this room. There are secure doors on every corridor so it feels quite secure. The first night we were there, some rowdy girls we on their way out to a club, and came back very noisily at 4am. This was the exception though - we were there for eight nights and only had a little disruption this one time. In the main it's mostly business people, young couples and families who seem to make use of the hotel.The location of the hotel is really it's major selling point. It is a two minute walk from Southwark tube station (great for the Jubilee line, meaning you can be at Bond Street tube in about 15 mins). Waterloo station and all its amenities are about 10 minutes away, There's a Sainsburys Local just opposite the station, as well as a nice pub called The Wellington which sells pretty good pub food. There are lots of bus stops here too, and the area as a whole feels quite safe.The room was extremely spacious and the bathroom was neat and clean. You know what to expect (and what not to expect with Travelodges) - just a bar of soap, no fripperies, but for the amount we paid (ave. 30 quid a night) that's just fine. It was nice to have a bath after a long day schlopping around London and the water was really, really hot (a plus point for me as I like it bordering on scalding!!). The shower was nice and powerful too. The towels weren't fantasticly soft but they were a good size and did the job just fine.The room was very clean and was serviced daily. The flat-screen TV was a really nice plus points, esp as it had some Freeview channels and radio stations too. Our view of Big Ben was a nice bonus too. I would say our stay was ever so slightly inferior to our stay in January. The staff were not as friendly on this occasion, and the complimentary coffee has gone from being Gold Blend to Nescaffe Original (which I hate!). These are small matters, but I find it's often the little things that make or break a trip. Not that I was overly worried about them in this instance but if I had paid the going rate I think I'\d have been a tad annoyed :)All in all though, I will be going back, probably for the January sales (provided I can get a good deal on the room!). It's a great base for London and I reckon you'd be hard pushed to find such good value anywhere other than a Travelodge in Zone 1.	
Aug 24 2009 	Good Value	Arrived a little early for the early check, but receptionist was very friendly and told us she knew we'd be arriving looking for early check in. We only had to wait a couple of minutes when we were told our room was ready. Room was basic (but that was to be expected from the budget), but it was very clean, had airconditoning and was nice and quite. Location is great, a 2 minute walk to Southwark Tube, 10 mins to Waterloo or London Bridge, walking distance to the Tate/Globe &amp; all the interesting places round London Bridge. The Borough Market is also in the area. I stayed there with my sons, 11yrs and 15 yrs, I felt safe in the area walking back from Tube at night. Very handy shop down stairs that sold everything from fresh bread, milk, sandwiches, drink, papers etc... The Travelodge had a restaurant, that you could get pizza in a box to bring back to the room - great for teens. There was internet in reception which was also good for teens. Reception area had vending machines, handy for late night cold drinks. There is a 24 hour supermarket near the Southwark Tube station.	
Aug 24 2009 	Basic Hotel - but clean and comfortable	The hotel was basic with no frills but for the price we paid it was excellent. It was clean, comfortable and quiet even though it was next to the railway line. It was only 10 -15 minutes walk from the Globe Theatre where we spent the evening and had lots of places to eat close by.Would definately stop at this hotel again.	
Aug 23 2009 	No Hassel No Frills	It’s what you want, just a place to crash after walking around London all day/night. Nothing else. We use Travelodge a lot and this one was pretty good. We had the family room for 2 Adults and one Teen. The couch was more like a day bed, so it was more comfortable then a sofa bed. The room was clean and comfortable. We could see the train going by from our window, but never heard it. We also had views of a office building next door, so be careful when you open the curtains. The restaurant looks like a school cafeteria, but was probably fine. (we didn’t eat there) There isn’t a bar area, but you can get your drinks in the restaurant and sit there or take them to your room. There is a handy shop at the entrance that has all you need. You can walk to the river area in about 10-15 min, and come across some coffee shops along the way. For a lunch or dinner it easy just to walk to the Thames path and find a restaurant. We ate at an Italian place with great views of the river. There was also a nice looking fish restaurant next to it with a upper deck .	
Aug 21 2009 	Very basic - both nights had to evacuate at dawn due to fire alarms	Not impressed, room basic with very cheap, very uncomfortable mattresses, very poor lighting and extractor fan not working in bathroom. Two towels for 4 people. Both nights we were awoken due to fire alarms, first night at 5.25am and second at 7am - no apology at waiting outside in pyjamas with exausted children. Lovely tiny theatre 2 doors along.However pretty cheap for London, clean and near to the station but I wouldn't stay again	
Aug 16 2009 	Clean and comfortable	Stayed for 4 nights for a family break. Had pre booked an early check in which was just as well as we arrived at midday and would have wasted the afternoon waiting to get into our room. On arrival check in was quick and when we got to our room there was only 1 towel and the double bed was made up but no bedclothes for the sofa bed - there were 4 of us. The maid was in the next room so she was able to sort out more towels and bedding without any problem. The room was quite big and very clean. Although we were overlooking the railway it didnt bother us at all. Maids came in every day an made up beds and left clean towels which we didnt expect. They never replaced the toilet roll and we had to go to reception and ask for more, that was the only complaint i could say we had.Breakfast was quite basic but edible and we always got enough to do us. Hotel was about 2 mins walk from southwark tube staton and 5 mins from waterloo. Overall we had an enjoyable stay and would recomment this travelodge.	
Aug 16 2009 	An Excellent stay!	Having stayed at various Travel Lodges across the UK, this has to be the best we've ever stayed at- the hotel is fairly modern with air conditioning, digitial TV and is bright and comfortable. We stayed here either side of travelling to Europe- the first three nights we were on the 7th floor with a great view of St Paul's Cathedral, which looked spectacular at night. The second three nights we were on the second floor- no real view, apart from the railway tracks (but you don't go to London to look out of your hotel window!) Trains passed our window and quite often we couldn't hear them- so noise was certainly not an issue for us. Last year we stayed at the Purple Hotel at Tower Hill (now a Premier Inn) and there wasn't an awful lot of difference between the two- except Travel Lodge rooms were £19- £39a night! A bargain. Will certainly stay again.	
Aug 14 2009 	did the trick too many rooms for the size of the reataurant in it though	I went for a few days holiday in London to show the kids the sites. This Hotel was pretty reasonable on price and fairly handy for London city centre. there is a good wee pub opposite which did food and the owner was friendly so we had a few pints in there at night after a hard day on the tour round the city. It was a good 20 minute walk to the London eye, 5 mins from tate modern, There is quite a few bars etc on the street and it is just 2 minutes from the southwark tube station. We used taxis to get about as it was just as cheap as paying 5 tube tickets. I would probably try and get a hotel a bit closer to the centre next time so we could just walk out to some of the main shops, sites etc. The restaurant was too small for the amount of rooms in the hotel. The hotel was newly opened when we went there so it was clean.	
Aug 13 2009	Great central location for a budget hotel	After seeing warnings about train noise called up and asked for quiet room on check-in day - was duly allocated a top floor room with no noise. Great central location for a budget hotel; most budget places are further out or in poor locations. Walked from here to the Tate Modern then along the South Bank and was at Big Ben in 30mins. Not many budget hotels where this is possible. Room was big for London standards, and clean. Obviously not the best hotel in London, but one of the best for the rate I paid. When I am on a budget London trip I will return here.	
Aug 7 2009 	Perfect for what we needed	We stayed here for 2 nights and found it to be perfect for our needs. It's basic (but you know that, you're staying at a Travelodge!), clean and comfortable. It's about a 2 minute walk from Southwark underground station and only a couple of minutes further away from Waterloo. Most of the time we walked to Waterloo because there's a better choice of trains. The hotel is also within walking distance of Westminster etc (maybe about 15mins at quite a slow pace) so is ideal for sightseeing. We didn't eat in the hotel because there's so much so nearby and wanted to make the most of our stay in London. The only criticism I have is of the staff. We found them to be unfriendly and unhelpful (luckily we only had to deal with them when checking in and out). Apart from that, we'd recommend the hotel and will probably stay there again when we next visit London on a budget. If you're not on a budget, I'd recommend the Park Plaza County Hall which is a few minutes away from the Travelodge and far superior!	
Aug 7 2009 	Great Value and Location	Stayed here for three nights at the end of July. We had a great prepaid Super Saver rate for a family room and also paid for early check-in. The hotel is over a disability employment agency and so is a bit hard to spot at first. It is one block from Southwark tube (very convenient) and about a 10 minute walk to Waterloo station. Check-in was easy and our room was ready. The family room was very spacious for London and had a king bed and a twin sofa bed. The back support cushion comes off the sofa bed and then you put the sheets on. Sheets and towels were of good quality. As others have said here, the bed linen for the sofa bed was not in the room and there were not enough towels for 3 people. But, a quick trip to the front desk remedied that. The room and the bathroom were very, very clean. There was no closet and instead there was a small clothes rack over the sofa bed which was not the most convenient place, especially if you have long dresses or skirts. A/C worked well, as did the flat screen TV. Our room overlooked the rail tracks, but we really could not hear much noise at all from the trains. We also had a view of St. Paul's, which was nice. Did not eat breakfast at the hotel, so can't speak to that. Wi fi worked well (fee applies). There is a pub with outdoor seating across the street, small convenience shop on the ground floor and Borough Market is about a 15 minute walk. Also, the Anchor and Hope gastro pub is a few minutes walk away on The Cut. The hotel also has a small bar and you can bring drinks to your room. As others have said, there are no toiletries or hairdryer in the room, although they have them at the front desk. Also, no phone and they do not provide wake-up calls. So, no frills but due to location, price and cleanliness, I would most definitely stay here again on our next trip.	
Aug 3 2009 	Travelodge	I stayed at this hotel in early July with some friends as the first stop on our Europe Holiday. We found the room spacious for 3 people. It was clean and well maintained. We found the staff to be nice and helpful and never got annoyed when we came down late for breakfast.The Prices per night for the travelodge are very good. I would recommend, that if you are planning to have breakfast booking it online when you book the room.As the other reveiws have mentioned this hotel is in a good location, near southwark train station, and not that long of a walk to waterloo station. Also being in walking distance to the London Eye.Would definitely recommend this hotel to friends staying in London.	
Aug 2 2009 	Great value basic hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Southwark Travelodge for two nights at the end of July 09 as we went to an event in London on the Friday night and wanted to make the most of our stay. We got quite a good deal by booking online in advance and the hotel was in a gret location for us.The rooms are surprisingly spacious, and are very basic but have everything you need. They cut costs by not putting toiletries, irons and hairdryers in the rooms, but according to an in-room leaflet you can ask for anything they don't have at reception (we didn't need anything). Because of this it feels a bit empty and cheap compared to other hotel rooms (at Premier Inns, Holiday Inns etc), though it is cheaper so you get what you pay for. The bathroom was very basic but clean and the shower was particularly good, lovely and hot! Check-in was 3pm and check-out was 12pm, much later than many other London hotels. I was particularly impressed by the safety of the hotel, you need your room card to enter the main entrance after 6pm, and once you get up the lift onto your floor you again need your room card to enter the corridor to the rooms.The location was really good, literally seconds from Southwark station (Jubilee Line) and minutes from Bankside - Tate Modern, St. Pauls Cathedral, South Bank - and The Old Vic and other theatres. If you don't know it's there you'll probably walk past it, it's above a Costcutter/employment agency and you'll only notice it if you actually look carefully for it so keep an eye out (on the left right before the railway bridge if you're walking from Southwark station).Overall, very basic but good value for a cheap and cheerful London hotel, and a great location.	
Aug 2 2009 	Stressed out staff	We stayed in a family room with 2 adullts and 2 children (7yrs &amp; 4yrs). The location is the best thing about the hotel, short walk from tube, but no signage makes it easy to miss. Rooms are typical Travelodge, roomy but sparse on furnishing. I was forewarned about lack of linen and towels for our family on TA and this was the case when we arrived. Tired from a long journey with kids on the tube, I had to trudge back down to reception to ask for more towels and the linen for the kid's beds. Staff were apologetic, but clearly stressed and not coping with workload. We also discovered dirty linen behind the door when we entered, and my sister who arrived earlier in the day was given her room key only to discover someone elses bags in it. Staff said they had a power failure that day which meant that the room got missed and obviously the previous guests didn't check out on time. Talk about security risk! My advice is don't leave any valuables in room and lock your bags. Breakfast was good value as 2 kids can eat free with one adult. On the whole a pleasant stay but more staff would ease the workload and make sure mistakes don't happen.	
Jul 27 2009 	Perfect for XXL!	Stayed here a few times now when we've gone clubbing to XXL. The location is fantastic, 2 mins from Southwark tube station, 5 mins from Waterloo. It's 400 meters from the club.Pleanty of minimarket type shops here too, but be carefull of the sandwiches I bought one got back to hotel room and it was mouldy!Room was basic but adequate for 1 or 2 night stay. Very clean. AIrcon worked well.The checkin staff here could be more friendly though. Housekeepers a bit noisy in the morning!	
Jul 23 2009 	Cheap Clean Great location and lots of trains!	Great location for tube station (Southwark) and bus route RV1 which runs from Covent Garden to the Tower. Very modern and clean. Great security with key pad outside (for after 10pm) and on each floor. Shower and bath, tea/coffee, modern lighting and flat screen tv. My son thought he was in heaven as there were about 7 train lines right outside the window, and signals too. Only a little noise could be heard in the room, not enough to keep you awake. Breakfast convenient, we'd paid in advance (£11.68 for 2 adults and 2 children) Juice cheap and watery but everything else ok. Definitely recommend for families.	
Jul 17 2009 	Great Budget Hotel	very basic hotel but great prices! breakfast was really good and quiet cheap for a hotel breakfast. 7 pound 50 pence. room was very clean and beds and shower were awesome. no frills here but just everything you need thats great. good location (only 100 mts from southwark underground) and can walk to london eye, big ben etc in about 20 mins.	
Jul 5 2009 	Clean spacious and modern value	The room was very clean and more spacious than we expected (included tub). We experienced a comfortable 5night stay here, although one of the elevators was out for about half our stay, the room was quiet and offered all the basics (coffee maker too). Everything is accessible, though not necessarily central, however, the southwark underground station is only a block away. You could take a longer walk to fleet street or a short one to the Tate Modern, millenium bridge or St. Paul's. There's a few good places to eat/drink there too. This is a great value for a comfortable stay.	
Jul 3 2009 	Good value - basic clean roomy	I've used this Travelodge a few times. Although it appears at first sight to be tucked away in an obscure part of south London its actually very handy for lots of things. I always stay there on business and its only a 15-20 minute walk into the City, but it's also good for a range of the South Bank attractions, particularly the Tate Modern which is literally 5 minutes walk. There's a Tube station just along the road too (Southwark - Jubilee Line)It's a typical Travelodge. Good value, clean and tidy. Rooms are a good size and despite being next to a busy set of rail-tracks I've never been kept awake by trains. I've never worried about buying a breakfast there as there are all sorts of cafes and other eateries in the viscinity.	
Jun 30 2009 	Basic Hotel - You get what you pay for	We stayed in this hotel as we were going to a gig in Hyde Park and it is a bit of a journey to travel back home late at night so we decided to book here as it is convenient and only a walk away from where we work. When we went to book in we waited and I gave a smile to the receptionist but she just scowled at me, no please and thank yous at all, just extremely abrupt and rude. As we had turned up at 2pm and wanted to get into our room early she just barked at us that it was an extra £10 (which we knew) and she stood there sighing away. They really need to get their customer services up to scratch! Room was very basic and next to the railway line, but as others have said, double glazing was very good. Air conditioning was very good as it was such a hot day. Bathroom modern and clean and shower fantastic. If was to stay up London again I would definitely go back to Premier Inns as I find them much nicer and the staff much friendlier than this particular Travel Lodge.	
Jun 7 2009 	OK For a cheap clean bed but Premier Inn Southwark 100 times better	Booked this on a cheap deal as a cheap getaway with friends. Really glad we didnt pay alot as wasnt that impressed. Checked on the website prior to departure, re hairdryer, and said available at reception, what it didnt say was that there was only one, and you had to wait for it and then you had to drop it back within the hour. Reception staff were majorly lacking on the personality front, not what you would call person people - Not a great idea on the front line. Asked where the bar was and was told that it was closed and would only be open if Daniel came in, probably around 5pm, and if Daniel was not there then the bar wouldnt be open, so we didnt bother. Re our rooms, Luckily we wernt in our room at all and when we were, we just needed to sleep, bed and room clean so it was fine, but we booked two double rooms and both were tiny, and overlooking the main rail track, so very noisy, so if you book this hotel ask for one not overlooking the railway. Housekeeping knocked on our door at 8.30 am to clean the room on day of checkout, not that impressed as we kept saying no, have to come back later, she didnt have a clue what we were saying and just kept saying Housekeeping, and wanted to come in - Not good, especially on the morning after the night before, and when the staff dont understand a word of English - So frustrating. Have stayed at the Premier Inn in Southwark many times, and it knock spots of this hotel. If you have a choice of the two for the same price thenI would def pick the Premier Inn Southwark. If you just want a bed and nothing else as long as you get a really cheap deal, and stipulate whereabouts in the hotel you want to be you will be fine	
May 26 2009 	good value	good price.good staff.ideal location if youre in central london to get you everywhere.if youre a runner who wants to spend a night prior to your run,this hotel is ideal.will be close to the start of the race.nice and clean rooms.shops everywhere.only thing is,its opposite the pub and you know how people are when they have too much alcohol in their liver and brain.anyway,still this hotel is cheap if we disregard people who drink too much risking their health.	
May 22 2009 	Definitely can't complain	For £29 per night we definitely could not complain. 5 mins from London Waterloo and South Bank, 2 mins from Southwark underground station. Family room quite new, big, clean, usual Travelodge layout. Breakfast room (though we did not use it) seemed light and airy. Rooms surprisingly quiet given railway line and busy road (aircon, not possible to open windows, aircon rather noisy so we switched it off without any noticeable increase in heat). Small shop next door sold basics.	
May 17 2009 	No frills budget hotel - perfectly adequate for business trip.	Even though I live just 20 miles away, I had to attend an evening function in Central London and rather than risk the last train home I decided to stay here. It was fine for what it was - the room was basic but clean and spacious. The breakfast was ok (although you would get better and cheaper at a local cafe). The pillows were terrible, however, too big and not supportive enough. It's a no-frills hotel at a budget price in the middle of a really expensive city.	
May 11 2009 	Not the best - be warned they dont hold luggage and late check in/early check out only	we were told on the phone that we can pay £10 extra to check in early, when we arrived we were told we couldn't had to wait until a room becomes available. After speaking nicely to the chap at the desk we managed to get 1 room (so we can put out luggage in)Rooms are ok, as you would expect for a travel lodge, however the breakfast was not so good, they didn't have sausages, bacon left (at 09:00, breakfast finishes at 11:00) and the eggs were powder scrambled eggs.Prefer the travel lodge on covent gardens or the premier travel inn at the london eye.Even though our room was next to the railway line, we never heard the noise of the trains going by (good double glazing)There is an underground station near buy however, the weekend we were there it was shut, so had to walk to waterloo station!	
May 10 2009 	An awful stay for me despite the cheap price	I needed to stay in central London for a night, and saw the amazing £29 price at this hotel. I like my luxuries, but certainly for one night I was more than happy to stay in a functional modern room. Reading the reviews, I was quite certain that my stay would be acceptable. However, I had an awful night, and wished I'd forked out a bit more to stay elsewhere. The main problem was that my room STANK of old smoke, despite being a non-smoking room. The smell was of ingrained smoke, and didnt seem like it was just due to the last guest having a quick puff. It was awful. I aksed the receptionist if I could move, she was one of the most miserable people I have ever encountered, and simply said 'hotel full', or something to that extent. So I had to go back to my miserable room. The pillow was so uncomfortable that I actually had to put it on the floor and use some folded up clothes I had with me instead, which was infinitely more comfortable! The carpets were beginning to look a bit grimey, but to be fair the very basic bathroom was very clean. I believe all travelodges dont have soap, but unfortunately I didnt realise this before I arrived. How much would it cost them to put in a small bar of soap or dispenser? I found the hotel to be depressing, and very uncomfortable. I was only there for a few hours, but I barely slept due to the stink of the room and unfomfortable bed. It may be modern, but its new-ness (and therefore implication that it will be clean) may now be wearing off.I am usually very forgiving when the price is cheap, but I would never stay here again. Shme the staff were rude too, if they were remotely apologetic, maybe I'd have been more generous in my review.Location is good, but there are many other hotels in the area. Next time Ill try the local Holiday Inn express as I have another trip coming up soon.	
May 10 2009	Fabulous stay - perfect bargain break!	Really enjoyed our stay at this hotel, especially the bargain price of £165 for a family room for 3 nights at the Saver Rate! The room was quite spacious, everything was spotlessly clean and all still looks new. Location is excellent, very close to Southwark Tube Station and within walking distance of Millennium Bridge, St Paul's, the Globe, Tate Modern etc. Jubilee Line was closed during our stay but you can also walk to Waterloo within 10 minutes. Costcutter store across the road is cheaper than the shop next to the hotel, and all local amenities, cafes, restaurants are right on the doorstep. Beds were very comfortable, and even the third bed which our daughter slept in was fine. Our room was 228 - at the front of the hotel, overlooking the main road, but very quiet - we couldn't hear any trains. Maids did an excellent job and the Reception desk staff were friendly and helpful. Can't comment on the breakfast as we didn't eat there. The hotel is in a nice, area which felt safe even late at night and after 10 pm the outer door is locked and only accessible via your key card, as is the main door onto the hotel corridors. I would definitely recommend this hotel for location, cleanliness, and a comfy bed!	
May 7 2009 	Perfect location	Stayed one night over the bank holiday great deal £19 a night. Hotel, bedroom and bathroom very clean. No noise problems from trains forgot they were there. We had a young child with us, which they knew when we checked in, when we got to room found there was no bedding for the childs bed, so we had to trundle back down to reception to get towels and bedding, why couldn't they have given us the bedding when we checked in? save us going up and down loads of times. In the morning we thought we would try the breakfast £7.50 each, free for children. On the menu it looked great all named products e.g. Kelloggs cereals and muller yogurts. Plenty of choice with the cereals but the fridge only had one flavour of yogurt in it and if you didn't happen to like that one too bad, I asked them for a different flavour and was told there was none. Cooked breakfast was ok but they were slow to replenish stocks.Overall Hotel is excellent, ideal location but would give the breakfast a miss next time.	
May 6 2009 	Good T/L (for a change).	Although very close to the railway, the double glazing keeps noise down to a very slight murmer which should prove little trouble (I was in 212 which is eye level with the trains and no problems sleeping at night).Being very new everything works well well, and is still clean. Reception on first floor with lift up, and each floor has security locks on landing doors for access to the corridors to rooms.Whilst the tube is useful for many, of note is that buses 45 and 63 from Kings Cross to Elephant (and beyond) and 100 stop outside Southwark Tube Stn. as well. This makes this T/L very well connected and a possibility for an overnight before/after Eurostar for those travelling light (around 20/25 mins bus ride to KGX and a few minutes walk).As already mentioned plenty of Pubs/Restos locally, plus takeaways and at least 2 local convenience stores a few minutes walk along The Cut.	
Apr 28 2009	Couldn't be happier!	I stayed at the Southwark Travelodge for 4 nights April 18-22/09. All in all my stay was an extremely pleasant one, the location was fantastic, the room was very clean and the connections to the Tube are great being just a 2 minute walk to Southwark Station or Waterloo Station about 5-8 minutes away. There were lots of restaurants and pubs in the area, and a handy convienience store just under the hotel for drinks and snacks.Although the room was basic, it had plenty of space and was bright and airy with a great view of Union Street. The hotel was kind enough to loan out a hairdryer, as our North American one we brought along was giving us trouble. I would like to mention that 99% of the time the service from the staff was absolutely fabulous, and Chris (I hope I remember his name correctly!) went out of his way to make sure our stay was enjoyable. I cannot thank him enough. I would definitely stay at this hotel in the future.	
Apr 24 2009 	Pound for pound excellent!	We stayed at the travelodge for 4 nights last week and OK it's not &quot;perfect&quot; but it does represent real value in clean modern surroundings 2 minutes from Southwark tube, and so easy access to all of central London.We didn't like the lack of shelf storage space nor the short hanging rail over the sofa bed - that is disappointing planning by the hotel's designers. It would be easy to fit more adequate storage space.The lcd tv on the wall was fine and the air conditioning both effecient and quiet. Our room smelled of the previous occupants food and wasn't the inviting first ipression that you want when you first step into your allocated hotel room. However by propping the door open for a short while (you cannot open the windows) and switching the air conditioning on, the smells did go away.With the proximity of the railway and the sounds of the night-time locals, it's advantageous to have a higher room, we stayed on the top (7th) floor which was ideal.For the money, probably the best value hotel in London.	
Apr 20 2009 	Good for a London base - and close to Waterloo.	I've just spent two nights at this Travelodge, whilst our excuse was going to a friend's wedding in Surrey. We needed to be close to Waterloo for the train, which we were - about a 10 - 15 min walk in heels!Our room, 506, was overlooking the railway lines and we thought that we were doomed for two nights of sleepless nights. Not at all! Thankfuly we could hardly hear a thing and what we could hear was so muffled that it didn't spoil my beauty sleep. The double glazing must have been pretty good!The room was very clean (not something that we experienced at the Ashford Travelodge!) although my husband complained that they hadn't really thought when they installed the tv on the wall - it was too high up! I suppose that was our only minor complaint about the room. There was hanging space for our clothes and Reception could provide us with an iron and ironing board to press our clothes so we looked semi-presentable at the wedding!We didn't have breakfast at the Travelodge. We made the most of having Borough Market within a 10 min walk on one morning (some of the cafes there are open all week) - cheaper than eating at the hotel and the following morning we walked along the Thames and had breakfast in the Tate Modern cafe. Pretty great, to be honest. This is definitely one of the best Travelodges that we've stayed in and will definitely seriously consider it again when needing a London base. We'd paid £52 for the room per night which is almost impossible to find in London - and so close to Borough Market.	
Apr 19 2009 	You get what you pay for... but customer service should cost nothing	Arrived at the hotel at 2:15pm, at reception were told we hadn't paid for early check in so would have to wait or pay a tenner. Very true, but there's ways of saying it! Checked in at 3 to a room smelling badly of takeaway food and no way of getting fresh air in to get rid of it. The room was OK... I can't think of another word. The view of the train tracks (you could hear them passing but it didn't interfere with sleep or anything), no ventilation, toothpaste on the floor from the previous customers (cleaners?) and the only hanging space being over the bed were the bad points. I still label it OK as there was tea/coffee, a TV and comfy clean beds. Only one towel though in a family room.. easily got more from reception.Breakfast was OK, again no other word.. sausage was a bit dodgy (aka artificial) and having to put the toast through the machine twice was a pain but again, you get what you pay for, there was probably more choice than I expected. However again my customer service comment applied as when I asked for sweetener I was told to go to reception to get it, forgive my humble opinion but I would have expected them to say it in a bit less of an abrupt manner, or actually get me some. Then, after I got it, I put it on the table, with my tea, got up to get a yoghurt, came back and found along with the empty plates the sweetener had been taken!!! Also we left our breakfast voucher in the room, they said it was OK as they could check at reception, then waited until we were mid breakfast before deciding we had to go and get the voucher, and we had to get it now. Bit of common courtesy amis again! Other than that, location excellent, place served it's purpose, was clean enough and was what I would expect for what I paid... however customer service and courtesy is free and shouldn't lower in line with the price, and for me that I what would perhaps make me personally consider looking elsewhere for a next visit to London.	
Apr 19 2009 	clean and friendly	I stayed for two nights and found the location fabulous. i was travelling as a single female with two teenage girls but felt perfectly safe. Rooms basic but clean and even had air conditioning. I was amazed at how quiet it was just a rumble of trains and gurgling pipes. I stayed at london city road last year and it was awful, hot and very very noisy so this was a pleasent surprise. staff polite and spoke good english. breakfast ok but the kids ate free so really cant complain.	
Apr 17 2009 	Genuine value in London	Having stayed in many travelodges in recent years whilst working away from home, I am not a big fan. Slough, Reading, Bracknell - yes they are cheap, but just souless, and I have had my share of problems with late night noise and even unwanted 'guests' sleeping in the corridor outside my room (thanks, Travelodge Watford).Spent 2 nights in Travelodge Southwark last week and also this week, and I am pleased to say - Travelodge Southwark is very decent. Still the basics only in the room, but you knew that when you booked, and a very decent (if a bit small) flatscreen. Staff have been very friendly to me, rooms are quite large, clean, and quiet (apart from a little train noise - but it's London......). Breakfast was a bit of a scrum with lots of kids, but it is the Easter hols, so hopefully whan I stay again next week the little darlings will be back in a school many miles away...Location is excellent - one minute walk from Southwark station, and less than 10 mins walk to the variety of Southbank attractions. So well done Travelodge - value for money in London, now there's a novelty.	
Apr 15 2009 	Not at all impressed	We stayed for two nights Sunday 12th and Monday 13th april 09.On arrival we were told if we wanted to book in before 3.00pm we would be charged £10.00 so we sat in the bar with several other families and waited.The bar doesn't open until three either so you have to buy bottled beer soft drinks etc. The first room we were allocated had wet carpets so we had to move. The first night we were woken in the early hours by other guests banging doors and shouting.We were refunded the price of our room.You can hear people in rooms above and below running water baths shutting doors etc.we were away from the railway line but the noise from the traffic was disruptive I don't know where the double glazing came from but you could even hear people talking in the street.The majority of the staff speak very poor English which is frustrating.Breakfast is £7.50 per adult with kids eating free and was adequate in volume but of very poor quality, no fresh fruit one very slow toaster and food continually running out.On our final day we gave up waiting for the food to be replenished at the so called buffett and left the restaurant and were refunded our money.The location is good with a nearby tube and all the sites very close.There are some beautiful cheap restaurants five minutes away with every kind of food imaginable but you are going to need to eat out because the food in the hotel is poor.On the whole good location and if you're prepared to complain enough they do give refunds but take a bit more money and eat out.	
Apr 13 2009 	Clean hotel with a very good location	myself and my partner stayed in this hotel for 3 nights, it was basic (although at the price we payed you wouldn't expect any better)) but very clean. hotel was in a great location with a tube stop just yards away, Our room was right beside numerous train tracks but we had no problem with the noise from the trains.	
Apr 6 2009 	What more do you need?	We stayed for a 3-night city break, having visited many London hotels / apartments over the last couple of decades. The hotel was clean, staff friendly and the simple room had all basic requirements. I did miss a bath, I only have a shower at home and love to have a good soak when in a hotel. Guess that my loss is the planets gain.Minutes from the Southbank there's plenty to do nearby; you can spend at least a day without venturing onto the nearby tube network. Make it a day when the Borough Market is on. Avoid the first Indian Restaurant you come to on the Cut ... re-heats &quot;R&quot; us.	
Mar 30 2009 	Had a great stay here	The room was basically furnished, but it was clean and modern and suited my needs. Water pressure was super, lots of hot water, and very comfortable bed. Reception loaned me a hair dryer for my eight nights. The climate control system is a nice feature, as is the electric kettle with tea, coffee, sugar, milk, mugs and spoons. My room was at the top floor (with view of St. Paul's, as requested), and though I did hear the trains below, I was not disturbed. Location is pretty good once you figure out your transportation options and bus routes. In addition to the on-site cafe and bar, which I did not use, there are plenty of eating places in the area. There are two computers for guest use, but they were down for 4-5 days during my stay. Considering the price I paid, it was an excellent value all around.	
Mar 27 2009 	good base camp for london	i have to say that i agree with most peoples reviews on here. spent 3 nights at travelodge in room 121 which was 1st floor on the corner at the front of the building. we heard some traffic noise from the road but nothing to really upset us. we paid £108 for 3 nights with breakfast which is good for london. i opted for the breakfast but it really wasnt much kop. typical self service that alot of chains are opting for which doesnt really bother me. premier inn and village hotels use this method but the food at the travelodge wasnt of a good quality. for £7.50 each it was too dear. if you just want juice, cereal, toast, tea or coffee then your ok but the hot cooked side was pretty drab. i would search out other reviewers reccommendations for local caffs. location wise was great. literally 300 yards down the road to southwark tube. used the tube everyday and came back at 11 or 12 at night with no fear of safety. the rooms were comfy but basic. if you want superior quality then go and pay the scandalous rates of £150+ per night that many a london hotel will gladly take off you. if you just want a good location with basic comfy beds then i would have no hesitation in recommending this travelodge. would i use this branch again? yes but i would look elsewhere for breakfast!!!!!	
Mar 22 2009 	Ideal for a budget break in London	Stayed here recently for 2 nights in a family room. Only a couple of minutes walk away from Southwark tube and less than 10 minutes walk away to the Tate Modern and the riverside (where Thames Clippers go from). Also about 10 mins walk time to Waterloo. Had a pleasant stroll along the river to the London Eye and back during our stay.Our room on a high floor had both a bath and shower with soap (bring your own shower gel / shampoo etc) and a kettle with tea and coffee. The room was spotless and both the main double bed and sofa bed were comfortable. The air conditioning worked.I have stayed at far more more expensive hotels with saggy mattresses in stuffy, stifling rooms. Nice flat screen tv and a window with a glimpse of St Pauls and the Gherkin beyond the train tracks. The window had a simple but effective blackout blind. Virtually no noise from the trains passing beneath so the double glazing obviously works.Didn't have breakfast at the hotel ( I think it was £7.50 with kids free). There are a couple of small basic cafes near to hotel (one was outdoor), and a few more elaborate places around the Blue Fin building area. There was a very good convenience store right next to the hotel and an M&amp;S Simply Food within a few minutes walk. A small wine / aperetivo bar was also situated next door to the hotel. As you walk along the riverside area, near Shakespeare's Globe Theatre and onwards, you'll find places like Pizza Express, The Real Greek etc.The staff at reception were polite and helpful. There was a vending machine for drinks and a couple of internet terminals. The Bar Cafe was next to the reception area and there was a food menu in the bedroom with reasonably priced options including pizzas available to order and take back to your room.We paid £10 for a late check out at 2pm. This was well worth it as we had a relaxed lunch and freshened up before the journey home. You can't leave luggage at reception, and this was the best option for us as leaving several items of luggage at any of the London rail stations is not cheap. Southwark tube was closed on the Saturday we left but a bus goes from right outside it directly to Kings Cross station, which was extremely handy. For the rate we paid, this hotel offered excellent value. Would definitely consider it for any future London visits.	
Mar 15 2009 	A basic motel but excellent value for money	Donlt expect any frills beyond a tea and coffee tray and a flat screen TV at any travelodge. Having said that, it's a brand new building (about 9 months old) and our room was still in excellent condition with a responsive A/C heating system. Very efficient power shower - a clean functional box of a room. The location is fantastic, about 5 minutes walk from Southwark tube station, 3 stops or so on the Jubilee Line from Central London.Staff were efficient and friendly. That is a huge compliment for Travelodge as at some London locations they struggle with even the english language. We found a great cafe a few minutes walk away if you wanted to an alternative to the hotel's breakfast offering.	
Mar 11 2009 	well positioned value for money	A good budget hotel, very basic room, but lovely comfy beds and hot, powerful showers. Wall mounted flat screen T.V. not big, but who goes away to watch t.v.??? Kettle, tea coffee and milk. We were there for two nights and the second day our rooms were not 'done' or replenished, had to go to reception for more tea/coffee/milk. Said our rooms had not been done, but receptionist never replied and I couldn't be bothered to question it. A Cafe/Bar provided the usual snacks and meals, Chilli, Pizza, Lasagne etc..Beer, Wine, bottles etc. with a large T.V . Not bad but not the place you'd want to spend an evening, but of course that's not what it's meant for. It also serves breakfast in the mornings. Next door to the Tavelodge is the Wine Theatre Restaurant, this is very nice if you do not want to go to far. Early evening you can order a drink and help yourself to light snacks which was very popular when we were there. The nearby pub's were very busy on the Friday night and Saturday night they seemed very quite. The hotel is well placed for London's sights. The Young Vic and the Old Vic are just down the road. We chose this hotel because it was walking distance from Waterloo Station.	
Mar 9 2009 	Would recommend it!!	Was pleasantly surprised at my stay at this Travelodge. Booked it on the Travelodge website for £9 one night and £19 for the second night, so was a bargain!! The hotel looks pretty much brand new. Room was very clean and comfortable. Staff were very friendly and helpful when checking in. Our room overlooked the railway track on the 2nd floor and although there were plenty of trains going past, we didn't hear a thing, so that wasn't a problem. The location itself is quite quiet, especially at night. There's several nice bars and restaurants in the area and Southwark station is only a 2 minute walk away and from there it is very simple to get into town. Would definitely recommend it.	
Feb 27 2009 	nice but cold	stayed her as i needed to go to a conference it was a normal standerd travelodge. the people were polite my only problem was that it was cold in the room and i couldn't find anything that would warm it up. There is however a noisy air conditioning system. I didn't eat in the restraunt as i find there food is expensive.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great for Trainspotters	In short, this is thew worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Upon arrival I was informed that the hotel had spent £75,000 on soundproofing, however, this did not stop me being woken up every night by the 23:56 Victoria to Waterloo train. The highlight of my stay was checking out! There was also an annoying problem with the lifts!	
Feb 25 2009 	Brilliant budget accomodation	We booked this way in advance in order to get the room for £19. We were aware it was walking distance to Waterloo and Southwark, but didn't realise just how close to Southwark tube station. The hotel amazingly clean, and the room was pristine too. It was quite a basic room, but what do you expect for £19. The large double bed was very comfy, air con/heating in the room, tea &amp; coffee making facilities, flat screen TV, plenty of pillows! Can't go wrong! Check in was easy and the chap was very helpful. Breakfast we felt was a little expensive at £7.50 for what it was (buffet style), but when you add the cost of the room to it, it turned out ar £34 for both of us B&amp;B! Can't be bad! Although the room looked out onto the train track, the windows were really well insulated and we never heard a thing. The shower was remarkably powerful and there was an abundance of roasting hot water! There was a massive snowstorm while we were here and the hotel were great in finding information regarding transport we required. Will definitely be recommending it and returning.	
Feb 24 2009 	£9 a room!!! Bargain!	2nd time have stayed at this Travelodge. 2 mins from Southwark tube on Jubilee line. 4 stops and you are in Bond Street. We thought location was ideal. Went to Vinopolis on Sunday and is within walking distance. Also close to Borough Market.There is a shop next door to hotel which sells newspapers/snacks etc, but no alcohol. Walk bit further down road and there is a costcutter.To avoid to train tracks, request a room not over looking them. They usuall accomodate if not too busy. You wont have a view (building oppo), but will have a very quiet night sleep - heard no noise. Room 418!! Comfy bed, clean room, not much space but ideal location for getting out and about.Only down fall is the shower......its very slow trickle, very annoying but hey it was one night and I paid £9 unbelievable.Staff at check in were extremely friendly and helpful!!	
Feb 20 2009 	Surprisingly Good	I was expecting to be a little bias against Travelodge as I work for Premier Inn but I couldn't resist booking this hotel as it was so cheap. We booked on a saver rate and it worked out better value than anything I could get with my own company in central London. The hotel is in a great location near Southwark tube station. We actually walked past the entrance as it looks like a office building with only a small sign above the door. We arrived at 2:50 pm and check in was at 3pm. We thought that it was a little strange being told that we could only check in before 3pm if we paid an addittional £10. Surprisingly we waited in the bar along with about six other groups of people till 3pm and then had to wait in a queue for 15 mins to check in. I would have thought that you could have checked in at whatever time to make things easier for both the staff and guests.The room we were given was quite nice. Basic as budget hotels tend to be. The room was clean and well furnished. The bathroom was the same if perhaps a little small but not really a problem.We did have some issues while we were staying though. The reception wasn't staffed at various times of the day. We did wait on a few occasions for a member of staff to appear from the back office. The fire alarm went off at 8am on the day of departure - talk about a wake up call. We presumed that it was a test as it went on and off about four times. I understand that the alarm does need to be tested but it would make more sense to test at a time later in the day when people aren't sleeping.Overall it was a nice place to stay. I think the negative points we found were very rare occurances and shouldn't put anyone off staying. If you're looking for a place to stay that's cheap and central this would be it. I would definitely stay here again. I'm visiting London again later on this year and have booked the Travelodge on Liverpool St to see how it compares. Fingers crossed!	
Feb 17 2009 	Excellent value for money	We stayed at the Southwark travelodge in London for valentines weekend. We were a bit apprehensive before we went due to getting the room for only £35 a night!! A total bargain, so we thought that there must be a catch somewhere. We arrived into Kings Cross train station and got the Piccadilly line to Green Park then changed onto the Jubilee line to Southwark. It was really simple and very quick. Within 10-15 minutes we were at Southwark tube station. Directly across the road there was a Costcutter (excelent for cheap beer, wine and nibbles) then less than a 2 minute walk away was the hotel. As the hotel only opened in May 2008 everything is still very fresh and new. There are no stains on the carpet and no mould on the tiles in the bathroom. Only slight drawback was that we could not check in until 3pm. Our room was large (especially by London standards), very clean and even had tea/coffee making facilities. It was basic but contemporary in design. We did not eat at the hotel but breakfast was a buffet at £7.50 per person and they had evening meals and a bar. I can find no faults with the hotel whatsoever. Last time we were in London we stayed at Premier Inn County Hall which was £200 for 2 nights. The room was the same size and although slightly more central, we still had to buy a day pass for the tube at £5.20 so we would highly recommend the Southwark for fantastic value. If we had booked even earlier we could have got the room for as little as £9!! Unbelievable. We used the money we saved on acommodation to see a couple of musicals.	
Feb 9 2009 	Excellent Base in Central London	Myself and my husband stayed at this travelodge on Feb 4th - 6th. We booked via the website for £19 per night, and for a budget hotel this was perfect for what we needed. It was close to Southwark tube station (1 minute walk), has a convenience shop next door, and plenty of pubs around. We had the breakfast one morning, which was nice although a bit pricey at £7.50. The staff were friendly and helpful when we needed them, and they did let us check in slightly early as we arrived before 3pm.Basically you get what you pay for - a no frills hotel, clean, comfortable and as cheap as you will find in central london. I plan to return to this hotel again on my next visit to London.	
Feb 9 2009 	No Frills!	I stayed here with 3 friends for a girls weekend. We got a deal of £50 per room and paid an extra £10 for early check in (midday). For what we paid the room was a cheap overnight stop in London. We had 2 rooms on on 7th floor and one on the 4th floor. One room was much bigger than the other (7th being the largest room).The bathrooms were new and clean, the beds were only double, although we did have a single sofa bed in the room. But as mentioned the bed was not made up just sheets etc left in a bag.Surprisingly there was tea and coffee in the room although no hairdryer. There was plenty of towels.The beds were OK, although have stayed in a Premier Inn and they were better there.The location initially looks a bit grim, grotty pub opposite, but you are very near Southwark tube station and the London Eye and plenty of buses round the corner.Check in was a bit slow when we arrived (midday) but not too bad.If I wanted a cheap no nonsense hotel in London I would stay here again but may look around for other budget hotels to compare quality etcThere is a shop next door selling drinks, sandwiches snacks etc which was handy and seemed to be open fairly late.We did discover a tapas restaurant down the road opposite Southwark Street tube station, which would have come in handy if we had realised it was there the night before!	
Feb 8 2009 	It was okay	Southwark, London Travelodge was would have been okay to find if here weren't so many different lanes and cars on the road in London, other than that we clearly spotted it. It's close to some newsagents and a local park, opposite the Travelodge. The staff are okay when they're not outside smoking. Inside the hotel is a cafe, yo can get a lift upstairs for those who are disabled. Or there is the option of taking the stairs. There is a car park next to Travelodge which is handy. The rooms are nice, there is a sofa which underneath a bed is there and there is double bed for a family of three. Only at night gangsters and teenagers shout and smoke and are very noisy at night. The views are pretty nice when you're not looking at the common flats because there is the River Thames in sight. Locally is a Metro bus stop and a tram station to travel around London. The location couldn't be better and nearby is a pool and a leisure centre, different museums and other things.	
Feb 2 2009 	Had a great stay at this hotel	I have just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel, myself and 11 year old daughter. I found it to be in a great, safe location. Our room was on the 2nd floor and was very spacious, beds comfty, etc, yes the tv is small and there are no curtains or tolitries but if you want 5 star you would pay for 5 star these things dont really matter when your on a city break. The staff were all very friendly and helped us with any queries we had, we enjoyed breakfast every morning and found it very reasonable £7.50 for me and the child eats free, it filled us up for a day of sightseeing. The location is great and we found it very quiet and safe to return to the hotel in the dark evenings as the tube is only a minute down the road. We popped into the Lord Nelson bar across the road were the staff were really welcoming and gave us board games and sweets for the kids, a great night was had in there, worth a visit for a nice drink. I will definately return to this hotel.	
Feb 1 2009 	New building; but little else.	We have been staying here for the last few days after spending 4 weeks in the USA; mainly at Best Western properties. Out of all the staff here that we have talked to, only two were remotely helpful. The property is new, and so the funky little rooms keep promising me a good stay; but at every turn I was disappointed. It seems like no one was trying. No room clean one day, only one towel left in a twp person room every day, bad cleaning, had to ask at reception for soap and toilet paper because it wasn't replaced, smelly rooms, loud doors, UHT milk in the rooms out of date, un- adjustable air con, lift dirty and common areas not cleaned..it just seemed to go on and on..Seems like the whole point is penny pinching, not being part of the hospitality industry.I keep trying to like it, but every time I say &quot;it must just be me&quot; something else happens to drag me down again. I don't mind being next to the train line, thats sort of fun, but insolent staff who treat me like I am interrupting their REAL work make me angry.Never Again!!	
Jan 29 2009 	Find Another hotel	Even for the price this hotel is not good, it´s too basic, they didn´t even put the sheets on the sofa bed, they just put it in a plastic bag in the front door, so you can arrange it, incredible???The rooms were smelly, like humidity, and if it turns out that your window is beside the rails of the train........well imagine it....Hear a good advice don´t go to this hotel, if you want at least minimal accomodation and peace of mind	
Jan 26 2009 	Cant fault the location	Everyone knows that a Travelodge is a no-frills experience, but this one I have used 4 times now and have no problem with it. Bed are comfy, bath just adequate for a well built male, and OK for what I need. Close to the Tate Modern, Southbank, Imperial War Museum, and mid-way between Waterloo and London Bridge stations, plus 2 mins from Southwark Tube, it is ideally placed. Contrary to suggestions the area is rough, it's anything but, with regeneration taking place in the form of new offices on Southwark Street. There are restaurants and cafe's in The Cut opposite, and also some restaurants and wine bars near the Blue Fin Building (IPC Media HQ) on Southwark Street. If you want a good breakfast, or lunch, try first of all Frank's Cafe on Southawark st (must be good as local tradesmen and cabbies eat there) or there is another cafe on Great Suffolk Street - left out of hotel, under railway arch, left at lights an it's 300 yards on left.	
Jan 25 2009 	Surprisingly Good	I was surprised by this Travelodge branch in London Southwark.The hotel is a stones throw from the Southwark Underground station and 5 minutes from the Tate Modern Gallery. It is in a nice area which good choices of pubs and sights in the local vicinity.When we entered the hotel we were welcomed by the staff who were all friendly and helpful, the check in process was quick. We were in room 402 at the hotel, which was clean with some nice touches. The only disadvantage was the view from the room, which looked over the rail-track.I would recommend not to go for the breakfast option if you are staying over the weekend. There are cheaper places in the Southwark area. Go somewhere like the Blackfriars Cafe on 169 Blackfriars Road for a good fried breakfast or the Young's pub near the Tate Modern.All in all, if I visited London again I would stay here.Positive Points 1. Clean and good functional rooms.2. Good security. There was a electronic lock on the front door and an electronic on the floor door. 3. Friendly staff.4. Very good location Negative Points 1. The air-conditioning unit was complicated and I couldn't get it work properly 2. The room door used to shake when someone else on the same floor closed theirs. 3. Limited choice on the television channel. I couldn't get BBC3,BBC4 or any other digital channels.	
Jan 20 2009 	Brand New Bargain	I don't book old roadside Travelodges, or Travelodges created from creaky old hotels which have seen better days. But brand new Travelodges are a bargain, and £19 for Central London is pretty unbeatable. This Travelodge is very close to Southwark tube and some decent restaurants in The Cut and Bankside. There is a Simply Food M&amp;S just around the corner, and the rooms are very good. They're barely equipped, but the modern design doesn't make you feel cheated. It feels 'minimal' in a designed, rather than a penny-pinching style. The plasma screen TV works, the blinds do the job, the carpet is in good condition, and the bathrooms are new. Yes, you have to bring or buy your own toiletries, and the towels are no frills. Yes, wi-fi is extra, tea and coffee is limited, clothes hang on an open rail rather than in a wardrobe, and there isn't a phone in the room. But mobile signal strength is good, and the beds are comfortable. I thought it was excellent, certainly for the price.Two cautionary notes: the cafe restaurant looks expensive for a rather underwhelming range of food, and I didn't have breakfast. And access from ground level can take you straight from street to bedrooms, and I'm not sure how safe single travellers, women travellers or those unfamiliar with London might feel about that. Your swipe card is required to access the bedroom floors after leaving the lift, but it still felt a little isolated. But overall, really good for the money.	
Jan 11 2009 	Basic but OK	Basic rooms, take your own toiletries though! Comfy beds and very clean. Good location.Naff cooked brekkie, OK if you are into the 5000 sausages for £2, rock solid bacon and tinned tomatoes type of food and at over £7, a bit cheeky!!Very friendly and helpful staff are a great plus for this budget hotel.	
Jan 8 2009 	great VFM	Ideal location about 2 mins walk from tube and 10 mins walk from Waterloo. Room very clean. Needs a small wardrobe or drawers though as we were using the sofa bed for my daughter and the 3 hangers were directly above the bed so we lived out of our cases for the 3 days but not a problem. Ate in the Bar which was ok felt sorry for the 1 member of staff who had to serve at the bar and serve food she was very pleasant though despite being very busy. The food was clearly frozen/chilled and pre prepared then cooked (microwaved I think to order) but was nice for the price and would eat there again. Breakfast was served in the bar and was very busy as the bar is small for the no of rooms in the hotel but there was a good selection on offer and constantly being refilled. Only complaint is that the breakfast staff were very slow at clearing tables causing a queue for the tables. would definately stay there again though.	
Jan 8 2009 	Great Location Modern Travelodge	A well located Travelodge which is modern (rooms have airconditioning!) and well located close to Southwark tube, Waterloo station and all the attractions of the South Bank ie London Eye, Aquarium, Tate Modern, Imax etc are within walking distance. We booked one of Travelodge's very cheap deals and had a family room for 2 nights over the weekend. The room was spacious (not much in the way of clothes storage) and clean, bed OK but soft, the window does not open. As the hotel only opened last year it is still in good condition, and was fine for a Travelodge - you know what to expect and it does it fine. There is a bar/cafe which we didn't use, we had to pay £10 for an early check-in and there are no facilities for leaving luggage which is annoying (use the left luggage facility at Waterloo station at £6.50 per item). Our room was directly overlooking the train track and this could be noisy - we were lucky with no train noise till Monday morning, and it was not as bad as I expected. I have stayed in many Travelodges, this is one of the better ones and I would happily stay there again so long as the price is right.	
Jan 6 2009 	Great Value Again	Our 2nd stay at the Hotel in the last 3 months. Managed to get it for £19 a room this time (unbelievable value, especially for London).We had a family room this time round, which was as lovely as last time, and the big sofa bed was more than adequate for my little boy. Again the Hotel was really clean, there was enough towels, bedding and tea, etc.We walked from Embankment this time (as the Southwark tube was closed).. and was surprise that it was only a straight-forward 20 minute walk!It was a little noisier this time round, but I guess it just depends on who is staying at the Hotel at the time.My mum had a room also, and was unfortunate to have one at the back where the train track ran - which she said was very noisy and kept her awake most the night.Would recommend this Hotel again, and book early for exceptional value.NB: We didn't check in till 9pm and was worried about this, but check-in was straight-forward and no problem.	
Jan 4 2009 	Great Location	The hotel had recently opened when we stayed but other than the reception being a bit messy it was great. The room was comfy with air conditioning and a view of St Pauls (over the train lines). It was about 10 minutes walk to the Tate Modern and 2 mins walk to the tube.I would certainly recommend stoppping there to people and would think about using it again if I go to London. The price and location was great.	
Dec 29 2008 	Perfect location - great value	This is a great location and great value! I booked 3 nights in mid-December for £19/night during their sale on the Travelodge website. My sister from the USA was visiting my husband and me so a family room suited us perfectly. Colleagues had warned me that Southwark was a rough place but we had no problems at all -- just need to use common sense, as you would anywhere. The room was ideal and had everything we needed -- a clean bed and towels. Had a nice cuppa as well! I didn't buy the breakfast so I cannot comment on that. It seemed expensive for what it was. Instead, I brought bowls, spoons, cereal, and few boxes of long-life milk. It did the trick and costs hardly anything. The money saved over the three days paid for a lovely dinner one night out in London :)	
Dec 28 2008	Agree that possibly best Travelodge in the UK	This hotel gets a 5 star rating not becuase it is a 5 star hotel, but for sheer value for money off this recent stay I could not fault this at all. Along with the other posters comments this is probably the best Travelodge in the UK.Hotel is situated on Union Street about 1 min walk from Southwark Tube Station (although Waterloo is less than 5 mins away along The Cut) Buses 45, 63 and 100 and Night bus N63 pass by the hotel. Blackfriars is 10 min walk across the bridge so the location is great.Yes the hotel is situated by the Waterloo East/Blackfriars trainlines where they both meet, and rooms at the back overlook the train line, but tip is to ask for a high floor, as the noise is not bothersome at all if you are high up.Full marks go to the check in staff who let me check in early at 2.30 instead of 3pm without a charge. Travelodge are notorious now for enforcing the 3pm check in rule, so its nice to see some customer service here! The hotel is a new build opened in May 2008, rooms are of the updated Travelodge variety i.e. they all have white duvets.The beds are a little on the soft side, although the pillows are adequate. The room has a 15&quot; LCD TV on the wall, quite nice mood lighting for a change and also in a departure from other Travelodge rooms there is actually wall art on one of the wall instead of 4 white washed walls!! So not quite totally basic.Bathroom is clean and tidy, The Double I was given only had a shower and no bath, but the shower is a powerful one anyway. As Travelodge by law have to provide a bar of soap to be classified as a hotel, this is all you get in the way of toiletries so bring your own.Tea and coffee making facilities and the biggest plus in this travelodge which left me gob smacked. Air conditioning!!! and it works a treat, Cold and hot!!Rooms at the back as mentioned overlook the railway lines, although you get a stunning view of London from the upper floors and of St Pauls Cathedral. Some hotels would have charged a premium for this type of view of the Cathedral!!The hotel is also one of the quietest Travelodge's I have stayed in although I may have just been lucky as this was over the Christmas period . The chain is notorious for having doors that slam too easily and attracting large groups with no respect for other guests and feel the need to shout down corridors first thing in the morning.Superb value considering I only paid the £9.00 winter sale promotional rate and most definately would stay here again!!	
Dec 21 2008 	Rare value for money in London	OK this is a Travelodge and, as such, you get what you pay for. In this case, I would summarise this as VFM!My room was clean and very modern looking: flat screen TV on the wall over the bed, LED bedside lights. Decor was ultra modern rather than plush.I booked early but only paid £60 for the last Friday night before Christmas- probably the busiest night of the year in town for office parties.The hotel is a 5 min walk from Southwark tube and then only 15 mins from the West End or City. You'll probably have to change lines at least once to get onto the Jubilee line, but its close enough to make the price of the room well worth it.I was on the 1st floor, on the other side of the hotel from the train line, so the only noise was from the street below. When I crawled into bed at 2am there were still partygoers heading home outside and the noise was evident rather than intrusive. If you want an early night's sleep or have kids, you may want to request a room a little higher up.As with all Travelodges- you don't get shower gel or shampoo supplied so make sure you take your own.	
Dec 16 2008 	great experience !!	Had a great stay in this hotel.we booked on the travel lodge web site and got a family room for only £32 !! Great value for money very very clean and very convenient.I had my reservations about staying just outside the city as i have always stayed in the centre but it prooved to be in a great location.It took 10 mins on the tube to reach oxford street .The southwark tube station is a 2 minute walk from the hotel and is very bright and modern.the room itself it what it is,no frills etc but there was tea/coffee soap,the bedding was really fresh too.It was great to see a tv that had a perfect picture and had english channels.You could purchase breakfast to eat in the hotel,we decided not to go for this option and had a great breakfast in a local cafe just past the tube station it was delicious and was only £2 each for a huge sausage sandwich and a delicious coffee.there were a few downsides though the 3pm check in was a nightmare had to wait in line for about 30 mins,i would pay £10 extra next time and have an early check in.Also there was nowhere to store any luggage we were told the best option was to leave it at left luggage at a convenient train station.We only had an overnight bag so we carried it around with all all day but could be a problem if you had lots of luggage.We also had to contact reception as there was no bedding for my son,but this was instanly rectified.There is a local costcutter down the road if you wanted any extra sullpies and was reasonably pricedOur room did not have a great view (of a trainline) there were trains that went passed but was not a huge disstraction or really that noisy.I would recommend highly !!	
Dec 15 2008 	Basic but functional and convenient	Although this hotel was basic, it was in a very good location with only a 2 minute walk to the nearest tube. It was very clean and I don’t even think it’s been build long. The area was quiet and I felt safe being a female on my own. My room was just a few meters from a main train line but I only noticed a train when the curtains were open, no noise at all! The only problem I encountered was the queue to check in. Check in is at 3pm daily and there was about 6 people in front of me meaning that it took me 25 minutes to get checked in there where many more behind me so the moral of this is to check in a bit later.	
Dec 14 2008 	Very nice would reccomend to everyone.	We stayed here this weekend (13/14 december) and was very happy with our stay.DOWNSIDES:  - the family rooms only allow 4 peeps so either 2 adults 2 kids or 1 adult 3 kids as we are 2 adults 3 kids we had to pay for 2 rooms but the one room went unused as the rooms are so big and our children are young ( youngest 4) there was plenty of room for us all in the one room and we prefered to sleep all together. If this had of been allowed in the first place we could of saved £70. - if ur at the back of the hotel you are VERY close to the train tracks i have heard people complain this is very noisy but to be really honest we never heard a thing from any trains and slept through til 8am, maybe it was quiet as it was a sunday morning. - dispite the hotel being on 7 floors so huge amount of customers the cafe area which serves breakfast is quite small so its recommended that you get to breakfast quite early or leave it latish to let them get done the buffet is regulary refiled so you shouldent miss out.UPSIDES: the security is fantastic you have to use your roomcards to get from the public areas to the corridoors with the rooms . - the rooms have air conditioning,plasma screen, kettle with tea coffee milk and sugar. clean towles and sheets. the bed was made up but i did have to make the kids bed up but i dident mind. - the rooms were spotlessly clean, and the bathroom was spotless too. - the staff were all extremly friendly and even helped me with all my tourist questions lol - there is a great bar/cafe not huge but light, nicely decorated with plasma screen and frienldly staff but reccomend if u want food dont leave it too late we went at 9.45 and told they had stopped serving even though menu says til 10.  - breakfast was well stocked with a choice of toast,tea coffee, complete english breakfast buffet, cereals,coissants,muffins, fruit salad, yogurts, juice its 7.50 each adult and kids eat free with each paying adult and you can go up and refill as may times as you want and believe me my kids took this as a challenge.  - the hotel was quiet dispite there being a good amount of customers we did not hear people in the halls ect. - 2 minute walk from the southwark underground, quite a few pubs that did food and we found a costcutter just up from the underground so the kids could stock up on munchies.i would recomend the hotel to anyone that needs somewhere to stay in the area and even those not in the area as its so close to the tube.	
Dec 12 2008 	AWESOME - LOVED IT!	My partner and I stayed here for 4 nights and it was awesome! Newly refurbished and has airconditioning, plasma TV, and really comfortable beds! Its a 2 min walk from the Southwark tube station (when you get out turn left down the main road). Its near 3 pubs and lots of great restuarants and a laundry. The staff were ok, but the manager, Tanner, was oustanding - will help you with anything you need. Breakfast costs 7.50(pounds) but you can pre-pay for 6.95(pounds) when you book over the internet. They also serve lunch and dinner and have internet in the reception. There are 2 security doors between you and the outside so its really safe. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!	
Dec 11 2008 	Excellent value for money	The Travelodge Southwark is a new hotel which from the outside still looks like it is work in progress but on the inside it is very modern and clean. We booked a family room online for 3 adults which was at a discounted price, we got 3 nights for around £170 which is excellent for a London hotel. Our checking in was quick and efficient, the hotel desk is situated on the 2nd floor which i found a bit unusual. Our room was at the rear of the hotel and it was very spacious and curvy! There was a flat screen TV on the wall but changing the channels was a bit dodgy. The only downside was the view from the window which was basically a brick wall with a train track on the top! The noise of the trains wasnt too bad at night ( we live on a main road so are used to traffic noise) The bathroom was clean with a bath and power shower and the room had air conditioning.The room was cleaned and tidied every day with clean towels and coffee/tea etc topped up. All staff i dealt with were polite and helpful.They do provide breakfast but i thought it was a bit steep at about £7 each so we found a greasy spoon around the corner run by a lovely lady :) The breakfast room was always full though.There are several pubs in walking distance (one is right over the road from the hotel) and the tube station is approx a 2 minute walk from the hotel.Overall if you want a cheap, clean, basic hotel then this is the one for you	
Nov 29 2008 	Fantastic for location and value	This is a new hotel, 5 mins walk to the tube and within walking distance of attractions as westminster abbey, london eye.We had breakfast there and then off for the day. Excellent value especially if you pick mid week specials we( as in 2 adults,2 kids) stayed for 3 nights for around 160 pound.	
Nov 17 2008 	what more could you ask for?!	On arrival, we waited only a few minutes whilst the friendly receptionist found us our room..the room itself was spacious and very clean, as was the bathroom, the only downside was the view from the window...directly infront of us was a huge disused metal box! (there was a small private car parking space below) it literally blocked out any natural light and was abit eerie, on the plus side, it was very quiet as it was a dead end road, so no car traffic or rowdy antics! However, as we were not in London to look outside the window for four days, it wasnt a big deal!!The maid cleaned our room daily and always when we were out, she always left us some more tea and coffee, new towels and fresh bed linen.Everything is so close by in this central spot, the south bank is a short walk away, its magical at night time, all the lights and hustle and bustle, we went to a few fantastic restaurants along here.There is a costcutter store down the round if you want to get a few nibbles, biccies, crisps etc.Southwark tube station is generally quiet and about two minutes walk away from the travelodge, which is a bonus.The only negative thing I can say about this place is that a few times we were woken up by drunk people stomping along the hallway talking to each other really loudly at unholy hours of the morning, but the pros of staying here out way the bad points by a long shot..we will definitely stay here again, next march infact! Great value for money, clean and basic, a great base to explore the city.	
Nov 15 2008 	Good place to stay	As we are living in Paris for this year we decided to jump to the neighboring London. We wanted to stay cheap in a central location to be able to visit all interesting places, that's how we found Travelodge London Southwark! I checked tripadvisor to be sure and most of the reviews were OK, so we have chosen this hotel.We were in London finally 7-9 November (not the best time for sightseeing with a 2-year old girl...).But anyway, the hotel itself was super, quite new, clean, personnel kind and helpful. This was the first time I have stayed in a travelodge, but I'll surely stay for next time based on this experience.In our room (2nd floor) we were not hearing at all the noise some review is referring to...The location of the hotel is also very good, few km walking in all direction to see tower, westminster or st paul. Metro station (southwark - jubilee line) is only few meters away as well as several bus lines.Dinner is not a big deal... but in the next street some cheap restaurants can be found, have not tried the breakfast.	
Nov 13 2008 	Beware of the trains...	I stayed in this hotel for two nights earlier this week with colleagues. Check in was quick and easy and as this is a relatively new Travelodge, the bedrooms, café bar, reception etc are all smartly furnished.I had a bath after checking in but the plug was not attached to the chain, and I could not pull it out to let the water out for love nor money, so had to advise reception. When I returned from dinner, they had taken the plug out but it was not reattached to the chain, so the next guest will have the same problem.When I checked in it was dark and I couldn't see much out of the window. However at 5.45 in the morning I was rudely awoken by the first of many loud trains to roar past, about 30 feet from my bed (please see the photos to see just how close the tracks are - and I was on the 4th floor!). The noise was unbelieveable - I would urge anyone planning on staying here to ensure you get a room on the opposite side of the hotel if you plan on getting a decent night's sleep....I went to have a shower when I got up only to find that it didn't work - the water came out in a tiny drizzle. Not best pleased, I had to have a bath and try to put the plug in at a slight angle so that I could get it out. What with that and the trains, it wasn't the most relaxing start to my day..! Despite reporting to reception that the shower was not working and being assured that the problem had been logged, it was still not working the following morning (when yet again I was awoken by the trains), which is quite unacceptable. I paid £89 per night for this hotel (exc breakfast) and I won't be staying here again. I've stayed in a few Travelodges and am usually very happy with them, but not this time. Perhaps I was unlucky with the bathroom (and resulting lack of service) but I value my sleep and could not cope with the trains again!	
Nov 10 2008 	Basic and not very clean	I spent one night here on business.The first problem I experienced was that I was given a door security card for my room, but it turned out to be someone else's room! I walked right in - luckily, they were out at the time, but there were obvious security issues. I am prepared to write this off as mistakes can be made, and the man on reception was very polite and apologetic about it (though no money off was offered).However, the level of cleanliness in my room was not acceptable. It looked like the room is given a very quick clean and that parts of it are therefore never cleaned. The toilet bowl itself was clean, but the pedestal was streaked with brown and yellow stains. The edges around the room were lined with the assorted crumbs and hairy detritus which suggests it is never properly vacuumed. The spongey sofabed (it was a family room) was also very stained, with glaringly obvious crusty white marks. It looked like someone had wiped their hands on it after making a cake, though the reality was probably more revolting.The air-conditioning/heating was complicated with no instructions. There was no phone in the room so I had to go down 6 floors to reception to find out how to use it.On the plus side, it was fairly quiet for London, and close to an underground station.	
Nov 9 2008 	very impressed	Travelodge are pretty basic, but standards are high. I think this must be a new building? Everything looking modern &amp; new...Very impressed &amp; would definately stay here again for ANY future london visits.Good security &amp; helpful staff.We stayed for one night. Excellent value for money - staying central london, very clean comfortable room for £49, although i think the rates vary with deals etc..Didn't need to check out until midday.Paid extra £6 each for a wonderful 'eat all u like' buffet style breakfast..cooked, cereals, fruit, toast....absolutely recommended!Nice area. Lots of taxi's about.Tourist sites within walking distance.2 mins walk to tube station. less than 10mins walk to the thames, 20mins to westminster....	
Nov 4 2008 	Best Travelodge in the UK?	Possibly the best Travelodge in the UK. We (a family of 3) stayed for 2 nights over October half-term. I have stayed in Travelodges before (some good, some bad) but this one was excellent. The location is absolutely superb - 2 minutes safe walk from Southwark Tube station, 5 minutes walk to Southwark Bridge (and therefore only minutes walk away from the city), and only 10 minutes walk to Tate Modern. Hotel was clean, room was clean, all in all a great stay.	
Oct 21 2008 	Comfy bed to die for!!	We were really pleased with this Travelodge. I have been to one in London before and this one was by far better, but probably because it is quite a new one. It had everything we needed as we were sightseeing for most of the time. The bed was amazing soooo comfy!! Had a plasma screen tv, kettle, tea, coffee, really lovely shower and chair and desk. The storage space was on the tiny side but as we were only staying for 2 nights this was fine. Our stay in London was because we were going to the 02 to see Lee Evans, this was £25 each way in a taxi as my boyfriend doesn't like tube trains, but there were four of us so wasn't too bad. The hotel isn't too far from Waterloo (we walked the wrong way out of the hotel - we were meant to be heading left to the dungeons!!) About a fifteen - 20 minute walk. I think we paid £60 a night which was good for the location. There was a super market two minutes away if you turn out of the hotel and turn right. The only problem with the two travelodges I have visited is that they only give one set of towels, but both times we have been able to get another set from reception quite easily. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 19 2008 	perfect location	Myself and my 15 yr old daughter stayed here for 3 nights tues-fri.Location wise its about a 2 min walk from Southwark tube which is on the jubilee line.Reception is on the 1st floor there are vending machines there also selling drinks(this was broken throughout our stay) sweets toothpaste, shampoo paracetamol.Check in was quick and hassle free.we were on the 7th floor the room was a double it was spotless. there was a flatscreen tv and a kettle, coffee&amp; tea making facilities with 2 teabags and coffee sugar and milk provided.the window was floor to ceiling so if you havent a head for heights....oops!!!!bathroom spotless and towels changed daily and beds made and bins emptied.we arrived lateish the 1st night so decided to eat in the cafe/bar.. unfortunately we were told the delivery didnt arrive that day so there was a very limited choice. we chose soup (veg) and bread but i wasnt impressed as it was identical to the one thats sold in aldi for about 50cent a tin.breakfast was good, sausage rasher, mushrooms beans and delicious scrambled egg..also cereals yogurts etcthe only downside was there was no storage space, there was 5 hangers and thats it, nothing else no drawers etc so that was akward as teenagers have a LOT OF CLOTHES..i would definately stay here again its only a short walk to bankside tate modern and shakespeares globe.	
Oct 17 2008 	basic but cheap	Was pleasantly suprised at the room rate £49 for a midweek overnight stay in Central London.Room was very very basic but adequate for a one night stay, clean and the bed was comfortable. Disappointing things; Only 1 towel provided for 2 guests which I thought was a bit stingy. No hairdrier No chairs or other seating so had to sit on the bed	
Oct 7 2008 	Great place to stay with an excellent price.	I had spent ages on the computer looking for a room that would take 3 adults without adding on an extra £30 or more for a third adult sharing ie: novotel &amp; holiday inn, premmier inn only allow 2 adults per room on their web site. We have a son with autism who is 21 and we needed a room for the three of us.This is are first time in a travelodge and we were very pleased with the hotel. The room was on the 6th floor overlooking many sets of railway tracks but we were not disturbed by them at all. We had a view of the top of St Pauls, the gerkin, the tate and we could see the docklands in the distance. Our room was spotless with a comfy double bed with crisp white linen and there was also a double sofa bed. There was complementary soap in the bathroom even though they say on their web site that they do not supply toiletries. We had a flat screen tv on the wall, tea / coffee etc.The lady that checked us in and out was very pleasent and helpful.The hotel is in an excellent location with loads going on around it, such as Borough market, loads of good old London pubs and great history. Southwark tube station is along the end of the street and if you keep walking along The Cut you come to Waterloo train station. We managed to show our son the transport, war and science museums, big ben, piccadilly circus, trafalger square etc, etc, etc. We will be coming back next year to fit more of London in and we plan to stay at the travelodge again.	
Oct 1 2008 	Great value for speical price	We book the hotel at their website directly, since they get a super saver price at Sunday. We just stay at night when we arrive at London. For 29 pounds, my wife and I are fully satisfied.The hotel is nice and take 2-3 mins from Southwark tube station. The place is clean, tidy and larger than our expectation, we have checked that breakfast not included, no shampoo, no luggage store but since the place is convenient and it's okay for us to stay one night only.	
Sep 17 2008 	Excellent Stay	Having had bad experiences with Travelodges in the past i was doubtful about staying here but needed a cheap hotel for 1 night in London as we were going to a gig at the Royal Festival Hall on the South Bank.After reading the reviews on this website after making the booking i was pleased with my choice of hotel and hoped the Southwark Travelodge would like upto its reviews.The hotel was easy to find - just a short walk from Southwark Tube Station.Although there were roadworks right outside the hotel, these didnt disturb us at all.We had paid an extra £10 and so were able to check in from 12 noon. Check in was very quick and the staff were very friendly.Our room was on the 7th floor (top floor). The room was a very good size with a large double bed and sofa, which also became a bed if required. There was a plasma tv, desk, bedside lamps, tea &amp; coffee making facilities. In the bathroom was basin, wc and bath with overhead shower.The room and bathroom were both extremely clean.From our window we could see St Pauls, The Gherkin, Tower Bridge and Canary Wharf!The hotel was a 15-20 min walk from the river and the Southbank Center. But being just a couple of mins walk from Southwark Tube Station was a big advantage.The only negative was that the hotel was near a train line and the trains ran til about midnight and then started again early in the morning.i would stay in this hotel again.	
Sep 3 2008	Good location and price in London	I booked this hotel about 4 months in advance on internet, Location great as only about 2 minutes walk to Southwark tube station. Very close to Thames. I paid GBP98 for two nights. The room was very clean, bed was comfortable, LCD TV and tea/coffee facilities in room. They have a restaurant on site which serves buffet breakfast for GBP7.50. This is a new hotel. Staff were pleasant enough. The room allocated had a double bed and staff were happy to change to room with two singles with no dramas. All in all a good experience and would recommend hotel. (there even a pub directly opposite though we didn't go in it)	
Sep 3 2008 	Great comfortable based for London tourist!	We had a great experience with this Travelodge. Booking &amp; checking-in was easy! No problems what so ever. Once checked-in we were left to do our own thing, but we knew they were there if we needed anything. We went to reception twice though, only to request some more tea &amp; milk sachets. The room itself was comfortable, basic &amp; very clean. Just what we needed for our base for our London trip. We spent three nights there. Air conditioning was great, as the nights were very warm. Never heard a thing from anyone else, just the slight sound of the trains which did not wake us, even though we are light sleepers. The bed was very comfortable. The flat screen TV worked fine. Only had channels 1-5 &amp; radio stations, but we weren't there to watch TV. Everything worked as it should. The bathroom was very clean with a good shower, toilet, basin, bar of soap, plenty of towels, loo roll &amp; plastics cups. The room did not have much storage space, i.e. no drawers to keep our undies in. But this was fine, we put them on the shelf above the open wardrobe. There was a small kettle, cups &amp; spoons with sachets of milk, tea bags, coffee (decaf too) &amp; sugar (white &amp; brown). I would definately stay here again. Southwark is a great location in the centre of the south of London with the Southwalk tube being a 2 minute walk down the road &amp; Waterloo 5-10 minutes away. There are pubs &amp; restaurants nearby. Would recommend Tas, a popular Turkish restaurant. We had an outstanding meal for £38! I will be reviewing this restaurant, so look out for this!	
Aug 26 2008 	Clean and comfortable	Spotlessly clean, quiet, spacious room, with a comfortable bed and air conditioning. The bathroom was also very new and clean looking. The room was a bit dark, with a small window, and we had a gloomy view of a wall and a railway line, but otherwise I can't fault it. As others have mentioned, it's very handy for the underground, and for the Tate and other south bank sights. The four star rating takes into account the bargain price we paid for a family room that could have slept 4. Of course the place has no character - it's a Travelodge - and it could feel depressingly bland, but the £29 rooms are great value for a comfortable stay in central London.	
Aug 18 2008 	Excellant Value and Sevice	Just got back from 3 nights at this new Travelodge in Southwark. Locationt, 3 mins to tube station, close to the river..very centrally located. This is one of the new design Travelodge with modern styled rooms, flat screen tv and a first in Central London..each room has air con which works very well. Well sound proofed, my room overlooked (right next to two major rail lines) and you could barely hear anything. Very good value. I often stay in London at TLs and this is the best so far. Certainly will stay again. Excellant pubs in area for some good food and if you only want (like me) a light breakfast (pastries etc) there are several shops in the close proximity. I dont eat the breakfast at TL, it does let the good value down at £7.50 but then I dont want cooked breakfasts anyway..plenty of Tea and Coffee provided in rooms and reception always provide more on request. Staff were very good here and all spoke fluent English which is quite unusual for the TLs I have stayed in.My only criticism of this TL is that the housekeeping of public areas needs to be improved, 4 months on and its getting a bit worn..but thats only minor. I paid £29 a night booking well in advance...great value.	
Aug 18 2008 	Great location and price	You usuallyknow what to expect when booking a Travelodge so it was a nice surprise that this one was brand new. It was brighter and cleaner than others I have stayed in.We got a family room for £49 which was excellent value given the central London location. It is five minutes from Tate Modern and the Southbank attractions and next door to Southwark Tube Station.Sadly we went at the start of the week so it wasn't open but its also very handy for Borough Market when its open at the weekend.We pre booked breakfast which was £6.95 each and children ate free. There was a choice of cereals, fruit, croissants, bread and a full fry up. Not the best in the world but plenty of it and good for filling up before a day's sightseeing.The breakfast room is also used as a bar and does bar snacks but didn't try them so can't comment.Hotel room was clean with flat screen tv on the wall, tea and coffee facilities, air conditioning.The only downside was the noise from the train tracks behind the hotel.Check the early booking deals.	
Aug 6 2008 	Comfy beds great stay !	What a relief it was to be booked into a clean and comfortable hotel, greeted by friendly staff (who actually sounded like they were born within the sound of Bow Bells!) and reasonably priced.This Travelodge is pretty new and yes, its basic but has everything you need. The bed was really comfy, the air conditioning was brilliant for the hot week we were there and the room was spotlessly clean on our arrival. The corridors could have done with having a hoover put round them more often but that was just a niggle. Towels were changed and the bathroom cleaned every day.I borrowed an iron and ironing board from Reception so that was handy, and there was plenty of tea + coffee available. Travelodge don't supply the usual showergel etc but hey, I can live with that !Breakfast is a tad expensive at £7.50 a pop but there was cereal, yogurts, fruit, croissants, muffins, toast, + the usual cooked b.fast stuff with juices + hot drinks so you could easily eat enough to last you until lunch + then squirrel some stuff away for later!I should also mention that this hotel is in a quiet location and the soundproofing is really good. We were right next to two tube lines and could hardly hear it.The location is brilliant, 5 mins away from Tate Modern and the Thames riverside walks. You can easily get across the Millennium Bridge and you're over by St Pauls within minutes. Its also easy walking distance to Tower Bridge, The Tower of London, London Eye, Houses of Parliament , Imperial War Museum and not forgetting The London Dungeon !	
Aug 5 2008 	Good value	Stayed here for three nights. We were on the 7th floor which is the top floor. Room was large and clean. Bathroom exceptionally clean and functional with nice powerful shower.Did not have breakfast so cannot comment. Staff at check in were very friendly and courteous at all times. Location was great, about a 10 min walk to Waterloo and a 5 min walk to Southwark underground. Fab location for London, we went to the O2 on Saturday night and this hotel is ideal as it is only about 5 stops away on the Jubilee line. Would definately recommend this Travelodge as a good base for seeing London and would definately stay here again.	
Aug 2 2008 	Great for the value	Stayed at the Travelodge Southwark 2 days pre-cruise. Paid 49 GBP per night for a family room plus 10 pounds early check-in on the first day. I was surprised by how nice and clean this hotel is. We did not do breakfast so can't comment on that. Room was spacious. The only problem we had was that for both days we had to go to the desk and get an extra set of towels for my son because there were only 2 sets in the room. Also I had to put the beddings together for him in turning the couch into a bed. Our room faces the railway tracks but you really couldn't hear anything. Great location, walking distance to London Eye, South Bank, etc. and also one block from the tube station. Make sure you check out Burough Market which is also walking distance. We were happy with our stay at this quiet, clean hotel.	
Jul 23 2008 	Location Clean Really Basic! Minor Issues	My family of 4 stayed here twice in a &quot;family room&quot; (3 nights at start of vacation, 2 nights at end of vacation). Advantages:1. Price: We paid 69 pounds per night for the first stay, and 85 pounds per night for the second stay, which is inexpensive by London standards.2. Location: My family found the location convenient for sight seeing. The hotel is a block from the Southwark underground station. It is close to the Queen's Walk which is a wonderful pedestrian walkway that runs along the South Bank of the Thames from the London Eye down to Tower Bridge. It is also close to the recreated Shakespeare's Globe Theatre, Tate Modern Museum, and the Millenium Bridge. (We saw so many more interesting sites by walking that we would have missed by taking the tube everywhere.) 3. Breakfast Option: If you order breakfast online, it is 6.75 pounds per adult, and 2 children eat free with each paid adult. We took this option originally to save time, but with 2 boys it was a big money saver since eating out in London is expensive by North American standards. The onsite cafe is basically a breakfast room with a large LCD television which had on music videos, or London morning shows. Breakfast items included eggs, bacon, sausage, baked beans, toast, croissants, muffins, good variety of cold cereals, milk, juice, tea, coffee. (The breakfast room / cafe is also set-up with bar to have a drink and watch TV later in the day. There is also a menu to order other food items for lunch/dinner, but I can't speak to the quality.) Issues: On our first visit, we were on the 4th floor facing Union Street, with no issues. On our second visit, the first room we were assigned was on the 2nd level (check-in level) facing the train tracks. We asked for a different room after determining that the air conditioner didn't work. Our second room, also on the 2nd level, faced the street (better), but the toilet wouldn't stop running.Advisory::1) No phone (therefore no wake up calls!)2) No alarm clocks / clock radios (not even available to borrow from the front desk)3) The family room has a &quot;sofa bed&quot; for the children. This actually consists of a couch which has a long single back cushion which is easily lifted off to be made up as a bed which will sleep one person. Under the couch, a trundle on wheels pulls out and requires a second set of bed linens to use as a bed. I would stay here again, as it was clean, inexpensive and in my opinion, it was conveniently enough located.	
Jul 17 2008 	Good value for clean basic room	This newly opened hotel is having some shake-out problems. For example, the wiring was done wrong in our bathroom and there was no way to turn on the lights over the sink or to activate the ventilation. But the beds were very comfortable, and the 85 pounds per night rate for a fairly large, airconditioned, twin-bedded room with private, en suite bathroom, was good value. Hotel charges (and insists on receiving) an extra 10 pounds to get into your room before 3:00 PM. That money is much better spent waiting until 3 at the Lord Nelson pub across the street, which serves outstanding sandwiches. The EconlLodge's all you can eat buffet breakfast (7.5 pounds extra; 10% discount if booked on line) was NOT worth the price to us. Only instant coffee (no fresh-brewed). The tomatoes, mushrooms and baked beans were served straight from their cans with no amendments. Juice apparently prepared from dry concentrates, and not always well mixed. Eggs OK if you like them scrambled; nothing else available. Greasy sausage, but the bacon was OK. Fair selection of packaged cereals. The hotel's breakfast room doubles as its bar in the evening. Dinner is served there, but we didn't try it because we presumed it would be as mediocre as the breakfast. Excellent location south of the Thames and one block from the Southwark tube station.	
Jul 16 2008 	Basic and Clean	The hotel was very basic but it was clean, new and had a reasonable amount of room. There was no hairdryer in the room but reception would provide one. The one thing I did think was odd was there was no telephone in the room, not even to call reception. There were train tracks just outside our window but if I hadn’t looked down to see them I doubt I would have known they were there as they were so very quiet. The window did not open at all which means it was a bit stuffy when we got in but the AC worked reasonably well and it was not a problem overall. Be sure to bring you own shampoos and other toiletries as they are not provided. Over all it was a clean hotel at a reasonable rate.The hotel was very convenient to the Southwark metro station. We walked from the hotel to the Tower of London but it was a lengthy walk. Overall the location suited us well. We are a family of three with a child &lt;1yr.	
Jul 10 2008 	Great Price 	I stayed at the Travelodge Southwark for 4 nights (6/1/08-6/5/08). The hotel had only opened a few weeks earlier, so everything was very new and clean.The hotel is only a 1-2 minute walk from the Southwark tube station, so the location/convenience of this hotel was excellent. I also enjoy walking, and I had no trouble walking as far west as Westminster Bridge, and as far east as Tower Bridge. When you get to the hotel, you walk in the door and immediately take the elevator up to the first floor where the reception desk is located. Once you check in, you can go to the upper floors to your room. You'll need your room key to gain access to these floors.The first floor also has a bar/lounge area. Breakfast was served every morning, but the cost was not included in the price of your room. In my opinion the breakfast was overpriced and not very good, so I would definitely advise against purchasing it. I found a nearby store and purchased some fruit &amp; bread to eat for breakfast every morning and saved a bunch of money. The bar also serves dinner and drinks in the evening. Food was ok..not great, but not bad.The rooms were very basic, but very clean. There was a large desk area, which was convenient. There is wireless internet, but it is quite expensive. There was a nice tv, but very few channels. There was an electric kettle and tea/coffee in the room. A/C worked well. The bathroom was small, but not tiny. Everything worked well, although a bit more water pressure in the shower would have been appreciated. There was a US-style plug next to the sink for my electric razor, which was convenient and didn't use up one of my adapters. My room faced away from the street...but despite the heavy train traffic behind the building, the noise wasn't bad and I had no trouble sleeping.Housekeeping came to the room every day and made the bed and brought clean towels. However, I don't think she swept the floor during my stay.One problem I did encounter with this hotel: there was no exhaust fan in the bathroom. While this wasn't a problem for me personally, as I was sleeping on my last night, the fire alarm went off around midnight because somebody else in the hotel had taken a very hot shower, and the excess steam set off the smoke detector (which is located just outside the bathroom door).all in all, this hotel was very clean, in a great location, and a great deal if you can get one of the saver rates. I would absolutely stay here again.	
Jun 18 2008 	Fab Hotel	I have just returned from a 2 night stay with my boyfriend and my parents we had 2 rooms booked via the travelodge website.Well what can I say this hotel is just perfect, we travelled for lesuire to do some sights and a theatre visit, (there is a closer hotel to theatre land but as the London Underground is easier to work out than a bus time table we found the hotel to be just as close) there is some great pubs opposit and at reasonable London prices for drinks. This hotel is just 2 min walk to London Southwark tube station, 15 mins walk to the London eye or 1 stop on the tube. 5 mins walk to the Tate Modern, and Milenium bridge, Well worth a stay the hotel is brand new and the hallway carpets still smell new I could have slept on them, the rooms are basic but the hotel is a basic hotel you have everything you need and anything else you may forget (toothbrush or hairdryer for example) they usually hire or you can buy in reception. Whilst on my stay I met a family who had got a room for £9 a night well you just can't turn that down, thats how good the hotel prices are. check website for fantasic deals.The only downside I would say is the price of breakfast it cost £7.50 per person (altough you don't have to add this on at the time of booking, you can add on arrival or in the morning if you wish) the food is buffet service altough its eat as much as you like there really is only so much food at breakfast you can eat. other than that I would stay here again, and continue to use Travelodge hotels.Just brilliant.	
Jun 12 2008 	Great base in London - does the job!	We booked this hotel through Travelodge.co.uk ... got it for 2 nights for £39! Bargain for the location.Hotel - basic, clean and new - this is a new hotel to the Travelodge chain. Rooms are new and clean, nothing fancy, does the job!Location - the tube station (southwark, also new) is only 2 minutes day. Making it an ideal base to explore London. The Tate Modern is just 7 minutes by foot, and all the Thames attractions just minutes away. The London Eye is only 10 minutes by foot.We did not have breakfast there, so we can't comment. Overall, this hotel does the job! Will definitely go back.	
Jun 10 2008 	Excellent base while in London	I was highly impressed by my 2 night stay at the Travelodge Southwark. I found this hotel via a search for cheap hotels in London. It was offering a room for a 'saver' price of £19 a night. I was highly sceptical but needed a cheap place to stay and was familiar with the area so I booked it. I paid a supplement for a full English Breakfast, for both mornings of my stay.I was held up and didn't arrive till about 1am, I phoned a head to make sure my rooms was still being held. I was offered directions (about 2 mins from the tube) and reassurance and talked through the security system. To get in to the hotel between 10pm and 6am you must either use your room card or buzz into reception, once thought the doors you really only go into the reception area, once you leave the elevator on each floor you must use your card again to reach the corridors and rooms. On arrival I noticed the walk in room rate was advertised at £108, so defiantly check out the saver rates.My room was clean and comfortable, tea and coffee making facilities where available but no toiletries except a bar of soap - but I had been warned of this at the time of booking. There are no bedside tables but two small nooks - just large enough for a travel alarm clock. The window faced into a central courtyard so while not very pretty was exceptionally quite. I slept late the next day and didn't leave my room till about 3, I returned about an hour later and my bed had been made and towels replaced. While I found the hotel incredible value for money, unless your making the most of the kids eat free options, its probably better value to breakfast elsewhere. Although breakfast is an all you can eat buffet, the range is limited and the breakfasting area always full. The other slightly irritating thing was that only one elevator worked, which meant at busy times the elevator was crowded or you had to walk up the stairs – my room was on the 7th floor so I only tried that once. I'd definitely recommend staying there if you're going to see London as its a perfect base, while not 'central' its proximity to the tube means that you get anywhere quickly and the Tate Modern and Watertaxis are almost on your doorstep.	
Jun 4 2008 	Best Travelodge I've stayed in!	I have stayed in several Travelodges and this is one of the brand new ones. It's like the others -exept that the room was not the typical orange but instead white/ blue and stylish. They had airconditioning with a remote control, nice flat screen telly and the bed was really comfortable. Our room on the 4th floor was facing the road and the train tracks but it was pretty sound proof. The service was friendly too. The street is not the most attractive but it seemed peaceful on a weekend. Southwark tube is a couple of minutes walk away and the river is about 5 min away. Southbank is very close. I was very, very impressed by this hotel in this price range and will definatley be staying again!	
Jun 4 2008 	Convenient for Tate Globe Tower Bridge	This Travellodge is brand new and very close to Southwark tube.(It was 15 pounds for a cab from Paddington) It is a clean and convenient location. It is quite industrial around it and you have to walk about 10-15 minute to Tate and Globe for sites and restaurants. Also can recommend a restaurant near The Tate called Amanos (great coconut Mohitos and Pizza) and there is also a good greek restaurant along the Bankside near the Globe. We also did the breakfast buffet in the morning (kids eat free). It was very convenient with kids with an average food spread. I would also recommend walking along the southbank to the Tower Bridge...lots of interesting things to see on the way.	
Jun 1 2008 	Convenient overnight place to stay	I stayed here for one night for an overnight business trip. It was very convenient (only about 2 mins walk from Southwark Tube station), clean and reasonably priced for central London (£85). My room was a very good size, and the bathroom was nicely done out with red tiles. Downsides 1) no bedside table 2) the room did back out onto the main road - but I put my earplugs in and didn't hear anything after that! I didn't pay extra for breakfast, but there was a quite nice-looking cafe bar where you could buy breakfast if you wanted, which I haven't seen in other Travelodges. The hotel does seem pretty security-savvy too - the reception is on the first floor and you can only get through to rooms by using your room key. All in all, a convenient place to stay on a budget.	
May 20 2008	Great Budget Hotel	We booked a family room at this hotel for £49 pounds a night and were quite anxious about what kind of room we might get. We were pleasantly surprised and it was definitely a great deal! Our room consisted of a large bed as well as a sofa bed that pulled out. Both were very comfortable. The room was of normal size (not huge, but adequate). As promised, no toiletries were provided. Housekeeping changed towels daily as long as you made it known that you wanted that done. There were tea/coffee making facilities (a plug in kettle). Hairdryers and irons had to be checked out from the reception and were able for use for one hour at a time.The hotel was only a two minute walk from the Southwark Underground Station which made it convenient for travel. The area was very safe, and restaurants and shops were nearby.Overall,we had an excellent experience. You really can't beat the price and the rooms are exactly as promised.A few downsides: Not sure if housekeeping really vaccuumed (or if they did, they didn't do a great job), one trash can is provided that is reallllly tiny, and the tub is very treacherous! It is easy to slip and fall because there is no bathrug, and the tub is somewhat elevated. Also, no exhausts or windows in the bathroom.Positives: Great price, comfortable beds, good television, fairly clean, nice staff, hairdryer/iron availability, location.	
May 18 2008 	A good clean hotel. Good location.	Stayed at this new hotel for 2 nights. It opened on 12th May 2008. The rooms are basic, as you would expect, but very clean. Again, I kind of expected this as we were the first guests to stay in the room.The shower is the only downside, it trickles water out; but does the job at the end of the day. The beds were really comfortable and the room had sufficient amenities for the basic traveller. There is no shower gel in the bathroom so remember to bring your own.Staff was pleasant and helpful. The bar area looks nice, but for some reason doesn't open until 5pm so we used the bar over the road, called The Lord Nelson- we liked it here for a few drinks before heading out at night. There are plenty other bars nearby like the Union Jack to the left of the hotel and then quite a few on ' The Cut'.We were a group of 5 so travelled in taxis most times. To Leicester Sq costs about £11. You could walk to places like London Eye quite easily as it is not far, perhaps a 20minute walk for a fast walker:)I preferred this location to the Travelodge on City Road and would stay here again in future.Also, the hotel seems very secure with card swipe entry before you can access the floors/lobby etc.We got a bargain for this at £49 a night. I've given this a rating of 3 as it is more than adequate for a traveller but doesn't have room service, toiletries etc etc.	
May 15 2008 	Just what we needed for our weekend break	When searching for accomm in London for last weekend, we found this hotel. We could book it for £49 a night which we were quite happy with for somewhere so close to the centre of London.The hotel only opened on the 9th May and we were going on the 10th. This worried us a bit but there was no reason to as it was all fine and completed when we got there. There was a slight smell of paint but the newness of the hotel was nice. Some of the doors had a tendency to stick but am sure this will be sorted when its been open a while.Our room was great. As we just wanted it as a base to stay, we weren't too bothered what it was like but it was nice. It was reasonably sized and modern. The bed was comfy and large, the tv was modern and we had adaquete wardrobe space. They don't provide hairdryers, irons etc in the room but apparently you can get these from reception if needed.The bathroom was a reasonable size, and the shower worked well.The only thing I would grumble about would be the cleanliness. The room was very clean when we arrived (suspect we may have been the first to stop in that room). However, the cleaners didn't seem to do that good a job when they'd been. The carpet didnt appear to have been hoovered, they didn't take away or clean our used teacups and they took away the dirty towels and only replaced them with 1 hand towel and one body towel. Not great when there were two of us in the room!!I would definitely return though, and highly reccomend it to anyone.	
Oct 7 2009 	Ottima posizione ottimo prezzo		
Feb 1 2009 	????????		
Jan 29 2009 	Buenísima relacion calidad-precio		
