	Fantastic Value/location	Stayed at the hotel Nov. 24 - 26 in room #8. Fantastic location for the hotel, the room was spotless and what really impressed my wife was the cleanliness of the washroom. The room was quite small by North American standards but all we did was sleep there. Special thanks to the guys at the front desk, you made our stay very enjoyable. We will be back...	
Nov 24 2009 	brilliant clean friendly family run hotel. Exceptional well worth the money	My friends and I booked the hotel, following the good reviews on trip advisor. We were very impressed overal with the hotel, First impressions were the hotel was immaculatley clean, and our room (a twin bedded room) was nice, modern, and clean, and with a re-furbished bathroom. The owners were very friendly and really made us feel welcome. This hotel is a little gem, and the owners should be so proud that they have built up such a great hotel. It really shows !! I will certainly be recommending this hotel to my friends.	
Nov 24 2009 	EXCELLENT STAFF - AVERAGE HOTEL	Yes I'm pleased that the Hotel was very close to Victoria station.Yes our room was very clean and bathroom was renovated though tinyYes I'm completely pleased that the staff was so helpful (even borowed us an umbrella!)But...there is always a but.Room was way small. We couldn't fit ourselves there.Room was in the back area, very calm, no noise but only a very small window it's not enough to feel comfortableBreakfast was average. Tiny glass of orangejuice, a slice of bacon and an egg it's not what you can say a full breakfast.I think with a small addition someone could find something better though London is always London and you don't know what you will get.I've booked because of the reviews I have read and that's probably why I had more expectations and now I'm a little bit dissapointed.Anyway I would suggest this Hotel as a budget solution, clean and friendly staff but I don't thing in anyway you can tell it a gem. Frankly	
Nov 22 2009 	The best little Hotel in Town	i chose this Hotel form recommendations off Trip advisor and I am very pleased that I did. This has to be the best little Hotel in Town .The rooms are like me, small but perfectly formed. The decoration is immaculate and the standard of cleanliness is exceptional. The service is excellent and the breakfast is just what you need to start the day. The owners, who have been in the business for forty years are exceptionally friendly and helpful and they have trained their son who is now in the business very well. They offer good advice on places to eat and the bus outside the door goes to Leicester Square in 15 mins or Pimlico tube is 5 mins walk away and Victoria is 10 mins walk. Flat screen TV in room has freeview and there is free Internet downstairs. I hate recommending this place because I am frightened that it will be full the next time I visit. It is half the price of the big hotels in the area and twice as good.	
Nov 22 2009	A London Gem	It is a great little hotel with friendly and helpful staff. They responded promptly to all my emails and we loved chatting to the owners at breakfast time. They really started our day off well with a friendly smile and good breakfast. It's not the full English Breakfast but it was definitely enough to get us going. It's very close to public transport (with a bus right outside your door that takes you to most major sights), but it was a little difficult to find, as the street changes names a few times.There is no lift which made it difficult with our luggage but I guess you only need to take it up the stairs once. And the room was very small - actually smaller than our room in Paris - but it was clean and the bathroom was modern and clean.We would highly recommend this quaint little, friendly and clean hotel.	
Nov 16 2009 	Wonderful owners homey and helpful	I stayed at the hotel this week with two 10 year old boys for a tour on London. We loved the hote, breakfast recieved rave reviews fromt eh boys, and the location of the hotel made travelling convenint. Most significantly, the owners of the hotel take a personal interest in their guests and are so helpful about directions, leaving luggage after check-out and their general warmth. We had a room with 3 twins in it on the main level decorated in lovely blues and yellows. It was quiet and secure. Free internet was helpful as well.We will definitely return to this hotel.	
Nov 14 2009 	Very good location fairly good value	Stayed here one night with my friend. The room was small but was clean and the beds were quite comfortable. The staff seem quite friendly but we didnt spend much time in the hotel as wanted to get out and do stuff and see as much of London as possible!Breakfast was served from 7 until 8.30 which means getting up early - but this wasn't a problem as we wanted to get up and head out sooner rather than later, if the breakfast had finished later this would only have made us lazy! The breakfast was fine, tasted good. you got either corn flakes or toast, 2 rashes of bacon, a fried egg and some beans. a tea or coffee and a glass of orange juice - my one criticism was the glass of orange juice was TINY!!! think they could probably be a little bit more generous there!The location is really good, the surrounding area is nice with a few pubs, and its literally a 5 minute walk from Victoria tube station.The stairs are pretty horrific but hey, at least it keeps the blood flowing!! We were in a room 3 flights up I think and after a day shopping it was a bit of a pain in the thighs. If you're unfit or struggle with stairs then I dont recommend staying here, or if you do make sure you request a ground floor room!!Oh and the tv was rediculously high up so it wasnt really watchable!I would probably stay here again as its convenient and quite good value. and the stairs will keep me fit haha	
Nov 12 2009 	friendly comfortable immaculate and inexpensive	This hotel was such a refreshing change compared to the huge tatty impersonal hotels I have stayed in previously while in London for conferences. Particular good points were the really comfy bed, the modern ensuite with very powerful hot shower and the cooked English breakfast which was waiter served. The location was quiet and I felt safe walking back to the hotel alone in the early evenings, there was a free computer with internet access for guests, and all the staff were very courteous. True, the room was not large and there was no lift, but the stairs are shallow and carpeted so that was no big deal even though I was on the top floor, and I wouldn't have wished to pay more for a larger room!	
Nov 11 2009 	GOOD SERVICE AND VALUE FOR MONEY	After leaving paris and Rome, my husband and i stayed at this hotel. As london is very expensive, we decided o stay at this Hotel. It is very good for the money. The staff are very nice and friendly and I found the rooms very clean. I would stay again when I am in London.	
Nov 8 2009 	A fantastic place to stay	Just back from a lovely trip to London staying at the Luna Simone. We booked this hotel after seeing the positive reports on trip advisor and can honestly say we are very glad we did. This hotel charges budget prices but delivers so much more. The hotel is in a perfect location which is quite and safe while being well served by transport including bus and tube. The hotel is in a very good state of repair and absolutley spotless. The room whilst small are fine and we had no problems with it. Good clean bathroom with great hot power shower. Breakfast was lovely, we had bacon, fried egg and beans with lovely fresh hot toast. Check in is normally 12pm but we arrived at 10am and was just wanting our bags to be minded until the room was ready, but they were already working at cleaning our room and had the room ready within 10 mins. The best thing about this hotel though has to be the staff. So often in London you do not receive a personal service, well not in the Luna Simone. The two owners were great, very chatty and would do anything for you. They really deserve the reputation they have got for there lovely hotel. The receptionist even helped us check in for our flights online. Will definatley be back again next time in we are in London.	
Nov 8 2009 	Don't get the raving reviews	Stayed here during a business trip as I needed easy access to Victoria station. Having booked pretty last minute over the phone, the person I spoke to (I believe it was Pete) and was told I had a room on the first floor.When I arrived I was given a dingy room with three single beds in the basement of the building with iron bars on the windows, which only helped to make me feel more uncomfortable. I complained, but was told the hotel was full.I only stayed for one night - and that was more than enough. Based on my experience, will not be staying again.	
Nov 8 2009 	Decent value good location but with drawbacks	It's between Victoria and Pimlico tube stations, easy walking distance to Tate Britain. You get a warm welcome in the smart reception however it doesn't have a lift and being on the fourth floor is not therefore a very attractive option, the stairs seem pretty heavy going when you've been sightseeing all day! The room was clean but small and the 4 foot 6 inch double bed wasn't particularly comfy, however there was a good shower. Breakfast finished at 8.30, which was a major drawback for us!	
Nov 7 2009 	Loved London loved Luna Simone	Truly a hidden gem, going back to London in June and will definately stay here again. Rooms were small but perfect.The power shower gets a super special mention. We had two rooms on the first floor with adjoining balconies overlooking the main street. The tube is a short walk away and over the road you can catch a central bus or a taxi. Wicked is just down the road! At first the breakfast menu may appear to be limited, but it's not at all. They have different cereals available, not just cornflakes, bananas, yogurt, extras of anything, just ask. Can't wait for June.	
Nov 6 2009 	Clean comfortable and well located	Clean and comfortable. Hot showers, great service and excellent location.Stayed here 2 years ago and thought the same.Double rooms are small, but not by London standards.Good hot breakfast and helpful staff.	
Nov 5 2009	Pretty good but not spectacular	I'm not sure I understand all the rave reviews. It's a nice little hotel but the rooms are absolutely minuscule and the walls are paper thin. Our next door neighbor kept yelling at us to keep it down when we were having an ordinary conversation in our room. The internet only works on the lower levels of the hotel so we had to sit in the reception area to use it.The breakfast is pretty bad in my opinion. It's a sort of traditional British breakfast of bacon, eggs, and beans with toast and either corn flakes or orange juice. I've had much better at other hotels in London.The people are very friendly and helpful and they are certainly what makes the hotel in any way special.	
Oct 28 2009 	Great Location friendly staff	Stayed here for three nights in late October. The nieghborhood is really nice and the 24 bus literally stops outside. Both Pimlico and Victoria Station are within easy walking distance. Also, if you're flying into Heathrow it is only four minutes longer to take the tube here then it is to take the express train. The express train is 16.5 pounds i believe, the tube ride is 4 pounds. There are a few good places to eat around here as well as a bunch of nice little pubs. The breakfast provided is good and the service is very friendly. The rooms are small but that is to be expected in the UK. For the price this place can't be beat. I would definately recommend it.	
Oct 28 2009 	Will stay again	Having stayed in may hotels over time, this was by far one of the best. It was clean, in very good repair with very friendly staff. There was a good breakfast provided. Would recommend this hotel to others and would certainly use the hotel again.	
Oct 26 2009 	Top Quality London Hotel at a Reasonable Price	I booked this hotel based on other reviews. I didn't want to be skeptical, but I found it hard to believe that this place could be THAT good. In two words . . . it is. We were there less than a minute and knew why people are raving about the place. The staff are incredible! Everyone! Our room was spotless and quite large for European standards. We stayed in the room for 4 that is in the basement next to the breakfast area. There was plenty of room for the two of us and our teenage boys. The hotel is a 10 minute walk from Victoria Station and bus 24 right out front takes you right to the station or to many other attractions in the area. Upon arrival at Victoria Station we took a cab to the hotel because we had not been to London before and we had luggage, but the 24 bus stops right out side the hotel, I mean on the doorstep. It was actually easier for us to take the buses everywhere rather than the tube. I was shocked how easy it was. You can still get a day pass from Victoria station and use both.The breakfast is like nothing I have had included at a hotel at this price point. It is a sit-down breakfast with a menu. The eggs are cooked to order. We couldn't believe it. It was a great start to our day.Stop your search for a great hotel at a reasonable price right now. Book it. You won't be sorry.	
Oct 22 2009 	Great London Deal with class!	Began a trip to UK at the Luna &amp; Simone. What can I say about the quality of service this small hotel offers? Begin with the location. 5 minutes walk from Victoria Station and 2 minute (or less) bus ride (#24 that will take you to many tourist must locations i.e Westminster, Trafalgar, Leicester, etc). When I arrived the young man at the desk made a ;point of learning my name and referring to me by name throughout my visit. He was very helpful with everything from tourist tips to making sure my plug converter was working properly. When he realized that my &quot;roomate&quot; was to be my 77 year old mother, he moved us down two floors to make it easier for us to access ojur room. Only down-side I can think of is small room but as one who spends a lot of time in Europe this is a given! Breakfast at this location includes the full English, soft boiled eggs (oh how we Americans miss this delicacy!) and yoghurts, a banana (if reuested) and white or brown toast. I highly recommend Luna &amp; Simone for its unquestionable cleanliness, efficent and friendly service, and location.	
Oct 22 2009 	Excellent value for the price	Rooms are on the small side but that is to be expected. Bathroom functional and very clean, great shower. Hotel very well located, 10 minute walk to Victoria Station. No elevator - I counted 69 steps to get to our room on the 3rd floor! Breakfast served between 7:00 and 8:30 AM - too early! Little room with a computer to access the Internet - very much appreciated. Friendly staff. Nice neighbourhood. All in all, an excellent value for the price.	
Oct 18 2009 	Queen of Budgets	Yes, this is a budget hotel, but it's the queen of budget hotels. As a base for exploring London it is ideal. Any reasonably mobile person can walk to most of the London tourist spots. Otherwise, the 24 bus stops outside the hotel door and goes to the heart of the West End.The rooms are small, but comfortable, well equipped and spotlessly clean. The breakfasts were of adequate size and prepared to perfection. Wear your sunglasses so as not to be blinded by the sparkling tableware. The staff are friendly and helpful. I just cannot find anything negative to write about this place. Book with absolute confidence.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great staff great location 	I stayed at the Luna &amp; Simone Hotel for 3 nights whilst on a short trip to London based on recommendations from Tripadvisor. I can confirm that this hotel is wonderful, safe and secure. Perfect location, 10 minutes walk with luggage from Victoria Station and down the road from the Victoria Bus station. My room was small, as expected but very comfortable and clean with a small bathroom that had a powerful and hot shower. The full English breakfast is a wonderful way to start the day and the hotel has a small computer room for guests to use. The best thing though were the staff, so helpful and courteous who really went out of their way to make me feel welcome - a very big thank you to Peter for carrying my suitcase to my top floor room. I would recommend this hotel highly....a hidden gem.	
Oct 14 2009 	A great little hotel in Westminster	Excellent room, great location, solid breakfast, wonderful staff!!	
Oct 13 2009 	Great Value for a Hotel in London	This was a very simple hotel located in a nice area of London -- near the Victoria Station. The hotel is decorated very simply, and overall we were happy with the service provided. One thing that I think I should mention is that there is no lift! We were put on the 5th floor (top floor) of the hotel, and had to drag suitcases all the way to the top! This was not mentioned by any reviewers (well, that I can remember), so I wanted to make sure to mention it in my review. If you are not able to carry heavy suitcases up multiple flights of stairs -- then you will want to request ahead of time a lower floor. I thought that the family running the hotel was very cordial as well.	
Oct 12 2009 	Sparking Clean	The cleanest accomodation we've ever stayed!We stayed here for 4 nights.Location: 15 mins walk from Victoria Station, a bit longer if you are dragging heavy suitcases. Saw a couple of bus stops nearby but we didn't take bus.Staff was ok, family run.Room: we got a room on the 2nd highest level (I can't remember how many floors there are) which meant lots of stairs! We are young and healthy, when we first arrived lugging heavy suitcases up the stairs almost finished us off. A lift, however small, would be very-very nice. After a full day of sightseeing and walking from Victoria Station (without suitcases), we still found the stairs a challenge. Next time we'll ask for a room one level down (rooms near the breakfast room or even on street level would be too noisy). Being so high up and the room facing inside (not street), the room was quiet. Room and bathroom was wonderfully clean, spacious, well ventilated and lit, and comfortable. Breakfast was okay. It was very early, I think it finished around 8AM? This establishment is good value, clean, comfortable and in a good location.	
Oct 12 2009 	Like Staying in Someones Guest Room	I booked this hotel on line and the morning after I booked, I got a call from the owner. I had put the wrong email and he wanted to confirm that I had a confirmation. I arrived at the hotel from Heathrow via the tube which was not complicated at all. My room was very small, but quite clean. It was warm so I did miss the a/c but the fan in the room is sufficient. My room was up 8 flights of stairs which in fairness, the owner did warm me about when I booked. I heard no street noise what so ever. There is enough variety on the breakfast menu for a few days stay but after that, it may get a bit monotonous. The Wi-Fi is inconsistent and honestly, quite madening!Upon leaving, the owners son(Mark I think) was most helpful in getting me to the right tube station.I must admit, I was a bit underwhelmed at first, but as the days went on(three night stay), I came to really like the hotel, the coziness, and the location.	
Oct 11 2009 	Friendly family hotel	Very friendly comfortable place to stay, located close to Victoria Station with Bus service Number 24 outside the hotel. Room was very clean, small with 2 single beds and not much room for anything else, but enough for a week stay in London. Great breakfast served downstairs and service was unbelievable. Highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 9 2009 	The tradition continues	I have read every tripadvisor review on this hotel prior to booking, and it lived up to expectations. Rather than to reiterate all the things that have been written, I shall just make a few observations.The twins, Peter &amp; Bernard, work breakfast and run the front desk for the mornings and part of the afternoon, then Bernard's son Mark comes in for the afternoon shift. Mark is a nice young man who has just become a father in the past year, and is proud to carry on the family business, now in its third generation. With this in mind, the hotel has been refurbished with nicer bathroom features, flat screen TV, and extra soundproofing. The refurbished rooms, in the Luna side of the hotel, has a modern look. In January 2010, the Simone side will undergo similar work, so the hotel will be even nicer.Although the rooms are small, they do have high ceilings ( and ceiling fans in the refurbished units instead of wall hung ones) which compensates for the size.There have been write ups on the occasional long wait for breakfast. This is due to the breakfast room has capacity for 40, and the hotel full occupancy is 80. If most gusts decide to get there at 8 for breakfast, naturally they cannot accomodate so many people all arriving at the same time. Service is swift, so if one can go down for breakfast before 7:45am, one can get out within 30 minutes.Luna &amp; Simone is now my favourite London hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	A great hotel at a great price	I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. It's not fancy, but it's a GREAT deal, close to a variety of attractions and a short walk to a major Tube/rail station. Breakfast (included) was very good, and all the staff was friendly and helpful. I would happily stay here again! My room was clean and well lit, and the lack of air conditioning is not a problem at all.	
Oct 1 2009 	Perfect Affordable Accommodation	I finally got around to posting my review. I loved this hotel. As a solo, female, middlaged traveler, I had asked on the forum, for suggestions for a clean budgetminded safe place to stay. I wanted something central and near the transit system. The Luna &amp; Simone was all of the above and more. I have to admit that upon my arrival, I was a bit daunted by the 8 flights of stairs to my room. ( I had been traveling 24hrs with an overnight flight, and was very tired,... also I had entirely too much luggage...lol) But the owner cheerfully took my bags up to my room for me and, by day three, I was jogging up and down the stairs no problem. My room was small, functional, and imaculate... very, very clean! I did not mind the small room. How much time do you spend in your room anyway?? (when you are exploring the city) I was only there to shower and sleep, and found it quite cozy. The shower was wonderful (Kept very clean) lots of hot water and good water pressure.There was a small television and a phone in my room along with a fan. Also Internet is available at no charge. I felt safe in this area. The bus stop was just at the front door. Victoria station just a short walk away (10 minutes). I walked to Buckingham Palace, and used the buses no problem. I saw all the sights easily from my hotel. The owners were are very friendly and helpful. They booked my excursion to Paris and arranged my taxi to the airport when I was heading home. Breakfast was included with the price of the room and when after a couple of days, I had had enough of bacon eggs and toast, they offered cereal and yogourt. The kitchen and breakfast area was spotless, The staff always cheerful.I would certainly stay again and would recommend The Luna and Simone Hotel to my friends and family, as a great alternative to the very high priced and not nearly as clean hotels in London.	
Sep 18 2009 	Excellent Staff	I traveled to London in the second week of September and stayed here at the Hotel Luna Simone. It was actually recommended to a friend of mine via the Rick Steve book on London, but I saw it was also rated highly on here. It was a lovely place the stay, and the staff bent over backwards to be of service. On two separate occasions I had to print out something and instead of going to an internet cafe, the staff invited me behind their desk to use their personal computer and printer! The breakfast is included and service was excellent, especially by one of their staffers who was rather cute. The place doesn't have an elevator, but really that's the only downside I could think of in the place. Again, the rooms aren't Holiday Inn rooms, but they were comfortable and always clean. They do give you a single computer on the bottom floor for your personal use. I'd definitely come here again! Very convenient to Victoria Station too.	
Sep 14 2009 	All Around Excellent	We just spent 8 nights at the Luna Simone. The location was perfect for us with bus service right outside the door and Victoria Station just blocks away. There are several blocks of small shops, cafes, grocery and restaurants within a few mintues walk. The brothers and one son who own the hotel were always helpful and willing to answer questions. With the included breakfast we skipped lunch everyday and saved that expense. Rooms were very clean. Ours had new carpet and new bathroom...I think all the baths had been remodeled. But keep in mind this is London and the rooms are small.	
Sep 11 2009	A great stay and great value!	My family thoroughly enjoyed our stay in this clean, family run hotel. This was my second time here and I knew from my previous stay how clean and comfortable it would be, and I was not disappointed. It is conveniently located about 10min walk to Victoria Station and about 15mins walk to Buckingham Palace and it also has a very good bus line which runs just outside the hotel’s front door. It is in a pleasant street filled with hotels. Cooked breakfast in the morning is good, however, it is run on a tight schedule, no sleeping in! One of the highlights of staying here is meeting the brothers who own and operate this hotel. They were so friendly and helpful and we enjoyed chatting to them. We would recommend staying here to everyone!	
Sep 1 2009 	Excellent Stay	The Luna and Simone was absolutely perfect for our trip to London. The location was its best quality. There is a bus that services most of the big sights that picks up and drops off right out front. Also, it is within reasonable walking distance to Victoria Station.The staff was extremely kind and helpful. Although small, the room was always clean and comfortable. If climbing stairs is a problem then make sure you get a low floor. The amount of flights sometimes became burdensome. We exhausted the breakfast choices within the first few days, but it was good and the staff was always accommodating.I would definitely recommend this hotel to someone who wants a cozy hub from which to enjoy London, but doesn’t care too much about luxury.	
Aug 23 2009 	excellent b	On holiday in London with 11 family members. Our family of 4, including 2 children (ages 4 &amp; 6) stayed in the 1st floor quad. We were allowed into our room early, as our flight arrived in the early morning. Hosts were kind and answered our questions politely. Bus strop right outside the door. Tube station about 5-10 minute walk. Great base for touring London! Nice English breakfasts daily.	
Aug 23 2009 	Real cosy place with XTRA friendly staff.	I've booked Luna for my wife &amp; me on advice from Tripadvisor. Our stay there on August 15-22, 2009 luckily proved 100% of all good reviews of the place! Situated right where it should be - Victoria Station is 10 minutes' walk - and managed by extremely lovely people (one family, I suppose). Nothing else to look for if you'd like a real cosy small hotel with the best value for money.Vitalii OsadchyiUkraine	
Aug 23 2009 	Very good bargain friendly hotel	This hotel was given very good reviews by tripadvisor so we decided to stay here for out 4 day trip to london and did not regret it. Our stay was lovely with no dramas. The staff were very nice and friendly, check in was quick, and the staff were very nice in that they ensured I recieved emails from relatives that they sent to the hotel.We booked early to get an early bird rate and only paid 100 euro a night, which was good bargain. Breakfast was very nice and service was great! The rooms were spacious and clean, although not as stylish as other hotels I've stayed in for the same price, but still good, with tv (in english yay!),The only thing is we got room 12 which was on floor 4 (from memory) and no elevator, so we had to lug up 4 flights of stairs every time, which was good exercise all the same but quite tedious!Quite out of the way from the centre of London, about a 10 min walk to Victoria station, which is great transport hub to take you anywhere in London, so we didn't mind the walk. There is a bus 24 that goes from right outside the hotel, into centre, but we didn't catch it, as we didn't have tickets to get on every day. We saw it quite often though.Free interent was a bargain as well!Overall, great hotel, clean, friendly staff, good breakfast, very homely feel to it. I would come back here again definately, great base for fantastic london trip. And cheap too!	
Aug 21 2009 	A Real Gem in London!	We stayed at the Luna and Simone Hotel in July and enjoyed our stay tremendously. The hotel is located within walking distance of Victoria Station and the bus stops are right in front of the hotel- what more do you want! The hotel is split into two sections- our friends stayed in the one section and we in the other section. The breakfast room is downstairs where a full English breakfast were served every morning.The room and en suite bathroom were clean and tidy. The size of the rooms were average but sufficient as we were sightseeing and only sleeping there! The rooms were cleaned every day with fresh towels.We did not encounter any noise problems from other guests or outside traffic.The owners were lovely with friendly bantering every morning and the staff very helpful. We can recommend this establishment wholeheartedly! There are some lovely pubs close by and a lovely Indian Restaurant near Victoria Station(on the station side of the road). You will not be disappointed!	
Aug 21 2009 	Bargain priced hotel in superbly convenient location	Spent 4 nights at the Luna Simone Hotel, on the Simone side. Room - The room was excellent sized for two people, and the shower room was modern and very clean. I was at the front of the building overlooking a busy road in a heatwave, so was in a quandry - cool and noisy with window open, quiet but hot with window closed. There was a fan in the room, however.Cleanliness: There were some scuff marks on the walls however, if I have to be picky.Service - excellent! Cooked breakfast provided by courteous, friendly staff. I'm glad the owners wore different shirts to tell them apart. Staff were also very helpful with advice on buses etc.Location: Transport links and many tourist attractions very near by.Overall a very pleasant stay and will return, I'm sure.	
Aug 16 2009 	Great Value	We stayed at Luna and Simone and found it to be a great value and good location. It is near Victoria Stn. and only 95 GBP/night. It is a family owned business and they were very helpful with assisting us with directions to tourist attractions. The hotel has free internet access off of the lobby. Good breakfast included also. Very clean.	
Aug 13 2009 	Courteous staff in a spartan hotel with a very good location	The impressions my fiance and I had about this hotel were quite mixed. On the up side, the staff was extremely courteous and helpful, the room was clean, tidy and well-equipped for the hotel's rating. However, on the down side, the rooms are definitely on the small side and the breakfast menu is a bit spartan. However, if you're planning to spend all your waking hours outside the hotel, then that should not pose a problem as it's location near the Victoria train/bus/coach/subway station makes it a good vantage point for sightseeing and travel even outside of London. Only about 15 minutes walk from the Buckingham palace and St. James's Park, and about half an hour from the Parliament, Big Ben and Westminster Abbey.	
Aug 12 2009 	Best value-for-money hotel in London	From the telephone reservation to the final checking out, we experienced only friendly, competent service. The room for three people was a good size with plenty of storage space. The bathroom was modern and very clean, as was the rest of the hotel. The breakfast was beautifully cooked and special requests were delivered without a question. The location of the hotel, near Victoria and with bus stop outside the front door was ideal and walking around the area in the evening, we felt safe. The &quot;Chimes&quot; restaurant around the corner is cosily decorated and serves delicious English food.	
Aug 6 2009 	I would definitely stay here again	I booked this place for my husband and myself as a result of TripAdvisor reviews and was not disappointed. We actually loved the location. Since we are walkers, we walked all around the area, and it has a pile of restaurants and bars that are reasonably priced and have really good food. It is also close to some pretty major hubs for transportation around London. The room is small, but then it's not an expensive place and it was quite adequate for us. We figure that if we are basically out all day, we just want a place that is clean, fairly quiet, has decent beds, friendly/helpful staff and a good breakfast to start us off with, and this place had all of that. We were most pleased with it and would stay there again.	
Aug 3 2009 	A Little Bit Special	This hotel is surrounded by what on the face of it are similar establishments but none of them can compare to Luna Simone. The difference, I think, is that this is run by people who care. My wife and I stayed for two nights in a very nice front room with a balcony and apart from the fact that it was just a touch on the snug side, if both of us were moving at the same time it was fine. The shower room was fine with new equipment and fittings. We had a flat screen TV and teamaking facilities. We weren't troubled by any noise from outside at all, although we could hear it if the window was opened. We could tell when nextdoor had their TV on but not too much. People tend to have their TVs on too loudly in hotels anyway not realising if the TV is stuck on the wall sound will travel out of the back of it. Breakfast is cooked to order and is bacon, egg (fried or scrambled) and beans or any combination of these plus orange juice, tea or coffee and toast, you could also have porridge. Simple enough and nicely cooked. The two brothers who serve it are twins so it causes a lot of double takes. There is also the wife of one of these gentlemen and a son of one on reception. So a nice family who are very helpful and obliging and this is what must be, the thing that makes the difference.The position of the hotel is convenient for so much. the No 24 bus stop is directly outside and if like me you have a senior citizen bus pass you can go anywhere for free. If you want to use the tube trains, again if you have a senior railcard you can buy a day ticket at a greatly reduced rate. Pimlico station is less crowded than Victoria so you are not likely to be rushed when you are buying your ticket.There are plenty of pubs and restaurants within easy walking distance but for my money Bumbles is probably one of the best. On Buckigham Palce Road, this is run on the very same lines as the best Michelin Starred restaurants except the menus are £10, £20 and £30. The front of house staff are not quite as polished but the chef and his team are very good indeed.We will certainly be using Luna Simone again, whenever we are in London.	
Aug 2 2009 	If willing to walk great deal for London	This is a nice little hotel a 5-to-10-minute walk from Victoria Station and a 15-minute walk to the Thames and Tate Modern. Very good deal for a very expensive city. Book early for best deals; by waiting one extra day I was unable to get a single room and had to book a double for an additional £20--but still one of the best deals I found in London. I cannot recommend any nearby restaurants--you'd be better off walking out of this touristy neighborhood or finding a grocery store. Staff was friendly and helpful. Room was decent size, not immaculate, but fine. Decent breakfast but prepare to get scolded if you sleep in!	
Jul 30 2009 	Good location	Luna Simone provided us with a clean, friendly, and quiet place to stay on a one night stopover before heading up to Scotland. It is situated about 8 blocks from Victoria Station and 3 or so blocks from Pimlico. The rooms were small, but very clean. Breakfst provided us with the hearty meal we needed before heading off to catch trains etc. There is free internet access. Additionally, we ate at the delicious &quot;Grumbles&quot; around the corner from the hotel and highly recommend a lunch or dinner there.	
Jul 26 2009 	Good value for London	We stayed one night in June and chose this hotel based on TA reviews. It is about 10-15 minutes walk from the back entrance to Victoria Station where airport train leaves from so very handy. Our front room was small but that is what we expected in London. Being a Saturday night there were revellers out on the street so perhaps a rear room would be a better choice as others have suggested. Breakfast was cooked to order and along the lines of eggs on toast. There are plenty of other hotels along this stretch of road so I'm not sure how this property stacks up when compared. At least we had no complaints about LS and that is probably a good thing from what we have heard in London!	
Jul 26 2009 	Perfect Home Base For Seeing London	The Luna &amp; Simone is a great home base for seeing London. The #24 Bus which takes you all the way to Trafalgar Sq, Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, Victoria Station, etc...is literally right out the front door. The Tube is a 7 minute walk. Plenty of restaurants, shops, and services nearby. The room we had (a triple) was roomy and super clean and comfy. The staff, everyone, was very very nice and helpful and always smiling. The breakfast was top notch and a relief on the pocketbook is this super expensive city. I will return to the Luna &amp; Simone Hotel.	
Jul 25 2009 	Very pleased that I chose to stay here	The hotel had created high expectations after reading the reviews posted here, but did not disappoint. The owners were friendly and helpful, cheerful and attentive to the guests. In fact, I arrived very early at 930am after a flight from Singapore and was prepared to leave my bags and explore until after lunch. However, on check-in they said I could get my room keys at 11am. The room was a single, rather tiny, but very clean and comfortable with an en-suite. All as described on their website. Even the steep stairs were not a surprise after reading the reviews here on Trip Advisor - maybe a bit inconvenient as I was on the top floor, but nothing that was too bad. The room was cleaned every day which was nice. The breakfast on offer was an excellent way to start the day, you just have to be there between 7am and 830am. The Wi-Fi was only available from the ground level or the breakfast room, not the best, but it worked ok. I found my room to be very quiet, no traffic noise at all. One of the best parts of the hotel location is that you are 10 mins walk from Victoria Station (Tube) and the trains to Gatwick, plus, the number 24 bus runs right down Belgrave Road, and stops at the front of the hotel. This is a bus route that operates 24/7, so great for getting back late after the tube stops running. Overall, good value for money, worth the 70 pounds per night.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great place wonderful staff our stay was so enjoyable !!!	We arrived at the hotel off an 18 day European Tour, tired and needing a place to call home for a week before we set off on another 20 day tour.After receiving a warm welcome on arrival, check in was a breeze, the staff very accommodating and we found our recently refurbished room (bathroom) was compact but more than adequate for 2 women travelling together.The breakfast that is served daily is beautifully cooked and presented by the friendly staff each morning. Each area was scrupulously clean. Staff responded to all requests and offered further information with our enquiries which helped to make our stay in London a very enjoyable experience. We will certainly use this venue again when returning to London; we also found the close proximity to Victoria Train Station, (5 minute walk away) and regular bus services with a bus stop at the door a great benefit.There is a wide range of shops, restaurants and services all within a short stroll from the hotel. We would not hesitate to recommend The Luna Simone Hotel to all travelers looking for value for money, comfort and hospitality.	
Jul 18 2009 	Excellent hotel in great location and moderately priced	11 of my family stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in 5 rooms and we had a fantastic stay. The hotel is very clean, rooms are small but comfy with all the facilities you need. The breakfast is freshly cooked (the toast arrives hot!) The hotel is approx 10 mins walk from Victoria station and about 5 mins from Pimlico tube station so is in a great location for getting around London. The staff all very friendly and more than willing to help.	
Jul 14 2009 	London's lovely Luna	We just returned from a very nice stay at the Luna and Simone. I've stayed at plenty of moderate (in London terms!) hotels in London over the years, and have to say, the L and S have a special touch. The Desiri brothers were wonderfully attentive, and although we were there during a very hot spell, our room, toward the back of the hotel, was cool and comfortable. The bathrooms are beautiful, particularly for a small London room, and the place is immaculate. We especially appreciated how nice the staff was to our 6-year-old daughter--asking about her breakfast choices etc.	
Jul 13 2009 	Noisy but nice	We've just returned from London after spending one night at this hotel. The hotel is all that other reviewers say it is but surely we should expect cleanliness, staff who are friendly etc and a decent breakfast in reasonable surroundings?? We, unfortunately, had a room which fronted onto the main street. The noise through the night disturbed our sleep and revellers shouting at 2am was not expected. We had the window open for fresh air as it was a muggy night: there's no air con in the bedroom just a fan. All in all, we enjoyed our stay but I would certainly advise asking for a room at the rear of the hotel.	
Jul 11 2009 	excellent value	rooms very clean, staff very friendly, breakfast very nice. not much more to say other than try it for youreself. excellent value for money.wonderful location- so close to the city centre yet a peaceful area.	
Jun 30 2009 	Good Location friendly staff inexpensive but small room.	We stayed at the Luna Simone for 2 nights. The hotel is about 8 blocks from Victoria Station and about 5 blocks from Pimlico Tube station. There are many good pubs in the area and a few OK restaurants. The city bus stops directly in front of the hotel. You can use their computer or have free Wifi in your room with your own computer. You just need a code from the desk. We had no complaints and everyone was very helpful. The breakfast had few choices but was acceptable to get you started. I would recommend this place if the price is right. There is no lift so you do need to climb stairs unless you can arrange a main floor rooms.	
Jun 30 2009 	Comfy beds friendly staff	I've stayed in a few hotels at this price - the beds are always lumpy or squeaky - But NOT the Luna &amp; Simone, Really comfy bed, really clean, A fan in the bedroom, Lovely Shower room, Helpful Staff, Airy &amp; roomy Dining room, Good Breakfast. A really pleasant Surprise &amp; handy for Victoria &amp; Pimlico.	
Jun 26 2009 	A London Gem!	Seven of us recently stayed at the Luna and Simone for 5 nights and what a great accommodation choice we made!Luna and Simone is run by a wonderful friendly family who offer excellent hospitality.The office staff were very welcoming and enormously helpful in regards to any of our queries. Location is very central to Victoria Bus station and Victoria/Pimlico Tubes. Bus stop immediately outside the premises offer an alternative means of transport although we chose to walk to most places!Rooms were adequate, very clean and comfortable.Breakfasts offered a great start to the days activities.The free internet service was fantastic!Great value particularly for the location!Thank you to the staff and we highly recommend the Luna and Simone to others who are seeking accommodation in London.	
Jun 25 2009 	This place is a winner.!!	We stayed here because of its wonderful reviews. We thought we would never find a hotel in London that wasn't rubbish. Great location within walking distance of Victoria Station and you receive clear instructions with your booking confirmation. There are also a couple of Sainsbury supermarkets close by and a bus stop for the on/off bus tours..near Victoria Station. The room is small but quite suitable for short stays. Great flat screen TV on the wall and the bathroom was very clean. I agree that the breakfast is too early. We had breakfast and then went back to bed.!! Excellent breakfast and they will substitute items if you don't want what they serve. The staff are friendly and helpful and the girls on the desk were great. Looks like you will need to book in advance as when we were there people were ringing and could not get in. The pub recommended by another traveler was excellent. I had the battered fish and chips and my husband had the corned beef. Both were excellent. The staff at the hotel will point you in the right direction. I will be spreading the word about this wonderful hotel. Thanks again guys. (And your first review from New Zealand.!!)	
Jun 23 2009 	Excellent - only place to stay	Excellent, quiet and clean - only place to stay in London. Very convenient location and room was spotless. Slept so well that I missed breakfast on all days I was there. Definitely stay here again and would recommend it to all.Only downside were early breakfast (7-8.30am) - way too early for me, and the stairs (no lift)	
Jun 18 2009 	Perfect Staff very friendly great location great price	In all of our travels over the world my wife and I consider this hotel to have the most friendly staff we have ever encountered. We would eat breakfast there everyday and they knew our preferences by the 2nd day. The hotel was very clean and in a safe area. Although there is no elevator the price and location more than make up for it. Exceeded my expectations. I would highly recommend this hotel and I just hope that giving it a great review doesnt mean it will be full the next time we go to london ;-)	
Jun 17 2009 	clean and comfortable	Stayed in this hotel for two nights, room very clean and comfortable. Very friendly and helpful staff. Nice breakfast and convenient location. Would definitely stay again.	
Jun 14 2009 	Outstanding Stay Great Value	I agree with all the other reviews. This place is great. We would not stay anywhere else in London. Location Location Location near the Victoria Station and the 24 bus stops outside the door. The property is spotless from the front door in. The hotel as recently been upgraded and everything is new and bright. The staff are extremely helpful and are very pleasant. Breakfast is more than adequate.In summary nothing negative to say about this stay, the property or the staff.	
Jun 13 2009 	Faultless!	The Luna Simone Hotel is extremely well run by very friendly, helpful staff. The room was spot on and really clean with all the facilities you need.Well done to all who work there for creating such an inviting hotel!	
Jun 13 2009 	Spotless and very friendly staff	I stayed here a couple of weeks ago and the room and bathroom were really clean which is the most important thing! Staff were extremely friendly and helpful. They only negative points were the time breakfast finishes (8.30 am but it was delicious) and the stairs! I would definitely stay here again as it seems to be dependable from other reviewers opinions too. Great Italian restaurant right beside it which makes up for the lack of a restaurant	
Jun 12 2009 	A pleasure to stay at such a wonderful little hotel	We couldn't believe our luck when we arrived at the Luna &amp; Simone Hotel for our stay in London. It would be hard to beat such a great little hotel. Expertly run by such friendly, welcoming and helpful people who need to be congratulated on such a lovely, comortable and fabulously located place to stay in London. A short walk to both Victoria and Pimlico underground stations and no more than a 20 minute walk to the Palace. We had room No.1 downstairs which was quiet, spotlessly clean and very comfy with plenty of room for the 3 of us. Breakfasts were delicious and filling and served by the two charming hosts in the great little dining room. I cant recommend Luna &amp; Simone Hotel highly enough to any prospective travellers to London who are looking for a clean, comfortable, well located and friendly place to stay. I certainly was a pleasure for us to start out holiday there and would love to return one day.	
Jun 11 2009 	Holiday bliss to start of holiday	I have stayed at the Luna Simone for years now.Cannot fault them as they are superb.They are like a second family to me in London now.The hotel is spotless,the service from the family is excellent,the room is comfortable &amp; clean &amp; tidy.I have no hesitations in recommending them to anyone as i have done in the past.Long may they continue.Yvonne Cragg	
Jun 9 2009 	great find in the middle of london	great boutique hotel - very friendly staff, walking distance to buckingham palace, westminster, etc. bus stop at door, underground 5 minute walk either Pimlico or Victoria Stn. free internet, comfortable, clean rooms, breakfast and very reasonably priced for London. would recommend	
Jun 6 2009 	Great location super friendly staff	After staying at this hotel in May and June 2007, I was extremely keen to come back! Previously I stayed in a single room, and when I arrived this time I found my old single room had been merged with the one next door into a double! This hotel is in a great location within walking distance to all the big London attractions like Westminster Abbey, Buckingham Palace and the West End for theatre. It has 2 tube stations close by (Pimlico and Victoria) for when you don't want to walk. A bus stop is out the front too, but we didn't use it. Our room was spotlessly clean, as was the ensuite. Breakfast is great, and they are fine if you want to request a change to the menu. The main reason I love this hotel is the staff. Nothing is a problem for them - they kept all our luggage for us behind their desk as we went off to get our hire car, even though we had about 8 bags! When we got the car and parked a couple of streets away, 2 staff members even helped my husband carry our bags to the car! So, in all, this is a great place to stay that's not too expensive. Anything cheaper in that area of London is bound to be dodgy (just check the reviews on this site!). I will definitely stay here again and have recommended it to my friends.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great Hotel	The reviews are spot on. This is a great hotel, in a very convenient location. The family and staff are wonderful, very welcoming and friendly. Rooms are well appointed and I personally didn't find ours too small. We had a double at the front of the building. Clean and quiet. Breakfast was a fabulous start to the day with excellent service. I can't say enough. I will definitely stay at this hotel again if I get back to London, and have no hesitation recommending Luna &amp; Simone to friends.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great Location Great Breakfast	First, I really liked their breakfast. Their hot chocolate is amazing. They serve you at your table bringing you orange juice, coffee, lots of toast, bacon and beans, eggs etc. The room was small but modern with a flat screen TV and nice bathroom (just a shower). It was clean. The location is ideal for doing London in a day. We took the tube at the end of the street everywhere. We are beginners and the London subway is the easiest way to travel. You can buy a one-day travel card for 8 pounds which allows you to take the bus and tube all day long. Entirely cheap! The hotel staff was very nice and helpful. They give you a map. Internet is free and there is a computer downstairs for public use.	
Jun 2 2009 	Very nice Hotel great staff and great value!	We found this hotel on trip advisor and all the reviews were correct. The staff were fantastic and provided you with whatever you needed they were very friendly and helpful, the best we have come across so far on our travels. One of the highlights from staying here was waking up to a freshly cooked breakfast every morning. The hotel is very clean and tidy, the room's are quite small but for the location we couldn't complain. The hotel is situated near Victoria underground, which is very convenient if you plan to take the tube and are planning to use the hop on hop off tour buses as there is a stop right next to Victoria underground. The only downfall is the steps as there is no lift, however this is soon forgotten once you realise the value for money you have got from staying at this hotel. Overall great hotel and great staff.	
Jun 1 2009 	A Gem on a Budget	This was a budget hotel run by a family and they take care of you almost as well as the Ritz. They are very accomodating, if you have a need, just ask. We had a triple room, which was a wonderful size, it was comfortable, quiet, and much more than we expected for the price.	
May 30 2009 	Great Hotel	Booked this hotel after reading TripAdvisor reviews and it was a good as expected. We booked a family room, which was in the basement next to the breakfast room. Even had patio doors leading to small courtyard! Room was a good size and everywhere was spotlessly clean. Owners and family make you feel so welcome. Great choice!	
May 29 2009 	NICE PLACE TO STAY	My Partner and I stayed at this Hotel, as part of a small tour round Europe. We found this establishment to be perfect for our needs. The rooms were comfortable and clean, and found the staff friendly and helpfull. The breakfast was very filling (egg, bacon and beans) and set us up for the day. If your looking for good value, in a great location then this is a gem.	
May 29 2009 	Excellent value 	We stayed for 4 nights on the Luna side in mid May. Our room was on the top floor; with no elevator, it was a climb after a day of sightseeing. Like most European hotels at this price range, walls are a bit thin so noise travels easily.The room was very clean and well appointed with everything budget travelers needed. Bathroom was very clean and modern. Our room was small; however, I caught glimpses of other larger rooms. Though our room faced the street, it stayed fairly quiet.Reviews of quality and abundance of breakfast are accurate. Free Wi-Fi is available, though doesn’t quite reach upper floors (I brought mine down to the lobby and caught interesting traveling tips &amp; conversations while doing facebook/emails.) A small room (more like a converted closet) with computer for internet access is also available.The hotel is located between Victoria &amp; Pimlico underground stations, bus # 24 right in front, and within walking distance to various attractions (including Wicked and Billy Elliott.) Plenty of shops, pubs, and restaurants are close by; a launderette is around the corner (drop of a small load AM and pick up PM for about 8GBP.) The owners (twins Peter &amp; Bernard and son Mark) know you by name right after check-in and are most helpful. This is quite a gem, and it just can’t be beat for the value! I will definitely stay here again next time in London.	
May 28 2009 	BEST VALUE-HANDY- over all GREAT HOTEL	If you are going to London, stop looking and get this little hotel, the Luna Simone. After reading reviews, I booked the hotel and we loved it. The rooms are clean, sparkling bathroom clean everything and a good breakfasts. The staff will help you with bus lines and the Tube, so ask. The Luna Simone is in the Victoria Area, which is a very handy and is a big Tube and bus stop. The bus stops right out the door of the hotel, #24 which will get you to just about everything. You might have to change one time, but it is not a problem. Take the Bus or the Tube to and from the airport, which is no big deal. The hotel will send you directions and at the airport and train stations people are helpful. If you are going to be in London for two days or more, buy the ticket card. Any used amounts on the card can be turned back in for refund at the airport or train station as you depart. Don't loose your card or your ticket to anything, for you will need to use it again to get out of the Tube line. Be very careful of your personal belonging and just don't take much on your trip. You won't use much and always wear your money belt and ladies, don't take your purse, you will not need it in Europe. I took what I needed in a small make up give away bag and dropped it in a cloth tote bag with my camera umbrella and water. My husband took a back pack each day and we made it fine. Remember pick pockets are all over the place, even in the crowds at Buckingham Palace. Important things, get to them early in the day, like around the time of opening, so you won't have to wait in line, for by afternoon lines get long. Take the boat to the Tower of London to see the Crown Jewels and get in one of the groups with a guide there. It is nice to hear about everything and the boat is interesting too. The spill the guide on the boat gives is the same one they all give and you will hear it again when you leave the Tower, so don't get too excited about it. Personally, I learned nothing on the boat, but the ride was wonderful. Take photos os Big Ben from the bridge at the River. Souvenirs are found at small stands at the river near Big Ben and near Picadilly Circus area. This is where you will find reason priced things to bring home. Harrods' is like a museum almost with all the many floors and the many shops inside. Get a store guide as you go in and don't worry, the two fellow at the front of the store, will tell you to take your pack off and carry it with the handle. There are two souvenir areas in Harrods, But the prices are high, but the things are very nice. You will spent time in this store just looking around and there are clean bathroom on all floors and sometimes in different places on the same floor. Just ask where they are, if you can't find them. BE SURE to ear Breakfast at the hotel each day, for it is really good and you can switch things up on the menu. The staff is wonderful and you will just love it. There are about 20 hotels all attached on both sides of the street and they all look alike on the outside. You can walk to several very good places to eat and there is a big grocery around the corner and down a bit and a smaller one just at the corner very near the hotel, like two minutes. Cokes are priced good and other things too. We took some small empty water bottles with us and filled them up each day, which was a life saver, for us. Don't miss the changing of the Guard at Buckingham palace. Remember to always keep your hand on your bags EVERYWHERE for thieves are all over the place. We didn't encounter any problems, but we tried to be careful. Money is your money belt and pass port either in the safe, money belt or around you neck under your shirt. Keep your daily money somewhere handy, enjoy this hotel, but book it early for they fill up fast. We loved the hotel and the price is great for London and the location could not be better. So, have a great stay and remember to get out early, for you are there to see things, not to lounge around. We would stay here again.	
May 28 2009 	Overpriced and uncomfortable	The Luna is overpriced and their website does not provide a true representation of the hotel. The staff is not friendly, and our room was on the top floor, which is 8 flights of stairs up, with no elevator/lift. The room was tiny, not much bigger than the bed itself, and the bed was uncomfortable. On a positive note, the hotel was clean and well-kept and well-situated for Victoria Station and nearby neighborhoods. Luna Simone really should advertise itself as a hostel, not a hotel, and price rooms accordingly. Finally, do not order a cab at the front desk; they will call a mini-cab, which is exponentially more expensive than finding your own black cab on the street.	
May 27 2009 	Superb: location value 	Location of the hotel is close to London Victoria station (underground and rail link to gatwick) which is excellent for getting around London. Plenty of nice restaurants nearby along with pubs for evening drinks and shops for groceries etc. The best location of a hotel we have stayed in.The hotel itself was extremely clean with excellent service provided by everyone we came across - the staff were more than happy to help with any queries at all. The room we had had a big double bed, a safe, large TV with freeview and a very, very clean bathroom with shower. A good hairdryer and tea and coffee making facilities were also available. We had a room facing out the back which was extremely quiet - we were even able to leave the window open at night!Breakfast included limitless tea and coffee, toast, orange juice or cornflakes followed by grilled bacon and fried egg, boiled egg or ham and tomato. Overall, the experience at the Luna Simone hotel was second to none and we would have no hesitancy whatsoever in recommending this hotel to anyone.	
May 22 2009 	Good stay good value great location.	We stayed 2 nights in the Luna portion of the hotel. The service the first day wasn't overly helpful the first day, but ive come to learn that London is just like that... Our room was clean, but tiny! My husband who is just over 6 feet tall was too long for the bed (haha!). A nice bonus (we thought) was the balcony our room had. We were enjoying the balcony until I came out of the bathroom so see a strange man standing just outside our room on the balcony. Seems they were repainting- which is fine, but a bit of notice would have been nice! The breakfast was a nice touch. Simple and hot. Note that you much check out at 10:00am. I liked this hotel, and the location is amazing, but I would prefer to stay at The Hoxton. You get a little more for your money at the Hoxton.	
May 22 2009 	Lovely Hotel with Friendly Staff	This was my third stay at this wonderful hotel and it didn't disappoint. Lovely and clean with excellent service.We were able to check in as soon as we arrived (1:00pm). We were in room 4 in the &quot;Simone&quot; side of the hotel. Previously I have stayed in room 9 on the &quot;Simone&quot; side of the hotel and room 17 on the &quot;Luna&quot; side. I found all rooms to be of consistent quality.The room had the usual facilities; a small desk &amp; chair, TV with DVD player, wardrobe with a free easy to use safe, a lovely clean bathroom with shower, toilet, handbasin and plenty of lovely HOT water!Our room was on the ground floor facing the street and although we could hear some sounds of traffic we didn't find it disturbing.We used the tube train and bus to get around. It's best to get on and off at Pimlico station since this is nearer and also smaller so doesn't have the rush and confusion of Victoria. The bus stop is right outside the hotel and buses arrive every five minutes or so.Either before or after check in the hotel reception will look after your cases while you go around London.There are lots of restaurants and pubs nearby and also a small shop just one minute away to buy newspapers, sweets and milk.All in all this is a lovely hotel in a good location.	
May 20 2009 	Excellent value - I'd stay again	The room was spotless and appeared newly renovated, the staff were great, and the breakfast offered several options. Overall it was a great experience but you should be aware it is a Victorian townhouse and therefore the stairs may not be suitable for everyone. We would recommend it without hesitation and will definitely stay here on our next trip to London.Within walking distance of the Victoria station for the Gatwick express underground	
May 16 2009 	We would recommend this hotel without hesitation	The hotel is very clean, room was excellent, and the staff are friendly and helpful. Breakfasts were also very good. Location close to Victoria Station and Underground. We will certainly use this hotel again on our annual visits to London and have recommended it to our friends.	
May 15 2009 	Friendly and clean	We moved to this hotel after a bad experience in another hotel in London.We really loved the place. It was very clean and well organized; the room was small but brand new, with a nice and clean toilet, a small safe and LCD TV with Sky channels.The location is very nice, close to both Pimlico and Victoria underground stations, a few minutes walk to Tate Gallery and the Thames. You can also easily walk to Westminster and the area is full with restaurants.Breakfast was very good, and most of all the hotel crew was very friendly and helpful. They also gifted us with an UK guide worth 14£.	
May 14 2009 	Tried to return but full it is such a gem.	Found this hotel from reviews here.Set between Pimlico tube and Victoria station tube.Owners are twins reminding me of Anthony Newly and Tommy Steele.Rooms spotless and shower powerful and tiled as if it was done yesterday with precision.Fan in room windows opened for fresh air (room 6)Such a nice change to find a hotel like this in London with reasonable prices.We paid £115 for 3 of us including breakfast.Breakfast brilliant with plenty of choice and again everywhere spotless.Most London hotels need at least one star knocking off this one needs one putting on.Tried to get in but with only two weeks notice had no chance as the word has spread through Trip Advisor and is constantly full.If we have a scorching summer (big IF) air con might be needed.Nothing bad to report.Would like pots of milk in bedroom rather than the dried packets but that's it!	
May 12 2009 	Great stay! Welcoming staff and great service!	I took my 15 year old son to London for the first time in August. We had a wonderful stay in the Luna side of this hotel. The family is phenomenol and went way above and beyond to be helpful! They were very warm and welcoming and the rooms are comfortable and immaculately clean. The rooms may seem small if you are only used to American hotel rooms but ours was pretty standard based on other European and British rooms I've had. The whole place is well-kept. I will definitely return when I take my other 4 children on their individual trips as teens, but hope I can steal away with my hubby before then!	
May 8 2009 	Still the Best!	Back yet again to the L&amp;S and, as always, a great experience. To the reviewer commenting on the size of the rooms, I've previously stayed (pre-retirement and on the company's dime) at many supposed 4/5 stars in London, paid 4 times the L&amp;S rate even 15 years ago, and had a smaller room at a few of them than I did 2 weeks ago at the L&amp;S. And I didn't get the friendly, efficient service I did at the L&amp;S either.Peter and Bernard (the twins), Mark, and the rest of the staff make you feel right at home and they cannot do enough to make your stay a pleasure. Had a room this time overlooking Belgrave Road and the temporary scaffolding; there was no problem whatsoever. No undue noise, renovation dust or problems and even in the current financial situation the boys are trying to make their great establishment even better. Athough I stayed only one night this time, made no difference whatsoever to the service and attention.Other reviewers have commented on the breakfast, transport and neighbourhood; I agree entirely with their compliments. I almost hate to say it for fear there won't be a room at the inn the next time but I can't imagine staying elsewhere when in London.	
Apr 30 2009 	great family run hotel	We just returned from a four night stay at the Luna Simone. All the reviews you read are true about this hotel. Very friendly family run hotel. While the rooms are small, they are immaculate and updated and fresh. The bathrooms were brand new and served up lots of hot water. The breakfast and breakfast room were very pleasant. Travelers were from around the globe. The Luna Simone offers the just the right scale---36 rooms approximately and the perfect location with easy access to the very useful 24 bus. (right at the door, literally!) We bought an Oyster Bus pass at Heathrow with unlimited use which was great for us to travel to all parts of the city. Also a very nice little Indian restaurant was right around the corner. An Italian restaurant steps away, pubs, take out places, groceries a few minutes walk away. Very nice neighborhood. Walking distance to the Tate. There are two theaters at Victoria Station...we booked tickets to Billy Elliot on line, tickets were waiting for us with no problem and hopped on the 24 bus each way, three stops on the bus about .6 miles if walking. If you want a doorman and a large glamorous lobby this is NOT the hotel for you. But if you like to select your own itinerary and are willing to explore some on your own this is exactly the right balance of comfort, neighborhood and convenience. We are already planning our next trip!	
Apr 28 2009 	What a little gem	Stayed at the Luna &amp; Simone for Two nights 24th to 26th April on the advice of previous Trip Advisor reviews.This B&amp;B is a little gem,ideally situated for buses and the tube, all areas of the building are spotlessly clean and a good breakfast is on offer if required, the most pleasing point to note is the attitude and friendliness of the owners and the staff, nothing is a problem and you are able to leave your luggage at reception following checkout until the time of your travel.If you are looking for B&amp;B in a good area of London then don't waste your time checking around, book the Luna &amp; Simone and you will not be disapponted.	
Apr 28 2009 	A lovely place to stay- lives up to it's reviews	We stayed in the Luna Simone for three nights. It has just been refurbished and worth every good review written about it. We intend to return to London and will definitely go back. I would recommend it for business or leisure for cleanliness/location/service and value.	
Apr 27 2009 	Lovely gem situated in the heart of Victoria/Pimlico	We stayed for 4 delightful nights in the &quot;Simone&quot; side in Room 8 from 12/4-16. We arrived early to find out our room was still being cleaned, and the fantastic staff provided us the keys and let us check our bags in the reception area. After a few morning hours of sightseeing, we arrived back at the hotel to find our bags were already brought to our comfortable, clean, and cozy room! The shower was an absolute delight, with enough hot water and water pressure to help revitalize us after a 10 hour flight from the US. The room itself really allowed for all of our accessories and bags for our 2 week European stay, and we did not feel cramped at all. We didn't experience any problem with the number of outlets available, and were able to charge our laptop, camera, and two mobile phones without much hassle. Reception also has adapters available to those from the US that have devices that do not need a voltage regulator (in the case of our iPhones/Blackberries, the power adapter can handle 220/230 V, so we only needed the US-&gt;UK plug adapter).The complimentary breakfast was delightful, and served in a very airy and bright breakfast room. The breakfast was certainly filling, and served very promptly. I'm a little picky, and there were no problems with substitutions when asked - in my case, additional bacon and no eggs. We really liked the schedule for breakfast and housekeeping, as that gave us distinct times when our room would be cleaned, and when we could enjoy breakfast. In fact, I have to really give kudos to the hotel for its clear communication to the guests, everything was quite simply communicated and there was no question or ambiguity present.We really enjoyed the location and proximity to Victoria Station as well as to the bus stops for the 24 bus line. While there were times that the bus to Victoria Station (and beyond) were a bit crowded during rush hour times, walking was quite easily done in a straight shot from Victoria without any problems whatsoever. There are restaurants nearby, as well as a pharmacy and shopettes/supermarkets. There's a post office about 2 blocks away, and a launderette around the corner. It's in a nice residential neighborhood, and we experienced no concerns for safety.The next time we're in London, we are most certain to stay here again, as it was like staying with well loved family!	
Apr 25 2009	A fine little hotel well situated	Traveling with a family member who'd been there before, stayed two nights midmonth. The L&amp;S is run by two brothers who quite obviously love their chosen trade. Everyone was very friendly, and breakfast was excellent, cooked exactly to order. Linens were clean &amp; plentiful, the staff as friendly and helpful as you could wish. The brothers are updating many of the rooms, and all fittings in ours were new. Excellent shower. If I must quibble, I wished for one more power outlet. Rates are very reasonable. Located a ten-minute stroll from Victoria Station, it was simple to get everywhere we were going. I would absolutely recommend this hotel.	
Apr 24 2009 	Always great	We stayed at the Luna and Simone Hotel in March and again in April 2009, for a total of eight days. This is the fourth time that we have stayed at this hotel and in fact planned our dates around the availability of a room. Mark was very helpful on the phone when I rang from Canada. He gave me all the dates they had vacancies and then promised not to book anything until I phoned back later that day to confirm. He was as good as his word. Part of the hotel was being renovated, the second time in six years so rooms were even harder to get at this very popular hotel.The location, close to Victoria station is really convenient especially if one has to catch the Gatwick Express and the hotel is an easy walk to many attractions including Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square, Hyde Park and the Thames. Sainsburys and Tescos are close as well as Cafe Nero, Starbucks and many restaurants featuring a variety of cuisines.The staff at the hotel are incredibly friendly, cheerful and helpful. Mark carried a very heavy suitcase up several floors despite the fact that I asked him not to. On our return he carried two suitcases up while my back was turned. The rooms are extremely clean as are the bathrooms. There is lots of hot water and the water pressure is great. The hotel also provides a kettle and tea and instant coffee in all the rooms.Breakfast is very good, eggs, bacon, toast etc. if you want a cooked breakfast. They also offer cornflakes, yogurt and a nice big pot of coffee. We were always asked if we wanted more juice etc. A complete contrast to a nearby hotel we stayed at in 2006. The hotel is very reasonable for London and I cannot say enough about friendliness and helpfulness of the proprietors and Mark. We we will stay there again on our next trip.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great and Clean	The hotel staff was so nice! We showed up with one extra person and they were very nice about it - we had to swtich rooms midway through our stay, but it was no problem. the breakfast was,well not american, but good. the rooms were EXTRA clean. It is in a great location - just a few blocks from the underground. also - a nice little convience store nearby to stock up on snacks. I can't say enough - great place. also - nice computer to use.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great location clean rooms but very small beds	Hotel Luna and Simone offers an excellent location within walking distance of Victoria station and several restaurants (try Caramel on Wilton Road for great breakfasts and lunches). The room was clean with a good shower, but unfortunately the double bed was not suited for people over six foot tall and/or with broad shoulders.	
Apr 18 2009	Luna and Simone Hotel- A Very Nice Place To Stay	My partner and I stayed at the Luna And Simone for nine nights in March 2009.The hotel is affordable, clean, the beds were good, the breakfast fine, amenities a plus, eg. free access to a computer and the internet. The location was perfect for us- close to the river and within walking distance of Victoria Station and Trafalgar Square. In addition it seemed that whatever we needed- inside information, guidebooks, luggage stowing, access to fridge- was graciously supplied. But what really made our stay special was the friendly, helpful, accomodating and really delightful members of the family and staff who run the hotel. Besides being terrific hosts in all the traditional ways, they were so warm, engaging and amusing. We really had a good experience and will definitely stay here on our next trip to London. Claudia and Tess, Oakland, CA.	
Apr 15 2009 	Customer service not what I expected	Currently, I stay in London around 2-3 nights per week and have been looking for a base close to Westminster. I emailed the Luna and Simone about 3wks prior to a stay to ask if they had availability. Two days later I received what appeared to be a auto generated holding reply stating they would be in contact shortly. And then, nothing. After 8-9 days I sent a further email and received a response after a couple of days saying they had no rooms available. Needless to say, I'd already booked elsewhere.Maybe I'd left it late to book with what is obviously a well run and sucessful small hotel but comments from the hotel (on this site) suggest the hotel values customer service highly, so I was surprised to find that they didn't feel the need to respond to potential customers. A shame.	
Apr 13 2009 	Good...but a bit noisy	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of our trip through Europe. I did lots of research before booking this hotel. I was very happy with the location. A very short walk to Victoria station which is a great central tube station and train station. The staff was very friendly and the rooms were a decent size and clean. We had a room at the front of the hotel with a small balcony which was nice since the room was a little bit stuffy. Only had two minor complaints. On our first day we were tired due to some jet lag and wanted to have a nap in the afternoon. Unfortunately there was some construction work going on above us which made it impossible to sleep...not the end of th world though. The other thing was that there is a 24 hour bus stop right across the street which on Friday and Saturday night we found very loud as partiers waited for the bus...agian not a really big deal but it may be better to try to get a room that does not face the street. Overall we were happy with what we got for the price.	
Apr 11 2009 	What a lovely charming small hotel!	We spent 8 nights at the Luna &amp; Simone, end of March, beginning of April, and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel. We had a quad room for 7 nights, then switched to a double (for my husband and myself) and a single (for our teenage son). The quad room was quite large, by European standards, with a window facing a small courtyard. The double on the 4th floor was decent size as well. Bathrooms are small, but adequate in size; and very clean. We were pleasantly surprised by the size and quality of the complimentary breakfast. The owners were out of town during the majority of our stay, but the rest of the staff (especially Mark) was very helpful with advise, excursion reservations, etc. The location can't be beat - with a bus stop across the street and the tube a short walk away.	
Apr 10 2009 	Now that Rick Steves has found it I'm worried that getting a room here will become more difficult.	I stayed at the Luna &amp; Simone Hotel for 4 nights in March 2009. This was my second stay at L &amp; S. The hotel is in the process of converting all the rooms to en suite rooms. While construction was underway in part of the hotel, I did not notice any excessive noise. The staff was friendly and helpful, as they were three years ago at the time of my first stay. My single room was small and clean. The wall-mounted TV worked fine. The shower had a glass door and was spotless. The hotel offers free internet access. My daily breakfast included eggs, bacon, and beans with tea, toast and orange juice. The breakfast rooms are bright and comfortable. While the Luna &amp; Simone Hotel was not a secret, I have mixed feelings about hearing that Rick Steves has reviewed it. I know that there are travelers who treat his recommendations as gospel; they'll be pleased with their stays here. I'm not happy to imagine that finding a room here in the future might become more difficult. The family who runs this hotel deserves the increased business that a mention in Europe Through The Back Door will surely bring. The hotel is located within an easy 10-minute walk from both Victoria Station and the Pimlico tube station. The 24 bus stops in front of the hotel and passes Victoria Station, Westminster, Whitehall, Trafalgar Square, Charing Cross Rood, and beyond. A five-minute walk around the neighborhood affords access to a Barklays Bank, a Post Office, a Sainsbury's supermarket, and numerous restaurants where one can find fish and chips, doner kebabs, pubs, even Kentucky Fried Chicken.	
Mar 30 2009	Great place great pricee	Just what we needed. Of course the room was small, but that is what you expect in a city and the twin accommodation was placed for maximum space. Everyone very friendly and helpful. Had requested a lower floor room and was given #2 with just two steps. Wifi issues, but was able to &quot;borrow&quot; from next door :) Breakfast was nice (great bacon!) #24 bus was so helpful and literally right outside the door. Would highly recommend this establishment.	
Mar 25 2009 	This is a Jewel in London's Crown of Small Hotels!	My husband and I just got back from staying in the Simone part of this hotel. The Luna is being renovated and will be available shortly. They renovate the hotel every five years! This family owned and operated hotel is a gem. The staff goes out of their way to make sure your stay is enjoyable. The breakfast is especially good and kept us going through the day. Our room was quiet and small but very clean and efficient. The bathroom was spotless. We have always loved the Pimlico/Victoria area and are thrilled to have found the Luna &amp; Simone. I would not hesitate to stay here if I were going to visit London on my own. You will not be disappointed when you stay here.	
Mar 24 2009	Perfect Place to Stay in London	The reviews here on Trip Advisor helped me select the Luna &amp; Simone Hotel plus the good review in Rick Steve's book. The reviews were right on the mark. The hotel is centrally located with nice, quiet, clean rooms and fantastic service. Every member of the staff was friendly, patient and helpful. My teenage daughter and I used the #24 bus daily - the pickup and drop off stops are right out the front door. The morning breakfast was ample and tasty with a chance to catch up with other guests. I used the available internet connection to keep in touch back home via email. The nearby pubs (Marquis of Westminster was especially good) and stores were so handy. I'll stay here next time I'm in London!	
Mar 23 2009 	Luna Simone lived up to the wonderful reviews	Luna Simone is a family run hotel in the Pimlico/Victoria section of town. The rooms were exceptionally clean, comfortable, the fixed breakfast menu was ample, transportation options could not have been better, and the staff (mostly family) could not have been more helpful. The neighborhood was well maintained.Holy Apostles Catholic Church is only 4 short blocks away and they have a Sat 6pm mass that was full of good energy. The restaurant selections, grocery stores, TUBE/Bus stops within easy walking distance proved to be exactly as stated in other Tripadvisor.com reviews.There are several fantastic options for long jogs/runs and the other guests were a bonus. This hotel attracts the Rick Steve's crowd and well traveled individuals were more than willing to share their daily events to help each other explore the city and surrounding regions.	
Mar 20 2009 	Clean comfy central and very friendly	I booked this hotel for a business trip based on the reviews from this site and I'm very happy I did so. My room wasn't large, but I've been in far smaller ones in central London hotels. Good, clean bathroom. Excellent breakfast options. Bit of trouble getting the hotel wi-fi to work - don't rely on being able to access email etc in your room. However, a hotel internet room is available, which is always useful. I'm planning to stay here again for a leisure trip later in the year.	
Mar 12 2009 	nothing to add	We stayed at the &quot;Luna&amp;Simone&quot; last year in a triple room and weren't disappointed. The staff was friendly, the breakfast served by the entertaining owners was great and definitely one of the highlights. I have stayed in much more expensive hotels were the breakfast service took hours compared to here!The location is very good if you travel via Victoria Station and there are loads of Coffeeshops, Take Aways and supermarkets nearby.Will definitely stay here again!	
Mar 10 2009 	Wonderful stay at the Simone!	My wife and I had a 10-night stay at the Simone in February and can't say enough good about this hotel. Last year we stayed on the Luna side, so we've had a chance to experience both parts of the establishment. What's so good about this place? The location--only a short walk from Victoria Station, two tube stops, the bus stop, grocery stores, restaurants/pubs, etc.; the rooms--they might be small, but they are extremely efficient in the use of available space; the cleanliness -- I wish some American hotels would take lessons on how to keep a property as pristine as this one is. But most of all, it's the people who work here that give the Luna Simone such a distinct personality. It's easy to see that they care about their guests, the property, and the good name that the hotel has earned over the years. Anything bad? Absolutely not. I doubt if there's a place in London that offers such value for the price. And I'd like to know of another hotel where customer service is as friendly and sincere as it is here. We are looking forward to a return visit.	
Mar 6 2009 	Great friendly family accommodation	We had 2 rooms (one triple and one twin) here. Both rooms were clean and neat with everything we needed. The staff are what makes this place so good. They are incredibly friendly and went out of their way to help us. The breakfast is good and our boys were offered all sorts of cereals and hot chocolate too. It's a bit of a walk from the tube but the area is good. There are plenty of nice places to eat and good supermarkets between the tube and the hotel.We would definitely stay here again, good value.	
Mar 4 2009 	Gem of a hotel affordable great location and really friendly people.	Me, my mother and grandmother stayed at the Luna Simone on the 3rd march 2009.We had a family room that was more than adequate size-wise, and had a lovely en-suite bathroom.The english breakfast is tasty, seved rather early but this was a bonus for us as it gave us an incentive to get up early and therefore do more whilst in London. They have a free internet room which we didnt use, but another good element as this is usually really expensive in most hotels.The staff are really nice and friendly and will go out of their way to help you, they stored all our luggage for almost a full day after we checked out so we could explore london before our journey home in the evening.Locations is great, its between Pimlico and Victoria tube stops, and bus 24 stops opposite the hotel and drops off back right outside the hotel, and goes to a fair majority of the attractions.Another note, the hotel was not noisy at all during our stay, the only noise we heard at night was next doors shower!It is a fab hotel to stay at whilst in London and the price is very reasonable for what you get, Would definately recommend!	
Feb 26 2009 	Terrific!	When we travel we look for four basic qualities: clean, comfortable, convenient and friendly. This hotel rates at the top in all of these areas. Very clean from top to bottom. The room was comfy and a fair size. The location is only a few blocks from Victoria Station, and a bus (#24) with great connections stops only a few yards from the door. But perhaps the best feature is the friendly staff. We had a great time talking with them, and they were always very helpful with directions, tickets, etc. There is a reason the place is nearly always full - it is a great value. We hope to get back to London and will positively stay there again.	
Feb 26 2009 	Comfortable 	My teenage daughter and I stayed at this hotel for 9 nights last April. From the moment we arrived we were made to feel very welcome. The staff were friendly and were helpful and courteous at all times. I really liked the 'family feel' to this hotel. The room was spotless, although small by Canadian standards, but I expected this as I had done my research. I was impressed that the towels were changed every day, and when we returned to the hotel at the end of a long day of sightseeing, the room was clean and inviting. As I said, the hotel is spotless and while some people have mentioned a smell of cleaners, I didn't notice anything except for an extremely clean room. I'm very fussy about that and I have no complaints there! Anyway, I would rather the smell of a cleaner than have to deal with a room which is substandard.The computer was a bonus, luckily located right beside our room. In a previous trip I had spent about 90 GBP on internet alone at a hotel in the South Bank. This is the equivalent of one nights stay. You may have to wait as we did find times when the computer was busy, particularly in the morning. But we found that the other guests were always courteous, and we in turn were the same, limiting our time emailing home on on the web.The breakfast was very good. The coffee was always a welcome start to each day, and the food hot and filling. My daughter isn't a tea or coffee drinker and they quickly offered hot chocolate to her as an alternative, which she said was some of the best she had ever had! The brothers who served us were attentive and very nice, and after a couple of days noticed that my daughter really enjoyed raspberry jam and would come over to the table to make sure that we had an ample supply at our table. We thought it was a very caring gesture. It's nice that they remember the small details.Breakfast is served from 7:00 to 8:30, and while that may be early for some people, I think it's a great kick start to get moving and not waste a minute in London! Occasionally, we needed help with directions or advice and the family was very quick to help in any way they could. We liked the location of the hotel. It was within walking distance of Victoria Station, which we used every day. We also used the Green Line bus at Victoria Coach Station to get to Windsor Castle, which is basically across from Victoria Station. It was all very convenient. There is also a shopping area adjacent to the Victoria Station with restaurants on the upper level. We really liked the buffet at the Fresh Pizza Company. It was reasonably priced and the service was great.Also, Luna &amp; Simone is within walking distance of many attractions, or a short bus or tube ride away. And there are many convenience stores in the area. We were very pleased with our stay as a whole, and will return to the Luna &amp; Simone. In fact, we will be there again in a couple of weeks and we can't wait!I would recommend the Luna &amp; Simone to anyone who would like to stay in a clean, comfortable B&amp;B with friendly service, in a nice, quiet location. It's simple &amp; lovely.	
Feb 26 2009 	Simple and clean	We had 2 rooms at the Luna and Simone, both were basic but clean. The owners are very friendly, helpful and accomodating. There was a nice English breakfast every morning and free internet access. Although we were generally awake already during the breakfast hours of 07:00 to 08:30 , this may be too early for some people. We used the Gatwick express to and from Victoria Station which is about a 10 minute walk from the hotel, very easy. Several good restaurants, within a variety of cuisines, are around the hotel as well. There is some airplane traffic overhead and street noise if you are staying on the front of the hotel and a light sleeper. Overall though, this is a very good hotel for people on a budget and a good value. And I must comment again on the friendliness of the family running the hotel (usually this is something that doesn't really matter to me)but they were very nice and pleasant to speak to.	
Feb 25 2009 	A bit disappointing but somewhat convenient 	I finally remembered to give this review...albeit 3 years later...but it left quite an impression on me so I still remember a good part of my experience.I stayed at Luna Simone for 2 nights. I originally booked a single room for 40GBP/night, thinking that it also had a private bathroom. When I received the confirmation, it turned out that the reservation was for a single room with shared bathroom. I immediately emailed the hotel and received a quick response. They told me that I did in fact book (through venere.com) the single w/ shared bathroom, but they went ahead and already changed my reservation to a single w/ private bathroom for 55GBP/night. For a grad student, this was quite a big change in price, but I was excited to stay at a highly recommended/rated hotel anyway so I didn't protest.To give a quick background...this was my first trip to England. I stayed in London for 3 nights total before going off to Nottingham for my MBA class. For the 1st night, I stayed at the Radisson Edwardian Vanderbilt Hotel on the other side of town because of a British Airways free night promo (my review: [--]Granted, these two hotels are two worlds apart - Kensington vs. Victoria area, world-renowned chain vs. family-owned, etc. But please know that I'm NOT comparing the two hotels or basing my experience at LunaSimone against the other hotel. My expectations of LunaSimone were solely based on the stellar reviews I read (the warm friendly staff, nice accomodations, etc.). I have traveled a lot and knew not to expect the world of a place that was about 1/2 cost of other hotels in town.With all this... I was pleased that transportation was conveniently located (the bus stop being almost right out front). The tube station was not too far, but still a bit of a walk especially if you have a couple of heavy suitcases you have to lug by yourself. I felt safe walking down the street to where the restaurants were. Victoria is not a badly situated location, but certainly not as convenient as other parts of town.I don't remember my room number, but I do remember it was a corner room on the right on the 1st floor of rooms. It was spacious compared to the Radisson room I stayed at my 1st night. The bathroom was small but clean. The lighting was a bit dark and it was fairly quiet. Overall, it was a simple and clean room. It looked and felt like a singles college dorm room (I have never stayed in a hostel, but maybe it could be comparable to one?).There is a tiny room downstairs with a single computer, so it was a nice amenity they offered (since I refuse to pay for internet connection on my laptop). Breakfast was okay, nothing too memorable. Lukewarm toast and basic jam. The people working down there didn't seem too open or friendly. You would think they'd try to make a sole traveler feel a little more welcomed by being friendly, but there was no more interaction other than taking my drink order.My front desk experience did not give me the warm &amp; friendly/fuzzy feeling like I read in past reviews. I had trouble communicating with the person, plus that person couldn't really suggest nearby places to eat or even give helpful directions where I can go to look on my own.What I cannot shake from my memories is the air inside the place. I never experienced this before, but something in the air literally put a bad or weird taste in my mouth. The best I can describe it is like having &quot;cotton mouth&quot;, or felt like an invisible residue on my tongue, something to this effect. Maybe it's the cleaning products they used or the air is just stale? I tried to air out my room, but it didn't help much. Remember, I stayed in March and it was too cold/wet to keep the windows open. That weird feeling in my mouth would go away whenever I left the hotel.Thanks for reading this long review. I might consider looking at this hotel again if I need an inexpensive place to stay next time I visit London, but it won't be my first choice. Same thing with recommending to a friend. If they need convenience AND inexpensive play to stay, then I would suggest they take a look at LunaSimone.	
Feb 25 2009 	Excellent B	We stayed at the Luna &amp; Simone Hotel for 2 nights over Valentine's weekend. We had read all the great reviews on Trip Advisor before we booked and we were certainly not disappointed. The rooms are not large but are perfectly adequate and the bathroom although small was spotlessly clean and had a good shower. We had a room on the ground floor at the front which does suffer some road noise and we could hear people coming in late at night so request a room at the back if this might bother you. What really makes this hotel is the wonderful owners who are very friendly and really go out of their way to make sure you have a great stay. Breakfast was lovely, not a lot of choice but really well cooked and if you don't like something on the menu the owners try their best to find you something else. For example I don't like tea or coffee and was perfectly happy having neither but the owner really didn't want me to go without and kept coming back with numerous suggestions of alternatives until I laughed and agreed to have a yoghurt instead! I noticed this with the other tables as well and it really goes to show the attention to detail and the desire to please the owners of this great B&amp;B have. The location is great, 5 min walk from Victoria station and close to numerous restaurants - we ate at O Sole Mio which was a very good inexpensive Italian 2 min from the hotel and at Kym's Chinese restaurant which also had great food.Overall we had a great stay here and would definitely stay here again. Highly recommended.	
Feb 23 2009 	Great place great staff	Brilliant location, rooms at the front of the hotel suffer from traffic noise, however staff excellent and managed to relocate us to the rear of the hotel where it is very quiet. Some building work going on at the moment - but this is good news as the hotel is going to be better than it already is. Breakfast very well made and will keep you going all day. We will stay again.	
Feb 23 2009 	Great Hotel for Your Money	We were so happy with our stay at Luna &amp; Simone! It was incredibly clean and the staff was very helpful. The morning breakfast was wonderful and helped us keep our trip costs down even more. The rooms are small for what Americans might be used to, but we found them to be bigger than other hotels we've stayed in throughout Europe. The location was wonderful - we walked everywhere and never felt we were in a bad area. The train station is literally a few blocks down the street - takes 5 minutes to walk there and get right to/from airport. We highly recommend this hotel and will be staying here everytime we come back to London!	
Feb 20 2009 	Great friendly service with a room to match	Arrived early &amp; our room was ready, allowing us to relax after a very early flight. All the staff we dealt with were very friendly, pleasant &amp; most helpful. The room was: spotless, bed comfortable, very quiet (even though it was on the front of the building), room had a kettle &amp; loads of tea &amp; coffee.Breakfast room was surprisingly large &amp; food was even better than what we expected.Top notch hotel, plan on staying there again...Just one thing to note, pictures on their own website does not do it justice.	
Feb 16 2009 	Loved Our Stay Here!!	We just returned from our stay at the Luna and Simone hotel. We had a great stay there and highly recommend it. From the moment we arrived there we were very happy with our decision to stay there. We arrived around 12pm after taking the Eurostar from Paris. The lady at the front desk gave us our key and told us to go get settled in before checking in since we had our all luggage and were tired. They were so nice and accomodating. Our room at two twin beds and was on the second floor. We had a balcony which we had requested. The room had a table between the beds, a desk situated in the corner of the room. The room was bigger than we expected. It was small but we had plenty of room for the two of us and we were satisfied with its size. We have stayed at a couple hotels in New York that are much, much smaller. The hotel serves a breakfast every morning in the dining room. They serve you at your table and have a menu for you to choose from with a few options. They have a great meal with egg, beans, and bacon. You can also have juice, coffee, and tea. There is a bus stop right out in front of the hotel that will take you to Westminster Abbey and Trafalgar Square. The hotel is only about a five minute walk from Victoria station so it was in a very convenient location for us. The hotel is very clean. It has daily room cleaning and is kept very clean. The front desk staff is so friendly and helpful. They even arranged for dot2dot to pick us up at the hotel and take us to the airport to fly home. They have an internet room with a computer to use. You can also use internet free in your room. We used the internet and it worked great. We highly recommend this hotel. It is a great hotel with a great location, price, and atmosphere.	
Feb 9 2009 	Fabulous!!!!!	This hotel was fantastic! We stayed for a week with a double room. The price was very reasonable. Peter, Bernard and his whole staff made our first trip to London the best. The rooms were cleaned every day. They have a full English breakfast in the mornings which included eggs, ham, bacon, the best hot chocolate in the world, toast, coffee, juice and all. They even loaned my daughter money to get to Bath on a tour she had missed. That would never have happened in the States. We will be back one of these days and we will stay at the Luna and Simone. We will always remember what a great time we had.	
Feb 6 2009 	Great value for money lovely place!	I stayed in Luna&amp;Simone Hotel for 4 nights in late January and again for 5 nights on February (till today). This hotel is great value for money, at least as far as concern what used to be the situation in London till recently. Walking around Victoria area, I saw B&amp;B and guesthouses offer cheaper rates, but I am not quite sure that they offer good quality. Then, as far as the crisis in the English economy continues, rates may become even lower due to competition. Before booking my accomondation in Luna&amp;Simone, I did a mini-research on other B&amp;B that get good reviews, and definately this offered the best rate. I booked about 10 days in advance, through the hotel's website.First 4 nights I spend there, I was staying in number 16 in the Simone part of the hotel. A single bed,TV,telephone and hair dryer, a desk and a chair, tea&amp;coffee making facilities were provided. Room not large, but quite decent size for such a hotel. Shower with lots of pressure and free toiletries. The only problem was the stairs. That room is located on the top floor, and sometimes can be a bit tiring to go up and down the stairs, especially in case you want to do that a lot of times per day.When I checked out, one of the owners offered (without me mentioning anything), to give me a room at a lower floor when I was coming back. Well, he didn't forget. On my second stay, I was given room 9a, at the Simone part again. A bit smaller than the 16, and due to the way rooms were setted, I got the impression that architect's original plans may have been for a linen room there, not a guest room. But anyway, same facilities offered,equally very clean and tidy, and located between 2nd and 3rd floor, which was great!I got the impression that maybe the Luna part was closed for maintenance, but I am not sure. Sometimes I could here someone using a drill or a hammer from this part of the building...? (Not terribly disturbing noise or something, could be heard only occasionaly). And the Luna entrance seemed to be closed during all my stay. (There are two entrances and a common reception.Reception staff was always polite.Quite often there was one of the twin brothers(propriators) their self on the desk (as it happened often with the breakfast area too). Also a couple of other,younger cute people behind the desk. There are plenty of leaflets with informations for attractions, tours etc, and there is a PC with fast internet connection for guest use, between 7am till11pm everyday, for free! I think there is WiFi too, but only for lower couple of floors.Breakfast lady very efficient, usualy aided by one or both of the brothers. Even around 8-8.30 when it's the most busiest in the breakfast area, everyone was taking a minute to ask you if you were OK, or need anything else etc. Very pleasant experience. There are two rooms, and depending how busy it is, one of them, or both may be in use. They are located at the basement and are clean and tidy. Breakfast is quite rich for a B&amp;B and could fill you for hours. It is served from 7 till 8.30. Now, I think they should add an extra half an hour here,as people may want to sleep a little longer, but still it wasn't too bad.Rooms are very clean, usually housekeeping take care of them between 10-12.00. I saw a lady one day, I am not sure if she is the only one or there are other housekeepers too. She was smiley and polite. I think even just for having to go up and down the stairs so many times per day, everyday, she deserves at least a tap on the shoulder!Last but not least about Luna&amp;Simone: Location. Very handy indeed. 10-15 minutes walking from Victoria station, 10 minutes walking from Pimlico. Bus 24 stops exactly outside the hotel and goes to these stations if you are bored to walk. It goes to sites such as Westminster Abbey and Trafalgar Square too. And it's a 24 hours operating bus! Belgrave Road itself is quite pleasant, well-lit at night and safe. A mix of B&amp;B, houses,small grosseries and a couple of pubs and eateries. There are TESCOs and Sainbury s in a walking distance, as there are indian, italian and even Cypriot restaurants, launderettes etc around. So everything about this hotel is good. Stairs can be the only problem, but there are some rooms on ground floor in case you have a disabled person in your party. Just let them know and they will do their best to help!Will I come there again? Definately!	
Jan 29 2009 	Luna 	We relied heavily on Tripadvisor reviews for a six week holiday in UK/Europe 2008. The excellent reviews for Luna &amp; Simone are all 100% accurate we're pleased to report! When booking, we just couldn't get over the price for the location...which led us to wonder if it might be on the slightly dingy side. Not at all. Yes, the double room we stayed in was on the small side, but it was light, bright, spotlessly clean and had a very modern (albeit small) bathroom which was also spick and span. The location is excellent as a base to explore London too - very close to all the transport. We had one of those ghastly early morning flights to Dublin through Ryanair and were able to walk to Victoria Station at 5am to catch the bus to the airport. Very convenient. The staff are exceptionally friendly and professional. Four great nights at Luna &amp; Simone - won't hesitate to stay there again next time.	
Jan 28 2009 	Exactly what we were looking for!	After a lovely week in Paris,we stayed in Luna&amp;Simone for 9 nights before returning back home.We decided to book it because of all those good reviews that are written for it,and-of course-the great location and price.It is very close to pimlico metro station,and the bus stops right in front of the hotel.Our room was on the top floor,small,but comfortable,clean and warm,and the bathroom was extremely clean too.We did not have breakfast there because it was served only until 8.30 (and that was too early for us),but I have to mention that they were very kind when we appeared there the first day at 9.00 (thinking that it was until 9.30) and they told us that the kitchen was closed but we could still have some coffee if we wanted.The only -little- problem was when we checked in and we had to carry all of our heavy luggage up to the 4th floor on foot because there was no elevator.Of course this was just for that specific day and all the other times we didn't bother at all climbing up the stairs.The best thing in this hotel is that the staff was incredibly kind,helpful and friendly and made us feel really wellcomed,and that's very important to me when travelling abroad!	
Jan 22 2009 	Good Hotel in a Great Location	After staying in paris, My boyfriend and I stayed in London for 2 nights before heading back to Manchester. We found this hotel to be in a great location (central London) and perfect to visit London's sights. The hotel is extremly clean and found the staff very friendly. Breakfast was also good (ENGLISH BREAKFAST) but does finish quite early 8.30am. Worth getting up for.	
Jan 21 2009	Great place	We actually traveled in '05, and I have been meaning to post a review ever since. My party was three single friends and we were very pleased with this hotel. The room had 3 single beds and was very comfortbale. We were looking for a clean, comfortable place in a good location, with a good price. Nothing too fancy. This hotel met all of our expectations. The hotel staff were very personable and made our trip much more enjoyable. And the location can not be beat, in terms of access to the rail system.	
Jan 20 2009	Disappointing	This hotel was disappointing because we anticipated some comfort and a pleasant greeting after a long haul flight from Austrlalia and got neither. We booked a room for 3 to consist of one double bed and one single and when we got there we were given a room with 3 single beds. When we enquired we were told that nothing could be done and no apology or explanation was offered. The room was very small, characterless and smelt heavily of chlorine based cleaning products. Breakfast was provided and was ok and the hotel is well located, quiet and safe but the owners were not particularly helpful or friendly. Unfortunately I could not recommend this hotel and will not be staying there again.	
Jan 6 2009 	A Must!	I absolutely love this hotel. My husband and I stayed in a double and my kids were in the room next door with two twin beds. They were very comfortable too. We stayed for 6 nights and we were very pleased, the staff was very friendly, the room was an adequate size, clean and the English breakfast was hearty.The #24 bus runs 24 hours and stops in front of the hotel, which can be a plus when you're out late. It's also within walking distance to either the Pimlico or Victoria Underground.It was the perfect hotel for us.	
Dec 22 2008 	Great Value 	I stayed at L&amp;S for 6 nights in late November in single w/ shared bath. Everybody knows these rooms are small. And they are...but perfect as a place to rest your head and allow you to spend $ elsewhere. The property is clean and as a solo traveler I felt safe in the neighborhood. Easy walk from Victoria or Pimlico station...Pimlico a much calmer experience. Breakfasts were filling and tasty. Great access to bus, tube, grocery and restaurants. I would stay here again.	
Dec 21 2008 	Never felt so welcome in London! My best stay ever.	What a change compared to the thousands of shabby places with shabby service in the medium-low price range in London! This was a perfect stay, and I will look no further in the future. Luna Simone are two &quot;twin&quot; hotels (or two parts of the same hotel) with a common reception, I was in the &quot;Luna&quot; part, room 7 (twin) on the first floor. I can't speak for the &quot;Simone&quot; part, but I assume it was the same.The place is spotless, with soft built-in carpets, security fire doors, simple but pretty furnishings. The room lacked nothing, and was quite spacious. The bathroom was magnificent, better than mine at home, with a gigantic shower. Very confortable beds, very clean linen, towels changed every day, space for luggage, desk and chairs, hangers, wardrobe, extra pillows, a fan, very good heating and lighting, hairdryer. Never seen anything like this room at this price in London!The breakfast (A' LA CARTE!) is magnificent, served in a modernly furnished cafè in the basement. You can select one thing from each of the three paragraphs the menu, but if you don't fancy something, they offer you stuff that's not in the menu. And they bring you more if you want. Better service than in any cafè in town! It's like being in a luxury hotel.The BEST thing of this hotel is the service and the staff, all EXTREMELY nice and professional. I just couldn't believe it! The staff at a Sheraton hotel I once stayed in were no nicer than the ones at Luna Simone. Heartwarming, really.The hairdryer broke, so they instantly gave us a replacement, and the next day a new hairdryer had been installed. The curtain had come off one of its hooks, and immediately they sent someone to fix it. Never in London have I felt so welcome before.We were checking out early, so I asked for a discount and they did give us one. Not as much as I was hoping, just 5£, but that's more or less what I spent for breakfast for two in Starbucks at the airport, so it was fine. I appreciated their fairness. Other hotels don't give a fiddle if you miss breakfast.It was well worth spending (per room) 15-20£ more than a lot of budget hotels in London to have such a wonderful and confortable experience.Loved it!	
Dec 10 2008 	look no futher!	Clean, comfortable and at a good price with breakfast included and not far from London Victoria. A pleasant, quiet, family run hotel. After spending over 2 hours looking online this hotel kept popping up. Do not let the fact of not being able to check vacancies online put you off. I rang them the next day and was able to book without a problem. I asked for a ground floor room as my mother has walking issues and they accomodated us by moving some bookings around. There is also a flight of stairs down to the breakfast room in the basement. The bus stops just outside the hotel, so do not forget to get your ticket in advance. Taxi's pass by frequently but the cost varies on the driver not the distance. We will recommend this hotel to our friends and would have no hesitation in staying there again.	
Dec 7 2008 	Look no further	After spending hours and hours trawling through websites to find accommodations deals, I began to think there was nowhere in London that could provide us with a room for a night at a reasonable rate, in a good location and that wouldn't have a trip advisor review without the words, dirty, terrible, and don't stay here, etc. Finally, on the basis of all the positive reviews on trip advisor I booked the Luna &amp; Simone, and was delighted to find it was exactly as all the previous reviewers had said - spotless, warm, in a good location, and with very friendly hosts.We stayed for 5 nights and friends who live a few hours outside London came down to join us and stayed in the B&amp;B in the room beside us for 2 nights. They also found it to be excellent and would definitely stay again. As we hadn't booked directly (it was through an agency), the rooms allocated were on the top floor (my friend tells me she counted 86 stairs!) and whilst you dread climbing it after the simple but filling breakfasts, the rooms were quiet, clean and comfortable and it wouldn't put me off going back. The breakfast is as described, cornflakes or orange, eggs with or without bacon and beans, or ham and tomato, and toast. The breakfast room is immaculately clean. The owners, who were as hospitable as everyone says, did offer to provide alternatives if we wanted, but I found the breakfast to be just what we needed for a day out in London.Our rooms were cleaned and made up every day and we were provided with fresh towels daily which I didn't expect. There is a hairdryer, tv and tea and coffee making facilities. I can't compare the size of the rooms to other hotels as this was my first stay in London, but you can't beat cleanliness and we were there to see London rather than stay in the room. As Victoria station was approx 10 mins walk away, we bought a weekly travelcard and used the tube to travel about. The travelcard also got us 2for1 deals into things like the Tower of London, Tower Bridge Exhibition and the War Cabinet Rooms etc, which was very useful and they were all worth seeing. The travelcard can also be used for the buses and we went to see 2 shows and were delighted to find that the number 24 bus stop was not too far away from either theatre and it dropped us off right outside the door. I would definitely stay here again, and if you are currently searching for a place to stay, look no further and book the Luna &amp; Simone.	
Dec 3 2008 	Wonderful B	I've stayed in many places in London and this one tops the list.The rooms are typically small London rooms, but absolutely spotless. The bathrooms, although small are nicely tiled and have great showers and lots of hot water - not always common in London. Breakfast was more than ample and I loved the jovial atmosphere in the breakfast room, where the owners actually help to serve. The location is very central and there are a couple of great restaurants just around the corner. All in all this B&amp;B offers the best of everything and I would highly recommend it.	
Dec 1 2008 	Great Value Hotel	My son (13) and I stayed at the Luna Simone for 2 nights last week. We found the hotel to be in a great location for us due to close proximity to Victoria and easy walking distance for many of the attractions. The staff were friendly and helpful, the breakfast simple but good quality and the bedroom and en-suite, although small was clean and warm. Great value for money, would definately use again.	
Nov 28 2008 	Great hotel!	Lovely little hotel, extremely clean rooms, pleasant staff and good cooked breakfast! Rooms were absolutely spotless, decent selection of tea and coffee in room - the hotel is old, but very well maintained! Staff was very welcoming. Had a single room w/ shared bathroom, small room but more than okay for a weekend trip! Short walk to both Victoria and Pimlico.	
Nov 26 2008 	Very Clean.	We stayed here for only one night on Sat 22 Nov.The hotel is located very close to Pimlico tube and is also only a short (5mins) walk from Victoria.The area around the hotel was fine with plenty of pubs, bars and places to eat. These we found just by wondering from the hotel towards Victoria station.We paid just £80 for the night inc. breakfast. We booked directly via the hotel’s site.We had to complete an inquiry form and ask for the price, but they were very quick with their response. We asked for a quiet room on a high floor and got one. Our room was at the back and up 4 flights of stairs. There are no lifts in the hotel, but I’m almost sure that if you were to ask any of the staff, they’d help with heavy bags etc. The whole place was spotless and very tidy. The en suit in our room was very clean and no crappy mould in the corners.All the lights worked as did the TV and hair dryer. There was a safe in the room with no additional charge.There was of course the usual tea and coffee making facilities, but we didn’t use them.Breakfast was very simple but ample. It was served in yet another spotlessly clean room and consisted of:Juice or Corn FlakesBoiled egg or Bacon, egg and beansWith Tea / Coffee and toast.I’m a vegetarian, so just asked for beans and egg. I got two eggs instead of the usual one as a replacement for the bacon. A nice touch.All in all, a great hotel and I really don’t think you could do a great deal better in London (Inc breakfast) for the price.Many thanksGraeme &amp; Sandra	
Nov 25 2008 	Wonderful!	What a lovely and friendly little hotel! I stayed for four nights and I really enjoyed my stay. The staff is brilliant- you can tell they like what they are doing. The rooms are spotless and comfortable. Central heating, good waterpressure, tv,safe,hairdryer and kettle to make your stay more pleasant.The breakfast was served from 7.00 to 8.30. You can choose from a wide selection and as I wasn't keen on bacon&amp;eggs style- they brought me a youghurt as an extra. Plenty of food to keep you going till lunch.It was lovely to watch the staff at work.Everything happened so smoothly(years of experience I guess) and the atmosphere was relaxed. Many guests were regulars as they hugged or shook hands with the staff when they were leaving. You don't get that in bigger hotels do you?I know where I'll be staying on my next trip to London.	
Nov 22 2008 	Great deal in London Town!	Had not stayed in this place for 23 years -- what a gem! I was in #5 - a single room w/ shared bath (right next to me) and was totally satisfied.Great breakfast - spotlessly clean and incredibly friendly staff.My single room was extremely small, but for 40 pounds and in a great location it was a deal!	
Nov 20 2008 	Great Hotel	Great little hotel, very clean. Good hearty breakfasts and the owners are extremely helpful. Try to get a room away from the front of the hotel where it is quieter. Otherwise, no complaints.	
Nov 16 2008 	Great Value in London	My family and I stayed at the Luna &amp; Simone hotel this past spring. The Luna &amp; Simone offers an excellent value in pricey London. Our rooms were clean and well-kept. The hotel is conveniently located half-way between London's Victoria and Pimlico tube stations, offering easy access to the Undergound. There are a number of nearby restaurants as well.The Luna &amp; Simone offers an excellent British breakfast each morning, which my family and I took advantage of as often as possible. The owners of the hotel were very pleasant and welcoming.I'd highly recommend the Luna &amp; Simone for a stay in London. My family and I were very pleased.	
Nov 15 2008 	Great location	Was really pleased with the price of this hotel considering the location (5 mins walk from Pimlico tube, 10 mins from Victoria). Great to find an English breakfast included for a change, unlike the previous hotel nearby where we got cold croissants, biscuits and long life yoghurts! Room wasn't massive, but plenty big enough and really clean. Hade to queue for breakfast on second day, but wasn't too much hassle and staff were very attentive. Friendly, family run hotel which I would reccommend to anyone.	
Nov 14 2008 	Nice place great staff	Stayed here on the tail end of a small Eurtrip with friends (3 of us total, all mid 20's). The staff was insanely helpful, I'm pretty sure it's family owned. It's convenient and is 2 blocks from Pimlico tube station. Rooms, while basic, were very clean. The bathroom stood out as new and clean.Overall, from what I researched from booking the hotel, the price was reasonable and it's a great place. Definitely not 5 star or anything, but newer and clean.	
Nov 14 2008 	Fab Hotel	First time in London. Had a fab time. Absolutely loved everything about it especially this hotel. It had everything onecould ask for - fantastic location, lovely staff, spotless roomand a great breakfast to set one up for the day. The Marquis of Westminster public house a short stroll away was the perfect place to end a perfect day. Would definitely stay at this hotel again.Mary &amp; Carmel, Dublin.	
Nov 12 2008 	Great B	We booked a few nights' stay at Luna &amp; Simone based on the Tripadvisor reviews and didn't regret it. The location is great, close to public transport, you could even walk to Buckingham Palace. Free breakfast and internet were great as well. Superb service. The room is small, but that's expected, it's clean and does the job. There's a kettle, no microwave though, and no lifts (that I'm aware of), so ask for room on the first level. The hotel staff did help us with our luggage though, so that was very appreciated. Value for money!	
Nov 8 2008 	Lovely Rooms - Great Service - Excellent Location!	This sweet little hotel is in the perfect location, located just a block and a half walk from the Pimlico Tubs station which gives you direct access to all of the Victoria line stops and transfers.It is owned by two brothers -- twins, I believe. You would see one of them hustling food out for breakfast then run upstairs and see the other one manning the front desk and think &quot;This guy is everywhere!&quot; They and the rest of the staff are incredibly responsive, friendly and will stop at nothing to take care of their guests.The rooms we stayed in were not large but were well laid out and cleanly decorated with a fresh continental touch. The beds were very comfortable and housekeeping was excellent.The included full English Breakfast was a welcome start to every day, delicious in a warm and bustling dining room downstairs.	
Nov 3 2008 	great value hotel	Good price, clean and tidy, excellent shower room and small but well appointed rooms. Close to central London and transport links via bus and tube can't be beaten. Staff v. friendly and knowledgeable. Don't expect luxury - just great value.	
Nov 2 2008 	Loved the Luna!!	This is a great place to stay. We spent 3 nights here in October in a triple room. Comfortable, exceptionally clean rooms and bathrooms. Room had TV, Tea making facilities, hairdryer. Breakfast was served promptly and was well cooked. The staff are very friendly and helpful. Great location - Victoria Tube station less than 10 minutes walk, Pimlico tube about 5 mins walk and the 24 Bus stops right outside the door and goes to Westminster, trafalgar Square and Leicester Square. Perfect for transport back from theatres. I would recommend travelpasses. We bought one for 3 days and this can be used on tubes or buses. Restaurants, supermarkets all close by. Looking forward to our next trip. The best hotel we have ever stayed at in London!	
Oct 29 2008 	Wonderful Hotel Terrific Location	I stayed at the Luna and Simone for 3 days from October 21 - 24 and again on October 26. I stayed in one of the basic singles with shared bath. NOT for the claustrophobic, as the room probably measures 6x12, but for all that, it's a cell with amenities-telephone, television, teamaker, hairdryer, wireless Internet. Clean room, a window that opens for ventilation, washbasin, towels provided, comfortable bed. The shared bath is small but servicable and right outside the door. If all you need is a place to stash your stuff and sleep at night, you don't need much more than that, and the price couldn't be beat, especially for central London!The staff - all family members, I believe - are wonderful and friendly. Breakfast was good and plentiful, and the service was efficient. They also have an Internet terminal if you can't get wireless (apparently, the signal doesn't go beyond the first floor - in my room, the signal was spotty) in your room.Best of all, the Pimlico neighborhood is wonderful. Victoria Station is about a 10 minute walk, Pimlico station is about 5, the #24 bus stops directly in front of the hotel and takes you to Westminster Abbey, Leicester Square and the British Musuem, and the #2 bus, which is the next street over, takes you through Mayfair to Marylebone. The Tate Britain is a short 10 minute walk away. And the neigbhorhood itself is replete with amenities - a mini-mart on the corner, a laundrette down the block, pubs and restaurants galore, nice shops, a fruit market up the street. In short, a real, liveable neighborhood, for all Belgrave Road is full of small hotels. This is someplace one could live for real.If you're a single wanting the basic room, try to ask for #5 instead of #4, as it is slightly larger and laid out better (#4's wardrobe is only accessible by standing on a chair). But don't hesitate to go for the singles, as despite their size, they're surprisingly comfortable.If I could make one recommendation, it would be for a wireless signal booster to improve the signal in the rooms. Other than that, I had absolutely no complaints. I really recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London who wants good, basic, convenient accommodation at incredibly reasonable prices.	
Oct 25 2008 	Cosy Hotel with Great Location	Great location within few minutes walk from Pimlico and Victoria stations and no. 24 busstop just in the front of the building. Comfortable neighbourhood with great local pub and selection of restaurants. And one big advantage was that National Express bus from Heathrow arrives to Victoria Coach Station that is only few minutes walk from the hotel, so no need to take the tube or taxi from airport.Staff was extremely helpful and friendly and you really got feeling about family runned hotel, not a big hotel chain. Rooms are neat and the shower was excellent with proper water pressure. There was also internet connection available besides reception (1 computer). It is also good to note that there is no lift and quite a few steps to walk if you are staying in top floor (perfectly OK for person with normal condition, but might be too heavy for eldery). Breakfast was served between 7 and 8.30 which was bit early in my opinion. It included tea or coffee and toast and either orange juice or conrflakes and then one of three: ham and tomato, boiled eggs or bacon and egg. If you are not fan of eggs it is a good alternative to switch third option to cornflakes or yogurt!I can recommed this hotel and would definately stay there again!	
Oct 23 2008 	Excellent	Great location. Bus 24 (24 hr) is steps from the front door. You can come home late at night from a play, no problem.Great value. The location is central to everything.Great rooms. Basic, but well appointed. Even includes a TV and wireless internet (only works from ground floor).Friendly Staff. I was pretty self sufficient, so didn't have a lot of interaction, but from what I saw, they were friendly and helpful, for a hotel with so many rooms to try and take care of. I also stayed at the Vicarage Gate hotel. Comparing the 2, they are very similar. VG is in a swankier neighborhood, but both have good connection and are quiet. VG's breakfast is more comprehensive, but it is also more expensive. LSimone's bus connection (24) cannot be beat. You can get anywhere and come home at 2am if you so desire. I didn't, but the bus runs 24 hrs a day.	
Oct 17 2008 	Loved the Luna!	Stayed at the Luna for three nights during the school's October week with my two children.The hotel is situated less than 10 minutes from Victoria Station where you can get transport tLoved the Luna!o all parts of London. Oxford Circus is only two stops away!Wicked and Billy Elliot are showing just beside Victoria.The hotel itself is very clean with the rooms being serviced every day and the towels changed. Our triple room was very spacious.The only negative thing was that breakfast finished at 8.30 am - too early! But that is a small point. I would definitely recommend this hotel for your stay in London!	
Oct 14 2008 	Exactly as imagined.	Stayed at the L&amp;S in mid September, with my wife. After checking out its homepage and the reviews here, It was exactly as we imagined it to be - a pleasant, welcoming place, well run by its Brit-Malteze owners. The room and bathroom facilities were adequate, although as others have stated there was some effort involved in getting our suitcases up there. As believers in having a solid breakfast before hitting the sites, the generous breakfast was also well organised. We'd sit down, place our order and in no time coffee, toast, real eggs (not that awful powdered stuff), bacon etc were brought out. The proximity to transport (Pimlico was closer and slightly easier to use than the cavernous Victoria station), restaurants and pubs were major pluses. Have to recommend the Italian corner restaurant a few metres away for its cheap and delicious pizza and a little further down &quot;Chimes&quot; a traditional pie and cider place.Importantly we also got a sense that the general area around the hotel was fairly upmarket and quite safe, so any walking to and from the L&amp;S in the evening/night time was not an issue. The only negatives would be the street noise, which was sometimes present but not unbearable and the inevitable noise from other rooms. One night, the people next door has their tv on loud and this could be heard - perhaps setting a limit on the volume might be a good idea (this was the case in a Paris hotel we stayed at immediately after the L&amp;S). If you're a light sleeper like me, earplugs may be a good idea although my wife had no problems. All in all, the L&amp;S was a comfortable and conveniant place to stay whilst in London.	
Oct 14 2008 	Great place - Great price	We visited the Luna &amp; Simone for 4 nights during our stay in London. We chose this hotel based on the great reviews on this site, and were not surprised to find our experience similar to many others. This place is perfect for budget-minded travelers. Sure, the room was small-ish but very clean and we had enough room for ourselves and our luggage. The bathroom was clean, great shower. The breakfast was always served hot, quickly, and with a smile. Couldn't beat the location, except when the Victoria subway line went down, but really had no problem walking to the next station. All in all, a great place to stay!	
Oct 7 2008 	Spotless hotel	We had an overnight stay here prior to a long rail trip. It was absolutely perfectly situated for London Victoria's railway station. The hotel was very clean and the bathroom looked newly refurbished. The breakfast was good as well. I think it could sell itself better on several points though: we had eaten before travelling thinking there would be nowhere to eat nearby as we would arrive late. However, there were lots of good restaurants very close by and a good supermarket - the hotel could inform people of this on their website. Any downs? Well, we had to walk up 8 flights of stairs with our bags as we were on the top floor - would be good to think about installing a lift, and we could have done with a bedside table instead of just the shelf. The receptionist could have been a bit more forthcoming in selling the place too instead of just doing the basics - she may not be a stranger there, but most people are and could do with some advice. We wanted to borrow some glasses and/or an ice bucket as we were celebrating a special birthday, but no luck - would be nice to offer that option, would cost peanuts.The breakfast was good and the owners/managers in the breakfast room were very welcoming. It's good - just a few changes would make it excellent! Don't undersell yourself LunaSimone!	
Oct 3 2008 	Great People...very Friendly and clean.	We stayed there one night on Sept 10, prior to a cruise but I would have stayed there longer. Location is very good, the people were excellent - staff and owners were tops! The rooms was ample for European standards, bathroom was new and everything was clean. I will stay there again on my return.	
Oct 3 2008 	Great stay at the Luna	If you are looking for a budget hotel in London, then the Luna Simone is an absolute gem. It is on Belgrave road in-between Pimlico and Victoria tube stations. The hotel is spotlessly clean from top to bottom and the hosts are very nice people. It is run by a couple of brothers and they are proper Londoners,The room we had was small but adequate and is what you would expect from a London hotel in this price range. The bathroom was exceptionally clean and everything was fine. I was surprised to find that there was a free safe in the room also. Our room was on the top floor and for us, was hard work climbing the many stairs to our room. If you have heavy luggage this may be a problem. My advice would be to book early for a room on one of the lower floors. The hotel was completely full, which speaks volumes. We didn't have a problem getting a table in the breakfast room but a large family may have to wait a few minutes for one of the larger tables. The breakfast was with you in a jiffy. It was very nice and perfectly cooked with lots of toast. Service came with a smile and no waiting for anything. The hotel is on a bus route (No 24) wich stops almost outside the door. This bus runs 24 hours, every 5 minutes before 8pm and every 10 minute after that. It's a fantastic route that takes you past Westminster Abbey, Houses of Parliament, Big Ben, Downing Street and Trafalgar Square which all have stops. The bus carries on to Leicester Square in the heart of the theatre area. Get on the top deck and enjoy the views. We purchased day passes for the underground, around £5 each and these tickets are good for the buses also (a fantastic deal).We really enjoyed our stay in London and the Luna Simone made it a perfect break. I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel. We will definatly be staying there again.	
Oct 2 2008 	Convenient Location	We stayed for 3 nights at this hotel recently. We were on the 3rd floor overlooking the main street. Room was nice and cosy. Love the shower. It was great to have free WIFI internet that even reached to the 3rd floor. Otherwise, there's 1 computer in the computer room that you can use for free.Conveniently located to laundromats, grocery stores - Tesco, Sainsbury &amp; a convenient store, pubs, restaurants. Bus 24 right at the front and less than 5 minutes walk to Pimlico train station or about 10 to Victoria Station. We had lovely breakfast down in the breakfast room.Friendly staff. Will stay here again.	
Oct 1 2008 	Nice staff great location	I was going to London with a friend to visit the British Museum and I wanted a cheap hotel that was close to the museum and shops. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the room was clean, there was a good choice for breakfast. The room was small but it was reasonable for London prices. There is internet facilities in the hotel (which I never used). Bathroom steamed up a fair bit though.	
Sep 24 2008 	Great hotel in great location	Stayed at the Luna Simone Hotel for two nights recently. This hotel is one of the cleanest hotels I have stayed in. The staff were friendly and helpful. The breakfast was excellent. The breakfast room was spotlessly clean. Rooms were of a decent size. Hotel is situated close to Victoria and Pimlico tube stations. Can't find any fault whatsoever with the hotel. Excellent for anybody taking a city break in London. Sinead, Cork.	
Sep 23 2008 	Good Location	Just back from a weekend in London where we stayed in the Luna and Simone Hotel. This is a lovely family run hotel just a few minutes walk from Victoria Station. The staff were extremely friendly and offered loads of helpfull advice on various tours etc. The hotel was spotlessly clean and we couldn't have looked for nicer accomadation in an area that we felt safe walking in both day and night there are some lovely pubs and restaurants within walking distance. We will definitely stay here again on our next visit to London.	
Sep 19 2008 	GREAT LITTLE HOTEL	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. The staff and owners were very friendly and helpful. Very powerful showers. Great location for exploring central london, few minutes walk from victoria. Quiet area at night. If you are looking for somewere to put your head down for a few nights at a reasonable price, please take a look at this wee gem!!!Lovely restaurant around the corner called Grumbles.	
Sep 17 2008 	An UNBELIEVABLE value for London!	The raves from other travelers are completely warranted. The rooms are small but the fittings are modern and the bed was excellent. The twin brothers who own/run the hotel -- who have been in the hotel business for 37 years -- are considerate, professional and fun.The location is good (Pimlico and Victoria tube stations are no more than a ten-minute walk), and there are excellent restaurants nearby. I especially recommend Solo Mio, the Italian trattoria a half-block away and Seafresh, a fish restaurant about two blocks away. I paid 90 pounds a night, full price, including English breakfast and wi-fi (which drifted in and out). In London these days, that's a STEAL!The only (minor) criticism I have is that breakfast is served only from 7-8:30am.	
Sep 16 2008 	A Wonderful Place to Stay in the Heart of London	I can only add to all the positive reviews of Luna &amp; Simone. We stayed for five days from August 28th 2008. The hotel is in a great location - walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Parliament/Big Ben etc or for those less used to walking catch bus 24. Walking distance from Victoria Station (we paid £3.40 for a taxi when we arrived with suitcases), nearby is a great Sainsburys, Boots (chemist) etc. We had a twin room on the ground floor and it was impeccable. It was simple, clean, comfortable and had a tv (5 channels - inc BBC1, ITV, Five, Dave), kettle for making tea or coffee, a safe. The bathroom was small but really clean and nice.We were able to access free wireless internet through the hotel (ask at reception for the password). I know some people have reported not being able to get wireless in all parts of the hotel but we had no trouble at all.Breakfast was fab! There are three choices - bacon, eggs and baked beans or boiled eggs or ham and tomato. You can also have cornflakes or OJ and all breakfasts come with toast and tea or coffee. The dining area was incredibly clean.Our hosts were friendly and helpful - as so many others have reported.All in all I give our stay 10/10. For the price I dont think you can do any better in London.	
Sep 9 2008 	Fab Hotel Great location and Very Clean	This hotel is very very clean rooms are nice size and its in a great area! Lovely staff and the breakfast was brilliant Will defo stay here again and will recommed this hotel again and again	
Sep 7 2008 	Fabulous hotel Fabulous Staff!	The family that runs this hotel treats you like your are in their personal home. Friendly, always willing to help out with information and recommendations to maximime our stay, cheerful during breakfast and all around a clean, warm (we were there during the Christmas holiday) comfortable and friendly. We will always stay here when we are in London!	
Sep 6 2008 	Fantastic stay great people.	We staid here for 6 days and it was fantastic. The rooms were super-clean, the shower was great, the beds really comfy and the location perfect. Surrounded by a huge variety of nice restaurants and only about 5 minutes walk from Victoria Coach station where you can get a bus, coach, underground or taxi.	
Sep 6 2008 	I Love this Hotel but just a couple of catches	It's great value for money: cleanliness, warm and friendly hospitality, nice service; proximity to the Victoria Station; bus at door. It fully met my expectations.Area for improvement: mattress a bit worn out, particular on the sides; need to be replaced. Rooms a bit too small for 2 adults.Travelers should be aware that there is no elevator in the hotel. Carrying heavy luggages to 2nd or 3rd floor could be a challenge. Hotel staff was kind enough to help out with a couple of pieces of luggage out of the 4 that we brought for the family.	
Sep 3 2008 	Great hotel with lovely restaurant nearby	My husband and I stayed here with friends on August Bank Holiday. We were all delighted with the standard of cleanliness and the great showers at the hotel. Admittedly the rooms are not huge but they are big enough. Breakfast choice is limited but what you get is sufficient and nicely cooked. All in all this hotel is really good vale for money and the reception staff are friendly too! There is only one draw back and that is the lack of a lift so if you think climbing up to the third floor will be too much for you make sure you get a room on one of the lower floors. The location is great, with a stop for the bus which goes directly to Trafalgar Square etc right outside the door and it is within a few minutes walk of Victoria Station. There is also a very nice restaurant in Churton Street, which is just a few metres away. It's called 'Grumbles' but we certainly didn't have any grumbles about our meal there, it was delicious. Unfortunately the same cannot be said for the restarant diagonally opposite called 'Chimes'. They claim to serve traditional English food but if the beer battered cod and frozen chips is an example of what they consider traditional English cooking it's easy to see why it's got such a bad reputation. At £9.50 per person this dish was hardly cheap and the fish was disgusting. Give this one a miss.	
Aug 23 2008 	lovely lovely luna	We had a fantastic 10-day stay at the Luna. From the moment we arrived, we were impressed with the friendliness of the staff and the immaculate condition of the hotel. The twins are a real hoot, especially at breakfast, which was more than enough to keep us going for several hours.The location was perfect...two underground stops near by, and a bus stop right outside the door. What more could tourists ask for?Our room had twin beds, which we pushed together at night to create a king. The bathroom had one of the best showers we've ever used while traveling. Had it been around several hundred years ago, the water pressure probably could have put out the great fire!The only down side of our trip--we had to return home after our ten days in London. We hope to be back in 2009.	
Aug 20 2008 	Luna Simone-Our New Favorite Hotel in London!!	After staying in several different types of hotels in London over the past few years (from chains like Novotel, Sofitel, and The Cumberland among others), our family has decided that the Luna Simone is our favorite London hotel. We travel often with our two older teenagers and they are picky about their accommodations...the Luna Simone received a rousing &quot;thumbs up&quot; from them as well. We stayed for 5 nights (second week of June 2008) in a quad room on the ground floor with one double bed and two twins. The room was spacious for London, clean, &amp; comfortable. The bathroom was also surprisingly spacious and looked new. The Luna and Simone is a very safe hotel in a quiet section of Belgrave Rd....you have to be buzzed in by the staff and after check in are given your own key to the front door...very convenient. One of the things that really made the difference for us, however, was the accommodating staff (including the wonderful twin owners). We were 3 hours earlier in arriving than planned and the hotel staff not only kept our luggage safe while we did some sightseeing but they placed our luggage in the room as soon as it was available. On two different days when I was feeling ill and had to stay in the room (thus asking for no maid service) the staff still made sure we had fresh towels, soap, and etc.. One evening when we decided to bring back some delicious Indian &quot;takeaway&quot; to enjoy in our room, we discovered to our chagrin that we had no utensils to eat with (silly us). My husband inquired at the front desk if they might know where we might locate some and the staff member at the front desk very kindly loaned us not only utensils but plates, etc. from the dining room. These things may all seem trivial but it is this sort of personal touch that made the difference for us. Some reviewers here have questioned the high ratings this hotel has received in the past , complaining about what I believe to be trivial matters, including: Lack of TV channels (are you really in London to watch TV?) to not enough variety on the breakfast menu (we found the breakfasts to be fresh, plentiful, and served with a smile). This hotel is an amazing value: you get a spotlessly clean, safe, hotel room, located conveniently within walking distance of Victoria and Pimlico Tube stations, bus service nearly at your doorstep, a full English breakfast, all at an unbelievably affordable price for a London hotel. We have stayed in more posh hotels in London but none can beat the Luna Simone for cleanliness, value, and above all: owners and staff who truly care about their guests and their hotel. We are planning another trip to the UK for Fall 2009 and will absolutely be staying at the Luna Simone.	
Aug 19 2008 	This hotel should be #1	Fabulous! We stayed here 3 nights and returned for 1 more.Every morning I'd come down to breakfast and kid the twins, wives, kids...family all over the place! I'm not a fan of London, but I'm a BIG fan of this hotel and everything around it. (And the young man on the front desk, if you're reading this, you are a 10! You are SO personable and kind. Are you smiling? You are always smiling.) Lots, and lots of small restaurants a few steps away, (ate at Solo Mio - twice), plus laundry, super-stores, nails and hair; everything within reach. Go to Luna and Simone. You'll love the place (small, but very, very clean) and tease the twins...they love it. Such fun we had in July! Mary-Margaret and Douglas Porrey	
Aug 19 2008	nice place and good value for money	My wife and I recently stayed at the Luna &amp; Simone Hotel as part of a two day visit to London. We found the hotel to be very clean and friendly, and was perfect for our needs. The location is excellent, and we were very happy with our stay. This is a family run hotel and it shows as all the staff are very helpful. Would recommend this hotel to all my family and friends.	
Aug 15 2008 	Decent but not fantastic	I booked this Guesthouse (that would be a more accurate description than calling it a hotel) due to it at the time being ranked 10th most popular in London on Tripadvisor.It is ok and decent value I suppose but I chose this over what was described as a luxurious 4star because the 4star was ranked just over 300th most popular. I feel I may have made the wrong decision as the price difference was only about €10 per night.It's in a good location approx 10 minutes walk from Victoria station. The rooms were cleaned everyday and the two men that run the place were very helpful and pleasant.The rooms are very very basic and the breakfast is also very basic. The satellite TV is 7 maybe 8 channels and if you have trouble getting up stairs this place is most definitely not for you.I wouldnt warn people to steer clear of the place but for a small amount of extra money you would probably get something much nicer.	
Jul 27 2008 	good value for money in London and a note for 1st time travelers to the UK	My husband and I stayed for 3 days at the Luna &amp; Simone and thought it was quite good value for money in London; a good breakfast, very good and quiet location easily accessible by tube or bus. First time travelers to the UK (or Europe for that matter); please bear in mind that room sizes and usual amenities (air conditioning for example) North Americans are used to are usually not found here. This will go a long way in ensuring satisfaction from your stay. I would ask for a room giving onto the backyard and not on the main floor for more peace. All in all, quite enjoyable.	
Jul 27 2008 	Great Location	We had a fine stay at the Luna and Simone. The staff was always available and very friendly.A couple of caveats, the rooms are small but quite adequate. The beds are on the hard side. While the staff is friendly and available, most rooms are upstairs and you'll need to carry your own, so pack light!Now, I thought the rates were great for such a clean nice propety in London. There is coffee and tea in the room. Also, we were able to hook up to free wireless. It was ad supported, and you had to relink every hour.....but did I mention it was FREE!The location is outstanding. Just around the corner are lots of great restaurants. Our first night there, we were walking along reading menus and a gentleman crossed the street and advised us on every restaurant in the area. Two of his area recommendations, Chimes (for English fare) and Cyprus Mangal(we like Greek food too) were absolutely excellent.Just up the street a bit, you will find Victoria Station, from which you can take the tube to pretty much any place in London. Several times, we just walked over to Westminster, the London Eye, Buckingham Palace, and Trafalgar Square. It was a bit of a walk, but quite doable.Also, just across from Victoria Station, on the same street as the hotel, is St George's Tavern, an outstanding example of an english pub which specializes in a vast array of sausages, but the fish and chips was the best we found. Their french fries should get an award. That said, stay away from their hamburgers!One last thing, if you've ever had any interest in Shakespeare, get tickets to the Globe Theatre. We saw 'A Midsummer Night's Dream' and it was one of those experiences of a lifetime. If interested, get your tickets early as they sell out. I ended up getting our tickets thru a broker, Albemarle.	
Jul 25 2008 	Fabulous hotel!!!	My son and I stayed at the Luna and Simone Hotel in July, 2008 and had a fabulous time. The location was perfect, within an easy walking distance to Buckingham Palace, The Eye, Westminster Abby and more. The hotel itself was extremely clean and well kept. Breakfast was delightful and customer service outstanding. We had requested a room with a balcony when we made the reservation, and we were pleasantly surprised to get just that upon our arrival.The balcony rooms face the street and are probably a little more noisy than the back rooms, but the view was worth it to us. The bus stopped right across the street from the hotel, and Victoria Train station was just a short walk away.The rooms are small, but well-layed out. It has a personal safe, a well-designed bathroom which was spotless, and comfortable beds.I would highly recommend this hotel!!	
Jul 25 2008 	Safe and Friendly	Stayed here in July with my family. It is in an excellent location for sight seeing . The rooms were safe, clean and comfy and the English breakfast provided was terrific. We found Peter, Rita and Mark to be very friendly and helpful and wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great friendly hotel in convenient location	This is a lovely, family run hotel in a very convenient location near Victoria Station in London. The people that run this hotel are friendly and very helpful and welcoming and it reasonably priced accommodation. We spent 5 nights there and the hotel was full the whole time and we had to book 6 months ahead. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.	
Jul 24 2008 	Little gem right in the heart of London	This little gem right in the heart of London was a great find. The ultra friendly staff, clean, tidy, spacious rooms, wonderful breakfast and excellent service were all included in the very reasonable price. I was travelling with 2 other friends and we all enjoyed our experiance here at Luna &amp; Simone. We would all stay here again should we return to London and have no reservations in recommending it to everyone else. Thank you for such a wonderful stay in the UK.	
Jul 22 2008 	Friendly Clean 	Great location in Victoria with a #24 bus stop directly in front of the doors. Quick walk to the station to catch a tube or a tour with it's central location. Excellent food and service, breakfast was cooked for us individually every morning. The owners take pride in serving their customers. Our room was clean and had a private bathroom and it was quiet at night. Great place to stay for business or pleasure. The free internet kiosk was a nice priviledge.	
Jul 9 2008 	gem in london	Spent 7 days at the Luna &amp; simone, great little hotel,close to everything. Bus at door and underground station 10 minutes away. Plenty of pubs and restuarants in area. Laundromat just arround the corner, Owners and staff are excellent. Rooms are small but this is to be expected in London, good beds, great showers.	
Jul 8 2008 	Wonderful and clean hotel with great staff!	An absolutely wonderful little hotel. I've been to London four times before this visit and I've always stayed in the Bayswater area. Read about Luna and Simone on tripadvisor and gave it a try. I can just say no regrets to that decision. Can only give high recommendations to this little establishment. The staff are friendly, everything is clean and a surprisingly nice breakfast. Don't miss out!	
Jul 8 2008 	Charming family-run hotel	We stayed at the Luna-Simone for 2 nights. The hotel is about a 10 minute walk from Victoria Station and is family-run. The price was 95 GBP/night and breakfast was included. Now, for the specifics. The family that runs the hotel is very nice and really keep the property up. Various members of the family gave us helpful advice on several occasions and they really made our stay pleasant. We stayed in a room with a double bed, two night stands, a decent-sized wardrobe, small TV and dresser. The bathroom had a shower. Both the room and the bathroom were very clean (the bathroom nearly sparkling). Our room faced the street, but we were not disturbed by noise at all. The hallways, dining area and reception area of the hotel were also well-kept. There is a small room with a computer terminal for internet access available from 7:00AM-11:00 PM. However, as a courtesy, you should only expect to use it for 5-10 minutes at a time, since other guests were usually milling about or checking in to take a quick surf, too. One of the best touches of our stay was the complimentary breakfast. With the dollar continuing to struggle against the pound, the free breakfast was much welcomed by our family of four. It was quite filling (we left food on the table both times) and good. Overall, we had a really nice stay here and would return.	
Jul 5 2008 	What a BRILLIANT hotel!!	For our four days/three nights (1st July-4th July 2008) in London we were looking for somewhere reasonably priced; fairly central and clean and comfortable. As the Luna-Simone hotel came highly rated on Tripadvisor we took the plunge and booked via the hotel website. The hotel was easy to find being only a short 5 minute stroll from Pimlico Tube Station. Pimlico, on the Victoria tube line is a bit closer to the hotel than Victoria Tube Station and has the welcome advantage of being a whole lot less frantic. Tip:- From Liverpool Street take the Central line (West Bound) to Oxford Circus then change to the Victoria line (South Bound) to Pimlico exiting Pimlico station via the Rampayne St exit. Hotel is about five minute walk from here. NB Due to engineering work until End Nov 2008 no service on Victoria line after 2200h - but you can use alternative lines (Circle or District) to get you to Victoria tube station and then walk to the hotel in 10 mins or so from there.We arrived at the Hotel at 10.30 am and the friendly receptionist checked us in speedily and with no fuss. She made a short internal phone call and then gave us the good news that our room had just been freshly cleaned and was ready for us. Handing us our keys (one for the room door and one for the Hotel entrance door) she gave us clear directions as to where our room was. We occupied room number nine at the rear of the building on the 'Luna' side. We liked this as it was quiet - well away from any possibility of road noise. We were impressed with the general level of cleanliness throughout the Hotel - especially the room. I am a bit picky when it comes to hygiene and I can honestly say i found nothing to cause me any concern. No matter where I looked everything was gleaming - all credit to the cleaner; they do a great job. The maid came in each morning and made our bed; tidied up and left us fresh towels for our return. The shower was very good - we thought it was like a power shower - this was welcome after a sticky day spent amongst the throngs of fellow sightseers in London at the height of the summer heat. The shower cubicle was gleamingly clean with no mould or soap scum. Although the room overall was on the small side it was adequate for us and lets face it - how long do you spend in the room anyway?Breakfast, which is included in the price, is served form 7.00 am to 8.30 am. To be honest, this suited us as we like to get up early and make the most of our days and try to fit in as many sightseeing activities as we can. Breakfast is served in the sparkling clean basement 'breakfast room.' Service is quick and the food is fresh. Nothing was too much trouble. For instance, I asked for scrambled eggs in place of the fried eggs and it wasn't a problem. You have a choice of cereal or juice to start with. After that you have a choice of boiled eggs or bacon-egg-beans complete with toast and tea or coffee. We found this to be ample and kept us going until lunch time no problem.I needed to iron a pair of trousers - reception lent me an iron and board free of charge. We found the staff - who were mostly family members (the hotel is family run) to be very helpful. We were glad of the free internet access to check emails etc. There is a desktop computer available for use free of charge - we thought this was a nice touch. There is a wireless network but i am unsure if there is a charge for this.Our stay at the Luna-Simone hotel was enjoyable and we will be returning there the next time we are in London.Steven Milloy and Sandra McSkimming	
Jul 2 2008 	We loved LS!	We stayed at LS for 4 nights, 10-14 June. We love this hotel and would stay here again. The staff were very friendly and helpful and accommodating. The room was small, but great shower. And we loved having the #24 bus right outside the door. We got the Oyster Card and got our money's worth, taking the bus and tube everywhere. I love this neighborhood, it's a little off the tourist track, but everything you need is nearby -- including a nice Italian restaurant, O Sole Mio, down the street. Highly recommended.	
Jul 2 2008	Great for central London	Enjoyed our stay here immensely, especially compared to other experiences in London. Good clean room with decent space for London. The hosts were helpful and friendly, and we were able to have en suite bathroom access for less than a lot of other places. Great value, given London prices!	
Jun 30 2008 	Good value	The hotel was exactly what I expected. The rooms were clean, showers were hot, and breakfast was decent. The location is great; within walking distance to Buckingham Palace. Overall, this hotel was a great value.	
Jun 29 2008 	Very nice and the price is right	We stayed here on the last part of our European tour June 13-19th. I was traveling with my kids aged 22 &amp; 24 so we were very pleased to have room #1 (a triple) The room was very big for us and the beds were quite comfortable. There was another bathroom right outside our room so it was almost like having 2 bathrooms! Breakfast was good and the staff was very accommodating. Transportation is convenient by bus or tube. Do get the oyster card it will save you $$$. The only problem we had was with internet access downstairs. We had to at times put our laptop outside the window on the ledge to connect quickly! It was hilarious, (see picture) It was free though. We would stay here again.	
Jun 23 2008 	Stop searching...this is the place!	I am picky, and L &amp; S satisfied. I spent hours and hours researching every place in London and finally decided to stay here. We're so glad we did. It is a nice family owned and operated hotel. They are very kind and helpful. Peter and his twin brother will serve you breakfast and his son, Mark, works the front desk. We stayed in room #2 on the first floor. There are double doors to give more privacy and as a sound barrier. I recommend this non smoking room.	
Jun 19 2008 	Nice cosy hotel	Luna &amp; Simone Hotel is a little, nice, clean, cosy hotel in an elegant quiet street of Belgravia; Victoria Station and Pimlico tube station are at 10 minutes walking distance. More, just in front of the hotel there's a bus stop: bus 24 goes 24h/24 to Victoria, Westminster, Trafalgar, Piccadilly.The English breakfast is maybe not hudge but completely satisfiyng; there's an internet point.According to me and to my wife, the quality/price ratio of this hotel is very very good. Next time we'll go to London we'll choose Luna &amp; Simone again.	
Jun 11 2008 	excellent value in London	This hotel is certainly the best valued accommodation in London. WE had a change of plans when we arrived and required 4 more nights which they were very willing to provide us even though it meant switching around other reservations. Our stay was terrific , Our room was quite spacious for London, the bathroom was small but entirely adequate for our needs. The cleanliness of this hotel is superior and the staff is the best I have encountered. The breakfasts were everything you could ask for and if you wanted something different the staff were only too pleased tp offer. This was our first time to London and the Luna &amp; Simone hotel made it much more special. It is convenient to all bus lines, the train station and subway.There are also several excellent restaurants nearby and the St George Pub is only 5 min away and is super for meals and winding down after a long day of sightseeing. The brothers are only too willing to make your stay as comfortable as possible and we loved every single day and were very sad to leave. The computer access proved invaluable to us. We would certainly return and would also not hesitate to recommend it to friends.LorraineVancouver, Canada	
Jun 9 2008 	Decent hotel nice stay	I was in London for a 4 days trip, just to see a few of the city attractions. I read a few review of the hotel and I decided that is a good choice for my trip. The location is OK, 10 minutes walking to Victoria station from where you can go everywhere. Also, 10 minutes from the nearest subway. Neighborhood was OK, not very noisy and quiet in the evening. We came back later at night and had no problem. A few shops closer to the hotel and even some nice restaurants. The room was little but clean, with TV. Bathroom with shower OK, also clean. We did not have any complains about it. The breakfast was enough, just a few choices but tasty. The staff was helpfull and the owners very nice people. I would stay here for my next trip especially if I will go as a tourist and not spent more than the nights in the hotel room.	
Jun 7 2008	terrific place	I stayed in this hotel in April for 5 nights. I thought about writting a review here, although did not want to repeat what the other people already said, e. clean, excellent location, friendly staff, etc.After reading some of the negative reviews, I could not keep it to myself. This hotel is of a great quality for the type of place. If you expect 5 star quality , then go to a 5 star hotel, and pay the 5 star price. This hotel is considered a Bed and Breakfast with a 5 star guest's service. I know the rooms are not big, but you are not paying £300 - 500 per night, as you would pay for a large room in a larger hotel. If you are looking for luxury, look or somewhere else, but if you are looking for a home away from home, then Luna Simone is the place to stay.	
Jun 5 2008	American dollar stretcher clean and convenient!	We agonized over picking a place to stay in London because like every big city, London is expensive! Then add in a bad time to be using American dollars and it gets downright depressing. This place is clean, nice and a perfect operating base. We spent about $250 dollars for a room with 4 beds. We brought our 20 yr old daughter along.This hotel should be an insider's secret: it is on the 24 bus line which we used every day. Pick up and drop off in front of the hotel! Add in a very accomodating dual hosts at breakfast - you don't drink coffee or tea - have some hot chocolate, you don't eat sunnyside up eggs - how about scrambled eggs. The breakfast was a good way to start our day and it was included! The security was very good and they have an internet nook to use for free! Nice soaps and shampoo and above all clean,beautiful bathroom and comfortable beds. There are grocery stores close by and even some restaurants. We had our requirements met to have a nice place to sleep and start the day because we were out all day and caught some shows at night. We will be going back and reccommending this to our friends - just don't tell everybody!	
Jun 4 2008 	Good budget hotel	We recently stayed at the Luna and Simone for 4 nights. The property is pretty much as advertised. It is a small, basic hotel. The rooms are clean, although showing a little wear. Scuffs on the wall, stain on the desk chair. The bathroom was a comfortable size and very clean. Linens are spotless, but of a very basic quality. The breakfast was basic, as well. A fried egg, toast and tea does become a little boring after a few days. There are high spots to the Luna and Simone. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The price is definitely bargain rate for London. It was in a nice neighborhood. Access to transportation was fantastic. If you are looking for any type of luxury, you will be disappointed. If, however, you are looking for a great price and do not mind basic but clean accommodations, then the Luna and Simone is for you.	
May 28 2008 	Great little hotel	We really enjoyed our stay at the Luna and Simone! The staff was friendly, the room was small but cute, cozy and clean and the perfect amount of space for the two of us, the breakfast was delicious and an awesome start to the day:) The hotel is within walking distance to everything and if you don't want to walk the bus stops right outside the door or Victoria tube station is just a bit of a walk up the road! We would definitely go back and highly recommend for anyone travelling to London!	
May 26 2008 	Excellent Value and Very Welcoming	Brilliant stay at this hotel. We booked last minute direct with the hotel. Me, my sister and my mum went stayed for one night in London for a girly get away.At £110 for a triple room including a full english breakfast, it was excellent value. Is located near to Victoria Station. Good for bus travel but a bit of a trek to the Station and back. Room big with french doors to a patio area which was really nice. Shampoo etc a nice touch for shower room. Everything very clean and fresh.Breakfast lovely although started as early as 7am I think (and our room was right next to dining room) and as it was full, it was a bit noisy. But then you don't really go to London for a lie in!Owners and staff all very helpful and so friendly. Would definitely stay again.	
May 25 2008 	Perfect little place	We stayed in this nice little hotel for four nights in early May. The room was very clean and nice. Nothing fancy, but it was perfect for what we needed. Our room (#9) had one of the smallest bathrooms (the owner said they were hoping to make it bigger soon). There was an in-room tea kettle which was a nice touch. The breakfast was also delicious and the perfect way to start the day. We booked directly through their website, which worked out quite nicely. There were lots of restaurants close by and the street was nice and quiet. We felt very safe there. And it really was just a short walk from both Pimlico and Victoria Stations. Overall, it was a very pleasant stay and I would recommend if you are looking for a small, quiet. lovely little hotel!	
May 24 2008 	Great Value!Great Location!	This was my first experience using a budget hotel in London and I was pleasantly surprised. With the exchange rate as it is with the US dollar, I could not afford to stay in the 4 star hotels I have stayed in before. Compared to the high-priced hotels this hotel was a great bargain! The Luna and Simone is in a great semi-residential area with great shops and restaurants close by. I highly recommend Mekong, a Vietnamese/Thai restaurant around the corner on Denbigh St. The Pimlico tube is a 5-minute walk away and the #24 bus stops right across the street. We stayed in room #1 on the basement level (where the breakfast room is) and it was very quiet and clean. There was plenty of room for 3 people and the bathroom was a good size. It was kept very clean. The free breakfast is a great perk given the high cost of dining in London! All in all, I would definitely stay here again. It is not a luxury hotel so if that is what you are looking for you will be disappointed but at $210 a night for 3 people this was a GREAT bargain!	
May 18 2008	Over-rated	My husband and I just returned from a 2 week vacation in Europe, the last two nights in London at the Luna &amp; Simone.We travel extensively and while I don't think this hotel is horrible, I can't believe it's in the top 10 of all the hotels in London.Yes, hotels in Europe are small. The bathroom was fine and almost as big as the double room. The room was tiny with very old furniture. While it appeared clean, my husband and I were covered with bites that we noticed on the flight home. Bed bugs?There's also no lift so you should be prepared for that.The owners and staff were friendly and the location very convenient. After 2 weeks in Europe with a weak dollar, we were trying to save some money. You get what you pay for. I wouldn't stay there again.	
May 18 2008 	Deserving of its high rating	The breakfast dining room is located at the lowest level of the terrace building.The styling is contemporary minimalist, with everything clean, neat and in place. Fellow travellers are enjoying their bacon and eggs and planning their day's adventures.The friendly owner takes your breakfast order and walks back into one of the two entrances to the kitchen. Before you have a chance to blink he comes out of the other entrance with the breakfast order for the table behind you. This is quick service. Where does he get the energy ? No sooner have you asked the question of yourself, then he returns to go back in the ktichen and is out again serving another meal. This is extraordinary.Suddenly he is at your side with your order and as you look up and thank him, you notice out of the corner of your eye that he is also walking up the stairs on your right. How many ales did I really have the night before?Yes there are two of them - twins - although one is ten minutes older than the other so they insist they weren't born at the same time. It makes for some interesting times at breakfast, trying to tell them apart.We enjoyed three mornings here, and each time the breakfasts were consistently good ( although the same each day - but that is not a criticism).The hotel itself is well maintained and although the rooms are small, they and the bathrooms are kept clean and refreshed each day. Let's face it - when you are in London you should be out sightseeing or taking in shows etc rather than being in your room for any longer than you need to sleep and to get ready.The hotel has a bus stop directly outside the front door and another directly across the road for heading in the opposite direction. Victoria Station is a 10 to 15 minute walk away. We found it an ideal base from which to see the sights of London, on this our 5th trip to the capital.One block around the corner is a cluster of various small shops where you can get food and basics as well as a laundromat if needed.Luna and Simone is not a luxury hotel, but what it offers is excellent value - clean, equipped with essentials, friendly and efficient staff, good location, and based on our experience and what we have read a wonderful consistency in what it provides. On our next trip to London, we would automatically make this our choice for accommodation.Plus, where else can you play the Which Twin is Which Guessing Game?	
May 13 2008 	A great place to stay in London	I am a budget traveler and stayed at Luna &amp; Simone Hotel during my 7-days in London. I picked this hotel because of its high ranking and relatively low price. I stayed in a single-room with shared bathroom on the first floor. The room is small but comfy (with tv, safe, kettle, tea, and a light switch right beside the bed). Bathroom is very cleaned and which is even better is I am only sharing that with another person. Breakfast is good and keep me energized for the rest of the days. Since this hotel is very close to the Victoria station and have a bus stop right in front of the entrance, it is very handy to get to any attraction sites or areas in London. I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends.	
May 12 2008	Great choice central safe clean and friendly	Great little hotel. A double and twin with a balcony and bathroom which I have stayed in are great value for the location at anything under £80. Also stayed in a small single with shared bathroom for £50. It was actually fine also, with a bathroom right outside the door only shared with one other single room. It's a basic little hotel but you can't beat it for cleanliness and friendliness. It's clearly a family business which explains why they take care in cleaning the hotel and dealing with customers. Excellent safe central area to stay in within easy reach of all London sites and nice breakfast. Having stayed in other similarly priced hotels in London I think this one deservese 5* in comparison.	
May 10 2008 	`Will definitely be back!!!!	Having spent weeks searching the internet for a hotel in London, we settled on the Luna Simone on the Belgrave Road. We were looking for a place with good links to the city centre, with breakfast included and value for money (in a city where hotels are way over priced!). I found the Luna Simone thanks to the Tripadvisor website and was very happy with my choice.We travelled from Stansted airport with the Terravision bus to Victoria station and from there the hotel was a short walk over Eccleston Bridge and down Belgrave Road.Our room was on the ground floor nearest tot he reception desk so thankfully we didn't have to haul our bags up the stairs! We never heard any noise form the street in front either. The room was on the small side but immaculately clean with the most comfortable bed I've slept in while on holidays. There was a much needed fan over the bed (weather was roasting!) and a good sized safe in the wardrobe. Breakfast was great and filled us up for the day.Free internet access was a bonus too.Number 24 bus stops outside the hotel and goes in the direction of Westminister, Trafalgar Square and beyond so that was handy but we mainly used the Tube from Pimlico station and got a day ticket each day.Belgrave seemed to be a very quiet area, lots of lovely local bars and restaurants and plenty of nearby shops for bottled water etc.Overall we had a very pleasant experience at the Luna Simone. For location and value it is top notch. I like to travel and have been abroad 5 times in the past 11 months and so I feel that I have alot to compare this hotel to.I would definitely recommend it and will be back again before the end of the year.	
May 8 2008	Always a good stay at Luna 	This was our second stay at the Luna &amp; Simone and we were not disappointed.The bedrooms and bathrooms are always spotless. Crisp, clean linen on the beds, fresh towels everyday and a sparkling shower (with water pressure!! Not found everywhere in the UK)We were on the top floor which gave us lots of exercise, but we didn't mind. It was quiet and the bed, comfortably firm.Breakfasts are always good at Luna &amp; Simone, with the staff/owners friendly and always have time for their customers.The location is perfect for walking, busing and tubing around London.This is my choice in London!	
May 5 2008 	Like our friends home	I stayed at Luna &amp; Simone for 3 nights and I subscribe everything that was said on the other reviews.It's true rooms are small, but enough for what you need (You don't go to London to stay in the hotel room, so...), but everything was clean, what's for me the most important thing.Rooms are warm, have TV, tea and coffee, hair dryer, free safe box and it's possible to borough an adaptor plug for electricity.English Breakfast was wonderful, tasty and served with sympathy between 7:00h and 8:30h, which is good to wake you up to London activity.The neighbourhood seemed to me very peaceful and easy to reach from Pimlico tube station, even at night.I recommend	
May 3 2008 	Nice but in the top 10 hotels in London???!	We stayed at this hotel while stopping through London. I have had experience with various hotels in London and lived there for a brief time so I know what to expect when it comes to room size, etc. Maybe my hopes were too high from these reviews. For 90 pounds a night, we got a clean tiny room with a clean tiny bathroom. I asked for a quiet room and we were put under the stairs for the 1st night. It sounded like a herd of elephants were stomping constantly until midnight and then started up at 6 am. Nevertheless, I slept very little. I complained and was nicely put on the top floor. After moving, the experience was much better. This room was even smaller, but at least quiet. On the pro side, the breakfast was excellent and very fast. The location was also great off of Pimlico tube stop. The hotel also offers free internet. Overall, good experience but this hotel definitely doesnt need to be in the top ten. I dont know if I stay there again.	
Apr 20 2008 	The cleanest hotel anywhere!	This was a first for us - not booking into a large chain or recognisable name. However, we were far from disappointed.Ok the room wasn't the largest and the breakfast wasn't a plush buffet but for the price it was all excellent. The owners were friendly and very helpful. Good central location cut the cost of travel whilst in London. We would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Apr 13 2008 	Had a great stay!	After 1 night at a terrible, non service minded place, we checked out and moved to Luna&amp;Simone Hotel. Coming here was a haven. A bit small(but, hey it's London) but very clean room with a great bathroom(tiled). The staff is super friendly and even stored some kimchi for us in their fridge, even though they knew it's really smelly (I'm sure they put it in some air tight container). People at the reception were always smiling and helpful. Breakfast was great and it was possible tho choose full english breakfast or continental. The place is centrally located....close to Victoria station.	
Apr 10 2008 	A gem of a hotel	This is an excellent value for a pleasure or business stay in London. I had already stayed in London in an equally priced hotel in Notting Hill--filthy and delapidated--and was prepared for the worst. Much to my surprise, the HLS is a spotless and charming property in a convenient area, well served by taxis and buses.My room (no. 8) was light and airy, with a large balcony. My business partner, an elderly man, stayed in no. 17, as we thought it would be nicer being on an upper floor. Though adequate and clean, it was, by comparison, less appealing.Great showers, excellent breakfast and a very helpful staff. In particular, Peter, one of the two owners (twin brothers, by the way), was always attentive and seemed interested in us as people, an unusual occurence. One small flaw: no elevator, so you must take your luggage upstairs on your own. All in all, a superb place to stay for the money and the service included.	
Apr 8 2008 	Spotless and well maintained	This was my first stay at the Luna Simone. I used the TripAdvisor reviews to select it, and later found out that a friend has been staying here for 30 years. The room was small, but well appointed. I shared a spotless bath, but what impressed me most was how well maintained everything was. It almost looked like new construction.The staff was friendly and helpful. Making a reservation was not stressful, and my request for a low floor room was honored. All in all, great value for the money.	
Apr 6 2008 	Cute hotel	The hotel was located about a 3 minute walk to the Pimlico Underground stop. We made the mistake of getting off the Victoria stop the first time and had to walk about 10 minutes in the rain to the hotel. The hotel is recently updated and charming. The room was clean, updated, and small. There are no elevators so we had to haul our luggage up 6 flights of stairs, but by that time we had been travelling for a day, were soaked and we started laughing at the situation.I guess the walls or floors are thin because my husband and I were awakened in the night by someone snoring.The breakfast was good and the staff friendly. There is a free computer with internet for guests.	
Apr 4 2008 	A Haven	This was my second stay at Luna &amp; Simone and it is still the same peaceful, clean haven.Three tube stops from Oxford Circus and you can emerge into the relatively calm, village-like atmosphere of Pimlico with it's local restaurants and shops.On a cold, rainy evening, we went just around the corner to eat at Grumbles, a sixties throw-back with excellent food which we heartily recommend.I seriously doubt that, for the money, there is a better or friendlier hotel in central London. Ok, the rooms aren't enormous but they are clean and comfortable and have everything you need.My only complaint is the nasty powdered milk provided for tea/coffee	
Apr 3 2008 	A Great Little Hotel	My wife and I stayed in this Hotel after reding favourable reviews on TA. We were not disapointed. Our room was smallish but adequate for our needs. The whole Hotel is spotless and in a very good state of repair and decoration. The Staff are very friendly and the food was very good too even if the breakfast choice was a bit limited. The location of the Hotel is excellent and we ate one night at the Goya restaurant which was just a few hundred metres form the Hotel. My one negative comment is that there was no lift so if you have a problem with stairs, then make sure you book a ground floor room. Overall this place is a Gem that is very reasonably priced.	
Mar 31 2008 	Handy and friendly	We stayed here when visiting various exhibitions in London.We struggled to find somewhere convenient and at a reasonable price, and found this hotel on Tripadvisor. The reports are accurate. It is a clean and friendly hotel in Victoria. The room was a bit small but it was clean, and the breakfast was fine. The twins, owners of the hotel, chatted with us over breakfast and we saw the kids going off to school. Much nicer than a chain hotel.One tip: take the bus (24) to get here. It stops outside the hotel and passes many of London's top attractions en route.	
Mar 28 2008 	Good choice	We stayed for 3 nights during February half-term. This was our 2nd stay in this hotel and we were not disappointed. The family are friendly and helpful. Breakfast is good, though on our 3rd day I didn't want bacon, egg and beans again. I asked if I could have fruit juice, cornflakes and a yogurt, plus toast. They were more than happy to comply. (Yogurt is not listed on their menu, but you only have to ask).Our only (minor) gripe was that we were on the top floor (about 80 stairs) and there is no lift. Fortunately, we are two fit 60year olds and by the end of the stay we returned after heavy sightseeing on foot, laughing at the thought of having to go 'mountaineering' before we could have a rest. We were at the back of the hotel and found it very quiet. Our daughter has booked to stay there in May and is quite looking forward to it. It has an excellent reputation, in a lovely area of London, though I understand there are hotels in Belgrave Road that are not to be recommended! No such problem with Luna &amp; Simone.	
Mar 28 2008 	love it !	Did research on trip advisor prior to our trip to London and Paris. Booked through European Destinations and requested the Luna &amp; Simone due to reviews. Just as posted was not dissapointed at all. Good location, nice pubs and restaurants , grocery store and shopping mall area near by and walked to Victoria Station where you can catch everything! Underground, Double Decker buses and trains. The rooms were very clean and plenty of room for 2 of us with twin beds. Breakfast every morning was perfect to get going and served in their very clean, clean dining room area. This family run, friendly, nice and clean hotel was great. Owned by brothers and all the family is involved with the establishment. When I return to London I won't bother looking elsewhere I will just call the Luna &amp; Simone and book with them again.	
Mar 27 2008 	Great value near Victoria Station	Just returned from a trip to England where I spent one night at the Luna &amp; Simone. I stayed in a double room with my husband on the second floor facing the front street. Reception was very kind and helpful getting us checked in. The room size was actually quite nice by European standards. We had a very clean room and bathroom with a comfortable double bed and a balcony overlooking Belgrave Road. We were not at all bothered by street noise. For 80 pounds a night this really was a great choice for us. Breakfast is included however we did not make it down for that due in part to some cider sampling at a great little restaurant/pub around the corner called Chimes. This place had a huge array of ciders, once you've worn yourself out on real ale. There is also a computer for public use which was helpful in some last minute planning. The hotel is situated between Victoria Station and Pimlico station, but I recommend getting around via the Pimlico tube since the Victoria is rather hectic and crowded. I sincerely hope to return to this wonderful little hotel.	
Mar 23 2008 	Highly Recommended	My husband and I stayed at the Luna and Simone for 7 nights last week. We can't say enough good things about this hotel. It is clean, bright and well-priced. It is owned and managed by two friendly brothers and their families. It's location is excellent. The Number 24 bus stops right outside the door. Victoria Station is a 10-15 minute walk. The Victoria Palace and the Apollo Victoria Theatres are close by. (We saw &quot;Wicked&quot; - great show!) Good restaurants and cafes are handy too. Enjoyed our breakfasts in the spotless and well-light breakfast room. The free internet access was a welcome bonus. We took a National Express bus non-stop to/from Heathrow to Victoria Coach Station. It was a 15 minute walk from the Coach Station. (A cab from the hotel to the Coach Station cost 4 pounds.) The coach fare to or from Heathrow is only 4 pounds per person - much cheaper than the Heathrow Express and it takes less than an hour - no Tubes to deal with our luggage. We would stay there again in a heartbeat!	
Mar 22 2008 	Wish I Could Give More Than Five Stars	We stayed at the Luna &amp; Simone Hotel March 13-March 18, 2008! We found this lovely hotel by reading TripAdvisor reviews and I'm so glad we did. What a wonderful find! The family that owns this hotel bends over backwards to please. Pimlico station is close by and also the &quot;Young England Kindergarten&quot; at Saint Saviors Church where Princess Diana worked while she was dating Prince Charles...all within a short walk.; it is centrally located; has cafe's, pubs, restaurants...anything you need close by. The breakfast is very good...the toast was very hot and they had a great selection of jams/jellies/marmalades. The food is really good; loved their bean, bacon and egg breakfast. The rooms are small but it is London. The rooms are small but functional and extremely clean. The shower worked very well and there was plenty of hot water. There is a great oscillating fan anchored up over the beds which we liked. There is tea/coffee fixings in the room and the coffee is good! I can't say enough good things about this hotel. When we come to London later this year, we are booking our stay at the Luna-Simone. Thank goodness for TripAdvisor for letting us in on this wonderful and inexpensive hotel.	
Mar 22 2008 	Lovely :)	Great location, very friendly staff, clean and comfortable room. I booked based on the recommendations on here. I was staying on a business trip and requested a quiet room - surely enough, my room was at the back of the hotel and I couldn't hear a thing. Room was small if you're used to Travel Lodges etc but was a reasonable size if you travel on a budget usually. Breakfast was better than I expected and service was quick. A really lovely little hotel, for business or pleasure.	
Mar 19 2008 	Outstanding Cleanliness Value and Location	We wanted to stay at a central location in London and the Luna &amp; Simone was one of the hotels that fell within our search area. We then checked out the reviews on Trip Advisor and decided to book. We certainly were not dissapointed. The location is ideal. A short walk to transit and many important sight seeing locations. This is absolutely one of the cleanest hotels I've ever stayed in! The breakfast is very good and served by Management which gives you a chance to talk to the owners. The management and staff are outstanding and very friendly. They can assist you with your site seeing plans with no additional charge to you and in fact probably save you money. We got our London Bus Tour tickets through the hotel at less than Vendor rate. We are already thinking about our next trip to the Uk and Europe and the Luna &amp; Simone is the London hotel we will be staying at!If you are going to London, we reccomend the luna &amp; Simone.	
Mar 17 2008 	Perfectly happy here	A semi-budget facility, offering full service. The location is great with two Tube stations not more that 10 minutes away each, as well as the Thames ferry being about 12 minutes away.Even better, the 24 bus stopped right at the door. And you can see so much more of the city from the top of a bus. This one foes to Westminster, Trafalgar and out to the British Museum.Very clean, nicely appointed, great staff. The room was a bit small, but the bathroom was good sized ... which at our age is the more welcome.Limited television station availability. But, again, not what we come to London for.Breakfast was adequate, but it never varied : eggs, beans, bacon, toast and juice. Oh, you could have corn flakes instead of eggs and bacon, or you could have a slice of cold ham and one of cheese. We settled on boiled eggs, toast , bacon and juice...and made bacon and toast sandwiches for lunch.Given the prices of hotels in London, I would recommend this to everyone.Oh, and the Internet was free. (But I don't think they had wireless.)	
Mar 6 2008 	Best Hot Chocolate in London!	Our family of four was fortunate to stay at Luna Simone this past Fall. I can fully confirm all the wonderful reviews that have been posted to date. Can't imagine a better location - many good restaurants and shops nearby, easy access to public transport, and a safe clean neighborhood. The staff and owners are wonderful and went out of their way to make our stay the most enjoyable we've had in London. Our son Liam, who is a bit of a connoisseur, believes Peter makes the best hot chocolate on the planet.	
Mar 3 2008 	Great and familier!	We stayed for 3 days with my wife in this hotel (13-14-15- February 2008.) We can write the best opinion only! Everything is done for you, very familiar staff (owners), very clean rooms, delicious full breakfast, etc. Good location and possibility for public transport. Double door to our room against noise, we liked it! The twins owners (sorry I don't know their name) were very-very kind and helpful. They were big surprise for us, just like in films, because we didn't know that they're twins. In the first morning at breakfast they brought the foods separetely and we beleived that the same man but in different cloths changed frequently. Then suddenly they came in together and we laughed a lot!We offer this hotel to everyone, excellent choice!Mr. and Mrs. VeresMiskolc, Hungarye-mail: laszloveres@chello.hu	
Feb 26 2008 	In Top 10 For GOOD Reason!	My teenage daughter and I just returned from a wonderful trip to London and Paris which involved a four night stay at this wonderful top 10 hotel in London. The reviews that follow this one are absolutely spot on. I selected this hotel from the Trip Advisor reviews and am very pleased with the results.The location of this hotel is perfect to accommodate any need from holiday to business. The accessibility to the Tube (Victoria is 5 minutes and Pimlico is 3 minutes) as well as the fact that the No. 24 bus line (24 hour service) is literally at the doorstep of the Luna &amp; Simone and within 2 stops you are dropped at the entrance door to Victoria Rail Station. The ease of navigating one of the busiest and confusing cities on the planet was incredible from this hotel.The rooms, as stated in all of the other reviews, are clean, comfortable and welcoming. While we did not have the need for internet connectivity, I am certain with the helpfulness of the management at this hotel, I would have had no problem gaining access but being on holiday actually meant no laptop, for once, which was a treat. For the rate paid, we were very happy with the accommodations.Being in London during the half-term holiday break meant that there were few vacancies anywhere in London so we were happy to have this hotel available. We actually returned to London in transit from Paris back to the US and were not able to book this lovely jewel again which forced us to book at a neighboring hotel which was a major disappointment. Believe me when I say, I have a comparative study and Luna &amp; Simone is superb.The Full English Breakfast that is offered is a delightful and perfect way to start each day. The management/ownership team that greeted us each morning made our stay all the more memorable. They always had a smile and kind comment as well as many recommondations for what to do and where to go. We were in need of a cell phone SIM chip and they were eager to assist with a recommondation to a wonderful little shop to buy what we needed, right around the corner from the hotel.Keep in mind that when you are traveling to London, you will spend most of your time out and about so having a safe, clean, friendly, warm and welcoming place to return to each night is a treat that even the largest, chain hotels could never achieve.The Luna &amp; Simone is in the Top 10 London hotels for VERY good reason. The twin hotels are a perfect homebase for any London traveler and you will not be disappointed.Cheers!!!	
Feb 22 2008 	a return visit and even better	Found this gem of a hotel a year ago, then was impressed. Sometimes when going back you are let down, but not here. Same high standard. Clean, good value for money, and the 24 bus is better than any sight seeing tour. I walked to all the sights from here, along the Thames or up to St james park.The Owners friendly and have hands on approach to running hotel, and it shows.Street facing room but not a problem with street noise. Was problem with Radiator but as soon as mentioned it fan heater put in room.great attention to detail. Bathrooms super clean and HOT hot water, good bed . After a long day hot shower and good bed at reasonable price.Will be back again next time am in London	
Feb 19 2008 	Great Little Hotel	My wife and I stayed at Luna &amp; Simone for 3 nights in February 2008 and thought the value was excellent. The rooms are smallish but very clean and there's plenty of hot water. The included breakfast is superior to what we expected. If you have a lot of luggage please note there are no lifts. Execellent location in a relatively quiet area and close enought to walk to Victoria Station. Enjoy your stay. We can't wait to return!	
Feb 19 2008 	Just as expected!	After all of the rave reviews on Trip Advisor, my husband and I decided to try Luna &amp; Simone for our trip to London. This truly is a GREAT value in London. (We previously stayed at the Darlington, but their prices have greatly increased.)Instead of paying a huge sum of $$ for the Heathrow Express, we took the National Express bus to Victoria Coach station for only 8 pounds per person (round trip). A 50 minute ride from Heathrow, without any traffic. Very comfortable bus with a bathroom as well. Then from Victoria Coach station, it is about a 10-15 minute walk to Luna &amp; Simone. It's not the easiest hotel to find on a map, but we made it with no problems.The rooms are a sunny yellow, but definitely could have used a coat of paint (lots of black wall scratches from luggage being moved around). We stayed in Room 11 that faced the main road, Belgrave. The windows are not well insulated and the street noise is quite clear, as well as the wind whistling against the window panes. But it's not something a pair of earplugs can't fix. The radiator pumped out a lot of heat, that can be manually adjusted. The bed was quite hard, but after multiple days of sightseeing, a welcome place to relax.The bathroom was small, very clean with fantastic water pressure in the shower for a hotel - both my husband and I were impressed. As the previous reviewer suggested, bring your own toiletries. We were provided only with a couple small bars of soap and two plastic pouches of shampoo. (Don't forget your own washcloths!) Fresh towels provided daily.There are plenty of outlets in the room for plugging in your various electronics, bring your own adaptor. Ladies - the hairdryer is tough to maneuver as you have to hold the switch down the entire time you are drying. As well, if you have thick hair like me, the dryer overheats quite frequently. Bring your own if you can.Breakfast was served in the bright, cheery breakfast room and was quite good. Choice of OJ or corn flakes...English breakfast or 2 boiled eggs and toast, coffee or tea. The coffee was very tasty as well.For the money, this was a great bargain in London...I would definitely recommend to those folks who don't want to spend a lot of time in their hotel room, but want a comfortable, clean and affordable place to stay.	
Feb 19 2008 	Great stay at Luna Simone	My husband and I stayed at Luna Simone between 15th and 17th February. We were greeted with a warm welcome. Throughout our stay nothing was too much trouble for the staff. We arrived earlier than check in but were still able to drop off our case and get on with our sight seeing.The room was small, but perfect for what we needed (even extra pillows in the wardrobe). Everything was spotless and well maintained. The shower was superb! It was also nice to have clean towels every day. Overall it was great value for money, especially having a good breakfast in with the price. The location is great for two tube stations, Victoria station and some famous attractions. I would not hesiate to recommend this hotel for anybody staying in London. The area has some nice local places to eat and drink as well as being close to two theatres and of course the tube and train stations. Thank you Luna Simone, its nice to get good value for money in London!	
Feb 17 2008 	Great value for money	I have just returned from a 3 night stay in London and my friend from the USA and I stayed at the Luna and Simone hotel. For the money we paid I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Although the rooms are tiny they are spotlessly clean and comfortable. Our room had a hairdryer, tea &amp; coffee making facilities and a safe, all of which were included in the cost of the room. The beds were really comfortable and the bedding was also spotless and new looking. The bathroom was fabulous.....it looked newly refurbished and was beautifully tiled. There was no mould or mildew anywhere and there was plenty of hot water and the water pressure was good. Breakfast here is included in the price of your room and whilst not having the most extensive menu ever it was very appetising, filling and tasty!The staff here are wonderful, very friendly and helpful. I had forgotten my phone charger and they managed to provide me with one so I didn't have to go out and buy one and they were also able to lend my friend an American adaptor and convertor. The location of the hotel was great, only a 5 minute walk from Victoria station and within walking distance of Westminster Abbey. If I had one moan it would be that the walls between the rooms are very thin and you can hear what is going on next door (we had the snorer from hell next to us!) but having said that everyone was considerate and kept the noise down.I would definitely stay here again and whilst it is not the Ritz it is excellent value for money.	
Feb 13 2008 	SUPERB!!!!!	My friends and I have just returned from a short London Trip, and this was our choice of hotel from reading reviews on 'Trip Advisor'. We were NOT disappointed. Our main priority was cleanliness and value for money - the hotel excelled in both areas. Between us we had three twin rooms; all 'spotless'! We had fresh towels each day, comfortable beds with nice clean linen and decent pillows. The staff were welcoming and friendly - special thanks to Tony for sorting our rooms and directions to a superb local Indian for an enjoyable meal ;-) Breakfast is hot, good honest food, and you pass the 'spotless' kitchen (with no doors - don't find that very often) so you can see where your food is cooked. All in all fantastic hotel, great location, and without doubt this would be my first choice of accommodation for any future visits.	
Feb 12 2008 	Great value great location great everything	After extensive research on affordable hotels in London, I came to the conclusion this is the best value in the city, and booked accordingly. Because we were staying for a full week, we received 6 nights for the price of 5, apparently a common practice in London if you know to ask for it.The hotel was definitely &quot;no frills,&quot; but it was affordable, clean, and convenient. The free breakfast was very good and filling, but it was served a little early in the morning for our schedule. The night bus stopped right in front of the property, which made it easy to get back even after a long night. It was within walking distance of two tube stops, including Victoria Station. Also a long but do-able walk away from Buckingham Palace.Anyone staying here should be aware that while towels are provided, guests must provide their own soaps and shampoos. Also, like many European hotels, there is no elevator.	
Feb 12 2008 	Really nice pleasantly surprised!!!	I really liked this hotel. It's not too far away from Victoria mainline/tube station and very handy for getting in/out of London due to the Victoria Coach Station being so near. The hotel is really in the Pimlico end of Vicoria but that shouldn't pose a problem for anyone as everything really is that close. The rooms were really clean, the bathroom/shower was really clean and you can't really ask for more than that - even the windows were spotless!! I would definitely return there again, the staff were pleasant, friendly and helpful (however, I feel like I shouldn't say that, to keep this little gem hidden!)	
Feb 10 2008 	Affordable clean friendly central.	My girlfriend and I spent 3 nights at Luna &amp; Simone in early Feb '08 and the hotel was perfect for our needs.We were on a budget so to find a well-thought of hotel at this price (£75 per night for double room) and in this location was a real bonus. The hotel itself was perfect. Situated halfway down Belgrave Road, in between Victoria and Pimlico underground stops, it is the perfect base from which to explore London.Our double room was of a decent size and included a tv with about a dozen channels. It also had tea-making facilities but no mini-bar. The bathroom was very clean and looked rather new, with the shower always hot. The room was cleaned every morning and fresh sheets and towels supplied.The very tasty and filling breakfast stops being served at 08:30, which was a tad early but at least it ensured we didn't sleep-in, and with so much to see in the City we couldnt afford to.The hotel is ten minutes walk from the Tate Britain, another 5 from Westminster, London Eye, Westminster Abbey, and only a short skip from there is Tate Modern, MOMI etc etc. And with the underground being so close, expansive and frequent Luna and Simone really is a great place from which to visit further afield attractions.I would definately recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a cheaper stay in London	
Feb 8 2008 	Nice hotel great location	Nice basic hotel in a great spot for sight seeing. Friendly staff, clean but small rooms, nice breakfast.	
Jan 24 2008 	Great spot!	What a great spot! The N24 bus picks up directly in front of the hotel and takes you to Victoria, making it very easy to get around London. Rooms are small but tidy. Staff is very friendly and gave several great nearby places to eat and drink. Great free breakfast if you get up early. I'd be careful if you have a problem with stairs, there's no elevator and we had to hike our heavy luggage up to the fifth floor. WELL worth the money. Highly recommended!	
Jan 21 2008 	We will return to this hotel	We stayed here in June 2005. We plan to return this Spring. We loved this hotel. The rooms are very clean and the staff was very friendly. We had a double bed room with the glass walk in shower. I would stay here again for the shower alone. It's in a great neighborhood, close to all transportation and a great pub around the corner. Oh, and the breakfast is great too!	
Jan 20 2008 	Not as good as the rating would suggest	Despite the title of this review let me say one thing first, it is outstanding value. 10 minutes walk from Victoria station in one direction and 10 minutes walk to the Thames in the other direction. I paid just £65 ($130) for a stay on a Monday night after booking through a link from Tripadvisor.The hotel is located in the City of Westminster and as such there is nothing &quot;rough&quot; in the area. The front facade reminded me of a row of Embassies or Consulates.Now for the main problem I encountered. Both my partner and I are disabled although ambulant. This was indicated when we booked the room the previous week. On arrival we had been allocated a double room on the third floor (US 4th). With two flights of stairs between each floor. My partner asked if there was a lift available or a room on a lower floor - unfortunately there was neither. However, I think that the young gentleman on reception took pity on us both when he saw the difficulty we were having walking and swapped us to a triple room on the first floor (US 1st) and offered to carry our bags up the stairs. An outstanding bit of customer service on the one part but also it was nearly 10pm and probably unlikely that the larger room would be needed for the one night we were staying.The room itself can be best described as compact. A double bed and a single bed. It was clean and tidy but the walls were marked with what appeared to be plastic scuffs from shoes, bags and cases. The storage was sufficient and there was the usual hairdryer, kettle, television and telephone. Wireless internet is available at £5($10) for each 24 hour period.The bathroom was very compact. A WC, sink and shower - the only way to get into the shower is to enter the bathroom, turn around, shut the door and then walk into the shower. There were plenty of good quality towels. Two criticisms of the bathroom were that it probably needed a &quot;deep&quot; clean and there is nothing at all to aid disabled guests needing help with balance, just a couple of grab rails would have helped.Breakfast the next morning was fine - my partner just wanted a couple of well cooked eggs on toast instead of the bacon egg and beans and the two brothers that own the hotel were only too happy to oblige. Extra toast and tea/coffee were offered although not needed.On balance, if you're not disabled then it's a nice little place. However if you can't manage stairs or have particularly heavy bags then you may struggle with the stairs. Counter this with a maximum rate of £130 ($260) for a room that sleeps 4 and you get breakfast thrown in.	
Jan 15 2008	Nice quiet area	A very nice little hotel in a good, fairly quiet area. Close to the river, within walking distance of lots of places of interest, and handy for underground, buses and small shops/restaurants. Room cosy, extremely clean, light and well maintained throughout. Friendly, helpful management. Cooked breakfast and tea making facilities in the room is a bonus for a London hotel in this price bracket.	
Jan 15 2008 	Best Hotel I have ever stayed at!	I LOVED THIS HOTEL. My friend and I were staying in London from December 30th, 2007 until January 6th, 2008. One whole week in London. I was very excited when I found this hotel on tripadvisor and with the rating I had HIGH expections and the hotel met everyone of them. I have worked at hotels before so I know what to look for in a clean room and what type of service is expected from hotels and I have to say this hotel is one of the best I have stayed at or worked at. The rooms are CLEAN, a big thing for me. I tired to look for things wrong but its clean. The staff are great. The have breakfast from 7am-8:30am and it was wonderful. If you are a picky eater, talk to the staff and see if you can get something not on the menu. If they have it they are more than willing to give it to you. I loved when they gave me more OJ for breakfast. The front desk is willing to answer any questions and give directions and something my friend and I loved was they have a computer (NOT WIRELESS) but a desktop in a closet room for customers to use. So you have to share it with the entire hotel but my friend and I were always able to get on and be able to email our family back home. Something I loved. Ususally hotels charge a fee for using a computer like I had to do in Edinburgh but no this hotel was free. Computer hours are from 7am until 11pm. I am telling all those people out there if you are looking for a hotel in London go to the Luna and Simone hotel. Great service, clean rooms and being 4-5 minute walk from Victoria Station makes getting around London easy. 20 minute walk to Big Ben, so it was nice for New Years getting back to our hotel. I have read some of the ''Complaints'' that other customers have made about Luna and Simone hotel and 95% of them I could tell our not travelers or they have expections that no hotel can give. Trust me some of the complaints you have to read between the lines and listen to the type of person. This hotel is 5 out of 5 for me and should be higher in ranking of hotel in all of London. Just be careful when you are making your way to the hotel. My friend and I got confused and head the wrong direction because we exited the wrong side of the station and walked around with our heavy bags for awhile.	
Jan 15 2008 	Loved the hotel	I stayed at a small single room without bath/toilet. Even though I had to share a bathroom, it was very clean and always available because it was shared only between me and a person staying at the next single room. The hotel staff were very helpful and charming. Location was good too. It was close enough to walk from tube, bus stops and Victoria station. I do recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Jan 10 2008 	We will defnitely return!	We found this hotel on trip advisor, and booked straight away.We received a very warm and friendly welcome from the owners.Our room on the first floor was spotlessly clean and despite facing the main road, was extremely quiet at night.Room was of an adequate size for a short trip.Tea and coffee were provided, and the bathroom facilities were excellent, with a great power shower.Good breakfast with fresh bacon and eggs to start the day!All in all an excellent stay, and we would certainly return.	
Jan 10 2008 	Excellent stay!!	I stayed at the Luna and Simone hotel in December based on the reviews on this website and it was exactly as I expected. The rooms were small however all London hotel rooms are and they were exceptionally clean and comfortable. The bathroom was spotless as described by many on this site and after a long trip from Perth to London it was fantastic to be able to take a long hot shower! The staff could not have been more helpful and the location is excellent for a short stay as it is convenient to everything. I will definitely recommend this hotel to all my friends and family and will be staying there again next time I head to London!!	
Jan 8 2008 	Great stay at Luna 	Family of four-parents and two teenagers-booked with hotel after reading reviews here; we were very pleased with this hotel. We stayed here Dec 07/Jan 08 for four nights in a quad room which had three beds, with two singles for the kids and a large double for parents. Beds were comfortable, and room and bathroom were very clean. Bathroom had very good sized shower, and plenty of hot water.Breakfast was good-basic British egg/bacon/beans/toast and was served hot and fast. Area around the hotel is nice; found a great pub just down the street. Subway is very convenient, and Victoria station is about a 15 minute walk; if you're flying into Gatwick and are traveling light, take Gatwick Express to Victoria and the subway to Pimlico will get you within a five minute walk of hotel.Finally, the hotel is directly on the #24 bus route-and this is a fantastic bonus! This bus travels past Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, Parliament, etc-while taking you directly to the West End theatre district. We rode the bus frequently; we enjoyed seeing the sights from the top level of the double-decker bus.We would recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Jan 4 2008 	Great place for our group of 9 including kids	We had 6 adults &amp; 3 children in our group &amp; were given three rooms together downstairs. They were perfect! Very clean with fresh linen daily &amp; shampoo etc readily available.We all used the biggest room as a base as it was quite a large room &amp; we even had our own small outdoor area. Breakfast was great,cereal,juice,toast &amp; choice of 2 or 3 cooked items. The VERY helpful staff even made the kids a hot chocolate which went down very well! Around the corner was a large supermarket which also sold ready cooked meals so those on a budget can take things back to their room, but there was also quite a few reasonably priced restaurants close by . We traveled by train around London &amp; the station was an easy 10 - 15 min walk. We all loved this hotel &amp; wonderful staff &amp; will recommend it to anyone staying in London	
Jan 3 2008 	great hotel	We've just returned from a 3 nights at the Luna Simone hotel.It is excellently priced, and very well located just a few minutes from Pimlico station... only 3 min walking. From Victoria in about 10 min. We were in the Simone part of the hotel, the room was little (as in all the english hotel of this category) but spotless clean, the private ensuite bathroom was refurbished and very very clean.Breakfast is ok, above all for ones who eat english breakfast. Nice breakfast room.There is free internet access for the guest s until 11pm.The staff is nice, kind and helpful.All the hotel has a cosy atmosphere.The road is lovely, with the useful bus number 24 direct to the city center that stops in front of the hotel.Around the hotel there is full of pubs, restaurants and 24hs shops.	
Dec 25 2007 	The fantastic Luna 	My wife and I are very satisfaied of this hotel. Located in a very queit area, remarkable for the cleaning of the room and the fantastic staff to whom we want to give many many thanks. It's also located near the underground station of Pimlico.We come from Italy and we'll be very lucky to find, at about ten meters far from the Hotel, an extraordinary italian restaurant: O Sole Mio. For the next holiday in London I'll come back! Certanly!Leonardo Battiato.P.S. Sorry if my English isn't perfecet.	
Dec 20 2007 	A warm friendly and comfortable experience	A great small hotel.Spotlessly clean, in a good position with very friendly staff who try to do everything to make your stay enjoyable and happy to help with advice about where to go and how to get there.The rooms are European size so they are small but adequate and with decent beds, linen and heating. The breakfast is generous and tasty and the hotel is situated near lots of small reasonably priced restaurants. This hotel is great value and I would highly recommend it. We stayed with our three teenage boys and were very happy.(There is also a laundromatte just round the corner).It was our first booking via a tripadvisor recommendation and we were very happy.	
Dec 19 2007 	Reasonable but not exceptional.	Nice reception, helpful staff. Very large room with little garden just out a door. All necessary facilities, bathroom very small though.However i wasnt over impressed because we were situated right beside the breakfast area and the stairwell so we got some disturbance from that.other than that not too bad, breakfast was good too.Little bit of a walk from the nearest tube station.	
Dec 18 2007 	Good value basic hotel	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Luna Simone hotel. It is excellently priced, and very well located just a few minutes walk from Victoria station. There are a myriad of restaurants/cafes/pubs within a couple of mins walk.The rooms are small, spotlessly clean, and the staff are pleasant. The breakfast is filling and adequate.I had read a few reviews about uncomfortable beds, but for a 2 star hotel I usually dont expect alot in terms of comfort. I do agree with other posters though, its hard to ignore them, they are probably the most uncomfortable beds I have ever slept in.That said. Its a great value, clean, budget hotel with no frills in a very central location	
Dec 18 2007	A wonderful weekend in London ...	We just came back from our weekend trip to London last night. After booking the hotel online we were not sure if the hotel would fulfill all promises made and what can I say &quot;It clearly did&quot; ... We really enjoyed the very warm welcome and the atmosphere of the hotel. The rooms are small but have everything you need ... bathroom and shower are clean and allow enough room for a good start into the morning :o) In summary: The perfect choice ...	
Dec 13 2007 	Great value!	Husband and I spent a week here in November. Booked on TA recommendations and were not disappointed. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Room and bath were spotless and comfortable. Access to computer was a plus. Husband enjoyed breakfast more than I did but the room was clean and bright and service was speedy. We would not hesitate to stay at L &amp; S again.	
Dec 10 2007 	Quite decent as expected	Stayed here with a mate based on these reviews. Very, very clean, Good bathrooms (keep the shower door closed), Friendly staff, centrally located. You will not find better in Central London for under 100 quid, no way. This is a top notch 2 - 3 star hotel, no delusions of grandeur. Had no problems coming in late, didn't eat breakfast, 8 mins door to door to Victoria station, and everyone says St. George's pub and a few others are commuter pubs, and they are really quite all right (I had been before as friends lived in neighbourhood). You can keep looking, but why bother? I'd pay the extra 10 quid to stay here vs. other dodgier sounding places in the area, though I am sure they are fine. I booked directly, all went smooth.	
Dec 7 2007 	Clean Affordable Great Location - What more do you need?!	My husband and I stayed at the Luna &amp; Simone for two nights in November and it proved to be an excellent choice. If you want large plush rooms with a huge bathroom then forget it (you're in London remember!) but if you're looking for a convenient, clean, friendly and good value hotel then look no further. The rooms aren't massive but they're certainly not the smallest I've come across in London and the bathroom was spotless. You may have to travel up a few flights of stairs to get to your room so I wouldn't advise anyone with mobility difficulties to stay here. We got a great deal with breakfast included (although it's an early start if you're on holiday, 7.00-8.30). The hotel is a 5-10 min walk from both Pimlico tube station and Victoria bus/train/tube station so you can be anywhere in London in no time. If you are visiting London and plan to spend more time pounding the streets than relaxing in your room then this is definitely a great choice.	
Dec 5 2007 	Good budget choice for central London	Overall we were pleased with our experience at the Luna and Simone. The room was clean and comfortable (although I found the bed to be a little too hard). The shower was really good, and the tea &amp; coffee packets in the room is a nice touch. Breakfast is hearty - I loved the &quot;bacon&quot;, which was more like ham. Yogurt was available upon request even though it isn't listed on the menu. The room we stayed in was quiet. It was small, but we were expecting that. It was also on the 4th floor (which translates into the 5th floor for us Americans). At least I think it was the 5th floor - it was a lot of stairs! But the hotel did warn us of that upon booking. Location was convenient since it's quite close to Victoria station, and the staff was friendly. We paid 75 pounds per night for the low season, which we thought was reasonable. The neighborhood is nice and quiet, and there were quite a few hotels near this one.	
Dec 4 2007	Fabulous breakfast! Couldn't believe the fresh bacon and eggs every morning.	Ciao,Stayed at this wonderful hotel in London. I usually stay at my relatives home when I travel to London. But it was a last minute decission to fly to London. Peter and Bernard were so wonderful. Everyone was so helpful with directions and helping me find a hotel for my last night in London. Since the Luna was already booked up. Coundn't believe the free internet. I had just traveled from Venice, Italy and paid $20.00 for 60 minutes on the internet. I will recommend the Luna to my clients and friends.	
Dec 2 2007 	Great budget hotel in London	I would like to say that ALL the nice things that have been said about the Luna &amp; Simone Hotel are true. Found the service is second to none and the two rooms I have stayed in were both very very clean. The area is safe and there are lots of good eateries and a supermarket nearby. Took me a bit over 5 mins to walk to the Victoria Station. The free use of internet is a thoughtful gesture and the breakfast was good.As for some previous comments about the lack of a lift, the staff will help to carry your luggage on request. The steps are not too high anyway.There were also comments before about the fact that you can hear sounds from the next room and/or from the street. I found that it was true when I stayed in one of the rooms on the top floor. However, there was no such problem when I stayed in the twin room on the ground floor. Just ask for one of the ground floor rooms, which are at the back of the building, if you are a light sleeper and have issues with stairs. This is my fourth trip to London and I have stayed in both higher end and budget hotels. The owners and staff of Luna Simone had definitely made my visit this time very enjoyable and I will not stay at any other hotel when I visit London in the future. If only all budget hotels around the world are that great on service and cleaniness, I would be a very happy traveller.Thank you to all those who have left comments previously. It has definitely helped me to find the right hotel for my visit.	
Nov 30 2007 	Very nice and clean hotel	Very nice and clean hotel, we ask for a twin room and we got a twin room, breakfast is ok , good location near victoria stationwill come back again	
Nov 29 2007 	The Luna Simone is now my home in London!	Preparing for my fourth stay in London, but unable to stay with friends...I found the Luna Simone highly recommended on Trip Advisor. After booking directly with the hotel, I stayed at the Luna Simone last week (Wednesday-Sunday). If they aren't fully booked--I will stay there on every future visit. The hotel is easily walkable from both Pimlico and Victoria stations as well as on the #24 bus line. The entire property is immaculately clean and quiet considering its location. While the room was small, there was more than enough storage room and it included a new-looking, sparkling en-suite bathroom. (My only gripe...there could be a few more cable stations offered.)Of course, I'm saving the best for last: the owners, who are brothers, who do everything personally. From catering to your choice of yogurt with the included breakfast, to loaning A-Z maps, to chatting about the best kind of chocolates to buy friends. You truly don't feel on your own in London. I'm highly recommending the Luna Simone to all my friends and coworkers. I hope to stay again.	
Nov 29 2007 	Highly recommended a great value	Just returned from 5 nights at the Luna Simone. The hotel is a great value for London. We found most everything exactly as described in the reviews and candid photos posted here. We had a triple room which was very quiet. The beds were comfortable and linens fresh and of high quality. Everything in the hotel was spotlessly clean. The breakfast was excellent.The neighborhood is very good, with a dozen restaurants, stores, pubs and a small street market within a few blocks. We ate one night at the Oh Solo Mia Italian restaurant located about 100 yards from the hotel and it was very good. There is also a convenience store within 100 yards where we bought drinks and snacks for the room. We traveled around the city using the oyster card from Victoria station which is about a 4 or 5 block walk.	
Nov 25 2007 	Marvelous and inexpensive hotel near Victoria Station	My wife and I stayed for four nights at this marvelous little bed-and-breakfast hotel near Victoria station. The rates are extremely low, by London standards. The rooms are quite small, but as we didn't plan to spend much time sitting in the room, that was no drawback. The rooms are clean and comfortable. No lifts (elevators), as has been noted elsewhere, but the owners/managers helped us upstairs with our heavy suitcases. The location is ideal - tube station about a five-minute walk away, and the number 24 bus stops in front of the hotel, with service to Victoria, Trafalgar Square, Westminster, and the Charing Cross Road, among other places - a great bus to simply get on and ride for sightseeing.The service could not have been friendlier - the brothers who own/manage the hotel are wonderful. They serve a full English breakfast in the morning which was more than adequate for our needs. We'd stay there again in a heartbeat. Note, however, that there is no air conditioning (though there are fans), so we'd be hesitant about visiting in high summer. Overall, we loved our stay.	
Nov 13 2007 	Nice place nice location	Traveled to England for a two-week tour with spouse and two teens. We needed a relatively inexpensive place with a room for 4. We were quite pleased with the Luna &amp; Simone. The beds were quite comfortable, even though the room was very small (didn't bother us). We loved being so close to Victoria Station because we wanted to tour lots of places within London, plus we picked up our rental car for the rest of our trip there. The bathroom was clean and sufficient (why do I always forget that the British don't use washcloths so I could bring my own?). The only drawback was the breakfast--minimal choice and rather cheaply made, I thought, especially compared to later places we stayed.	
Nov 13 2007 	Fabulous	The location is great, not too far away from Victoria Station (with the musicals etc around it) plus there is a bus stop very close to the hotel. It can be a bit tricky to find it at first, on your own from the station late at night after travelling all day, though. However, the area around it was packed with restaurants, Boots and small shops.The service given was very good too. The breakfast was perhaps a bit too early in the morning, so I didn't have the chance to check that out. However, they were very helpful with questions and were happy to order a taxi for the airport etc. They offer an internet connection in the rooms, and have a 'computer room' (which is a computer in the smallest room of all time! :D).We lived at the top, and as others have mentioned, there is no lift. We managed, however, even if the trip up with heavy suitcases was - well - exercise. The rooms, however, were nice. The walls were a bit yellow, but clean and surprisingly not tiny. The bathroom was amazing, the shower like no other on budget hotels, and cleaned every day by a sweet maid.The street was busy in the morning, so if we had the window open it would wake us up, but not bother us, really.	
Nov 12 2007	nice hotel	Clean, very friendly, and good location. Rooms were small, but the price was fair. The rooms were new looking. The bathrooms appeared to be brand new. We stayed in 2 differant rooms at 2 differant times. The rooms were nearly identical. We were within a few blocks of Victoria station. Which meant that we had access to trains and tubes. Staff was family, and very friendly. We always had a nice greeting in the morning with our complimentary english breakfast. Egg, ham (its called bacon here), baked beans and toast. I would highly recommend it.	
Nov 10 2007 	Perfect locationfirst rate hospitality from a lovely hotel	Taking note of reviews,we chose the &quot;Luna and Simone' for a 6 night stay and we were not disappointed.My son and I had a twin room,my cousin a single and the 3 of us were all impressed by the rooms,ensuites, and the traditional English breakfast.The family who run the hotel are very sincere in making your stay as enjoyable as possible and will always find time for any needs you may have.The location is ideal being located between Victoria(10minutes walk) and Pimlico(5minutes walk)stations.The other plus is the 24 bus stopping at the front door.The use of the London pass for siteseeing together with a 6 day travelpass, the Luna and Simone as a base made our holiday so enjoyable we have already booked the hotel for May 2008 to see sites we missed in 2007.Exceptional value for London.	
Nov 10 2007 	More praise for Luna 	I'll keep this short because much of what I could say has been said before. The only negative - small room and very small bathroom, but this was as expected. We stayed in room 1a next to breakfast room - 4 of us. Price was more of an issue than space as we intended to use the room only to sleep. Staff very friendly and helpful. Hotel and room very clean. Great shower. Excellent location. 24 bus runs almost every 5 minutes to Westminster, Trafalgar Square, Theatre district, towards Kings Cross.Would recommend and will use again when next in the Capital.	
Nov 9 2007	Wonderful	This Hotel is spotless. Located in a wonderful area of London. The busline is in front of the hotel. Within walking distance of the Victoria Station. Great restaurants and pubs within walking distance. The owners, Peter and Bernard are very gregarious and gracious. Internet access was a plus!! We had a fabulous stay and can't wait to go back Peggy Lee Ristas	
Nov 8 2007 	A perfect little getaway in London	We stayed in this hotel for three nights, and I have nothing but good to say about it. We had a room on the fourth floor, and there was no elevator, but we were told this when we booked. The location was excellent. After spending all day and into the night running around crowded, busy London, the hotel was like a peaceful oasis to come home to. Each morning the breakfast was served with a smile, and it was substantial enough to keep us satisfied until mid afternoon. This was a help with the prices in London and the value of the dollar vs. the pound. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 5 2007 	Great hotel	I found this hotel via trip advisor and was not disappointed. Myself, partner and son stayed in a triple room which was down from the breakfast room. The room was spotless and a decent size. Breakfast is included in the price and that was good too, juice, bacon egg and beans coffee etc. The hotel is about a 15 min walk from Victoria tube station, we arrived at 10 and as the room had been cleaned they allowed us to check in, if not you can leave your case with them in reception, same on checkout day we left our case with them in the morning and collected it at 5pm before heading home. This hotel is in an ideal location and perfectly safe to get to at night, the staff are friendly and we will definately be staying here when we visit London again.	
Nov 4 2007 	What They Said	London is a VERY costly place to visit, but the Luna and Simone is fairly reasonable for budget travelers. The generous breakfast will keep you going through a good part of the day, and the #24 bus is just wonderful -- with this location, and an Oystercard, you are set for convenient sightseeing all over the city. If I have one complaint, it is that our room was VERY small...even smaller than I expected, and I was prepared for close quarters. The problem with our room was that you could not even open the bathroom door all the way as it ran into the side of the bed, so my husband and I were continually having to step out of each other's way when en route to the bathroom. I'm sure some of the rooms must be a little larger as I haven't seen this problem mentioned often. Our room was on the fifth floor and required a climb of 80+ steps, so we tried to have everything we needed for the day with us when we went down to breakfast to avoid too much stairclimbing.All else was fine, and the staff couldn't have been nicer.	
Nov 3 2007 	Comfort value and a warm welcome	I've stayed at the Luna &amp; Simone several times before and continue to be hugely impressed by the way they manage to offer an outstandingly clean, comfortable and welcoming hotel at an excellent price. These are owners whose interest in every guest is absolutely genuine; the attention to detail comes from the heart, not from some corporate training manual. This is a simple place without pretensions. It's well located, walkable from either Pimlico or Victoria tubes and the neighbourhood is very pleasant, with a scattering of small shops and cafés not far away. There is nowhere else in London I'd want to stay.	
Nov 2 2007 	Service with a smile!	After being greeted by a pluthora of frowns and scowls in Barcelona, I was very happy to see the very charming and smiling faces at the Luna &amp; SImone hotel in London. The people were extremely friendly and helpful, but not intrusive. The location was just perfect. I was only there for 2 nights, but was able to see much of London, as all of the main attractions were close by. The rooms were small, but very clean. They were quite stuffy, however, so I'm not sure it would be so enjoyable inthe summer. I was there in the middle of October, so it was perfect. Another treat were the breakfasts. Bacon &amp; eggs! I was so elated to not see hard croissants and unripened melons. Veggie alternatives were also available. We were always greeted with a sincere smile, which again was much appreciated after Barcelona's grumpiness! Our room was 70 pounds for 2 twin beds and a private washroom, which was quite costly for the size of the rooms, but in comparison to other hotels in London, considerably cheaper. I would definately return to Luna &amp; SImone.	
Oct 30 2007 	outstanding!	I can't think of anything original to write about this hotel...all the reviews have been right on the mark! Thank you Peter and Bernard for an awesome stay. This hotel is spotless, comfortable , great location , friendly and a great price for London!  The owners Peter and Bernard are helpful giving directions advice, recommendations etc. all with a smile and a laugh! One of their wifes even looked up Ryanair baggage information while we had breakfast had it printed up and waiting for us as my roommate did WAY too much shopping while there! Its things like this that made our stay outstanding. The breakfast was awesome too...great no hassle way to start a day of sight seeing. The free computer use was un expected also!  Just know what to expect with the rooms being more compact than in the U.S and you will not be dissapointed! This hotel has all you need and MORE!	
Oct 30 2007 	Ideal Location for touring London	We just got back from a three night stay here in Late October. Once again I trusted TripAdvisor, and I wasn't disappointed. We flew to London into Gatwick Airport, took the Gatwick Express from the airport (which is simple and very efficient) and arrived at Victoria Station in 30 minutes. My wife and I had luggage but we still decided to walk from the train station to the hotel, reading other reviews that said it would take 10 minutes. The hotel was very easy to find and it only took 10 minutes as promised. Upon arrival at 10:30 AM, our room was ready and we were allowed to check-in. The hotel is in a quiet, residential neighborhood. We asked for a room on a lower floor, due to the fact there is no elevator and we got it. The room wasn't very big, but it was very clean and we didn't plan on spending too much time in the room so it worked out great. There is no air-conditioning, but we didn't need it in October. Wireless internet is available, but it's not free, unless you can get a signal from a nearby establishment, which we could!! There is, however, a computer for all guests to use on the first floor, but you may have to wait for it. Breakfast was served from 7-8:30 everyday in the downstairs dining room and it was very good, and it was included with your room. If you are in town to tour London, this is a great location. There are two Underground (Subway) stations within a 10 minute walk (Pimlico and Victoria). From Victoria you can get anywhere in the city quickly. The Underground is very easy to use and very clean, I recommend you buy and Oyster Card when you arrive, put 20 Pounds on it and use it on every trip. The Oyster completely refunds any unused funds on you card when your stay in London ends. If you are American, you know the dollar is getting killed against the pound, so anyway to save a bit is key. This hotel was 85 pounds a night, which is really good for central London. I have absolutely no complaints and would stay here again.	
Oct 29 2007 	Super hotel	Just returned from a four night stay at the Luna Simone. We booked this hotel on the strength of reviews and were not disappointed. Upon arrival we were welcomed and given the downstairs room which we had requested. The room was not as small as we had expected, and was immaculately clean and well kept. Everything we needed for our short stay. Tea and coffee replenished every day, and extra pillows provided when we asked. Despite the room being directly onto the street, we were not affected by any unreasonable noise.The ensuite looked as though it had recently been refurbished, and like the room, was beautifully clean. Fantastic power shower. Fresh towels provided every day.My husband enjoyed the cooked breakfast every morning, and said that it was freshly prepared and lovely and hot. Best pot of tea in London! I am not a breakfast person myself, but when we were leaving the owners said that they had missed me, and did I not like the breakfast. I thanked them for their concern, and how thoughtful of them to ask.The staff are the backbone of this lovely hotel, so kind and helpful. Answering questions about our visit and providing information to make our trip more enjoyable.Travelling around London is no problem from the Luna Simone. Excellent bus service (24 hours) outside the hotel, running every ten minutes or so. Also tube connections from either Pimlico (which is slightly nearer) or Victoria.You will not be disappointed if you book a stay - exceptionally good value for central London.	
Oct 22 2007	Lovely Hotel Excellent Location	My husband and I stayed at the Luna &amp; Simone Hotel for one week in October. The location was central and the room immaculate (request a quiet room if you don't wish to face the street). We would highly recommend this hotel as an affordable and convenient option for staying in London.	
Oct 21 2007 	Great Value Great Stay	What a great value for such an expensive city. For only 85 pounds a night, we got a clean, large (for England standards) room, a pretty comfortable bed, an ensuite bathroom, TV, coffee and tea in the room, and a full English breakfast. The staff are very friendly, and there is a computer available for internet use. The location is convenient with Victoria station. There are many affordable and good restraunts, pubs, and grocery stores in the area. I can see why this hotel is so highly rated. You just can't get a better value in London.	
Oct 20 2007 	Clean great location very friendly staff!	I stayed one night at the Luna &amp; Simone Hotel because my flight out of Heathrow the next morning left very very early. They have a contract with a cab company that gets you to Heathrow for 40 pounds - it actually cost me 38 pounds - very friendly driver also. You can get The Tube or the Train, but since my flight left so early neither of those were an option for me. The room was on the top floor - and there is no elevator - but one of the owners of the hotel took my bag up for me, which was very kind. Both of the brothers/owners were downstairs when I checked in - they were friendly, knowledgeable, and extremely helpful. The young man they left at the check-in desk was just as friendly and helpful. The room itself was perfect and the shower was absolutely the best shower that I had during my two weeks in England!! It's better than my shower at home! The room was quiet, clean, and absolutely no problems encountered here. I left too early to have the breakfast so I can't comment on the food. There is no a/c so I don't know what this place is like in the summer, but for a fall/winter/spring stay it was perfect and an easy walk from Victoria Station. I would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 18 2007 	Great Value in London.	My wife and I stayed for 5 nights from September 30 through October 5th, and we enjoyed our stay.The staff was friendly and helpful, and really made an effort to get to know their guests.The hotel may not be ideal for those who plan to spend a lot of time in the room - our room was smallish, and the tiny TV only offered 5 stations (which is par for the course in England). However, the rooms were spotless and comfortable, and the bathrooms were clean with a nice, hot shower.A full English breakfast was included, and was always cooked perfectly, and the breakfast room was always a friendly hub of activity. Those who like to sleep in, though, should take note: breakfast was served only from 7-8:30.The hotel is only a 10 minute walk from Victoria station, and is an ideal location for tourists. There are a couple of great pubs within a few minutes walk, including the CAMRA recommended Jugged Hare.There are bigger and fancier places to stay, to be sure. But considering the cost and location, it is hard to imagine a better value in London.	
Oct 16 2007 	As advertised	Ditto the last two reviews. We were also in the triple room downstairs. Clean and comfortable. Good breakfast and the staff was cordial and accommodating.	
Oct 10 2007 	Nice hotel great location	The Luna &amp; Simone is a great hotel near Victoria Station. The hotel was clean and the staff was very friendly. The rooms were average European size and the bathroom was very modern with plenty of hot water. As mentioned in previous reviews, there is no lift. So if you have trouble with stairs request a lower floor. We slept in every day so we did not try the breakfast. However, we did eat at several of the restaurants nearby and enjoyed all of them.All things considered, the Luna &amp; Simone is a great hotel and we would stay there again.	
Oct 10 2007 	Great Location clean rooms	We pent 3 nights at this location. This review may be the hardest for me to write. We spent 10 nights this trip in various locations. 4 of them were in Travelodge's, 3 in a B&amp;B knowing that you will understand that I don't like to spend allot of money on a room. We booked here solely on Trip Advisor notes and I can say we were not disappointed. After looking at various rooms in London and seeing that most were well over 100 pounds we were glad to find one that was only 85, even though one night here was more then 3 in a Travelodge. Bottom line, we would stay here again in a heartbeat but folks need to know what I consider the Pros and Cons. Pros: PriceLocation to VictoriaNice neighborhoodFriendly staff and ownersIncluded breakfast (saves about 5-6 pounds PP)Internet kiosk, sometimes you have a wait. Clean roomVery nice shower! After the 4 foot high shower head at a Travelodge this was very welcome. Cons:Steps, we had 69 to climb to the 3rd floor if you have bad knees be sure your on the ground floor. Street noise, we were in the front facing Belgrave, with the window open it was quite noisy all night. Bad bed, we could feel the springs, Fan over bed had bad bearings and made more noise then the traffic outside.	
Oct 9 2007 	FANTASTIC	Such a lovely hotel! We stayed in the triple room (1) downstairs for 2 nights which was lovely. The bathroom was spotless and the room was really quiet at night. No road noise or noise from other guests as it's not really joined to any. Just across the coridor to the breakfast room (less than 10 steps), which was great for after we'd stuffed ourselves.Staff at the Luna and Simone are very friendly and will do anything to help and make your stay more enjoyable. Tea and coffee facilities in the room, also a fan and a safe. Towels are lovely and soft and clean. Extra pillows and blankets incase you're cold.Quiet street, but still very close to everything. 10 min walk to the underground (pimlico is probably slightly closer). Close to Victoria station and Coach park. I had a problem with my bed on the first night (spring had broken and poked out of the bottom of my bed) which was very quickly sorted out and the staff couldn't seem to do enough to help. Very friendly and very nice, they all seem to take pride in thier jobs which does make a real difference to the atmosphere of the hotel.Not a problem to leave your luggage behind the reception desk on the morning of your departure. We went off to Buckingham palace (20/30 min walk) after breakfast and they had no problem looking afer our luggage until we were ready to catch our coach in the afternoon (just let them know a rough time that you'll be collecting them) Enjoyed my stay so much i'm going back in December with my Mom to celebrate her birthday :)	
Oct 8 2007 	Affordable with A-1 service!	We stayed in a triple room, and yes as other reviewers have mentioned space was small, but still comparable to London standards and at half the price. Room was clean, bathroom was impeccably clean and modern and shower was large which we loved! The twins were super friendly and super knowledgeable about London, it's like having two guides at your fingertips. Breakfast which was included was hearty and wholesome, and service was fast. The high-speed internet access was an added bonus. Location was great, the tube and Victoria station were within a short walking distance, and the 24 bus that is right outside the hotel goes to all the major tourist attractions in London and runs 24 hours. We would recommend it to anyone!	
Sep 26 2007 	Great value in London!	We enjoyed our stay at the Luna &amp; Simone Hotel. The staff were very helpful, especially Mark. The rooms were great, we were on the 2nd floor, but our friends were on the top floor and had to walk up 8 flights of stairs, that didn't go over so good. But Bernard carried the largest suitcase up the stairs for them. Breakfast was fine. The staff went out of their way to help us with buses, site seeing etc. The location was great, 10 minutes from Victoria Station and the #24 buses pick you up and drop you off at the door. Lots of pubs &amp; restaurants close by. The rooms were very clean. Excellent value.	
Sep 25 2007 	Great experience at the Luna and Simone	I stayed four nights with some friends at the Luna and Simone and liked it very much. I read a few other recent reviews here and I don't agree with the complaints about the room size or the food. The rooms are small, yes, but rooms in city hotels are always small, unless you're staying at an expensive hotel. I've definitely been in smaller places both in London and in New York. I thought the breakfast was good. Not gourmet, but fresh and tasty. The place was spotlessly clean and the location was unbeatable. The staff were friendly, helpful, and very humorous. I would definitely stay there again and would recommend it without hesitation.	
Sep 25 2007	Great value!	Me and my wife just stayed for four nights at the Luna Simone. Relating to other hotels in London - we´ve stayed at different hotels in different price categories earlier - I must say that Luna Simone delivers great value for the money. It´s a exceptionally well kept hotel, spotlessly clean and with very pleasant people running the place. So OK - the rooms aren´t that big but contains everything you need - eg safe, tv, hairdryer, bed ;-), etc.If you expect a ballroom - go somewhere else (and pay double).The breakfast is hot, good, plenty and served with a smile. Again - if it´s a buffe you want - go somewhere else (and pay double, again).So as far as I´m concerned - money for value - the Luna Simone is the best London has to offer (and I´m comparing with at least 10 other hotels). I would gladly recommend it to anyone going to London and will absolutely go back there.Best regardsJoakim, Sweden	
Sep 24 2007 	Book it!	This a true gem in a city full of expensive and not always great hotels. If you're after a luxurious hotel with pools and gyms etc, then give this one a miss. But if you're after a clean hotel in a great location with decent rooms at a decent price and friendly staff to help you out, then this is the one for you. Breakfast and internet access was a welcome inclusion in the room price. We loved it and will definitely book it again next time we're in London. One word of advice - try to book as far ahead as possible because it is very popular and the word is out!	
Sep 22 2007 	Nice hotel no elevator	We stayed at this hotel for three nights. The staff was great - family run operation and they seemed genuinely concerned about our stay. There is no elevator and we had a room on the 3rd floor, which was a lot of steps. Breafast was included and was nice. The room itself was nice - large restroom and even a desk if you need to set up a computer.	
Sep 22 2007 	Loved it!	This is a great hotel. The location is in the Pimlico area - close to the tube and Victoria Station and within walking distance of major attractions. It is extremely clean and well appointed. The room I stayed in had a nice little balcony with a sliding glass door which was very pleasant . The hotel staff is soooo friendly and helpful and has been a family run business for over 35 years. I would stay here again in a second. The rooms are small but you will not be disappointed.	
Sep 20 2007 	Good location but small room	The location is a great one for touring the Victoria area of London. However, the rooms -- at least the one we were in -- was very small with an absolutely tiny bathroom. Clean, though. Also, we found the breakfast mundane and bland and the breakfast room was a bit noisy on this particular occasion. After a series of countryside B&amp;Bs before this stay in London, we were a bit disappointed. I doubt we would stay here again, but it is not a bad option for those who need only a night or maybe two. Beyond that, and you'll feel too cramped.	
Sep 20 2007 	Nice location	We stayed 3 nights and then decided to book another night for our return to London. The hotel is nicely located in a safe neighborhood close to Victoria Station, about a 15 minute walk. It was very clean and well maintained. We were served a hearty English breakfast each morning by Peter and Bernard who were gracious hosts. Rooms were not large but adequate. There was a computer available for guests for free. No lift available so upstairs rooms are an effort with luggage. But that wouldn't stop us from returning. Bus stop right in front of hotel. Nice pubs nearby.	
Sep 13 2007 	Disappointed	Based on the previous reviews, we had our hopes up for our one night stay at this hotel. It is actually rated number 5 in London. The area was pretty good, but the hotel was average. Our room (#13) was very small but clean. The bathroom was nicely decorated, but was tiny and there was no room for your toiletries. Breakfast was served between 0700 and 0830. Too early for us, but since it was included in the price, we got up. You had three choices, and we did enjoy our egg, bacon and beans. The service was good, but all this was totally ruined by all the noise from the kitchen. Just terrible! We will not stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 11 2007 	Good value great location!	My husband and I stayed in this hotel for our first visit to London. We had just spent 6 days in Paris, so we were accustomed to the rather small size of European rooms. We had a very nice stay at the Luna and Simone. We took the Underground from Heathrow to Pimlico station and with a little help from the locals were able to find this hotel a few blocks away. The hotel was quite affordable by London standards, very clean and the room and private bathroom were both adequate in size for the two of us and our luggage. The only complaint I have is that the platform-style bed with its futon mattress was rather lumpy and probably the most uncomfortable bed I slept on during our vacation. We did not mention this to the front desk, so I'm not sure if this problem was unique to our particular room (#8) or if they would have offered to move us. One nice feature about room #8 is that we had our own private little balcony overlooking Belgrave Rd. There is quite a bit of traffic- vehicular and pedestrian, along this street, but with the windows closed it did not keep us awake at night.  Everything else about the hotel was great. The breakfast every morning was good and hot, your basic English breakfast of ham, eggs, beans and toast. The staff were friendly and helpful with booking tours and even letting me use their printer to print out a voucher for a tour I had booked online. They also have a computer for free internet access although it is often busy. Probably the best feature of this hotel is its great location in the neighborhood of Belgravia. We were close to a variety of good pubs and restaurants. We were also a 5-10 minute walk away from the Sainsbury's market where we could get a hot pizza and beer for a cheap dinner. We were a 10-minute walk away from the Victoria train, bus, and Underground station. Also, although we did not go to a show, there are a couple of theaters next to the Victoria station with good shows like &quot;Wicked&quot; playing. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a reasonably priced room in London.	
Sep 8 2007 	Small Tiny Miniscule	We looked at the reviews for this hotel and booked because of them. I feel as if I was in a different hotel. The area is as described but this was the smallest room we have ever been in. I don't think you could have swung a hamster! Even the beds were tiny. No room to put your case anywhere or you could not walk. Amazed that they could manage to get all in the space. Breakfast is absurdly early, finishing at 8.30 in a holiday hotel. You get a choice of orange juice or cornflakes, tea or coffee, small cooked, with bacon, beans and fried egg or spam type ham and one small tomato. Lots of toast. It must cost pennies to do this. It is ok but really down to a price! The owners are nice but just bear this in mind and if you are booking and if you are of a larger size you aint going to get into the room without opening the window!	
Sep 6 2007 	Nice and clean but oh so teeny!	I stayed at Luna &amp; Simone for a week in August. From making the reservations, to check-in, to breakfast and check-out the staff was absolutely wonderful to deal with. When I opened the door to my single room with shower and WC I was shocked how small it was. I could barely fit my two medium sized suitcases in the room (one had to go under the bed). And there is no room whatsoever to put your toiletries or anything else.The room was pretty modern and extremelly clean and kept, but it was like living in a sardine can. I would still recommend this hotel to anyone staying in London a night or two, not carrying anything larger than a dufle bag. As far as the price goes, I paid 60 pounds and that is great for a decent hotel in central London, so it's a nice deal. However, as an USA resident, it still came out to $120 per night which very pricey.	
Aug 28 2007 	Fabulous time with my son.	My son and I traveled to London for the Harry Potter book release and lots of sightseeing. We enjoyed 6 evenings at the Luna Simone. Although we were unable to enjoy breakfast while there (it's rather early for us night owls), everyone we did come into contact with at the front desk was quite lovely. It has the feeling of staying with very nice family who respect your privacy. You are able to come and go as you please and the rooms are very clean. We traveled with some friends and we were able to get rooms right next to each other. They do like to clean the room by noon each day but are very flexible if you need a little extra time if you're running late. If you would like to refrigerate something, you just have to ask them to place it in the fridge in the office as there are no refrigerators in the rooms. The street is not noisy but not incredibly quiet so if you are staying in the summer months (and need to leave the window open for a breeze), you may want to ask for a room at the back of the hotel which I'm assuming are quite quiet as they are not facing the street. Overall I was pleased with our choice of hotel.	
Aug 26 2007 	Lovely London Hotel!!	We stayed here from 13-17 August and really enjoyed it. The staff were extremely helpful and their helpfulness went above and beyond the call of duty!!!Although the rooms are small, they are very clean and the hotel supply wall safes.The breakfast room is lovely and the cooked breakfasts were ample to set you up for a day's sightseening in London.Would definately recomment this hotel to friends, and will definately stay here if we are back in London.	
Aug 26 2007 	A gem of a hotel!	We (me, my husband and college age son) just returned from 6 nights at the Luna &amp; Simone and couldn't have been more pleased with room, location and staff. The room (#1) was clean, pleasantt and comfortable, with a spotless bathroom, cushy carpeting, and plenty of pillows and blankets. A fan added comfort on those warmer days and nights (yes, we had a few!). We stayed in a room for 3 (3 twin beds) on the lower floor and it was quiet and conveniently had an extra bathroom (toilet) just outside the door. We were also just steps away from the dining room. Breakfasts were served promptly and were always to order. If you have special requests, the staff were ready to oblige. Upstairs was a computer for internet access but my son had no problem finding a hot spot in the room for his laptop.The location was perfect for us. Bus #24 runs 24/7 and stops just outside the door. Victoria Tube and Rail station is on the #24 line or just a 10 minute walk away. ATM, banks, restaurants, grocery stores, pubs, all very close by. Also, Victoria Tube has an upstairs eatery which has lots of restaurant choices. From the hotel to the city centre (Westminster) is only about 15 minutes ... and you can continue on to Trafalgar Square and even to the British Museum. Can't say enough about how convient being on the 24 line is. And as far as the staff goes, they were all marvelous. Friendly, helpful, genuinely concerned for our well-being and enjoyment. They will help you book tours, mail post cards (and they sell really nice ones too!), arrange a taxi for you, whatever you need.Can't say enough about the great staff at Luna &amp; Simone!We will recommend to family and friends without reservation!	
Aug 25 2007 	great location	We stayed three nights at the Luna &amp; Simone Hotel and were delighted with the location, the simple but very clean room and the helpful, friendly staff. The hotel is located on Belgrave Road - a pristine Georgian St. only a 10 minute walk from Victoria Station and a few minutes walk to the Thames River. The price was reasonable for expensive London and the location was excellent - Belgrave Road is very quiet and sedate. The family members who own the hotel (for 30 years) are fun, helpful and very friendly. The desk clerk was eager to find information for me and printed out what I needed from the computer. The breakfast menu wasn't large but fresh and tasty. We had a very quiet room downstairs at the back of the hotel. It was spacious, simple and clean.Highly recommended to you, travellers.	
Aug 24 2007 	A Wonderful Discovery	What a wonderful discovery, thanks to Tripadvisor Users: I stayed here for three days from 21-24 August. I was allocated Room Five, a single room without loo etc, however there was a shower/loo beside my room which was fine.My room was small &amp; bijou: about 15' x 7' or thereabouts; tea/coffee facilities, a wardrobe, telly... everything necessary. And very clean too.I cannot speak highly enough about the breakfast: I enjoy a full breakfast so I opted for fruit juice, a cooked brekkie of two very lean rashers of Danish back bacon (no fat at all), one egg, beans and two slices of white, hot toast with butter and tea/coffee. Absolutely perfect. Couldn't wish for anything more.Very amiable staff and the proprietor who has relatives in Northern Ireland; so we had a good natter! They make you feel at home and are most helpful for advice about London, bookings etc.I really loved this place and hope to return again. If the staff read this, I wish to thank them from the bottom of my heart. Thank you. By the way, I do not usually give five stars for my reviews; however, given the value of this guesthouse, I feel it more than merits this.	
Aug 23 2007 	Great Customer Service and a Great Price!	While traveling in London with my 3 gal pals, we stayed at this hotel. It's very conveniently located near the Victoria Tube station and was very affordable. The owners are incredibly nice and having the breakfast included was an added bonus. The rooms are very modest, but everything was clean. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for an affordable stay at convenient location.	
Aug 17 2007 	Great stay!	We stayed at the Luna Simone hotel in August of 2007 for 3 days. We knew that this hotel should be good because of many good reviews we read about it while looking for an affordable hotel in London, but we still did not expect to see such a modern, cozy and lovely place. When we made reservations there was just one room available with 2 beds on the 3rd floor, but the owner was very nice promising us to change it in case there will be a double room on the lower floor. When we came to the hotel we found our double room on the street level and were wery pleased with it. The owners were very helpful on each step of our stay telling us where to buy tickets and how to get where we wanted. The hot breakfast was big and very good. The location is superb, we were walking most of the time to the main attractions. Next time we are in London we are not looking for any other hotel, but if you want to stay there you have to book it in advance, because it is always full. Tatyana, USA	
Aug 17 2007 	Perfect stay!	We could not have asked for more! I researched hotels in London (100's) for several months in planning our trip, as it was important to me that we stay in a clean, safe, and reputable hotel that fit into our tiny budget. The Luna and Simone was all of that and more. My 13 year daughter and I stayed in room 10 on the Simone side for 9 nights and had the perfect 'home' in London. The rooms were spotless, the bathroom was sparkling clean and beautifully updated, the breakfast was always quick, delicious, and filling, and the owners/staff could not have been better. We LOVED laughing with Rita and 'the two brothers' each day, and the nice Brazilian lady who cleaned our room each day was meticulate in her attention to detail. I'm not sure which brother is which, but you'll come to know their different personalities quickly (both are funny/helpful, with one being a tiny bit more low-key and the other being an animated little bugger). The fact that all of these characters are delightful human beings only makes things better.The location is great (bus 24 is LITERALLY outside the front door and goes to Victoria Station and beyond), and there are many places to eat nearby. The street is quiet but it never felt deserted or dangerous in any way--just beautifully residential.BOOK YOUR ROOM NOW!!!!! They stayed full most nights. We paid 85 pounds for a twin from Aug. 6-15th and, because it included a hot, hearty/traditional English breakfast, we saved atleast 10 pounds each day on breakfast. What a deal!Re: Food, I found that we saved a lot of money by picking up 'ready to eat' items at Sainsburys, Tesco's, and Marks and Spencer. Nowhere in London is cheap with the pound being so strong against the dollar, but we loved having fresh fruit, hummous, sandwiches, pastas, couscous, and other things available at great prices. We were able to keep our meal budget under 25 pounds a day (that's 12.50 pounds per person), and some days, were even under 20 pounds for the two of us. My 13 year old is growing and hungry as well, so we only split an entree once or twice during our entire stay there.Thank you Rita and brothers for maintaining such a stellar hotel in what must be a hard and sometimes frustrating business. We can't wait to stay there if we're ever blessed enough to return to London!We have many other 'tips' that we picked up or learned the hard way while in London and are happy to share. Just ask.	
Aug 14 2007 	Excellent Hotel Great Staff	My husband and I spent 3 nights at this hotel near the end of July. The quality and price of this hotel was above and beyond comparison to anything else I could find in London.The location was perfect...within walking distance of Victoria Station (you can get anywhere in London from this station) and the many restaurants and pubs that surround it. As well you could easily walk to Westminister Abbey, the London Eye and Buckingham Palace if you enjoy walking and taking in the sights.The room was extrordinarily clean and suited our needs perfectly. Both the room and bathroom were very modern and updated. There is no elevator in this hotel, however, so be sure to find out which floor you are staying on, as not everyone can carry their bags up 85 stairs. Breakfast was provided every morning and you could choose from a typical English breakfast or a lighter version of cereal and toast. The staff was friendly and helpful. When I return to London, I will definately stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 14 2007 	L 	We flew to London in July and arrived at Heathrow at around 11:30 AM. We took the National Express coach from the airport to Victoria Station which was wonderful (cheap and relaxing) and then we trundled off with our luggage to find the Luna &amp; Simone. This was somewhat more arduous than I would have liked after a long flight, but we made it after a 10 or 15 minute walk from the bus station. The first impression of the hotel was very positive (as were most of the later impressions). The neighbourhood was clean and stylish. The hotel itself was compact and the staff were friendly and helpful. The room was on the small side, which we expected, but was very clean and comfortable. The #24 bus stops right in front of the hotel and heads towards Trafalgar Square and other central locations before going to Hampstead Heath (highly recommended). The breakfasts were quick and plentiful, but became slightly repetitious after 4 days. All in all the hotel was just what we were hoping for and we felt it was great value for the money.	
Aug 5 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed at this hotel from the 23rd - 30th July and to be honest we couldnt have asked for better. This is the 3rd time we have stayed here and there is no other place in London that we would want to go to. The hotel is in an excellent location for seeing all the sights and is surrounded by cafe's, and restaurants all the way down Wilton Road (which is a turning by the hotel).We were in room 1a which was a lovely room with a sun area to sit in when we back from a hard days sight seeing, the room was spotlessly clean, cleaned daily, the bathroom was fantastic... Newly decorated and modernised, the shower is fantastically powerful, the best we have ever experienced at a hotel. For anyone wanting to travel any other way than on the tube, there is a bus stop (the number 24) right outside the hotel and takes the route all around the more popular sights of London, alternatively Pimlico underground station is just 5 minutes walk from the hotel and Victoria is about 10 minutes away.Then there is the owners, Peter and Bernard, what a pair of wonderful people they are. Nothing was too much trouble for them and anywhere we wanted to go they knew exactly how to get there and if they didnt they found out for us. Our daughter stayed at this hotel with us this year for the first time and she is now completely hooked. She was so impressed with the way the two brothers looked after us all and how lovely and clean the rooms were, even though she was on the second floor, she said it was worth the walk up the stairs to stay in such a lovely hotel and have the level of service that we received from the brothers and everyone one else involved in the hotel.This hotel has just been made up to a 4 diamond hotel which is what is given to a bed and breakfast establishment rather than the 4* that is given to a more exclusive hotel, but please dont let this put you off, the quality of service you receive at this place is 5* to say the least. The breakfast (which you can have a choice) is Egg, Bacon &amp; Beans or Two Boiled Eggs or Ham &amp; Tomato as the main course with Orange Juice or Cereal to start with, Toast and Butter and Tea or Coffee, we found this filled us up until the afternoon and was most substantial. There is a computer room with internet access for anyone that wants to keep in touch with family and friends. We thought this hotel was great and wouldnt consider going anywhere else now.There isnt lift access to the floors nor is there air conditioning in the rooms but, there is a fan put in the room for comfort in warmer weather, but then, if there were these things then the hotel wouldnt be the bargain in the middle of London that it is. So anyone who is loooking for a 4 diamond hotel that offers everything that you have read about on this website and more that isnt going to rob the bank to stay there, then the Luna and Simone is the hotel that you are looking for, but if you want a concierge service and air conditioning and a lift to all floors then I would suggest that you pay twice as much as you will here for less than you will receive here.Thank you to both Peter and Bernard for making our holiday so special.We will definitely come back to this hotel again.The Carter Family	
Aug 2 2007 	Excellent deal in London	After reading reviews on TripAdvisor, we thought Luna Simone would be a good bet, and we were not disappointed. Convenient, safe location with restaurants, Post Office, bank, tube station, etc., nearby. Room 7 on Simone side was on front--a little noisy early in evening, but quiet later. Room small, but this is London! Bathroom had plenty of room &amp; good shower. Hotel overall looked to be in good , well-kept condition. Breakfast was ample.	
Jul 28 2007	Lovely atmosphere great location	This is actually two side by side small hotels, two houses in a terrace (where there are other hotels). They are joined at the reception area and the basement breakfast room. We were in 47 which I think is &quot;luna&quot;. We enjoyed staying here: the place is very nicely decorated, the room was clean with a nice shower and toilet. They had warned us when we booked that it was at the top, a long way up the stairs - if you have luggage get a room on a lower floor. But what makes this hotel one we will go back to is the warmth of the family who run it. The two brothers and other members of their family are very friendly, welcoming, and helpful, and that warmth permeates the hotel.Not cheap, but what London hotel is: we paid 85 for a Sat night in July 07, two people, bed and breakfast. The location is great: 5 mins from Pimlico tube station, 10 mins from Victoria tube station and bus hub. So Tate Britain is 5 more minutes the other side of Pimlico tube, and there are lots of things near Victoria - Houses of Parliament are 15mins or so by foot. The italian restaurant, Sol Mio Uno, two minutes away from the hotel on the corner of Denbigh and Belgrave, an independent restaurant not a chain, is highly recommended.	
Jul 26 2007 	Great value!	We stayed at the Luna &amp; Simone in July, 2007. What a pleasant surprise and a great value considering the price of other hotels in London. The rooms are small but in line with European standards and the rooms and other facilities are SPOTLESS. The two owners - Peter and Bernard are gracious, charming, and willing to assist guests in any way to accomodate their needs. A full English breakfast is served every morning. The property is located a short walk from Victoria Station which will get you any where you need to go in London and the 24 bus line stops in front of the hotel. I would definitely recommend Luna &amp; Simone to my friends and family and am hoping to return their soon. When it was time to go we really hated to leave. Peter and Bernard keep up the good work!	
Jul 23 2007 	Clean Convenient Friendly	My husband and I booked Luna Simone based on previous reviews. We were not disappointed. We requested room 15 at the top of eight flights of stairs and found a great room with a nice shower, quiet atmosphere and view over London rooftops. There is no roof access, but the room is well worth the stair climb!Breakfast is provided each day - orange juice, eggs, bacon or ham, toast, tea or coffee. A great start to the day. Victoria Station is a short walk away and in the neighborhood are several coffee shops, a laundramat and some nice watering holes.kw -Redmond, WA	
Jul 20 2007 	Nice hotel good value	We stayed twice and Luna &amp; Simone (in two different rooms) and had a good experience both times. The hotel is clean, the staff is friendly, and the breakfast is good. The location is great - within easy walking distance of the Pimlico tube station. The number 24 bus stop is practically right outside the door, and Victoria station is less than a 10 minute walk away. The only downside was that some of the beds were a bit too hard.	
Jul 20 2007	A remarkable hotel can't wait to return.	My wife and I stayed at the Luna &amp; Simone for six days in April 2007 at the end of a transatlantic cruise. I had thoroughly researched hotels in London and decided to try the Luna &amp; Simone based on cost, and the rating and reviews on TripAdvisor. I didn’t totally trust all of the reviews, they sounded too good to be true. Upon checking in I began to discover that the reviews are true. Peter, Mark and Bernard are terrific hosts; the hotel is spotless; the entire staff is courteous and entirely helpful; the breakfast was tasty and a good start for the day; the location is convenient and the neighborhood is beautiful; in summation this hotel is ideal.I read several negative remarks on TripAdvisor concerning the Luna &amp; Simone, most appeared to be made by people apparently unfamiliar with hotels in Europe, we had no negative experiences. We intend to visit London again and are looking forward to staying at the Luna &amp; Simone.	
Jul 14 2007 	Fantastic FInd	We won't bother looking anywhere else next time we travel to London...this place has it all. The hotel is located in a clean and safe area and once inside, we felt welcome and comfortable. We arrived at 9:30am and were allowed to check in, but we could not enter the room until 11:30, so they held all of our luggage while we ventured out into the city. We walked the short distance to Buckingham Palace to watch the changing of the guards which was well worth the walk and the wait. Once we got into our room, we slept a few hours before heading back out to grab the 24 bus to the London Eye. The bus stop is literally across the street from the front door and could not have been more convenient. Our room was a triple, one double bed and one twin bed for our teenage daughter, and it was exactly as spotless as everyone has described. We had two great nights' sleep and enjoyed the hot showers in the small but immaculate bathroom. Breakfast was very good and served with a smile. Everyone there was friendly and made us feel welcome. After reading some of the recent reviews, I now realize that there was a computer for guests to use, and I cannot imagine where it was located. Had we known, we certainly would have used it to email family members back home that all was well. We had an great meal at Grumbles, around the corner from the hotel, as suggested by the hotel staff. Upon checkout, again they held our luggage while we ventured out to collect our rental car.I cannot recommend this place highly enough, but I do suggest booking early, they do seem to be full every night.	
Jul 9 2007 	good for the money	We stayed on the Luna side of the Luna &amp; Simone from June 23rd through the 26th. Great property for the price. My wife reacted on how clean the place was, despite the small rooms. But hey that's what renting hotel rooms in a big city like London will get you.Property is a 5-10 minute walk to Victoria Station, a large interchange for bus/train/underground transfer. Plus, on the way to/from the station, there's a supermarket if you want to bring food back.Back to the hotel, our room was #15 - all the way on the tippity top floor of the hotel. Just be forewarned that you have quite a few flights of stairs to climb and no elevator. The room had its own bathroom with a shower, a small tv, coffee pot, and a window. the thing that made this room for us was that we were able to climb out the window onto the fire escape and see the London Eye off in the distance.The staff was friendly and able to help us with pretty much anything. A good thing to note is that if you are planning to take any tour buses around the city, this hotel can book them for you and put it on your bill, saving the hassle of converting more cash. They can also arrange taxis to the airport and what-not, but they'll be sure to tell you (as they did for us) that hailing a cab in the street will often be cheaper.Breakfast was good everyday, and there's a little closet with a computer hooked to the web that is open for use. All in all, a good little hotel for the price in London. If given the chance, we'd return (but maybe we'd get some help with our bags to the top floor).	
Jul 8 2007 	Great budget hotel.	My family and I stayed at the Luna &amp; Simone hotel June 3-7, 2007. It is a great budget hotel. It is close to both Victoria and Pimlico tubes, Pimlico being closer, about a 5 minute brisk walk away. As peole have already mentioned, the 24 bus drops you off right at the door, especially handy after going to the theatre. The rooms were very clean, the bathroom was quite large and very clean, there was even tea and coffee available in the room. The managers were extremely helpful, helping us decide which tours to take and making recommendations. Overall, a great value for the price. The only reason I'm not giving the hotel a 5 rating is that it did not have air conditioning and it was a little warm when we were there - but ifyou were going in the fall, it would be perfect.	
Jul 8 2007 	Liked it a lot!!!!	We (Norwegian family) stayed at Luna &amp; Simone from June 23th to July 1th (7 nights).We booked our rooms after having read so much nice about the hotel and the owners, and we were certainly not disappointed.The hotel was exactly as welcoming, clean, charming and well located as promised. We had one 3 bed room down under the ground, and one twinroom in the stairs down to the breakfastroom. Both of them were unbelievable clean. Quite simple though, but they had nice, clean bathrooms with plenty of water, nice beds, TV, and a fan which we never used. There were a water boiler there as well, and clean towels everyday. This is not at luxury hotel, but the charm and cleanlyness count up for that in every way. I have stayed in lot of luxury hotels, but never seen anything so clean. The breakfast was tasty, and enough to keep us full up for hours. The owners serving the breakfast were so nice, attentive and full of humour. As our kids sometimes didn't want anything else but toast, they were offering yoghurt and other stuff. Also the neighbourhood was really nice. Victoria Station only a few minutes walk away. We did'nt use the 24 bus everbody talk about, because we never managed to get a timetable, so we never found out which destinations the bus was going to. There were a lot of nice restaurants nearby (we tried 5 of them and were never dissapointed.) And are you going to eat Fish and Chips once while staying i London, choose the restaurant Seafresh, very nearby. We did, and it was a really nice experience. We will reccomend Luna &amp; Simone to all people going til London, and definitly stay there again, We really hope they manage to keep up with the clean and friendly style, this is a gem!	
Jul 3 2007	Lived up to expectations!	I stayed here with my mum at the end of June - we had trouble booking directly with the hotel as it was full but were lucky enough to get a room via Ebookers. I had seen all the great reviews on here and we weren't disappointed!As everyone else has said, the room and bathroom were gleaminingly spotless. So was the dining room for breakast, and the food was just right. Not to mention the service! In contrast to the hotel we stayedat the following night in Wembley, the difference in customer servicecouldn't be greater - everyone at Luna Simone was so friendly and helpful.If I'm looking for any negatives, lugging our suitcases up 4 flights was quite an adventure, but I'm sure the owners would have helped us if we'd have asked. Also our room facing the road and there was a fair bit of traffic noise, even overnight. But these are small quibbles and I would definitely stay here again. If I can get booked in!!!Highly recommended.	
Jul 3 2007 	Safe Clean Good Location	We stayed at the Luna &amp; Simone from June 15 - 21, 2007. We were very happy with our experience. We had a room on the third floor, overlooking the street. The room was small but very clean. The private bath was fine. The room did get a bit warm during the day but had a huge window to help cool off. There was also a fan mounted on the wall above the beds.As noted in previous reviews there are no elevators so be prepared to haul your luggage up to your room.Security in the hotel was good. You needed your key to enter the hotel past the main desk. Also, our room had a safe in the closet.The location was great for us as were where there as tourists. The Victoria station is a 10 minute walk away, also the #24 bus stops in front of the hotel and its route hits many attractions.Breakfast was provided each morning from 7:00 - 8:30. While not fancy it was well cooked and quickly served.We will definitely stay at this hotel again if we return to London. We will also recommend it to everyone we know. It is very popular and was full every night so I would suggest booking early to ensure you get a room at this excellent hotel.	
Jul 2 2007 	Good value clean but small	we stayed here june 18-20th and it was very nice place to use as a starting point for our days of exploring london. close to victoria station and even closer to the Pimlico station. The rooms were VERY small, but it looks like that's common for mid-range hotels in London. we also tired of the stairs after a long day of walking. all in all i would recommend the L&amp;S for a short stay in london, but the room may feel a little cramped for a longer stay. there is also a couple of very good restaurants around the corner. we walked all over the city looking for a good place before we realized that the best meal we had was 1 block from the hotel.	
Jun 30 2007 	Nice hotel	Luna &amp; Simone is a nice hotel in a lovely area of London. I doubt you could find any hotel in London this nice for the price. The area is safe and clean and easy to connect to all of London through two nearby subway stations and the bus which stops out front is an even easier way to travel. The hotel staff is very warm and friendly. Our double room on the ground floor was a bit on the small side, especially the bathroom - but acceptable. It was clean and comfortable. If you enjoy a good shower - the water pressure was excellent! Free internet access was great. Hotel was quiet, and a great bargain.	
Jun 27 2007	Nice Place	Our stay at the Luna &amp; Simone was a great experience. The room was a triple which had 3 single beds. There was plenty of room for the three of us to navigate around each other without being too cramped. The bathroom was small but completely updated and really very nice. The room had a fan but no A/C. It's close to Victoria Station so that made it easy to get anywhere in the city pretty quickly. The brothers who run the hotel were the best part I think. They were very nice and funny and seemed to genuinely enjoy what they do.	
Jun 26 2007	A Good Value for London	London is expensive, but this hotel is a good, clean place to stay in a nice neighborhood. Fairly convenient to the train and the Tube (but we still recommend staying in Bath and taking the train to London rather than the bother and expense of staying in London). Room was a bit tight by US standards, but then again, that's expected in London. We had a nice balcony overlooking the street and the twin proprietors were very helpful. Decent value, standard breakfast fare, and a good place to stay in London.	
Jun 26 2007 	Great hotel on great location!	My girlfriend and I spent here weekend. Location is simply great with bus line 24 staying just in front of hotel. On the bus route You have everything, from Victoria and Westminster to Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square etc...Room was very small but exceptionally clean and the staff was very helpful. Bathroom was practically new and very clean.My girlfriend is a bit cleaning maniac but she was delighted when she saw hotel and room.Breakfast was great!My recommendations to this hotel. I'll definitely stay here again.	
Jun 24 2007 	Good choice for London	My wife and I stayed at the Luna &amp; Simone hotel in room 9 (in the building to the right, as one faces the front desk), which had a double bed and private bath (“en suite” by their terminology), for nine nights, starting Wednesday, April 19, 2007. The cost was 80 pounds (British currency) per night. This was a good place to stay in London, all things considered.The location of this hotel is quite good. It is not in one of the most popular and busy parts of London, but still reasonably close to the main attractions while affording easy access (within ten minutes’walk) to markets and good restaurants. The neighborhood is a relatively quiet, attractive, not (yet?) modernized, mostly residential, safe (as far as we could tell) area, replete with charming “key” parks (one block by one block, gated gardens, accessible only to local residents who are given keys; but easily appreciated also by those of us strolling by on the outside). The nearest Tube (underground train) station is a 15 minute walk away (Victoria Station).The hotel incorporates two adjacent, older buildings, four (if I recall correctly) stories above the street level, each. Other reviewers have commented on the fact that there are no elevators, and I wish to add that there are two successive flights of twelve stairs each between floors. We, personally, did not (and would not in the future) consider this to be a major problem, because we are accustomed to walking stairs at home. However, I have to admit that carrying a hundred pounds of luggage up to our room (which was two floors above street level) after a long day of travel to get there and, to a lesser extent, facing 48 steps at the end of each“touristy” day of walking our legs off did cause me to wonder whetherI should have requested a room closer to street level when making reservations. Elevators in old London hotels are not common; while new hotels in London tend to be located in less residential (and, forme, less attractive) areas, and they also tend to charge a premium. The staff we encountered during our visit were personable, courteous,and competent.The room was small, roughly 7 x 11 feet, plus an approximately 3 x 8 foot bathroom, attached. Everything was clean, in good condition, andwell lit. There were night stands on either side of the double bed, asmall TV attached to the wall, a desk with one chair, no clock radio (but requested wake up calls worked well), a coffee/tea maker set, a hair dryer, and about a one foot wide closet. The one window (which could be opened) looked out on an alley way. While that offered no view, it brought in no noise, either. We had requested a quiet room, not facing the street. There was a keypad-operated safe in the closet. The bathroom included a stall shower with a full-flow shower head, a shelf above the toilet, and, as is typical for older London hotels, a pair of bath towels with hand towels (no wash cloths), a bath mat/towel, and a pair of drinking glasses. They supply what might be described as sliver soaps, but I recommend bringing your ownsoap. The radiator in the room was not operating (probably turned off for the season), but the room was adequately warmed for our needsby the heat coming from outside during the day and from the corridorsin the night, so we had no need of it anyway. I do not know how well we would have been able to control the temperature in the room duringa colder part of the year. Also, there was a little fan mounted on the wall above the bed, which I suspect would not have been adequate cooling had we been there in the heat of summer. By the way, we became convinced that most of the attractions we visited would have been uncomfortably hot if we had been there in the heat of summer. Daily high temperatures during our stay were in the sixties to low seventies (around 20C).The rooms were cleaned each day between 9 a.m. and noon. An included breakfast was served between 7 and 8:30 in the large, double room of the (daylight) basement, with plenty of tables and chairs to accommodate everyone with, at worst a couple of minutes of waiting. This is not a bed and breakfast style meal environment. It is more like a fast food restaurant. The tables are close enough that one can initiate conversations with other guests, but doing so was the exception. Breakfast began with a little pot of (probably freeze-dried) coffee, or a little pot of (strongly steeped, even before it arrives at the table) tea, or (not on the menu) a little pot of hot chocolate, plus white bread toast or (not on the menu) other types of toast, like wheat. For a first course, one could choose a small glass of real orange juice or corn flakes with milk (admittedly, not a typical either/or pair), or (not on the menu) cheerios or muesli instead of corn flakes and yogurt instead of milk. The main course choices were a fried egg (though, again not on the menu, one could request over easy or scrambled) with bacon and beans, or two soft boiled eggs, or slices of ham and tomato.There was a computer available for guests, including free internet access, though no printer (which would have been useful for printing boarding passes). Some tour tickets were purchasable at the front desk at cost, which is a convenient service. There are lots of brochures available at the front desk. The proprietors were happy to hold our bags after we checked out, until it was time for us to head back to the airport.	
Jun 24 2007 	Two thumbs up!!	Paul and Bernard run an excellent little hotel!! They are like your favorite uncles--joking with the guests while efficiently serving breakfast. Five of us stayed three nights in a double and the triple room. The triple room is quite large and on the lower level which made it very quiet. It overlooks a sweet courtyard. As others have posted, the hotel is very clean. Bathrooms are clean and quite large. The English breakfast served each morning is a fun and enjoyable way to start the day. We either used the Pimlico tube station or Bus #24 to get around. There is a Sainsbury market close by. Also, the Jugged Hare on Vauxhall Bridge Road is a good place for pub grub. We would definitely use the Luna &amp; Simone again.	
Jun 23 2007 	Very convenient	Our family of five including two teenagers spent one night at the Luna and Simone in transit through London back to the United States. It was exceptionally convenient and only a ten minute walk to Victoria Station and the Gatwick Epxress. The beds were a bit hard, but the rooms were exceptionally clean and the staff was truly friendly in assisting us with luggage and an early checkout. (NOTE: The Pimlico underground station is a bit closer than Victoria and much less congested for those seeking to start tours to other parts of the city.)	
Jun 19 2007 	Great Location for travelling to and from Gatwick	Our family of four just returned from London via Gatwick airport and we stayed our last night at the Luna &amp;Simone hotel. It was a simple walk from the hotel to Victoria staton to catch the Gatwick Express which saved us time and lots of money and anxiety getting to the airport. The hotel had lovely rooms at a good price and the service was excellent. The family that runs the hotel was helpful and cheerful and helped us finish our trip to Europe on a high note.	
Jun 13 2007	Good Value	Good location near Victoria Station, resturants, and bus lines. Liked the full breakfast that came with the room. Also the free computer station to get internet was nice. Very friendly, helpful staff. The room was small but didn't spend much time in it - and it was quiet.	
