	might be god for you! but not for me!	it was such a lovely hotel with an amazing view and location. but the disappointment start at the stay,... where your breakfast room service waitress is pathetic. she doesnt speak english correctly.. was not even able to take my order properly. and has attitude. i was supposed to go early with my tummy full but was not able to .... other staff was ok. the room was small and no option to upgrade was given. i would not like to choose it again... may be but no...	
	Will return and would highly recommend	We stayed in an Executive Suite for three nights recently at the end of a long-haul trip and could hardly fault the hotel. The service is exemplary - nothing was too much trouble. The Head Concierge Darren Briggs is a charming and knowledgeable gentleman who dealt efficiently and promptly with our requests.The one idiosyncracy was that each morning they managed to get our breakfast slightly wrong however this was rectified immediately as soon as it was brought to the staff's attention but this really is a case of trying to find fault.The suite in which we stayed was filled with antiques and was particularly charming - if you are looking for state of the art formica surfaces and flat-screen TVs you should perhaps consider a Novotel but if you are looking for a hotel that goes the extra mile to ensure an outstanding experience for its guests then you should certainly consider this excellent hotel - my family and I will certainly be returning.	
	Pretty Good	Pretty good although not really sure why fellow TA contributors have placed this hotel currently at number 7. Location must be the best thing about this place…5 mins from Green Park underground and 10/15 mins walk from Piccadilly Circus. We had diner at Murano which is less than a minutes walk away. Most of the staff were absolutely charming but not all of them. The main problem is the hotel style and décor….there is a minuscule line between shabby chic and just shabby….unfortunately I am not convinced this place is on the right side of it! We were upgraded to a junior suite which was a little disappointing and the bathroom nothing special. In my opinion there are some better hotels for the money.	
Nov 25 2009 	Nice hotel staff very helpfull excellent location	Stayed here on business purposes. Arrived late at night by underground from Heathrow - very close to Green Park station (10 minutes walk). Checked in and got upgrade to twin room. Not too big. bathroom actually small, but convenient (coffee/tea making facilities, hairdryer, ironing board, complimentary water, bathroom amenities, bathrobe). Beds very good. Breakfast menu for warm items. Helpfull and service minded staff. Very close to main shopping street (Oxford street, New Bond street, Picadilly Circus - all within a 10-15 minutes walk). Would certainly stay here again!	
Nov 25 2009 	Great Location	Great Location, for restaurants and shopping but it has very small rooms. The service is very good.	
Nov 21 2009 	Best boutique hotel ever!!	My husband and I stayed at the Chesterfield Mayfair for three nights in October and we couldn't have been happier: The accommodations were excellent, the personnel attentive, the breakfast copious and delicious and the location of the hotel perfect for exploring London on foot. We have absolutely nothing to criticize about this hotel and will definitely stay there again on our return to London.	
Nov 20 2009 	Highly Recomended	Following our Celebratory Birthday/Anniversary stay in the Chesterfield [14 Nov 2009] (Our 2nd Stay @The Chesterfield) - I will post the following:The Chesterfield Mayfair: A Wonderful Hotel - Just the right size not to be too imposing/sprawling, whilst also being just the right size to keep it feeling homely. This together with the excellent welcoming service makes the Chesterfield a truly marvellous hotel.Superb Hotel, Superb Restaurant, Superb Staff - SUPERB!Highly Recommended.	
Nov 15 2009 	Impeccible service as only the British can do it.	My wife and I stayed at the Chesterfield Mayfair for four nights in a junior suite. My son and his wife joined us for the first two nights when we dined at the hotel's Butler's restaurant. Every aspect of the hotel service was outstanding from the moment our taxi pulled up and the doorman helped us out, to the desk staff and through to every aspect of our stay. The neighborhood is quiet and charming. They serve a true English breakfast and dinner for my wife's birthday was quite special. The reputation for their Dover sole is well deserved. We have been to London many times and stayed in fine hotels but the Chesterfield is our new first choice for our next stay.	
Nov 15 2009 	Highly recommended!	We stayed at the Chesterfield Hotel as part of a weekend theatre break package. We had booked a King Room and were upgraded to a Suite on arrival - what luxury. It was my birthday and I received a signed birthday card from all the staff - nice personal touch. Although the hotel was busy, it didn't feel like it - very calm. Breakfast was included in our package and was excellent with great service. I would have no hesitation in returning to this hotel and recommend it to all.	
Nov 6 2009 	Loved it! Book it!	I really enjoyed my stay at The Chesterfield Mayfair Hotel and will recommend thehotel to friends, family and business partners. The Chesterfield Mayfair is by far the best hotel I have ever stayed at in London. Although the rooms are small, the attention of the staff, the unique surroundings and the general perception of luxury and calmness made the stay really memorable. Every positive review you have read about The Chesterfield Mayfair is absolutely true. I always spend a lot of time to find the best hotel when I'm travelling, and after some hours of search I found this hotel. It absolutely lived up to my expectations and standards. Loved it! Book it!	
Nov 5 2009 	A Mayfair Gem	This hotel is a hidden gem. The service is top notch and the Mayfair location is wonderful.	
Nov 5 2009 	SPECIAL BIRTHDAY TREAT	From the moment we arriived the staff were wonderfull. Knowing it was my birthday Chris would bow and kiss my hand whenever he saw me,&quot;now i know what royalty feels like&quot;.Thanks to all the friendlly staff {who all signed a birthday card for me} Myself and all my friends had a fantastic weekend. Hotel location was within easy reach of many famous attractions but situated in a quiet area where traffic noise was minimal.We all had english breakfasts ordered and cooked to each individual taste.Each of the 3 rooms were luxuriously furnished.I will most definitely stay here again..	
Nov 4 2009 	Spectacular location extremely friendly and attentive service great rooms"	When we checked in, we were given an upgrade to a suite. This was awesome because we were travelling with our two daughters, so it made our stay much more comfortable than staying in two rooms. Our daughters were delighted with the Wi included in the room and with the nightly gifts that the hotel left on top of their beds. At night when we all went back to the hotel, our daughters would run to their room anxious to find which little surprise was waiting for them. The staff was incredibly friendly and attentive. It is easy to find in every hotel one particular employee who has provided exemplary service. It is rare to find a hotel like the Chesterfield where every single employee provides exemplary service. They all made us feel welcome and went out of their way to make our stay memorable. The location could not be better. Very near Hyde park, right next to amazing shopping and great restaurants. Overall, a wonderful experience. Would not think about going to another hotel in our next London trip.	
Nov 1 2009 	Wonderful Hotel!	My wife and several family members and friends have stayed several times at the Chesterfield Mayfair over the past five years. It's not the cheapest hotel in London, but if you're looking for quintessentially British impeccable service, luxurously appointed rooms, great bar and restaurant, and a great location in Mayfair with easy walking to Shephard Market and Oxford Street be sure to stay at the at the Chesterrfield.	
Oct 29 2009 	A Real Gem- Can't Wait To Return	The net bottom line is that The Chesterfield Mayfair is a real gem. We spent five nights here this week in two rooms- one junior suite and one double room. Our expectations were high after reading all of the comments and we were not let down. Upon arrival we were given a tour of the hotel and then accompanied upstairs to see our rooms. Both rooms were lovely and well thought out. Our rooms were next to each other as requested. We filled out a checklist before check in, and everything that we noted was in the room. This included our choice of pillows and duvets, a printer and drivers for my laptop, and converters and plugs. A yoga mat was in my daughter's room as requested. The double room even had two closets in it. The couch in the suite even had a rather large full drawer underneath with the equivalent space of another three deep drawers. The desks were large with small storage drawers. As others have commented, the desk drawer had office supplies in there- clips, staplers, etc., should one need to work. A full layout for coffee and tea in the room, complete with coffee press and biscuits, was well appreciated by all each day. The bottles of still and sparking water were always replaced each morning. Apples were always available in the lobby and were a great snack either on the way up to our rooms or on the way out for the day. There was always a place to plug in our multiple cell phones, hair blowers, laptops, and camera batteries. There were more available outlets than I've seen in any US and European hotels. The room was spotless each day and maid service came in the evening to turn down the beds and leave some amenity like pillow spray or foot lotion. Their hair blower was great- don't even bother to pack your own like we did! There were even interesting and current magazines to read in the room- In Style, Gardening, Cooking, etc.The staff was incredibly upbeat and helpful, including all management, front desk, concierge and restaurant staff. We had emailed the concierge prior to our arrival regarding theatre tickets, and all tickets were waiting for us upon arrival. Email exchange was prompt and very helpful with regard to touring and tickets. In terms of location, we were a few blocks from the Green Park Station and walking distance from the theatre district, Buckingham Palace, Oxford St, Regent St. and even Covent Gardens. Somehow we even walked the longer distances to the London Eye and to Parliament although we took a cab back that afternoon. Once we learned of the Oyster Card for the Underground we left from Green Park each day. We ate a few our dinners in nearby Shepard’s Market. Breakfast each day was delicious. Even though we had the full English breakfast in our room rate, we could order from the menu and also from the buffet as well. Great cappuccino! I have traveled to London about 15 times prior for business, but decided to visit again, purely as a tourist, with our oldest daughter. I have always stayed either in Claridges, The Landmark, The Dorchester, or The Four Seasons , so my expectations for this hotel were lower in terms of services, room amenities, and staff. I expected to be staying in a small hotel with limited services. I can tell you that this is not the case at all. We can't wait to return. The hotel is just lovely, including both of our rooms and all public spaces. This hotel should be one everyone's short list and is a great value. Feel free to email me with any questions that you may have.	
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent service lovely hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Chesterfield Mayfair about 4 years ago and I just stayed there this past weekend, Oct 24-26. Some US friends were in town for the NFL game that was played at Wembley Stadium on the 25th and wanted to stay at this hotel so thought I'd give it another try, so glad I did.The hotel was lovely just as it was the last time I was there. Things looked better than before though, common areas appeared to be the same only nicer. My room wa nearly identical to the one I'd stayed in before, lovely amenities and per usual, the room and bathroom were spotlessly clean.The main thing I did note this time around (it was fine last time as well) was the service, it was outstanding and everyone on the hotel staff from front desk to waitstaff and to housekeeping seemed to want guests to feel as if the Chesterfield were their home away from home and all were treated just as we would treat a treasured guest in our own homes.It's nice to see good hotel become even better!	
Oct 26 2009 	Look no further! The best place to stay in London.	The positive reviews on this hotel are spot on!. This hotel is excellent. It oozes homely comfort. Staff are friendly and attentive. Great location, just a couple of minutes walk to the Ritz (where the Evan Evans tour busses pick-up from), Oxford St shopping, and top rated restaurants. Just around the corner is Murano (a Gordon Ramsay restaurant) this place is perfection in food &amp; service. We were pleasantly surprised when we were welcomed and seated by Jean-Philippe (the Maitre 'D from the Hell's Kitchen tv show). Hotel breakfast &amp; dinner was top quality. What else to say. Worst part about our stay was having to leave for Paris.	
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent	Excellent weekend stay. Great Mayfair location. 'Mayfair' weekend package excellent value - late checkout, breakfast, afternoon tea and bottle of Champagne. Room small, but comfortable - good attention to detail - robes, foot lotion (!), tea/coffee, free wi-fi etc etc. Staff very friendly and helpful. Best Central London Hotel I've been to.	
Oct 22 2009 	A Lovely Place to Stay in London	The Chesterfield is a top choice in a city where hotels are generally too expensive or too minimal. the Chesterfield is a delightful luxury establishment whose prices are often comparable to very good chain hotels rather than ultra luxury establishments. The staff is incredible, tremendously competent, friendly and accommodating without being overbearing. The breakfast is magnificent - ask when booking - if the hotel will include it in your room rate. Dinner is also outstanding, among other treats, some of the best Yorkshire Pudding in England. The Chesterfield is more a home away from home that a typical hotel and that is the reason why it has so many repeat clients who will stay nowhere else while in London.	
Oct 22 2009	Classic hotel in the heart of Mayfair	The Chesterfield was just had we had hoped, we were not disappointed. The very informative Web site indicated what we were to expect. From the time my daughter and I arrived we were made to feel very welcome. We had a quick tour around the hotel while our bags were taken to our room. The room was very comfortable with everything you would expect in a 4 star hotel and more ( the lovely soft slippers supplied). Unfortunately our stay was only for one night, as we were attending the Dorchester for a charity event, and we did not sample the Evening meal but the selection at Breakfast was excellent. I would recommend this Hotel and staff any time.	
Oct 21 2009 	WOW!	A completely huge surprise. Better than our most optimistic expectations. Even our cab drivers said we had found a real gem. Comfortable,quietly elegant, first class in every way. The diverse staff and management was superbly competent, knowledgeable and couldn't be friendlier. On a light note. Try the English breakfast- the Losely yoghurt alone is worth the price. This hotel should be rated 5 stars!!D. Brooks &amp; M. Olson - N. California	
Oct 20 2009 	Another lovely stay at - The Chesterfield	Stayed with my husband and my parents on Friday and Saturday evenings on the hotels 'Mayfair Weekends' package, which included amongst other things, a bottle of champagne in each room, a full English breakfast each morning and an afternoon tea. We all thought this deal was very good value. The breakfasts and the afternoon tea were delicious! Our room on this occassion was a little on the small side, but was very well appointed, beautifully decorated and serviced to a high standard.We have all been to this hotel on several occassions now, and always find the standard to be excellent. We particularly enjoyed the bar each evening where there was a pianist playing.This is our favourite London Hotel, although others that we have been to in the same group, Red Carnation, have all been very good and of a similar standard. Would highly recommend.	
Oct 16 2009 	A Totally Delightful Experience	From the moment I arrived at The Chesterfield Mayfair Hotel I was looked after by very attentive staff in beautiful suroundings. Although my room was fairly small it was extremely relaxing and comfortable and I slept well. My stay there was perfect.	
Oct 14 2009 	Might have slipped a little	I really hate to write any negative comments as we had adopted this hotel over the last 4 years. We have spend more than 15 nights in this hotel. This last visit we received a room that at least seemed smaller than the ones that we have received in the past. Room service delivered a cool meal because it was not covered. We were also not told we needed to book a table for the &quot;Afternoon Tea&quot; when we check in and therefore we ended up with room service &quot;Afternoon Tea&quot;. The concierge service remains top notch as was the front staff. Wish I could say we will be returning but we are giving it second thoughts.	
Oct 12 2009 	Unadulterated Lavishness - just what the Dr ordered!	Just back from a few nights stay at this gorgeous hotel. It was our 3rd stay and I have to say, our best yet (not that we were disappointed on the other occasions – far from it!). We were spoilt rotten and made to feel ‘at home’ from the minute we walked in the door. The Concierge even remembered our name!In fact, all the staff are fabulous, nothing was too much effort and our needs were anticipated before we even knew what they were ourselves!We dined in the Restaurant twice and had the most delicious dinners. Breakfast was fit for a King and never ending. We tucked up cosily in our stunning bedroom and ordered room service which arrived promptly and was just divine. Afternoon tea was full of delightful cakes and surprises – the only complaint was we ate too far much.If you’re after a truly relaxing weekend we highly recommend this perfectly situated hotel. It’s stunning inside and stunning outside – with some of the worlds’ best parks and shops right on your doorstep. What more could you want!	
Oct 11 2009 	Promoting trip advisor - if you liked it............	When we had paid the bill and checked out, the staff member asked it I enjoyed my stay, upon replying yes (to be polite) I was aksed if I new about the Trip Advisor web site. I wonder if people are reading a skewed sample if only people who liked it get asked to do reviews?Anyway - we stayed for nine nights in the Chesterfield Suite and based on the web site and the price had high expectations which were not met. Check in was good and the introduction for the room very good. The decor of the room is impressive if you like it which we did not. Overfurnished with too much in the room which was filled with furnitured which was painted silver with black antiquing - ick. The bed was comfortable but the long thin pillows on the King bed were not comfortable. The TV was sequestered in the console and was old and had bad reception (annoying when I spent a day in bed with foor poisoning). The room had a damp smell which didn't go away. You couldn't open the window to let in fresh air and the carpet was quite grotty (we only noticed it when we spilt some tea and cleaned it up with a towel and shampoo thus causing a clean spot)The bathroom was tiny and asked you to becareful with water as there was an 18th century fresco in the room underneath but the hotel had oddly not installed a drain in the bathroom floor to manage the problem themselves. The bathroom was small and if you had broad shoulders (which I do) you couldn't sit back on the toilet. Its definitely a one person bathroom. There was a shower and a bath (which had a spa) as seperate entity but both were small and using the bathroom was quite challenging. The bathrrom ventilation was quite bad and it often retained a fecal odour which is unpleasant.Staffing is quite hit and miss. We had one great concierge and a couple of very bored and uniterested ones. Some of the waiting staff are great some couldn't care. All the poeple who serviced our room did a great and very consistently good job. You don't want to arrive back at your hotel to see the doorman see your car and disappear round the corner for a smoke at eleven on a Saturday night. Weekend and evening staff in the lobby were generally quite bad and not knowledgeable. If you promote the 'Chesterfield Experience' your guests will expect it. The bar staff on the one night we used the bar were lovely apart from a very rude and drunk non hotel guest who, when he was not asleep on the bar at one in the morning, abused me, my wife and two other hotel guests. This needs to be managed - especially when we complained saw the night manager dress down the worker in front of us. Incidentally well done Chris and well done Petra two very good staff.Food - a poached egg is the best test of any hotel kitchen. Failed 6/8. Breakfast in the dining room a few days and room service on the others. Room service was good but really just OK breakfast eggs often hard. Served a broken and overcooked egg on two occassions in the dining room. Breakfast buffet good but not outstanding. Had room service on two occasions for dinner and food arrived not as described on the menu. Thick cut chips are not French fries and when you ask the waiter they reply the menu is wrong - so reprint the menu. Second night well done burgers came medium rare again with fries and the salad was wrong. Sent it back to get no salad returned and long wait for burger still with fries. Night manager (same one) was not really interested.So what did we like? The lady who looks after the dogs - she is fab, the decor in the lobby, the fruit by the lift, walking in Hyde Park, paper delivered daily, The beautiful bowls of red carnations and fresh flowers but for the money and inconsistency we won't be back	
Oct 9 2009 	What a treat!	A friend and I were spending a weekend in London and booked this hotel through Superbreak.com. What an absolute bargain we got. I'd read the reviews online so knew that the hotel had a good reputation but for the price we paid I wouldn't have been surprised if we'd been given the shoe cupboard! Check in was a breeze...we arrived just before noon and were given our room keys ( room 401) and very soon after we'd gotten in reception rang to make sure everything was OK. The room, although small( the space between the twin beds was inches..), was immaculate, as was the bathroom. Lovely snuggly robes, and a welcome touch of slippers. Plenty of storage and the tea tray provided was brilliant, it even had a cafetiere. The beds were very comfortable, our room was at the back of the hotel and we heard no noise whatsoever. Turn down service is provided, the staff here are just lovely.Breakfast ( which was included in our deal) was absolutely gorgeous, again the staff were brilliant.The proximity to the tube station is great..I enjoyed the walk down Queens St , and then through the little alley way. Some beautiful places to wander. If I am ever lucky enough to get the chance to saty here again, I'll jump at it	
Oct 8 2009 	Even better than its splendid reputation.	We had an excellent trip to London because of our stay at The Chesterfield Mayfair. The staff was superb from the front desk to to the hotel's management. Butler's Restaurant in the hotel was as good as the best in London and that's saying a lot. The food, preparation, service and ambiance was top notch. We started each day with a breakfast that was extravagant and absolutely wonderful. I would recommend it to any traveler in search of comfort and elegance. To top it all off, the hotel was a short walk to Green Park, the tube, and the best shopping in town. Regards to all and thanks again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Friendly staff	We stayed at this hotel based upon other reviews we saw on tripadviser. Good location!We were most impressed by the staff, all were friendly and always helpful. We stayed 4 nights before we left on our cruise and 1 night after the cruise before we flew back home to San Francisco. The first room we stayed in, &quot;the music room&quot;, for the 4 nights was a small but adequate. Our biggest complaint was the surround shower configuration which, if used as intended sprayed the bathroom with water.We enjoyed the bar and the breakfast offered and ate dinner once in the dinning room. We thought the dinner was OK but not worth the price. We expected more in quality and choice. The evening we ate there their were only a few other people in the room. Could it be a reflection of the quality of the food. The quality of the service and staff in the dinning room was was outstanding. We decided not to eat dinner there again.The last night we stayed before returning to the States we were given a different room which was a bit larger and more comfortable than the &quot;music room&quot;.When we return to London we would stay here again. My wife and I are both 66.	
Oct 6 2009 	Even the cat was pampered...	We spent nearly 2 weeks at the Chesterfield while we waited for our home in London to be ready. See we came to London from the states and needed a place that would accommodate the four of us and a cat. It was a pleasure. They even made Cali, our cat, feel at home, with visits while we were away sightseeing. The African Suite was gorgeous! We would gladly stay there again.	
Oct 5 2009 	Making business on a weekend brilliant	We stayed at the Chesterfield on Friday &amp; Saturday as we had an event in the hotel over the weekend. We encouraged our delegates to do the same. They thanked us.As an event organiser you can imagine my delight when the feedback sheets on Sunday were filled with compliments on the quality of the venue, amazing service by the staff and everyone raved about the food!The conference team could not have been more helpful, even when we wanted to rearranged our set up three times they dived in to help with a smile and a real attitude that they wanted to help. Our room was stunning. I work and travel with my wife and we agreed that we must book some leisure time at the Chesterfield so we can really enjoy all of the facilities. The location of the hotel is quite special too. In the heart of one of the wealthiest areas of London, it’s worth taking walk down the road to snoop at the Bentleys and explore the squares.We have visited this hotel several times and without a doubt know we will be back very soon.	
Oct 3 2009 	fantastic!!!	my husband and I stayed here for our wedding anniversary for three nights. From the moment we arrived we were treated like royalty. checking in was a breeze and the reception staff were so lovely, friendly and helpful especially Julien.they even wished us a happy anniversary, which was lovely.nothing was a problem, everything was handled with care and courtesy. the surroundings are plush and luxurious but not so overly stuffy that you cant relax. in fact it was the most relaxing experience ive ever had. the hotel itself is so well presented and clean. the decor is beautiful and we were so happy with our room. the room was quite small but very well presented and had everything one would need during a stay. we found the bed was the most comfortable we had ever slept in(and my husband and I are fussy). there was tea and coffee with biscuits, still and sparkling water and bathrobes-all of which I find so important in a hotel. the bathrobes were so cosy. there was a bottle of champagne waiting for us in our room and a box of chocolates for our anniversary. even the small touches like two chocolates wrapped in a voile bag left on our pillows, then another night a bottle of pillow spray to help you sleep, then on our last night a box of bath salts. lovely!! there was heating and airconditioning in the room so we never got top warm or cold. we ordered room service the first night and the young man who served us was so polite and friendly. couldnt have been nicer. the room service food was divine!!really delicious. that was our only time eating in the hotel however as we were out sightseeing every day and ate in different restaurants each evening. the breakfast buffet and selection is to be commended. the staff in the breakfast room were delightful and made us feel so welcome and at home. the selsction in the buffet was magnificent-every sort of fruit imaginable including poached pears and stewed apricots which were the nicest i have ever eaten!!! so mnay different types of cereals and toppings, croissants, baked goods, yummy yoghurts, several types of freshly squeezed juices. the list goes on. we were also able to order a hot breakfast from the menu and again the selection was amazing. i tried the pancakes(delicious), porridge(fantastic) and sausage and egg.my husband had eggs every morning, cooked a different way every morning. oh and just to say the concierge was so helpful and such a lovely man. we cannot fault this hotel on anything. it is top class and we were so sad to be leaving it. we will definatly stay there again if we return to london. well done chesterfield mayfair!!!	
Oct 2 2009 	Wish I had enough money to stay here every time I come to London...	This is an oustanding hotel. The staff are exceptionally pleasant and helpful, arriving at the hotel one is made to feel instantly at home. It is very well located and presented, (lovely flower arrangements)but small enough to feel relaxed. Our car was parked for us and retrieved when we left: a real boon in central London.Our room was not large, but every effort had been made to make it comfortable and it was well furnished and decorated. The bed was large and comfortable and the hospitality tray was restocked when the bed was turned down in the evening which was welcome on a late return.We were here for a wedding in the hotel itself, and this was well organised and the wedding room appropriatly presented. Other guests had also much enjoyed their experience of the hotel, I heard nothing but praise.	
Oct 1 2009 	Wow this hotel was lovely clean friendly helpful and the staff was professional.	We arrived at The Chesterfield Mayfair and the staff helped us with our luggage, gave us a welcome card and also brought snacks to our room in the evening. The service by the staff was impeccable. We had a delicious breakfast every morning in the hotel restaurant . Our room was immaculate, the bed was very comfortable, the bedding was outstanding and we had free internet service.The doorman helped us with information about sightseeing and set up a sightseeing tour guide for us. The only problem we had was that the safe, in our room, was not bolted down and someone could have walked off with it.We would definitely stay at the Chesterfied Mayfair again and because our experience was so good, we will stay at their affiliate hotels also.	
Oct 1 2009 	HONESTLY - THE BEST HOTEL IN LONDON !!!!	Have just come home from a night in the Chesterfied Mayfair London. (1st October 2009)From the moment you walk through the door, you are treated like royality. Everyone looks happy and pleased to do things for you. Your bags are whisked to your room. The rooms are so spacious and elegant. Everything is fine quality, beautifully clean. It really is a home from home. The beds are huge and so, so comfy. The linen is crisp and cold and the throws velvets and mohair. All sheer luxury. I watched tv in the bath!!! Free canapies were delivered to our room and we had a free couple of sherries before going to dinner !The next morning the breakfast was outstanding - everything tasted delicious and the choices were fantastic. You could not possibly choose a better hotel for luxury, service, comfort, location and most importantly value. It is worth every penny. Even my husband was impressed and he has stayed everywhere in the uk and abroad on business.	
Oct 1 2009 	Some problems but still highly recommend	We had the Garden Room (junior suite).Pros - The Chesterfield is very generous with the amenities. We always had bottled water (still and sparkling) at no charge, wi-fi was free, and there was always something sweet on our pillows after turn-down. Big, fluffy robes, too. The staff was friendly, polite and helpful (with one exception). The hotel is clean, crisp, and perfectly located for exploring London whether by cab, tour bus, or on foot. Lots of great shops and restaurants close by. While not great, the hotel's own restaurant is good. Our room was mostly quiet (with another exception).Cons - The hotel is old and our windows were leaky. The room always smelled of fried food. Trucks with back-up beepers did something in an adjacent alley every morning starting at 4AM. Also, an adjacent building renovation project fired up at approx 6:30AM every day. We asked to be moved twice, but were blown off by a polite but unconcerned desk clerk. Pro from a con - Because of the noise and smell, we decided to check out a day early. When the manager heard this she literally ran into the lobby apologizing and asking us what she could do to change our minds. She even offered to move us into a full suite for the night. We'd already booked - and paid for - a room at The Ritz, so we left anyway. Shortly after we got home, we got an email from the Chesterfield with another apology, an assurance that the desk clerk was receiving extra training, and the offer of a free night in another junior suite should we return. Now THAT is customer service.Despite the problems, we really liked the Chesterfield and I don't hesitate to recommend it. We'll go back if we can.	
Oct 1 2009 	wonderful hotel i will come back	I am a Chinese and I chose this hotel from the website before my UK trip. So I hope my comments would be helpful to you. The hotel is in a very good location, minutes to many tourist places. The rooms inside have lovely traditional English decoration. and they are quiet which is very important for travellors. The breakfast in it is also lovely with various fruits choices and many hot dishes. I loved the porridge with cream. They also offered whisky on side for the porridge. Interesting to me, as a foreigner. One more advantage of the hotel is free access to the Internet. This is the only 4-star hotel with free Internet service in the central London that I could found. I will definitely recommend the hotel.	
Sep 28 2009 	Excellent but pricey hotel	As good as it gets in London: clean and luxurious but small room (even though we had a suite), good service, and excellent location. A very pleasant place. However, the building is understandably old, this being central London, so just hope nothing breaks down during the hours when the mechanic is off duty.	
Sep 27 2009 	Nice botique hotel in a very classy area	Recently stayed at the Chesterfield for seven nights. I decided to upgrade to a junior suite based on reports of other rooms on the small side. The upgrade did not come cheap, but I think it was worth it based on a longer seven night stay. I stayed in the Berkely suite which is on the second floor. The suite was large enough though not particularly well-designed in that there was no way to watch TV and eat a dinner unless you moved some of the furniture around. The bathroom was small but clean and had two showers though one was not even large enough to turn around in. The room was on the street side and I could hear some street sounds, but was never bothered by this. It was also difficult to figure out how all the light switches worked. Overall, however, the room ended up being just fine for my purposes. I tried room service several evenings and was greatly impressed by the service and the quality of the food. Highly recommend the grilled salmon and the lamb chops. As mentioned by others, the staff is very friendly and efficient and more than willing to help with any problems. In summary, I can highly recommend this hotel even though it does have its quirky side.	
Sep 26 2009 	Perfect Location Professional Staff	Stayed for 6 nights. We arrived early but was able to check-in right away. Graciously greeted by the doorman and our luggage quickly whisked away. The staff was professional--quite attentive without being intrusive. Room was very pleasant and clean and the size was quite adequate, especially for London. Enjoyed the different goodies left on our pillows every night. Room service was prompt. Location is perfect--it is in a very quiet, residential neighborhood close to Green Park Tube and many attractions. Shepherd's Market is nearby where there are many choices of restaurants. There is a small Tesco and a bigger Sainsbury's within walking distance--great for picking up snacks. I would have given a perfect rating of 5 except for two things: my morning paper not delivered 2 days in a row--I had to remind the staff twice. The staff was very apologetic each time. Also the price of their full English breakfast--£22. But again with its great location, many restaurants closeby where you can get a FEB for less than half the price. Otherwise, still enjoyed the stay. It was a beautiful hotel and would not hesitate staying here again.	
Sep 23 2009 	Excellent two nights at the Chesterfield	Excellent two-night stay at the Chesterfield. Very clean, staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms were decent enough size and quiet! Perfect location, near restaurants, the tube and sightseeing. Breakfast was ample and we ate dinner at the restaurant and the food was very good. The only complaint was that the water pressure in the shower was weak (could it be b/c I stayed at the top floor?).I would definitely stay at the Chesterfield again.	
Sep 22 2009 	Service as it should be.	I love this hotel! The Chesterfield Hotel is elegantly old fashioned without being in the least bit fuddy-duddy. From the moment you check in, you will see how charming and efficient the staff are-if only customer service everywhere was like this. The bedrooms are nicely furnished and the bathrooms spotless with good lighting (often not the case in other hotels). Having sampled breakfast, afternoon tea and dinner here recently with my sisters and Mother, I couldn't fault anything we ate and neither could they - and being a chef myself, I can be quite critical! The location is perfect for sight-seeing, theatre, shopping etc and on top of all that, the room rates are much better value than similar hotels in London. Can't wait to go back!	
Sep 20 2009 	Delicious afternoon tea and brilliant service	I went to this hotel for an afternoon tea. The selection of the cakes and pastries were excellent. The sandwiches were a hit and the scones were amazing, best we have ever tasted. Will definately be back for another afternoon tea.	
Sep 20 2009 	Brilliant hotel - Location good for easy stroll into heart of London	Staff very welcoming and helpfulRoom well appointed. Good facilities and decor.Breakfast very good although expensive if its not included in the room rate.Quiet, not subject to the usual London traffic hum drum.Overall very pleased and will stay again.	
Sep 18 2009	A cozy gem in Mayfair	Traveling to London with my dad we chose the Chesterfield Mayfair because of its proximity to everything. As a first time visitor to London, it was such a great location. Close to the tube, Buckingham Palace, St. James Park, I felt like we could walk almost everywhere.The rooms were very well appointed, a bit small for the singles, but well set up with the TV also doubling as a computer station with internet access in each room. The bathrooms were tiled in beautiful marble floor to ceiling. The most convenient part about being an American traveler is the US outlets in each room. I didn't have to dig out my converter at all and that was a small touch that made a huge difference for me.We grabbed a coffee one morning from the bar in near the lobby, but decided that for what it was it was completely overpriced. There are many cafes in the neighborhood that offer much better and more affordable options.Overall, it was great to be so close to everything, activities, attractions, restaurants and pubs. Next visit I have no reason to stay anywhere else.	
Sep 17 2009 	another chill out weekend	how lucky are we to have stayed at this hotel twice in one month! we ate drank and shopped. we had a lovely room on the seventh floor which was bigger then the last one we stayed in. we always eat at el pirata a spanish tapas resteraunt on friday night if we are in london, ask oneof the concierge at the desk for directions its about 5 mins from hotel, just a great place to eat. the staff at the chesterfield were as lovely and helpful as ever, i could quite happily live in this hotel, i wish!!!! we also went to the new westfield shopping centre in sheperds bush, its worth the trip if you like shops, i do.this hotel is great for seeing central london on foot as its close to all the major sights you would want to see.	
Sep 11 2009 	Excellent	A truly excellent hotel. The staff was perfect, from the doorman to the housekeeper. Great location; close to Green Park tube station and Hyde Park. The English breakfast was ample and very tasty. The single room I had was a little small, but that did not bother me. The rooms were air-conditioned which was nice during the warm weather we had. But the really great thing: my BA flight from SFO was canceled due to engine problems at 1 AM. Using my iPhone, I emailed the Chesterfied just hours before I was to have checked-in and informed them of the delay. At that point they could have charged me for one night. But they did not. I am now a loyal customer and will always stay at the Chesterfield when in London.	
Sep 9 2009	Finest hotel wonderful staff perfect stay	My sister and I stayed here on the Mayfair Weekends Package at the beginning and end of a 2-week tour of England (3 nights each time). We were greeted as we exited the taxi from Paddington, our luggage was quickly taken care of, and we were escorted to our room, a superior twin (non-smoking--and the hotel goes non-smoking as of 1 September!). The room wasn't huge, but it was certainly enough, with the 2 closets, to suit us. Beds were very comfortable, and the climate control was efficient. That evening, while we were out exploring, a bottle of marvelous champagne was delivered to our room, and our beds were turned down, with a small bag of treats for us. As part of the package, we enjoyed a full English breakfast each morning, and the restaurant staff is simply wonderful. Prompt, friendly service, very welcoming and yet professional. There were fresh croissants (chocolate and plain) out of the oven, fresh fruit, yogurt, a fruit and cream concoction, smoothies, and we ordered oatmeal cooked in milk with cream, brown sugar and whiskey every day (incredibly good!!). Also as part of the package, we enjoyed afternoon tea at the hotel, a full meal in itself, and it certainly sufficed for dinner. Excellent sandwiches, rich pastries, and of course, fresh scones with all the trimmings of a cream tea. The concierge assisted us with directions to wherever we wanted to go, including a recommendation for a local pub with the best fish and chips. The hotel is located close to the Green Park tube station, and it is an easy 10-15 minute walk to Buckingham Palace, Hyde Park, and the shopping on Oxford Street--location is obviously prime. It is also next to Dartmouth House, where we had lunch one day. The lounge is open all night, and there was live piano music when we sat there of an evening. We had dinner there one night--very good! It is difficult to say what I liked the best about the Chesterfield Mayfair, but I suppose I would have to say the staff--professional, thoughtful, good people. And you know what I liked the least: leaving!	
Sep 8 2009 	Exceptional Hotel	We recently spent 6 nights at the Chesterfield and cannot say enough good things about our stay. The hotel itself is convenient to all the major tourist sites and the rooms were comfortable and quiet. However, it was the hotel staff that made our stay memorable. From front desk, to bell staff, to the restaurant they were exceptionally professional, courteous and competent and went out of their way to make their guests comfortable. We booked a 2 room special which was great for families. We would highly recommend the Chesterfield and plan on staying again when we are lucky enough to return to London.	
Sep 2 2009 	We could not fault The Chesterfield in any way - perfect!	This was our first stay at the Chesterfield and it certainly will not be the last. Our room was beautifully presented and equiped with just about everything you could possibly need, even down to paper clips and stapler (and if there were something more required then I am sure the excellent staff would do their very best to supply it!). The bathroom sparkled and again was fitted to a very high standard, all in perfect working order.Although only staying for one night, we did order food from Room Service, which arrived within 15 mins, as promised and also had food in the bar, all of which was excellent. Our Full English Breakfast the next morining was one of the best we have had in a hotel for a long time.However, the thing that made this hotel stand out from the rest, has to be the wonderful team of the most friendly staff imaginable - every single one was so pleasant and helpful, nothing was too much trouble. A brilliant place to have found.	
Sep 1 2009 	Small Scale Elegance - Great Staff 	My husband and I recently spent 3 nights at the Chesterfield Mayfair Hotel in London and we were not disappointed. The hotel has an elegant boutique feel with special attention to detail. It felt to me like the prototype the Ritz-Carlton might have used to formulate its standard of elegance and service on a larger scale. The staff was attentive, room service was excellent and our stay could not have been more comfortable. The location is convenient to the theatre district and it cost us only about 6 pounds to take a taxi to a play. It is also a very short distance from Picadilly Circus, Buckinham Palace and Herrods. You will not be disappointed if you choose this hotel.	
Sep 1 2009 	Another lovely stay	My wife took me to the Chesterfield as a birthday surprise - combined with a guided tour of Buckingham Palace and dinner at Murano. A fantastic day in every way.The Chesterfield gave me a birthday card signed by all the staff! they do seem to do things properly here. Nice quiet room (ask as those at the front can be a little noisy due to taxis etc) friendly staff and a great location ensure that we will return next time we have a London Break	
Sep 1 2009 	Truly Excellent !	My wife and I stayed at the Chesterfield Mayfair for 3 nights over the August Bank Holiday weekend, this hotel is without doubt the best hotel we have ever had the pleasure of staying at in London. The hotel is located about a 7 minute casual walk from Green Park tube station in the very elite Mayfair District. Without doubt the best part of the hotel is its wonderful attentive staff, before we even got to the door of the hotel the Doorman was running down the street to assist us with our luggage, how he knew we were staying in the Chesterfield I don't know, but he did ! We were welcomed by our name at the reception and the Hotel Duty Manager Ben Saeger greeted us personally and gave us an introductory tour of this wonderful hotel. The personal touch of being continually addressed by our names by all members of staff continued throughout the entirety of our stay, every morning the Housekeeping staff would greet us &quot;Good Morning Mr &amp; Mrs Burr&quot;, as would the restaurant Manager and table waiters, the best of which was Carolina, she was superb and gave such sincere &quot;motherly&quot; attention to us each morning. The rooms at the hotel are furnished with luxury linens and amenities, yes they are a bit on the small side but this is pretty much normal in London unless you pay for Grand Suites, we booked a Superior Room and it was absolutely ideal for our 3 night stay. The hotel Restaurant &quot;Butlers&quot; was excellent, we dined there on our first evening and the quality food and attentive service reminded us of the Cunard Lines White Glove service and standards of old, simply the best ! Book this hotel and it will be your new London home for ever, we can't wait to return !	
Sep 1 2009 	Truly Enigmatic	So many members have rated this hotel as 'perfect' that it makes me wonder about their judgment, or what sort of other hotels they have stayed in. Sure it is nice, and I would stay there again, but there are so many things that simply do not live up to expectations. It is well staffed, maybe even over-staffed, and most of them are professional and genuinely friendly, but overall guest service was no better than average. There were four people behind Reception but none of them could break off whatever it was they were doing to acknowledge that I was there even though I was the only one there. There didn't seem to be any bellhops - only 'managers' - maybe that's why my luggage took about 20 minutes to arrive. The 'manager' showing me to the room just went on and on about wanting me to have a perfect stay at his hotel and I regret to say I played a little trick on him - after 10 minutes or so I gave him a £5 tip (for what?) and he shut up and left immediately. Decor is a personal choice - some rooms pleased me some didn't - but inexcusable was the amateurish workmanship in many places. Windows that rattled, blinds that didn't stay shut or open, silicone sealer in the bathroom just plain ugly daubed on. Doors squeak. Floorboards squeak. There's no excuse for this in the 21st century. I know I'm being critical but I think it's justified when a hotel claims to be so good. The bathroom design in my room was strange - a nice large whirlpool if you like that sort of thing but a shower stall so small you couldn't wash your hair without banging elbows on the faucets. Oh and the plumbing - the hot water took at least five minutes to arrive and when it did come it was almost hot enough to scald. Turning the faucet towards cool had no effect until suddenly you got a cold shower. Very 1950-ish. The bar and the pianist were fine - except for inconsistent air conditioning - cold in some areas, warm in others. Afternoon tea was OK - well almost - I hadn't realized that thick bread with the crusts left on was now considered acceptable for this delicacy. The dining room overall was acceptable but not fabulous - service was slow and meals were not served hot (maybe the kitchens are too far away but even if they are a good restaurant would reheat to sizzling before serving) - two evenings the featured dinner entree was finished and not available as early as 7pm. Breakfast was noticeably mediocre with limited choice, cold, thick toast and service being slow and somewhat inattentive. Some may think I'm being overly critical but just imagine how great it would be if the little things, and a few big ones, were attended to. Also disturbing was some of the clientele - quite a number in the dining room and lounging around the bar and entrance foyer wore clothing that not too long ago would have been considered underwear. As I titled my critique - The Chesterfield is truly enigmatic.	
Aug 30 2009 	Convenient location extremely comfortable and inviting.	This hotel is everything that one would imagine a wonderful English establishment should be. The decor is elegant and reminds one of an English manor, surrounded by horse and hound pictures and beautiful dark woodwork, complete with comfortable library. The staff also compliments the surrounding by making you feel that they are all there at your disposal for whatever your needs may be. The consierge, the matre'd, the chef - everyone we encountered on the staff where congenial, polite and extremely helpful with only our comfort in mind. The location is great - just steps away from wonderful restaurants, within walking distance of Buckingham palace and many other sightseeing destinations. The dining room and bar were both beautiful and the food and drinks excellent.The rooms were very well equiped and extremely comfortable with everything neatly encased with built-in efficiency, including a tea tray -extremely refreshing after a long day of meetings, or sightseeing. The bathrooms were beautiful in marble, including heated floors. My husband and I stayed here for five days, (he on business and I for pleasure) and had a wonderful time. If we have an opportunity to travel again there is no place I would rather stay.	
Aug 28 2009 	Outstanding!!!!	This was the second time staying in this lovely hotel. The staff from the front desk to the dining attendants, to the bartenders and piano player , to the housekeepers, all go above and beyond as far as customer service. The hotel is in a perfect London location in the heart of theater, shopping , food and pubs. Wonderful food and afternoon tea. Loved every minute of my stay here. I'm already making plans for my next stay there--can hardly wait!	
Aug 27 2009 	as good as ever	i stayed in the chesterfield in mayfair with my husband in early august, this is the third time i have stayed in this hotel and without a doubt it has never let me down. The ambience , decor , professionalism of the staff was without question. the breakfasts are one of the best i have ever had in any hotel in europe, and i find myself coming back time after time.	
Aug 26 2009 	Excellent Service Clean and Convenient!	The location was very good, rooms are well decolated, not too much, but clean and comfortable.Staffs were all friendly. The price was a little bit expensive, but worth staying anyway.	
Aug 24 2009 	Luxurious surroundings and an intimate atmosphere	My husband and I spent a long weekend at the Chesterfield and had a wonderful time. We had a lovely room overlooking a quaint courtyard. All of the furnishings at the hotel are luxurious and you feel pampered as soon as you step through the door. One of the best features of the hotel is the staff who cannot do enough to make your stay enjoyable. We shall definitely return.	
Aug 24 2009 	This is the best hotel that I have ever stayed at.	There are hotels that give you five star service and then there's the Chesterfield. Everything is similar to what you would expect from a normal five star hotel only it is all just a little bit better.Of special note is the staff. All were helpful beyond reasonable expectation. The level of service at the restaurant was truly exceptional as was that at the reception desk.Full marks.	
Aug 22 2009 	Best Hotel in London	I've stayed at the Chesterfield repeatedly on business over the last number of years and it is without exception the best hotel I've stayed in. The staff and service are excellent, and the restaurant and bar are great, it is also in a great location. Some of the rooms can be a little on the small side and there is some inventive use of space. I stay in hotels alone on a weekly basis and believe the Chesterfield to be the best, it is personal, welcoming and friendly. If you have to be in London the Chesterfield is the place to stay.	
Aug 21 2009 	Still great after all these years	We stayed at this hotel 24 years ago during our honeymoon. We were back in London, this time with our two kids seeing the sites of London for a week. Unfortunately, we did not stay at this hotel, chossing one in South Ken instead for a variety of reasons. On our last night, our family had dinner in Mayfair and we stopped in for dessert at the Chesterfield and to show our kids where Mom and Dad stayed years ago. We were graciously directed into the dining room and served by a head waiter by the name of Loris. We told him about our visit and we struck up a genuinely warm and fun conversation with him. It was a stark contrast to the other hotel we were staying at that had no personality or warmth. It was nice to see that quality has not changed all of these years. It still had the elegant and warm vibe we felt those many years ago. On our next visit, we will go to the Chesterfield.	
Aug 21 2009 	Why cant all hotels be like this one	We chose to stay at the Chesterfield are reading reviews on Trip Advisor and it was arguably the best hotel we have ever stayed at.We spend on average more than 100 nights a year in Hotels and this one went straight to the top of the list. Service was just outstanding - from the front door the service was polite and exceptionally professional. Clearly their focus is customer satisfaction and it showed. The rooms were first class, not as big as you might find in a larger chain but what they lacked in size they more than made up for in quality.The location - well there are few better !The people - its that simple this hotel is good make no mistake but its people make it great. All the staff were absolutely delightful to deal with and made sure that we wanted for nothing.Would we stay here again - you bet !	
Aug 20 2009 	fantastic	brilliant hotel. fantastic staff, and a very enjoyable stay. we were treated very very well indeed. can't wait to visit again.	
Aug 19 2009 	I wouldn't stay anywhereelse.	We stayed at the Chesterfield Hotel in Mayfair, London recently. The service was absolutely fantastic, the staff were exceptional, very friendly and helpful, nothing was too much trouble.Our room was lovely, everything we needed, clean and well laid out. Breakfast at the Chesterfield was absolutely wonderful, again the staff were extremely nice and friendly and of course we had the english breakfast which was by far one of the best we have had in any hotel.The hotel itself is gorgeous, I can't think of onenegative thing about this hotel, we really enjoyed our stay. Next time we visit London we will definately be staying here.	
Aug 15 2009 	If I were to return to London tomorrow this is where I would stay.	I traveled to London with my 15-year-old grandson and chose the Chesterfield Mayfair because of its proximity to major attractions and its (for Mayfair) reasonable rates. We were welcomed with warmth and efficiency and treated wonderfully throughout our 5 day stay. Inobtrusive yet constantly available service was our experience throughout our stay. The room was perfect - bigger than many in London. Internet access was simple and free. The English breakfast in the restaurant was just great for a teenage boy. The location could not be better -- we ate every night within easy walking of the hotel, most frequently at one or another of the nice restaurants in Shepherd's Market. I will recommend this hotel to anyone interested in a charming, very Engish, yet fully modern hotel in London.	
Aug 15 2009 	comfortable elegance in a superb location	We stayed at the Chesterfield Mayfair with our three daughters and my parents for four nights. This was our first trip to London, and I believe we could not have chosen a better place. From the moment we arrived, the staff made every effort to make our stay memorable. The rooms were lovely. We had a beautiful suite with three beds, complete with teddy bears, made up for the girls. We enjoyed a delicious breakfast each morning. The location was convenient for walking or for taking the underground to sights throughout the city. After busy days of sight seeing, it was a pleasure to be greeted with a smile and welcomed by name back into the hotel. My nine year old daughter wrote in her travel journal, &quot;Perfect Hotel&quot; I agree.	
Aug 13 2009 	Olde World luxury 	This Red Carnation group hotel lives up to its web site 100%. Traditional, elegant furnishings, excellent meals and high class service. Peaceful refuge in a busy city, easy walking distance to Oxford St, Bond St &amp; Hyde Park. I stayed 2 nights and they OFFERED to hold my bags on my departure day . My suite was larger than the often &quot;shoebox&quot; size of London hotel rooms, but then the price is at the high end so its reasonable to expect some space. I'd recommend the Chesterfield for the luxury and service I experienced . If you're looking for somewhere special in a good location, you can't go past this hotel in Mayfair.	
Aug 12 2009 	Relaxed yet traditional	Bad points first - some of the bathrooms are almost comically small although very well fitted out - heated mirror to avoid condensation, heated floor.... Some of the drinks / snacks in the bar are pricey but I think worth it for the relaxed ambience, quality of service, little nibbles that come with cocktails, capuccinos etc. Overall though I have stayed several times and never found it anything but excellent. Service is very efficient and friendly from all staff - reception, doormen, breakfast, bar staff etc. Quality shines through everywhere in a tradiional yet efficient way in a little oasis of calm amidst the madness that is London. In fact the immediate area is a very relaxed location and Shepherd Market close by if you want restaurants and bars with a bit more life ! It's not cheap but it's very easy to pay a lot for very litle in London. Here you pay a little more but you get a lot more. Oh and breakfasts are very good, especially the cooked options. Cold selection is a little more limited but still reasonable. Overall highly recomended.	
Aug 11 2009 	Afternoon Tea was a great disappointment	I relied on great reviews from the Afternoon Tea Guild and decided to book afternoon tea at the Chesterfield. It was a huge mistake, from beginning to end. The only thing the hotel seemed to excel at was quickly taking my money after I paid. Our table wasn't ready although we had reservations. We were told there was no child's tea available, although the hotel website stated otherwise. Our server asked if we wanted water and when we asked for tap water he disappeared and we never received it or saw him again. No one asked if we liked the tea and no one offered to refill or warm the pots. We drank lukewarm tea during most of the meal. My spouse's &quot;Chocolate Tea&quot; was supposed to include a chocolate bar but, of course, it was never delivered. The Chocolate Tea was nothing special at all except for the fact that the scones were chocolate flavored. Attentive service would not describe our experience until - of course - I paid the check. I paid with cash and thought it rude of the staff member to immediately take it as if to count the money to ensure all was accounted for. I had wanted to stay at the Chesterfield but will refrain from doing so as my experience with tea left a really bad taste in my mouth. Never again!	
Aug 11 2009 	Absolutely splendid	Stayed here for 4 nights and enjoyed every minute of it. The hotel, staff and service are all first class, and this is by far the best hotel we have ever stayed in. The lobby area is charming, the restaurant quite smart, and our bedroom - Room 527, 'The Music Room' - was outstanding. As expected the room had a music theme, and although I am normally quite dubious about themed rooms this one had been decorated thoughtfully and was very impressive.We had a 4 poster king size bed which was extremely comfortable, the bathroom was a good size with a huge free standing roll top bath, and a rain shower at one end of it. Ample fluffy towels and toiletries available in the bathroom, and a bathrobe and slippers each in the bedroom.Plenty of tea, coffee, hot chocolate and biscuits in the bedroom, we received a newspaper each morning, and an evening paper each day also.The room was cleaned every day but we didn't see one chamber maid during the whole stay - how do they do that?! It was also extremely quiet, we hardly heard a noise from our room, it was hard to believe we were in central London.The breakfast was the best we've ever had in any hotel, an amazing selection of cooked choices, aswell as various fruits, cereals, pastries etc, the coffee was also so nice had to stay for an extra pot, and the staff in the restaurant gave superb customer service.The hotel's location is perfect for exploring London, Green Park tube station only a 5 minute walk away, plenty of bars and restaurants nearby, and an easy 15-20 minute stroll to Piccadilly Circus.I would recommend this hotel to anyone, and will definitely be coming back for another visit.	
Aug 9 2009 	A unique hotel to make any occasion truly memorable	From the minute we arrived at the front door of the Chesterfield every member of staff we met greeted us warmly and seemed naturally customer focused. The hotel is in an ideal location for easy access to other areas of London, numerous bars and restaurants within walking distance and a stroll along New Bond street up to Oxford street provided all the shops anyone could possibly need!The hotel from the lobby to the bar, restaurants and rooms is unique in every way with obvious signs of personal dedication to ensuring a memorable stay.	
Aug 8 2009 	An aristocratic touch..	-Location is in Mayfair, one of London’s most exclusive districts.-A few minutes’ walk from the Green Park tube station, Green Park, hard rock café, Dover street, Buckingham Palace, St. James park, Park lane boulevard, Hyde Park, Oxford street and Piccadilly (10 min walk).-The Sheppard market with its distinguished restaurants and pubs are just around the corner.-The Chesterfield staff are always there for you with a great welcoming smile to answer or assist you with anything you may need.-Housekeeping staff are so great and up to all the small details. Nothing is left un-attended.-Hotel is extremely clean, perfectly managed, lobby &amp; dining area &amp; bar are very trendy. -Rooms seem that they have went thru the hands of the best interior designers to assure that every single inch is being made use of and that the best décor, furniture, colors and lightings are being used. It might be that the rooms are small but to me they were perfectly up to my requirements. More than enough closet space to hang my cloths. An iron &amp; board well stored away in the closet, a mini bar, refrigerator, water kittle, free supply of brand name tea/coffee and water bottles and also a cute LCD TV. And if I remember correctly I had a Bang &amp; Olufsen radio &amp; iPod audio system.-Room lighting are designed to be used for different moods.-Furniture/bed/wall décor etc. are very trendy and well thought of. Bed was very comfortable with exclusive feather pillows and soft comforters. -The bathroom is extremely clean has everything, from high quality bathrobes to well known brand names for shampoo, soap, lotions, etc. To sum this up, I had a great time at the Chesterfield Hotel, I personally prefer such hotels that reflect the aristocratic feelings on a small scale rather than a huge hotel with marble floors everywhere and the feeling that I’m walking into a shopping mall. For sure I will be staying at the same place on my next visit to London (if the prices remain intact).	
Aug 5 2009 	Even I can boil an egg!	This was my fourth stay at the Chesterfield and it remains my favourite London hotel - the location is excellent and the staff are always amazing.The room I was originally given was beautiful, very feminine and charming, but unfortunately it had no bath, only a shower. When I asked to be moved this was done immediately and, although the second room was much plainer, it did have a nice big bath.The only problems I had on this visit were with some of the food. My room service dinner was delivered promptly and tasted good, but at best could be described as lukewarm. When I asked for a soft-boiled egg at breakfast, the first one I received was almost raw, the second was as hard as a bullet. Now I'm not a great cook, but even I can boil an egg! It's not a huge issue, of course but I would expect a chef to be able to cook an egg. However, they still make the best porridge I've tasted in a long time.	
Aug 5 2009 	A magnificent treasure hidden in the heart of Mayfait	I stayed in the Chesterfield hotel for the fourth time. I always come back to this hotel, because in my opinion: it's the best!Altough the single rooms are small, they have all the luxury and comfort one needs, even in the little details.The most wonderful element of this hotel is the warmth and the service from the staff. They are impeccable!!!And if I may give you an advice...If you go there, do try the restaurant. Mr Lucchini is the most wonderfull restaurant manager and the food is the best in London!I do know where I will stay , the next time in London.	
Aug 3 2009 	Excellent - with old world charm	All the reviews for this hotel are spot on - excellent service, great location &amp; old world charm. It is very oldy worldy but I knew that before I got there. The location really is superb &amp; lots of lovely restaurants nearby - can recommend Le Caprice if you looking for something special.Was really impressed with one aspect of the hotel - filled out a comment card on leaving the hotel and made a small comment about an additional amenity that could be made available to guests and within 2 days had received a letter from the hotel referring to my comments and what they were going to do about my comment - I have never experienced this from any other hotel. Would definitely return.	
Aug 1 2009 	This is jewel where we felt welcomed and pampered in a perfect location in London.	Recently, July 22-25, 2009, my 13-year old daughter and I had a wonderful stay in this lovely hotel. We enjoyed ourselves immensely, and felt constantly pampered and taken care of. The service went above and beyond the call of duty when I realized, just I had sat down on the Gatwick Express train to the airport, that I had left our passports in the hotel safe. In a panic, I called the hotel from the Victoria station. The reception staff calmly come up with a solution and sent over one of the door-men, in a taxi, our passports in hand. I have never been so relieved or grateful for such service. I had my passports delivered to Victoria station in under 15 minutes! I also would like to thank the reception staff, particularly Tony, for all the useful advice about 'things to do' in London. They were very patient in showing us maps and directions. Darren was also a pleasure to meet. Everyone staff member at the hotel met us with a smile and were always willing to offer advice or help. It was an absolute pleasure, and I will be sure to recommend your hotel to my numerous travelling friends.	
Jul 30 2009 	Everything you could hope for	We were relieved to find the hotel was every bit as good as described. The service from all the staff was impeccable and we were made to feel that they did actually care about the quality of our stay. We had a minor problem that was dealt with incredibly quickly and to our complete satisfaction. The room was spotless and the bed linen was very good quality. The restaurant staff were friendly and attentive and the food was excellent. The hotel is centrally placed, which made getting around to see all we wished to see, very easy.	
Jul 27 2009 	Disappointing	We have stayed here a number of times previously and really enjoyed our stay before. This time we were really disappointed. The children aged 10 and 15 were put in a room on another floor and the receptionist seemed very put out when we asked for rooms on the same floor (which we had originally requested).The under floor heating in the bathroom did not work, the shower screen did not shut and there were no ordinary tea bags in the room (Earl Grey only).We had previously found this hotel comfortable and found that it provided a touch of luxury. We were disappointed on this occasion and wish we had stayed in a cheaper chain. I think we were most put out by the attitude of the reception staff at that time-the porter and dining staff were great and the breakfast was still good.	
Jul 27 2009 	Couldn't Help Enough	This hotel was amazing. I proposed to my girlfriend at this hotel and the staff couldn't do enough to help me. Not only that but the rooms were excellent and the breakfast was beautiful.	
Jul 21 2009 	Traditional hotel friendly in great location	Comfortable rooms and friendly staff.Breakfast disappointing.Great location, Murano round the corner!Checkout at 12 - great!	
Jul 21 2009 	Absolute luxury	This is the best hotel I have ever been to. I love that the rooms are all unique and contain the nicest linens. Everything was clean and well thought out. The English breakfast was amazing - I couldn't ask for more. The staff was extremely nice. The location was perfect - close to Green Park tube station, Buckingham Palace, pubs, restaurants, and more.I will be back again - hopefully soon.	
Jul 20 2009 	Would return in a heartbeat	The Chesterfield Mayfair is truly a great find in London. The hotel is very charming and the service staff could not be more accommodating. The location is in the heart of Mayfair near many quaint restaurants and a short 5 minute walk to the Green Park metro station. The rooms were a bit small, which is typical for London, but nicely appointed with marble bathrooms, nice toiletries, and comfortable linens. We had breakfast included in our package. The breakfast was nice, however expensive if you were paying on your own. Try to get it included if possible. The front desk was helpful for any tourist tips and dining reservations. They actually were able to sell tickets for certain attractions such as the Tower of London so that we could avoid the queue. They had a charming bar off the lobby. Overall, we would highly recommend this place.	
Jul 14 2009 	Beautiful Hotel With Outstanding People Working There	I don't think I can come up with anything bad about this hotel, everything about it was good and met my standards. The people who worked there are very helpful and helped us with any questions we had as far as getting around town. It was puring rain there and as soon as we arrived in taxi there was a door-man waiting for us with an umbrella. The room was a pretty good size considering its in London. Downstairs they have complimetary internet and that was nice because I was able to check into my flight before departing. The hotel is in a high end area, very close to shops and tourist sights, easy to get around. They have a good variety of teas and buscuits in the room. As soon as we arrived they knew the room was for three people because there where 3 bath-robes, 3 slippers, 3 shampoo's, 3 everything lol.We had the continental breakfast and it was really good, big variety of fruits and juices, plus pastries followed by your choice of a main dish. For exampple, eggs, hashbrowns, and sausage. All the people who worked there we crossed with are very sweet people, I swear my mom talked to each one for at least 10 minutes each. They knew us when we went in and out of the hotel.I will come back here for sure, will bring others too!	
Jul 13 2009 	What a value for London!	We stayed at the Chesterfield Mayfair for three nights, at the tail end of a trip spent mostly in France. It is all that it has been described to be on this board. We paid 195 pounds per night, including breakfast for a King Superior room. The room was cozy, not large, but adequate in size. The bathroom, I would say, was attractive, but very small and tight. I ran into things in the bathroom a few times. Overall, the room was clean and solidly nice for a four star hotel. The service was very good, particularly the concierge and the restaurant staff. Afternoon tea was very nice, with tasty scones and finger sandwiches and nowhere near as stuffy as afternoon tea at the 5 star palaces like the Dorchester or the Ritz. The hotel's location was ideal for us, on a quiet street in Mayfair, but walking distance to much shopping (Harrod's, Fortnum and Mason) as well as restaurants. It certainly is not the place to stay if you are planning a theater-heavy trip, but it was perfect for us as we had no shows planned on this trip. We have stayed at the sister Red Carnation hotel, the Hotel 41, and we felt that we liked the Chesterfield better, for location and for service. Breakfast was nice, including made-to-order hot foods. There were two computers with internet access on the lowest floor for guest usage. Very good 4 star hotel, great for the money that you pay here.	
Jul 11 2009 	A Wonderful Hotel	Completely fulfilled my family's expectations and gave us a great London experience.	
Jul 7 2009 	The Chesterfield Mayfair offers the ultimate in service and savoir faire.	There are luxury hotels and there are the grand palaces of overnight stay and then there is the Chesterfield Mayfair, a rare, stand alone class act with all the characteristics of the aforementioned. My wife and I were smitten by this hidden London jewel a couple years ago for a brief stay in the Mayfair District of the city. We were traveling with other members of our family who had booked rooms at the nearby Dorchester. Our initial impression of the Chesterfield Mayfair at that time was a bit reserved as we were slightly intimidated by the seemingly darkness of the interior and the 'properness' of it all. Our room seemed ancient and small but was very clean and comfortable and the service was impeccable. We were first time, typical inexperienced American visitors to the city and apprehensive of every little thing, not sure of how to blend in or how to interpret our surroundings. Our own reservations were quickly put at ease. The comfortable, well staffed restaurant served a delicious breakfast with considerable choices in fresh fruits and juices and offered a wonderful lunch and dinner and again, the service was very personable, relaxing and accommodating.We have since returned to this 'well kept London secret' this past June and snuggled into the Grosvernor Suite where we were treated like royalty by the forever smiling and engaging staff. Every contact that we had with these kind folks seemed memorable, from the room service, the maid service, the friendly and knowledgeable concierge and front desk to the ever friendly door man. We will highly recommend the Chesterfield Mayfair to our friends. It is situated in a quiet area of London near Hyde Park and convenient to a quaint neighborhood grocery/drug store, hidden backstreet restaurants, shopping, bookstore, pubs and the Green Park tube, all with-in walking distance. Location, location,location.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great room fantastic service amazing location - will stay again.	I stayed at the Chesterfield last week and had a wonderful experience. The staff were attentive and friendly from the moment we arrived right up until we left. The room was great and had everything we needed and was really comfortable. The hotel is walking distance from the west end and located in a great part of london. Breakfast consisted of a buffet selection of fresh fruit etc, however the full english breakfast was cooked to order and was fantastic. I genuinely enjoyed my time there and would recommend highly.	
Jul 5 2009 	Service with a broad smile	Having stayed at this hotel for one night only I wasn't able to experiance the full quallity of the staff and accomodation. However, the service we received during our stay was the most pleasurable experiance of the year so far. You are greeted by a doorman with a very large smile and from then on it just got better. There is no parking at the hotel but they will take your car from the front door to an NCP car park, all you have to pay is the rip off NCP overnight charge. we arrived at 5.15 and were advised that parking is free on single yellow lines after 6.30 and it would be cheaper if they parked my car on a meter then moved it oposite the hotel at 6.30. This free service saved me over £32.00, thank you whoever moved my carThe room was spotless when we arrived and after rushing to get showered and changed for the theatre it looked like a bomb had hit it!!! Upon our return and night cap in the bar we were greeted with the room completely restored to pristine conditionIf you are going to a show in the west end you can easily walk to theatre land, we didn't realise how close we were and took a cab. Because of the traffic it took 25 minutes to go about 1 mile, therefore we decided to walk back which took about the same length of timeIf anyone reading this revue has booked to stay I AM VERY JEALOUS, enjoy yourselves x	
Jun 30 2009 	A good reason to visit London	The kindness, helpfulness and courtesy of the staff is equalled by the first rate dining room and the hopitality of the Bar, having tried many London hotels we have at last found a place which of itself would be a good reason to visit London	
Jun 28 2009 	First class as usual	My wife and I spend a long weekend in London every year. We have stayed at the Mayfair for the last 3 years. I would highly recommend the hotel...summary points below:1. Great location, easy walking distance to shopping, theatres and restaurants. The green park tube station is 5min walk away also.2. Website has summer weekend promotion...175 pounds inclusive for double room with breakfast and afternoon tea...a great in London for such a high quality hotel.3. Reception and service in general is first class. They know how to take care of guests.4. Breakfast is awesome...big selection and again, service outstanding.5. Rooms, while small, are neat and have all basic amenities (ex minibar). The only downside to the room and hotel in general are the very small bathrooms.Perfect stay every time. Highly recommended.Phil	
Jun 27 2009 	Weekend Package at it's best	We booked this hotel using the weekend package deal, more expensive than we would normally have paid for a weekend trip to London, but the extra money was worth the extra treatment we received. We had a free bottle of Champagne and an afternoon cream tea also inlcuded in the price. The food and the service at this hotel was excellent, the best breakfast I have eaten anywhere. My only 'gripe' was the size of the bathroom, very small, including the width of the bath which meant that water from the shower went everywhere. Also drinks were on the expensive side, £9 for a vodka and diet coke which does seem a little excessive to me, but hey we were in Mayfair. Apart from those two things our weekend experience was fantastic and we will seriously consider other 'Red Carnation' hotels in the future. Thank you The Chesterfield.	
Jun 27 2009 	A Real Treat	My wife booked us into the Chesterfield for a short stay to coincide with a theatre trip. This was her surprise gift to me to celebrate my 60th birthday. The hotel has a lovely atmosphere and we felt very comfortable and at ease during our stay. The staff are very friendly, professional and attentive without crossing the invisible line and becoming intrusive. The food is wonderful and if you can eat a full English breakfast and manage to finish all your toast, you're a better man than me. A well stocked bar is an excellent dropping off place for a nightcap before bedtime. On reaching your room, you'll find your bed has been turned down for you. The Chesterfield is a real treat, we'll be going back.	
Jun 26 2009 	Not as nice as I expected	My husband and I had a two-week European vacation. We also stayed at a sister property, the Montague on the Gardens in Bloomsbury. I enjoyed our stay much more at the Montague. We had a package that included a Superior King room, a bottle of Crystal and a full English breakfast at the Chesterfield.The room was not as nice as the pictures on the website. We were told that it had just been remodeled, but it had a musty smell. This was the smallest room we had during our entire vacation, and it didn’t help that they tried to put too much furniture in the room. There was a rolling chair that had to be shoved under the desk (that ran the whole length of the room and included a dresser and the mini bar) in order for you to walk in front of the bed. It had a turquoise and brown color scheme that was not to my tastes. The English breakfast was wonderful. It was served in the hotel restaurant, and there was a list of entries that you were able to choose from. We had lunch one day at the Only Running Footman Pub that is down the street from the hotel. We enjoyed our meal there and the atmosphere.The hotel was only a 15 minute walk to Buckingham Palace and about a 30 minute walk to Hyde Park.	
Jun 25 2009 	I can recommend the Chesterfield Hotel for visits to London	I stayed for a long weekend in June 2009 and had the most wonderful time. From the moment the taxi drew up outside the hotel I was looked after so well.The suite was decorated beautifully, the service was 1st class and the staff always had a smile and a greeting.As I had a lot to do over the weekend, the only meals I had were breakfast. The breakfast menu was excellent and the food was hot (warm food is one of my pet hates). I stayed at the Chesterfield Mayfair on my own but I can't wait to go back with my husband, he will love it.	
Jun 20 2009 	In Brit Terms The Chesterfield Mayfair is "Brilliant!"	The Chesterfield Mayfair has it all: superb location, attentive service, warmth and British charm. The concierge staff -- especially Tony and Chris -- are extraordinary, offering wonderful advice on restaurants, transit (even during a Tube strike), theater and attractions. Rooms are on the small side, but tastefully appointed -- the most comfortable hotel beds in the world! We would not hesitate to recommend this gem to anyone.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great hotel	Stayed in the hotel for 3 nights. very good experience. the hotel staffs are very well trained. they are very kind and very helpful. nice decorations of the room, clean and comfortable. a few minutes walk to Hyde Park and near to many places of interest. recommend.	
Jun 17 2009 	never disappoints	This the third time myself and mother have stayed at this lovely hotel and all three times it has provided first class service. we stayed for 4 nights on the weekend package which gives great value for money. Everybody from arriving to departing makes you feel so special without being OTT. I can only say if this hotel is ranked 7th by trip advisor i dont no what the other hotels do to beat it. The rooms small but comfortable and clean, the breakfast is a feast that sets you up for the day and the afternoon tea is a delight. If the hotel reads this review I can only say thankyou for such a lovely time and hopefully we will be back next year. If ever I take my mother away any where else she always says &quot; you cant beat the chesterfield &quot; and she is right you cant.	
Jun 16 2009 	The ONLY place to stay in London	What a terrific place. The staff was sincerely attentive and the service exceptional. I have stayed at several London hotels and this was without question the most enjoyable in every regard. True English hospitality.	
Jun 16 2009 	Just perfect!	If you want a great location, attentive and charming service, comfortable accommodation then this is just the place.We had a one night stay in the Chesterfield and found the reception staff especially efficient and thoughtful. They had even signed a birthday card for my daughter! The concierge advised us the cheapest way to buy last minute theatre tickets rather than booking them for us through an agency who apparently charge commission which was fantastic and saved us a lot of money.On Saturday morning a member of staff offered to store our bags for the day, whilst we shopped, before we had even thought to ask..Our room was delightful.Need I say more?	
Jun 14 2009 	When staying in London its got to be the Chesterfield.	On returning to the Chesterfield after an absence of almost two years, my wife and i found it just as good as it was before,a truly wonderful experience. The staff are polite and helpful and nothing is to much trouble,the location of the hotel is great being in a quiet part of Mayfair but convienient for the shops and theatres.But it really is the ambience of the Chesterfield that sets it apart,simply superb.	
Jun 13 2009 	Brilliant	Staff very friendly , helpful and courteous. Nothing too small was a problem for them when asking questions.Room facilities excellent . Room cleaned daily and bed turned down at night.Sorry I did not manage to use leisure facilities.Although pricy for a single person. I would use this hotel again as it is central for all	
Jun 10 2009 	Superb Service Excellent Location and Comfortable Guest Rooms!	My wife and I stayed in London for 21 days. We stayed at a different mid-range hotel south of Kensington our first two nights, and we rented a flat north of Kensington near Notting Hill Gate tube station for 16 nights. We decided to stay in a more up-market hotel during our last three nights and chose this hotel in Mayfair.We arrived at the hotel at around noon. We were greeted by a door man who graciously took the three pieces of luggage we had just lugged from the Green Park tube station. We were warmly greeted by reception upon entering the lobby even though we were not dressed in suits and professional garb like the rest of the guests waiting to check out in the lobby. The staff person at reception was courteous, prompt, and very polite. We received our keys to a room that she described as a favorite of hers for couples. I thought that this was hyperbole at first, but after the bell hop took our luggage and showed us to our room, I realized that she was being sincere! It was a very nice corner room decorated in an elegant fashion. My wife especially enjoyed that there were two windows in the room. I appreciated that the room was not facing the street and that it was on the 5th (6th in the U.S.) floor.We had afternoon tea at 4 p.m. and I believe that it was the most luxurious full tea I have ever had. The tea was promptly served, the scones, cakes, and sandwiches were generously proportioned and delicious. The room was decorated in a way that emphasized romance and elegance. The staff was very attentive without being intrusive. This tea was memorable in every way.After returning in the evening, we found that the room had been &quot;turned down&quot; and that a chilled bottle of champagne inside a ice bucket had been left on the dressing table. We were very please. But, we didn't have the energy to drink alcohol that night and saved it for the next evening when the staff was kind enough to bring a fresh bucket of ice for our champagne!Internet access is available from two computers in a lower floor. We used this to obtain our boarding passes. I used it before to catch up on e-mail and to post on Facebook. I really appreciated this opportunity to communicate with family and friends at the close of our trip.We had breakfast at the hotel every morning. The service was excellent because they were professional, but not cold. The breakfast choices ran the gamut from a traditional English cooked breakfast to a continental style breakfast from a juice, fruit, yogurt, etc. bar available. The food was scrumptious! The morning that we checked out illustrated to me how well this hotel is managed and just how good the staff really is. As we checked out, they offered to keep our luggage while we did some last minute sightseeing/shopping. And when we declined, they offered to get a car service for us. And when we declined that and asked to be permitted to exit toward the back where a mews is located so that we could walk to the tube station, they were very accommodating. As a member of the rapidly dwindling middle-class, I truly felt that this hotel lived up to its reputation as a luxury boutique hotel because its staff treated us as if we were deserving of spectacular treatment. I would never hesitate to recommend this to family and friends. Including members of ethnic minorities. As a member of one who often notices little signs of negative treatment, I can say without reservation, that I never felt singled out for less than admirable treatment by the staff.p.s. Management left a note stating that a neighbor had scheduled a party that night that was supposed to end by 11 p.m. The fact that the management left such a note was both wise and classy. Furthermore, management demonstrated it's concern for the comfort of its guests by indicating that they intended to undertake measures to ensure that the (loud) party would not go beyond 11 p.m. I was up until midnight and was pleased to note that the music had died down and that I could get some sleep.	
Jun 9 2009 	First class hotel with matching service in a great location!	Just spent the weekend at The Chesterfield. Booked it thru Hotels direct(paid 1/3 of normal price and got breakfast inc too) Its a 5 min walk from Green Park tube. Pictures online made it look a little old style and stuffy, far from it!Weekend was a birthday treat for my mother, having never taken her away before and knowing how fussy she is, was a tad nervous.We arrived at 10.30am and although rooms were not available until 2 they took our bags and put them in our rooms for when we returned late afternoon. It was raining on arrival but we were given hotel umbrellas to use for duration of stay, nice touch.The rooms were immaculate and had everything you could need. The single rooms are not massive but more than enough. I have enclosed pics of room and bathroom.Ha drinks in the bar late Friday and Saturday night, not cheap(£9-00 for double Hendricks &amp; tonic) but this is London. Chap playing piano,not my scene but was pleasant.My mother met a friend for afternoon tea on saturday and said it was gorgeous,praise indeed!Breakfast was continental buffet and everything from fresh fruit,yoghurt,meet and cheeses inc all types of pastry were available in a beautiful dining room with outdoor seating for when the sun came out:))I'm a young-ish person and would normally say that this hotel was aimed more at the middle to older aged group, however, for style, location,service and total hospitallity i just couldn't fault it. Would i return? YES and i have booked again already for when i bring my girlfriend to a gig next month. I paid £209 for 2xsingle rooms inc breakfast, normal price £330. Got this deal thru HotelDirectIf you can get a great deal then go for it, you won't be disspointed.	
Jun 3 2009 	Wonderful hotel with lots of character	Booked this hotel through the secret hotels and what a great weekend it turned out to be. Hotel ideally situated for theatre land, just a few minutes walk. Staff were wondferful, especially at reception. Rooms are beautifully decorated, not everbodys cup of tea with the decor, but all of an excellent standard. The hotel knew about it being our anniversary weekend, so added a special touch at breakfast. Just to be aware that not all rooms have a bath!!	
Jun 2 2009 	Great Mayfair hotel	We spent last weekend of may at this lovely small hotel.We took advantage of the Mayfair weekend package for a superior king room. Mine was 216 a small one overlooking a back courtyard and a wall and was a smoking room too. It was not a great problem and luckly the windows was partially unlock so a little fresh air come into the room. The room was classic but a little old without a minibar and with an old bulky TV. As I don't use neither of them wasn't a great loss. The bathroom is small but well organized and with excellent bathrobe and towels, sleepers were comfortable too. The staff is very friendly and cooperative, waiters are very professionals and try to accommodate every request. Location is excellent of course if you know the area that is one of the most elegant of this great town. The breackfast was good as the afternoon tea.	
Jun 2 2009 	Chesterfield Mayfair exceeded our expectations	Located on a quiet street in Mayfair, the Chesterfield was a wonderful choice after recommendations from 2 sources. Perfectly located near the Green Park Tube, the hotel allows an easy walk thru the park to Buckingham Palace and then on thru St. James Park to the Cabinet War Rooms, Westminster Abbey, etc. Around the corner from the hotel is Shepherd's Market, a quaint area with numerous, small shops and restaurants: a French Brasserie, Italian Trattoria, Indian Restaurant, and several others. A perfect place to eat before the theater. The hotel concierege was gracious and helpful; dining room staff efficient and friendly; the common rooms lovely. My husband and I would definitely return to his hidden gem.	
May 27 2009 	Confortable and Charming	It has been really a pleasure to stay at the Chesterfield Mayfair. The staff has been extremely kind with us and we enjoyed a lot the atmosphere and facilities of the hotel.Fantastic location and very attractive weekend rates.	
May 27 2009 	Exellence is a rare find these days..but we found it here at thishotel.	Many hotels worth mentioning these days are normally run by corporate companies......leaving the smaller ones to pick up the pieces.This will never apply to the chesterfield in mayfair if they carry on doing what they are.Every request is carried out with so much pleasure to serve,even the piano player is happy to play a request in the bar whilst having a drink.A truelly memorable stay....so much as to say &quot;any time we are in london the chesterfield will be our choice of hotel&quot;.	
May 25 2009 	Great stay at this hotel	Enjoy the afternoon tea and the restaurant.Great location, professional staff.	
May 20 2009	A REAL GEM!	My daughter and I have been planning a trip to London for several years, and were delighted to have stayed at the Chesterfield Mayfair! We relied on TripAdvisor to guide us to a highly-rated hotel and were not disappointed. The location is fantastic -- close to shopping, sightseeing, and in beautiful Mayfair. It is within easy walking distance of the Green Park tube station. The thing that sets the Chesterfield Mayfair apart is SERVICE. The staff are attentive, friendly, and helpful at all times. We both highly recommend this hotel! The service is top-notch.	
May 20 2009 	We had the most enjoyable stay...	We will definitely come back. We found our place to stay in London.Our room was beautiful - full of little attentions. The ambiance is very warm and the bar is a nice to rest after a day shopping/visits.	
May 19 2009	Excellent Service Great Price Perfect Vacation	My mother and I have been planning a trip to the UK for quite some time and after reading numerous reviews, and the advice of our travel agent, we selected the Chesterfield Mayfair. From the time we arrived, the staff was extremely courteous accomodating and pleasant at all times. The location of the hotel is within a 5 minute walk of the tube, and near a number of excellent pubs and parks. When it came to the hotel itself, we were very impressed with the cleanliness of the rooms--the beds were extremely comfortable, and the bathrooms are luxurious--just perfect after a long day of exploring the city. We also quite enjoyed room service one evening--the food was above par for a hotel, and the delivery woman inquired later on if we enjoyed the food--a level of service you typically do not receive these days. Turn down service was consistent, and the cleaning staff was always thorough and very nice. The rooms were in excellent condition, however, our view was not too intriguing out the window (although we did not request a good view). The staff were always ready to answer questions, suggest restaurants, and assist us with good money exchange locales. Even though my luggage was a day late in arriving, the staff consistently checked up on it, and delivered it to my room once it arrived. Overall, we REALLY enjoyed the stay and service with the Chesterfield, and upon return, will stay there again.	
May 18 2009	Elegant hotel - bad service	Me and my son (11 1/2 years old) had wrote in an e-mail to the hotel that we wanted a room early in the morning since we came right from America. When we arrived, the hotelroom was not ready. I had to sit in the lobby over an hour with my son sleeping beside me. We were both very tired and exhausted. Since we should up very early next morning (04.45) I telephoned room-service so we could have breakfast before we should take taxi to the airport. I was told that we could get what we wanted from the continental menu, except cooked food. We were very disappointed when room-service came with our breakfast. We got wrong juices and wrong food. We went hungry from the hotel. The hotel is nice decorated and everything looks great on the surface, but I'm sorry to tell that the service was zero.	
May 16 2009 	A perfect base for our London vacation.	Simply put, the Chesterfield is a wonderful hotel - luxurious and comfortable, just what we'd imagined for our London trip. The staff was very helpful with dinner recommendations and getting us theater tickets. The location was perfect for our daily adventures - easy access to the Tube or walking to parks and city sites through great neighborhoods. We would definitely stay at the Chesterfield again and hope to soon!	
May 16 2009 	Little Gem	Whenever I visit London I always stay at the Chesterfield Mayfair situated in a quiet street just off Berkley Square. It is like walking into a family or friend's home. The staff are excellent, resturant and food superb never been disappointed.Ghazalla	
May 14 2009 	At last a real deal !	We have stayed in several 4 stars hotels in London and believe me this hotel is one of the best ones. most of them are over rated and over priced .So it was a real treat for us to find this hotel .Staying in this hotel is really part of your experience of being in london .Superb location, traditional English decore' and most importantly, 5 star customer service .	
May 13 2009 	Unmatched level of service	The hotel is a gem in Mayfair where our extended family stayed for two nights for our daughter's wedding. The bedrooms are well appointed (with a superb bridal suite), the restaurant, conservatory and bar are attractive and welcoming, and the standard of service could not have been better, with the friendliest and most helpful hotel staff I have come across in a long while.	
May 11 2009 	LOVED THE LOCATION	We recently spent one night at the Chesterfield Mayfair, we were booked into room 415 which overlooked the front of the hotel.The room was clean and comfortable, huge bed, with tea and coffee making facilities and complimentary water provided. Nightly turn down service also included. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful with directions etc. I loved the old charm of the hotel and if I stayed again would book afternoon tea which l regret not doing. We had continental breakfast included in the rate which had lots of choice and a complimentary newspaper delivered to the room.This is a perfect hotel if you are looking for a location to stay close to shops and the theatre district, a taxi from/to Euston station was approx £13.00 one way taking around 10/15 minutes.The only let down for us was after returning home we realised my husband had left his jumper in the room hanging up and after making several calls to the hotel they have no trace of it. Such a pity otherwise our stay would of have been perfect.	
May 8 2009 	Absolutely lovely gem in Mayfair	We recently stayed at the Chesterfield Mayfair for one night, and found it absolutely lovely and charming. It's a small boutique-style hotel with old style furnishings (though not downtrodden in the least); the rooms were a good size; the staff extremely helpful and professional; and a good price. We would definitely stay here again. Also, you must dine at Tamarind (Indian food) around the corner. It's fabulous.	
May 4 2009 	Second stay: "Even better!"	This was my second stay at the Chesterfield Mayfair and I am extremely happy with everything!Room: This time I stayed in the Dartmouth suite and it was a very nice room! Brilliantly decorated and very well kept. Reception: Good as ever!Room service: Extremly service minded staff (especially Petra)!After noon tea: In one word: Splendid! We were even recognised by name by the two head waiters Tushar and Loris. Thanks for this!Internet: Free highspeed internet!	
May 4 2009 	Loved it	All good, read the other reviews, they are all spot-on correct. My queen room wasn't as nice as the web pictures but still pretty comfy.The 24 hour bar off the lobby was too cool to compare.The international staff was A+ #1 ! ! ! During my stay, my colleagues stayed at the modern Park Lane Intercon. I spent some time there and realized it was waaaay more expensive but not nearly as inviting or nice...other than the 7' goddesses hosting at the Randall restaurant that any man should consider crawling though broken glass to get a glimpse at.PS. go to KOKO's in Camden for some wild live music.	
May 3 2009 	Exceeded our expectations in all respects.	Wonderful hotel, beautifully appointed with excellent service. I was traveling with my wife and 16 yo son. We had a junior suite with two full bathrooms. Staff at the front desk were very helpful with all our requests. Breakfast (included in the rate) was excellent and the hotel location is ideal.	
May 1 2009 	Absolutely fantastic	Cannot fault this hotel absolutely superb from the moment you walk in the door, service throughout our stay exceptional to many moments to praise the staff for their attentive behaviour throughout. We dont normally consider booking the same hotel, but this hotel exceeds any other hotel we have stayed in over the world and on another trip to London would not hesitate. P.s. Their correspondance after we left was very appreciated and outstanding as to correct the only fault we could find and that was to make sure a mini bar was in our room next time we visited.	
Apr 26 2009 	A standard of service that makes you feel special and reminds you of what London is about	The staff at the Chesterfield could not have done more to make sure our stay was comfortable and pleasurable. Along with the quality of food and drink and the experience behind the bar the whole experience matched what I always hope for in London but rarely find so many of those boxes ticked.	
Apr 25 2009 	One of our BEST hotel EXPERIENCES in past several years	The Chesterfield is a jewel of a hotel well situated in the fashionable Mayfair District of London. The staff is professional and gracious and very attentive in both the hotel and the Butlers restraurant. The decor throughout is lovely and our room was tastefully decorated and spotless. We will definitely recommend the Chesterfield to our friends.Don and Diana Schlesinger, Laguna Niguel, California	
Apr 25 2009 	Fabulous experience	We couldn't have asked for a better room, better service, or a better location than we found at the Chesterfield Mayfair. The staff was wonderful, catering to our every need with enthusiasm and a smile. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to experience the essence of London hospitality and elegance.	
Apr 21 2009 	fantastic	Having being lucky enought to have stayed at this hotel on three different occasions recently i thought i had given them enough chances to get something wrong,but they came up with the goods everytime.I have stopped looking around now for better deals and will just book here when ever i need to be in London.The location is great for all you need to do in London,shops,shows and dinning.The only down point i have come across and i dont think it will bother most people is the lack of car parking at the hotel which does not exsist and the parking near bye is resident parking only.	
Apr 20 2009 	The perfect hotel for a once in a lifetime weekend	I chose the Chesterfield for what I intended to be the backdrop for my 50th birthday celeb weekend with some special friends. The main events of the weekend planned were theatre / Thames speedboat ride and other activities, however rather than just provide the accommodation, the hotel also turned out to be an event in itself. The rather English afternoon tea provided a perfect start to our weekend. The rooms especially the bathrooms were a pleasure. I don't think I've ever stayed in hotel before where you are known by your name rather than a number. On our first day's breakfast, a large table had been reserved so we all sat together; choice was excellent. The location was perfect, a small street in Mayfair, but only a short distance from the shops. The only issue we had was an over zealous steam iron which leaked. When we all left on Sunday, even though it had been my 50th birthday celeb weekend, I think we all took away some special memories and the Chesterfield had contributed in a big way to the success of the weekend.	
Apr 19 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	I just returned from three days in London with my ten year old daughter. After reading positive reviews of the Chesterfield Mayfair I booked it and was absolutely, positively pleased with our stay there. The rooms are a bit tight but very well appointed in that classic British style and since we were in London to see London we did not spend a lot of time in our room. The location and the friendliness of the staff is above par. We were central to the tube, the parks and a block away tucked into a court yard called Shepards Market is an assortment of pubs and restaurants with a divergence of cuisines. The Chesterfield Mayfair was a delight and a home run with my daughter enough said!	
Apr 17 2009 	Nice hotel try to get a deal.	This is a delayed review but I made detailed notes of my travels and well remember this hotel.The hotel is in an excellent area of the city, but was still a fair walk from a tube station (5-10 min walk).Buffet breakfast was included, and it was generous with an excellent selection. We were able to gorge ourselves on this wonderful breakfast so we weren't hungry until later in the afternoon. Saves food costs, which in London are substantial. If you need bottled drinks, snacks, or toiletries, there was a nearby Sainsbury's supermarket.The room was beautiful and well kept. Very luxurious bed. The bathroom was clean and fine, though the bathrobes behind the door were so poofy and large they were intrusive and we had to move them outside. A minor issue, but it just made the bathroom seem more cramped. I also remember that the shower had a *very* high wall, so I could imagine people with mobility problems might have trouble getting in. And getting out was like climbing down a wet, slippery hill. A little scary. The room had a very convenient &quot;do not disturb&quot; switch on the wall. I've never seen that before, though its never a big deal to hang the do not disturb sign on the doorknob if they didn't have this switch.Our room deal came with included champagne and chocolate. We asked for the champagne to be waiting for us when we arrived home after seeing Les Miserables one night. When we came home (Les Mis was superb), the champagne was not there. We had to call down for it. Not very good service, since we had given a specific request. We also received a free tea brunch, but we found the staff inattentive. I ordered a &quot;chocolate&quot; tea selection, and after much delay received some scones which were nice but it wasn't what I ordered. And then we were ignored for perhaps 30 minutes? We were given no explanation for this, and there were many servers and few guests so they shoud have had time for us. Considering this was a selling feature to the hotels website deal (English tea service), we found the lack of service and courtesy inexcusable considering the posh-ness of the hotel and upscale area. I did complain to one of the servers, and she was very nice and apologetic, and gave me back my tea coupon which we used the next day. The next day's service was fine, so they did make up for this problem.London hotels are expensive, but this was on the verge of traumatic for a value traveller, considering it didn't really wow us. There are other hotels that would be more value for money. A decent hotel or B&amp;B close to a tube station, and you're on your way.Overall it's a lovely hotel, but the service was lacking and I am sure there are better ones for same or less money. But it is London, so nothing is cheap. I would recommend this hotel.	
Apr 15 2009 	Excellent-The best hotel in London	Having just spent Easter at this hotel I would recommend it to everyone. We were looking for a Central London hotel at a reasonable price that was clean and of a good quality. I had seen a great deal on this hotel and all thereviews seemed positive. Neither the hotel nor the reviews let us down.The hotel is central to allow easy access to shopping (it is just off Piccadilly and only 10 mins from Regent Street). It is within easy walking distance to many of the central theatres and Green Park is only 5 mins away which gives a leaisurley 2 minute walk across it to BuckinghamPalace (and then onwards to Westminster etc if required).The mangement of the hotel at front desk and within the restaurant were as helpful as you could ever expect in any top hotel anywhere in the world. Newspapers provided free to the room each morning.The room itself was not large but was of a very high standard both of cleanliness and the facilities it offered. There was the usual hairdryer (high powered) and full tea,coffee and hot chocolate making facilities. Lovely towels and individual bath robes. Maid service to the room from turning down the beds in early evening to providing extra tea and coffee was first class.We only took breakfast in the hotel. Our charge included full English which was very good and again the waiters were more than happy to mix from the various (large) selection on offer. The only negative bit here would be if you booked without breakfast as full english would have been an additional £22.50 - a bit steep.We travel alot both in the UK and overseas and I would rank this hotel up with the best as value for money and undoubtably better than any other I have stayed at in London either for leisure or work.	
Apr 9 2009	Glorious stay and excellent afternoon tea....	My partner and I stayed in the Chesterfield Mayfair hotel for an evening with my 9 year old son. It was our first time in London and we enjoyed every moment of it and the Chesterfield (especially the staff) made this an exceptionally memorable experience. From the moment we stepped into the hotel we felt like royalty, everybody fussed over us, especially over my son, and the room was absolutly beautiful. We stayed in a Junior suite, the room had a king sized bed for us and a single sofa bed for my son. The rooms are charming with fabric on the walls and lots of natural daylight. We also endulged in afternoon tea that afternoon and I had the flowering tea which was out of the ordinary and the sandwiches and scones were delicious. It is really central and we managed to walk to all the main attractions and I enjoyed shopping in Oxfod street (10 minutes walk away) We will defiinlty be returing to the Chesterfield...hopefully in the near future. Well done to all the staff that made this such a memorable experience for us!*****	
Apr 9 2009 	Nice shopping weekend	Hotels in London are small and so are the rooms at Chesterfield. But they have managed to get the most out of the space available.Even before arriving we had a great service in that the Hotel send us a great guide on how to arrive at the best Hotel from Heathrow.Room was ready at arrivial as was a nice bottle of champagne included in the weekend package.Breakfast next day proved to be a bit of surprise in every positive way. A la carte eggs - never tried that before. Buffet had everything I would exaect and some.After a nice shopping trip we came back and got the tickets we ordered at the reception for a musical in one of Londons theatres. We also enjoyed the afternoon tea also included in stay.All in all a very pleasant stay and I would certainly recommend anyone to make a stay at Chesterfield and check out the weekend deals at the red carnation hotels.	
Apr 7 2009 	Oldest scam in the book!	Well, I know times are hard, but it takes something for a hotel to pull the oldest scam in the book - put a non-smoker in a smoking room, and the only non-smoking room available happens to require an upgrade. Tsk, tsk Chesterfield, you've lost 2 first-time guests who will not be returning.	
Apr 6 2009 	Disappointing won't stay here again	We arrived on a Monday at 3:30pm only to find our room was not ready. We were told we could wait in the bar area and no complementary drinks were provided. Also reception were poor in giving information on when the room would be ready and other details such as where the restaurant was located, breakfast times ect. We booked this hotel on the basis of the general good reviews written on trip-adviser- but find that this hotel is greatly overated. We stayed in a superior king which although nicely decorated was very small and not as clean as we would have liked eg/ fabric walls had layer of dust around the tops. We were disappointed that after sitting in the bar for over an hour on a Tuesday evening no pianist was playing- when we asked where he was we were told he was on a break- a long break by any ones standards.The only real good thing about this hotel is the central location.	
Apr 6 2009 	Fantastic hotel	I had booked a junior suite on the web using the 3 nights for the price of 2 offer. Upon check-in they said that I had been upgraded to an executive suite, the Dormer Suite. The room was beautiful, and included a king bed in the large bedroom, marble bath with a seperate shower stall and and additional shower head in the tub, and a sitting room with a sofa, 2 chair and a desk with another chair. A complementary decanter of sherry was on the sideboard, as well as coffee and tea making supplies. It was nice to see a proper teapot and kettle instead of expecting you to run water through a coffee maker to heat it. The tea selection was impressive.We ate dinner in the restaurant and I had the carving trolley, which is a large silver trolley with the roast of the day and they carve it tableside. Considering the class of hotel and location, I though it was good value at £16.50.Overall it was a great hotel, and for what we paid the room was an incredible value for the amenities and location. We'll stay there again the next time we're in London.	
Apr 5 2009 	Great value at an excellent location in London	Ok... the key word is value. Is it the best hotel in London, no. The fanciest, no. The most glamourous, no. However, for the price, location, atmosphere, and friendly staff, it is hard to beat.The rooms where I stayed we rather small, but elegant and functional. I felt like a special guest from the moment I walked in the door. The staff is truly friendly.I had requested a non-smoking room but they didn't have one for the first night of my stay. As agreed, they moved my belongings to another room then next day.	
Apr 5 2009 	lived up to expectations.......	having stayed at the milestone ,a sister hotel within this group....we found the chesterfield was superior to the 5 star milestone.Upon check in we were upgraded free of charge to a junior suite...very grateful as was my partner's birthday.staff were superb and very helpful.i still find the size of the rooms on the small side,but are fantastically finished with all personal touches.i suggested in room spa treatments would be an added bonus.Breakfast was a good selection although we found the waiting staff a little 'distracted'.Will definately return and try Butlers for dinner next time.Excellant location as we ate at The Square restaurant on the sat night.Wonderful experiance...we love Red Carnation hotels and are going to Summer Lodge in May for our anniversary!KEEP IT UP............	
Apr 5 2009 	Staff did it all!	I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights and I got a superior room on the first floor, unfortunately I had expected a flowery female room but got a very maritim room for a man, which was a little unlucky, but the room, even though it was small it had everything you could ask for. After the first night, I asked for a twin room since a friend was coming and staying with me and that was arranged very quickly by the staff and I did not have to pay someting in between. Staff helped me to carry my things to the new room and the new room was on the fifth floor, and nicely decorated with more female colors which we appreciated. Unfortunatly I was food poisoned (at a SOHO resturant) and called down to the reception and asked for more complementary water, I also said that I were going to spend the entire room in the hotel so that the cleaning lady should not come during the day. Just after 5 min the manager of the hotel called me and said that she heard that I was sick and asked if there was anything she or the staff could do to make my day better, I thought that was very nice and thoughful of them and it ment a lot to me. I used the wifi everyday (for free) and it was really fast and good!The other days were fine and we appreciated the stay very much for the service and that you felt safe in the hotel, service is excellent and you can expect to get help regarding the question. The only thing that was negative from my perspective was that the wall between our room (526) and the room next door was a little bit thin so you could hear their TV and when they were talking to eachother. But that did not bother me so much. From my perspective is staff and comfy bed the most important when I go on a business trip and this hotel have so good staff and the beds and linen are so nice, even the pillow was soft and nice (they always tend to be to high and hard)(I am using my fiance's profile for this review since I do not have my own yet)	
Apr 2 2009 	A little disappointed relative to expectation	I chose this hotel for two reasons, the generally excellent reviews on Tripadvisor, and a prior good experience of this hotel group in an English Country House hotel, which they carried off very well.So I had quite high expectations ...I called ahead to check the check-in time (1400). But when I arrived (1530) my room wasn't ready and wouldn't be until 1800 (this was a quiet Monday, but it had been a busy weekend apparently). I was offered a somewhat superior room but asked to pay an extra £20. I expressed my displeasure and, after a minute or so of consulting with a superior, I was given the superior room free of charge.The room itself was of reasonable standard, though pretty small (I'm glad I didn't have my original one!) and a little noisy for a while as it was near a function room being set up for the evening. But generally I had a comfortable stay and an adequate breakfast.On the positive side the staff - initial check-in friction excepted - were indeed friendly, helpful and knowledgable.All in all the stay was OK, but I wouldn't rush back.	
Apr 2 2009 	Pleasant traditional hotel with tiny rooms	The Chesterfield is a pleasant, traditional hotel in a great location on a quiet street just off Berkeley Square in Mayfair. It is one of the most highly rated hotels on TripAdvisor for London, a distinction which might be a little too generous. London is know for small and expensive rooms, but the rooms here are uncomfortably tiny. I booked a Superior King room and was a bit surprised by just how small it was. I have stayed in London on many occasions, and this room was by far the smallest I have seen. Not a great place if you have a lot of luggage or travel with someone else. Lovely room if you like the traditional touches, and well appointed by any standards, but tiny. And the bathroom is even worse--certainly not room for two people. And if you are anything more than skinny, the shower might be a bit tight for you as well. I booked the Mayfair Weekend with included a full English Breakfast and Afternoon Tea, and both were fantastic food-wise. The scones are simply wonderful, and the service is friendly and efficient. The breakfast room again is a question of personal taste--very traditional. At 200 pounds per night, the Mayfair weekend is a good deal for two nights with the breakfast, afternoon tea, bottle of champagne, free Internet, bottled water and late check-out. As mentioned, the location is fantastic, with easy access to the Piccadilly Line via Green Park tube station. Most everything is in easy walking distance and Mayfair is extremely safe, even late at night. Overall, a great place for slender tourists on a first trip to London. Business people and those seeking a bit of personal space around them might be happier somewhere else--the rooms are simply uncomfortably small.I would likely not stay there again simply because of the size of the rooms, but I might recommend it to friends looking for a very &quot;English&quot; experience.	
Apr 1 2009 	Our favourite hotel in central London.	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Chesterfield, it is in a great location and easy to get to. The staff were attentive and friendly and made us very welcome. Our room was excellent and really comfortable, we didn't want for anything.Our favourite part was the delicious breakfast, great choices and wonderful service.The only disappointment was that we could only stay one night but we will definitely book again and we will recommend it to our friends and family.	
Mar 30 2009 	The staff couldn't have been better in any way...	Stayed here last weekend in twin room (304) with friend. At first disappointed with room, as nothing like those pictured on website: Meticulously decorated and extremely well-equipped, but small, and quite dreary colour-scheme. All very mann-ish - would suit a couple of blokes better (we were hoping for one of the completely over-done flowery numbers!). Hardly any space at end of beds, and bathroom really tiny. Having said all of that, there was LOADS of wardrobe and drawer space, LOADS of top quality toiletries, amazingly fluffy towels, tea and coffee tray with proper cafetiere and real coffee, free internet on TV in room (and also downstairs in the computer centre), real hairdryer (ladies, you know what I mean!), the most comfortable duvets, pillows etc., and even a stationery tray in the drawer! Staff were exceptionally friendly, welcoming and helpful - seemed to anticiapte every request and deal with them professionally and happily. We LOVED this place. Gorgeous little pub across the road (&quot;The one and only footman&quot;), 10 mins walk from Green Park tube and buses, one of the most beautiful and safest parts of London. There was even a friendly bloke in the building opposite who waved at us every time we looked out our window! I can't wait to come back to The Chesterfield!	
Mar 26 2009 	Absolutely Wonderful	Husband &amp; I decided to splurge &amp; stay at the Chesterfield Mayfair post cruise. And it was worth every penny! Booked a special rate which included breakfast every day, tickets to King Tut, English High Tea and picnic. Location great in the heart of Mayfair - close to all the places you read about, the Ritz, Buckingham Palace, Green Park, the Dorchester etc. The small boutique hotel has old worldly feeling with service to match. The hotel was very accomodating and there was no problem switching one breakfast for a lunch. The concierge was in a class of his own - incredible. High tea was a meal in itself and the wonderful picnic so plentiful it fed not only ourselves but the relatives we visited (a family of 6). We had upgraded to a superior room - it was comfortable but tiny compared to North American standards and had no view.	
Mar 23 2009 	A shining example of superb service	We stayed here from 19-22 march and took advantage of a &quot;mayfair weekend&quot; package including breakfast, champagne and afternoon tea as well as late check out. We had room 419 which was at the end of a corridor and as such very quiet. From the minute you make your booking until the minute you check out you are treated to service as it should be - friendly, unobtrusive, caring and pleasant. Rooms are small but good with quality fittings and an attention to detail often missed at other similarly starred hotels. Everthing worked as expected and rooms exactly shown as on their website.Breakfast was probably the best ever at a hotel. Choice was extensive and it did not stop there. I overheard an American family on the next table order their breakfast and was astounded at their choices (what is it about our american friends and their weird sense of food combinations?!) but the waiting staff did not miss a beat and duly obliged.At the bar we were treated to quiet but efficient service (pricey though!) and afternoon tea in the conservatory was everything that you would expect. Nothing was too much trouble throughout and everyone from the chambermaids to front desk were charming. A true example of the customer as king and meaning what you say and do.I have stayed at other Red Carnation hotels and am a firm supporter and advocate. You will not be disappointed at a stay here.	
Mar 22 2009 	Overall pleasant stay with a few minor issues.	We stayed in a Superior King room for 5 nights in February 2009. While the location is good, the bed extremely comfortable, and the service attentive, a few problems we encountered would make me think twice before staying here again in the future. First of all, the wifi service, while included with the room rate, was down for the entire night on 3 of our 5 nights there. This is a problem for me. Also, we ordered room service one evening and the chicken breast in my salad was very undercooked and had to be sent back, and the chicken noodle soup tasted like hot water added to a soup packet. However, the daily complimentary water, fruit and biscuits were appreciated. If you don't use the internet in hotels and don't plan on ordering room service, this hotel would be a good choice.	
Mar 20 2009 	An excellent hotel	This is a fantastic hotel when visiting London. It's in a great location, with Green Park station just around the corner. The staff are very friendly and very helpful. Rooms are great. Top class hotel. Will be back here again when in London.	
Mar 18 2009 	Enjoyed our Stay at Chesterfield Mayfair	The most important features of a hotel for us are the location, the bed and service. With the Chesterfield Mayfair, the location is excellent, just a few blocks from Hyde Park, a short walk to Buckingham Palace or Oxford Street, and the subway was just around the corner. The beds were very comfortable and the bathrooms were big. The service was friendly and helpful. The decor is extreme English...I thought it was over the top but if you are visiting London for the first time, it may be charming. Breakfast was good and served till 11 am so if you are a late sleeper...no problem. Make sure when you make your reservations that the breakfast is included, otherwise, it's expensive. Overall, I think the Tripadvisor reviews had my expectations extremely high and I felt a bit disappointed during our stay. But overall this is a nice place and a good value for staying in the Mayfair neighborhood. I would recommend this hotel but I would try another during my next trip to London.	
Mar 18 2009 	Over And Over Again	Every time I visit London I stay at The Chesterfield Mayfair. It’s become my home away from home, for real. I stayed there by myself and with my family as well, and every time I felt the warmest attitude of the staff and their sincere readiness to do their best for making me happy. The personnel are the main treasure of this beautiful hotel. Kasia and Peter at the Front Office, Darren at the Concierge, Loris at the Butler’s Restaurant (btw, my cordial congrats to Loris with his prestigious 2008 – 2009 professional titles) – I’m ready to mention almost everyone, and all of them are great, and it’s them who make The Chesterfield Mayfair incredibly popular among travelers all over the world. Besides its great personalized service, The Chesterfield Mayfair got many other advantages:- Stylish rooms decorated in lovely traditional English manner – wherever I’ve stayed – either in regular double or super-king bedrooms, or a junior suite - all the premises possessed the fleur of chic and comfort;- Appropriate price-quality ratio bearing in mind that hotels in London are extremely expensive; - A lot of special offers – don’t miss my favorite “A Classic Weekend Break” including accommodation for two, daily full English breakfast (Scottish salmon bagel is a must), one traditional 5 o’clock tea at Conservatory for two (unforgettable, reservation required), a bottle of nice French champagne in room upon arrival, and late 6pm check-out;- Nice pre-theatre dinners at the Butler’s;- Unbeatable location between Piccadilly and Oxford streets;- Short walk distance to the Green Park tube station, St. James Park, Buckingham Palace, Royal Horse Guard, White Hall, Trafalgar Square, the Houses of Parliament.And have you been thinking still guys where to stay in London?	
Mar 14 2009 	Most helpfull friendly staff Ive ever found	My husband and I found this hotel on the net Dec 2008 we went there for our wedding anniversary and could not get over the relaxed and friendly staff , yet still very profesional.The hotel itself was lovely , perfect location to explore london but be away from the hustle and bustle .So because we loved it so much we went back in Feb 2009 , and again can,t complain at all , in fact Peter one of the supurb staff help out with my husbands new jacket he had bought that day ,when we were ready to go out that evening we noticed the surcurtity tag had been left on, so I went to reception to ask for any help or advice and Peter went running round london to find a shop still open to get the tag removed , which he managed to do so my husband was able to wear his jacket and we had a gret evening.Having stayed in several more famous 5 star London hotels I would be surprised to find that level of service while still being friendly.	
Mar 4 2009 	A terrific hotel that I'd receommend to most anyone	I've stayed in many fine hotels in great locations in London (this one near Marble Arch with plenty of access to things you want to see/places you want to go). I particularly liked the Chesterfield Mayfair for several reasons: the service was terrific--from sending free bottled water up to the room on a moment's notice to efficiently fetching taxis and givign directions; the room was clean, quiet, and comfortable complete with lovely bed, a heated bathroom floor, and an iron/ironing board; and they have a gorgeous lounge and terrace: I prefer to eat out for obvious reasons (and dod so here) but I'll stay in at least once next time to enjoy the ambiance of these beautiful spaces of their's.	
Feb 26 2009 	What a brilliant place to stay	We came to London for a weekend break with my wife and young son. We got to the hotel to be met by Chris who made us very welcome and explained all that we needed to know. Nothing could be too much trouble for him and the staff and even told us places that our son would be interested in. The room was just what we required. The extra touches, ie the heart shaped soap and the gifts for our son as well as the complimentaries, were an added bonus. The restaurant and staff was excellent together with the meals. The bar was very cosy and relaxing. The hotel is close to the places of interest and the tube station is only a short walk away. All in all a fantastic place to stay and like an old saying you get what you pay for, and this was worth it!!	
Feb 23 2009 	Great Location and Friendly Staff	We stayed for 2 nights last weekend. Very nice hotel in very central location in mayfair. 10 min walk to Oxford St. Lots of nice restaurants around the corner in Shepherd Market. We'll be back.	
Feb 21 2009 	Top Service - Wonderful staff - Great location - will be back!	I stayed here in Feb 2009 with a group of friends - we were celebrating the 40th B'day - the hotel couldn't have done any more for us. Staff were friendly and helpful - the level service was wonderful.It's good value when you take into account the location, the afternoon tea provided, the champagne on arrival, the level of service, the heavenly beds and the quality of the breakfast menu...I could go on! The bar is buzzy and a good spot to have a drink after a long days shopping! Location is a big plus - so easy to walk/taxi to shopping, restaurants etc. It's old worldly - so if you're looking for modern it's not the place for you. But if you are looking for a warm hotel experience in the heart of London this is the place for you.	
Feb 15 2009 	Best hotel ever - service and room was without fault	Our stay at the Chesterfield was faultless. Right from the initial contact with the hotel through to our departure, everything was amazingly friendly and efficient. On booking we were asked about our preferences - bedding, diet, etc - and these requests were remembered throughout. The room was beautiful and very clean. Afternoon tea is highly recommended; wonderful cakes, scones and sandwiches. We will certainly return.	
Feb 8 2009 	Sweet Hotel in London	Staff was very efficient and friendly. Excellent communication via email during reservation process. Good location, close to Green Park Underground, fun shopping, and great little restaurants around the corner (wonderful lunch at Caffe In). Room was clean. Towels and linens top notch. Bed was very comfortable and we slept well. Fresh carnation in the bathroom and heart shaped soaps at turndown – nice touches. We were due to check in Monday and the BIG snow hit London. We were coming in from Horsham and all the trains were cancelled. We waited until late afternoon to see if the situation improved and it did not. When we called to say we could not make it in, they did not charge us for the late cancellation and no- show due to the weather. When we arrived very early the next day, our room was ready for us. We enjoyed our stay!	
Feb 4 2009 	Fabulous English Hotel	I booked this hotel as was stuck in London with the snow. I stayed for two night and was very impressed. It isn't a big and modern trendy hotel and I liked that. The staff, on the desk and room service were excellent. It was a perfect stay. Room service was quick and good food and a good selection of wines. I will definately stay here again.Bed was very very comfortable and I slept well. great location too.	
Feb 3 2009 	Im Lovin It	Great hotel, have stayed many times over the past few years and It keeps getting better. The staff were so friendly, the service bang on and the location ideal!	
Feb 3 2009 	Good Stay aside from 1 or 2 things	This hotel is tucked away in the beautiful Mayfair district of London. Great location, walking distance to Oxford Street for all the shoppers, Hyde Park and Bukingham Palace to name but a few places of interest.Greeted very warmly when I arrived. I was a little early but my room was ready. I did bring my own bag up as it was just a small one but the front desk did offer to have it brought up for me.The room itself was small, but perfectly formed. In the centre of London you are not going to get massive rooms. The bed was comfy and the room in general very clean. If you are expecting high class Widescreen TV's this is not the place for you, its old style but everything works and looks in place in this hotel.Went to the bar later afternoon to sit and read while i waited for my boyfriend who was arriving later that evening. The bar staff were very attentive and you could relax away a couple of hours in the very plesant atmosphere of the bar.Had a booking in the restaurant (Butlers). This is the only place i had fault. The food was OK, nothing very special for the prices they charge. I did make a complaint to the head waiter that my Baileys coffee was cold, he just huffed at me and took it away and popped it in the mircowave and left it back onthe table without saying anything. I thought this was very rude. In an establishment like this if the coffee is cold - replace it dont microwave it. Needless to say i just left it there and did not drink it. This should have been taken off our bill but was not.Had room service the following day and that was lovely - great club sandwich and very reasonably priced, arrived promptly and staff very nice.Check out was very good as well and staff offered to store our bags as we wanted to go out walking before we had to depart to the airport.All in all i had a really nice stay in this hotel. I would stay there again although i have to say i would not eat in the restaurant - there are plenty around the area to choose so would not be stuck for somewhere to go.	
Feb 2 2009 	Great Locale Excellent Service	For Americans, the Chesterfield's rooms will be small, but think of it as a B&amp;B. The rooms are very clean, the staff extremely helpful, and the service is excellent. Although meals/drinks are expensive, you get what you pay for: first class all around. At least the Internet/Wifi and Business Center are Free!The location was the biggest draw for me: a few minutes to Green Park Underground Station, and a quick walk to excellent shopping in Mayfair.I would stay here again for work, and even for holiday.	
Jan 31 2009 	Everything I had heard about the Mayfair was true!	My daughter and I stayed at the Hotel Mayfair from December 28 '08 through January 3rd '09. We booked our vacation through American Airlines and had carefully read the TripAdvisor reviews prior to booking. All the positive comments were true and if I ever have the chance to stay in London again, the Mayfair will be my only choice. The staff was *5 STARS,* the hotel and rooms sparkling clean, the bed/pillows were perfect for a good night's rest, the breakfast was lovely and full of choices, the ambiance of the hotel, dining areas and lounge warm and welcoming and the street and location of the hotel was beautiful and convenient. This was my youngest daughter's senior graduation gift from me and having had a less-than-delightful experience at another hotel booked through AA.com for my oldest daughter's trip, I really did my research prior to booking this time. I chose the best hotel in London and *THANKS* to all the reviewers who had been before me we had a trip of a lifetime together!	
Jan 26 2009 	Romantic and beautiful	I booked this hotel for my girlfriend with a view to having a romantic weekend, it was the perfect choice and perfect weekend.The room was superb and everything said by the hotel in it's profile is spot on. In the upper market of location and hotels in London, the staff do not rest on their laurels and reputation, customer service is of the highest order.The only downer, was the price of drinks in the bar. £15 for a Vodka and Orange ? Then again my girlfriend was half hammered after one so it was a relatively cheap night !I brought my girlfriend a necklace from a jewellery display cabinet at the hotel, it means so much to her, a lovely reminder of the time we spent at the Chesterfield Mayfair.	
Jan 22 2009 	Excellent aside from one thing!	Whilst the hotel itself, and the reception/door staff were excellent, one evening myself and my girlfriend were stuck in the lift when we returned after an evening out. After 20 mins I pressed the alarm and about 15/20 mins later voices were heard outside and then a spoon, and screwdriver where then shoved into the lift doors to try and open them. I was concerned that no reassurance was given and no thought as to the safety of the lift occupants. I asked if they could call the fire brigade which in total after nearly an hour they done. We were offered a drink but decided to head back to our room. No apology the next day and I wrote to the hotel, with the main reason being concerns about their protocol when it comes to such an event. I have since had no reply which disappointed me as it was a wonderful hotel and location.	
Jan 20 2009 	Very pleasant indeed	Stayed here for the weekend for both pleasure and business in London and had a superior king room.The hotel is only a 5 minute walk from Green Park underground station, which is very useful and the setting in Mayfair is very attractive.The staff were extremely friendly and efficient from check in to departure. Their manner was such that nothing was too much trouble in attending to your comforts and requirements.Both the public areas and room had tasteful, traditional decor and the fittings were good quality. Both the bed linen and towels were also good quality. Comforts in the room made for a home from home stay, including bathrobes, slippers, complimentary refreshments and iron/board. Our room had a rear aspect looking over the hotel courtyard and it was very peaceful.The breakfast choice was extensive and tasted delicious.It's not the cheapest hotel (where is in London?) but it is well worth the money. A final point which always helps me decide if I would stay somewhere again, even though a hotel cannot always have control over this, is the other guests. A well behaved, pleasant and decent lot. Would certainly think about staying here again, should I need to venture to my capital city.	
Jan 10 2009 	What a delight!	I surprised my husband with a two night stay here to celebrate his 65th birthday. From the moment we arrived at reception we were made to feel special. The staff, without fail, were polite, efficient and couldn't do enough to make us welcome.We had booked a Mayfair Weekend so we were able to partake of the wonderful afternoon tea, not good for the waistline! With the hotel's cooperation, our two children and partners arrived for breakfast and no-one let the cat out of the bag! My husband was so shocked.After a busy day sight-seeing it was so wonderful to arrive at our oasis in Mayfair,away from the hustle and bustle of London. We had a great night's sleep and were never aware of any other noise from adjoining rooms.How wonderful to find a hotel that seems to enjoy looking after their guests!I will be returning with my sister in March.	
Jan 9 2009 	Little Gem	Really enjoyed our weekend break at the Chesterfield Mayfair. The staff were exceptional and everything was very professional. The hotel is in walking distance of Picadilly, Regent St, Bond St etc but remains in a very quiet area so you return to a completely relaxed haven.The breakfast was the best choice we have ever encountered and again the service was exemplary. My only complaint was that the room was quite small but had everything that a top class hotel should have and was beautifully appointed.Would not hesitate to recommend this gem and do hope to return. Got my deal through lastminute.com which wasa fab sparkly weekend with champagne and a superb afternoon tea. The scones were to die for.	
Jan 8 2009 	Chesterfield 's - 'up with the big boys'	I don't write long laborious reviews...just down to earth comments.Absolutely wonderful place to stay.Ideal location and the most attentive staff one could wish.Attention to detail paramount ,,,can't wait to return.	
Jan 8 2009 	New Year at The Chesterfield - Wonderful!!	My daughter and I booked into the Chesterfield for New Year using the hotels 'New Year Package' this included champagne reception, 7 course meal, music/dancing, brunch and a late check out. It was a fabulous night and a great way to see in the New Year. The food was delicious, service was excellent and the company of all the other diners was wonderful.I can't fault a thing. I have included 10 pictures of the hotel including some from previous stays so that you can get a real feel for the hotel itself ... and see just how happy we are when we stay there.Communication on booking was exceptional - preference forms are sent out so you can detail any needs/desires for your stay.Our room was boutique style - although the blue stripes on the wall and red flowered linen and upholstery were rather scary initially but suprisingly actually did work well together! The bathroom was small but compact and pretty and worked perfectly well. A/C was quiet and functional. It wasn't one of my favourite rooms but it was fine.Turn down service is particularly thoughtful - sweeties on the pillow, water restocked, bathroom straightened etc.We went for a wonder into Bond Street (a stones throw away across Bertkely Sq) to purchase some essentials for the evening (new Gucci shoes) and on our return there was a plate of fresh fruit in our room - very kind and thoughful touch.Considering it was New Year our room was very quiet. Reception staff were (as always) friendly and attentive. The bar staff were welcoming and charming. Loris and his team in the Butlers Restaurant were exceptional.Brunch was a really good idea - breakfast is always good in the restaurant - being able to saunter down after 11.30 was a real bonus. We had a very lazy morning!I have stayed at this hotel about 10 times, it never fails to impress me and I always feel well looked after and a little bit pampered and special. The way you should feel when you take a break away from the busy demands of normal life! Loris needs to be patted on the back yet again as he is exceptionally good at his job.Thankyou again The Chesterfield we will return in summer :) xx	
Jan 5 2009 	OK Not What I expected.	I stayed at the Chesterfield on December 26th for two nights. Check in was no problem and the room size was what I expected. The bed was a king as requested and was one mattress, not two pushed together as in so many other hotels. The bathroom was tiny also. It was difficult to take a shower as the floor all over the bathroom got soaked. The negative things I experienced were that on the first night after my transatlantic flight I woke up at 3 am and realized there was a radio on somewhere right outside my room. I thought this unusual as the room faced the back of the hotel and just looked over the roof of the restaurant and the conservatory. But it was loud enough to keep me awake. I phoned the reception desk and was told it would be checked out. Nothing happened. After about 20 minutes I looked more carefully outside the window to try to determine the location of this radio. There were lights on in what looked like was part of the hotel's kitchen and I saw the radio placed right next to a window. I phoned the front desk again a little more persistent this time and told the clerk that I thought the radio might be in the kitchen. Again he said he would check it out and a few minutes later it was turned off. Someone evidently was careless and left the radio on. Also the remote control for the television was not working and needed to be changed.The room was clean and the staff were pleasant but it is not in the category that some on this site have said, especially by North American standards. It looks a little worn out, especially for Mayfair. For the price though it was decent, but do not expect a luxury hotel by any means. Ate in the restaurant the first night and the staff were very pleasant and tried their best but the food was mediocre at best. All in all decent, but not worth the hype.	
Jan 5 2009 	Could not be better	We stayed for 11 nights at the Chesterfield that included New Years Eve. We stayed for 11 nights because we got an amazing deal on a website that offered a number of free nights with our booking. The fact that we had paid less than the normal rate had no bearing whatsoever on the courtesies that we received from everybody at the hotel. The service was just brilliant. Clearly, management has instilled in the staff that they are in a service business and that the customer is their lifeblood. The staff responded superbly. There was not a hint of stuffiness, and they responded to all our requests with a smile and efficiency.Our room was small, but very functional and had many luxuries, including free coffee and biscuits; free bottled water ( a rarity in the States) and extremely luxurious bathrobes and towels. The bathroom was small, but, again, very functional. We had dinner in the very stately dining room on two occasions. The hotel and its public spaces have a very &quot;clubby&quot; feel. They are mostly dark woods with an old world charm. The food is well prepared, but not spectacular. Again, though, the service is top notch. They simply could not do enough for you. And, the bar area and the bartenders are extremely engaging. After watching the fireworks over the Thames on New Years Eve, we came back to the hotel for a drink in the bar. It was packed, but the bartenders on duty made sure that they found a space for us and served us without undue delay. The location of the hotel is fabulous. It is about a five minute walk to the Green Park tube station and a ten minute walk to Oxford Street. If walking is your thing it is about twenty minutes to Picadilly Circus and about the same to Trafalgar Square. It is actually only about thirty minute walk to Harrods. All in all, the hotel lived up to everything that we could want in a hotel. And, for Mayfair, the prices are downright reasonable for the rooms as well as the restaurant. What a great place!	
Jan 5 2009 	Very Good	We have just had a very good three night stay in the Hotel, we were very happy with every aspect of the experience, from the initial contact and booking to the car parking and porter service.Various people have praised the staff, I can only add to that praise, it is quite refreshing to visit a Hotel that have staff that really care.The only minor grumble was that the shower in the room was fairly useless.We will use the Hotel again.	
Jan 4 2009 	once again faultless charm	taking into account the rates, simply the best hotel in london. period! from the location, to the wonderful staff, to the rooms, the food, the ambience, the price, the englishness!!! why stay anywhere else in london.	
Jan 3 2009 	Absolute gem.	Our room wasn't ready when we arrived so we were treated to complimentary drinks in the bar. Our room had everything we required even a little note saying we could request fresh milk from room service, we did this and within the time it took for the kettle to boil our fresh milk had arrived, a small but very welcome detail. We were celebrating our tenth wedding anniversary and decided to eat in the Butlers restaurant on the 30th, the a la carte menu was unavailable due to the fact that much preparation was required for the following night but that didn't detract from the tasty dishes we chose from the set menu. Time constraints meant that unfortunately we couldn't try their Afternoon Tea, voted bested Afternoon Tea two years running by the Tea Guild, this alone will make us return. Every single member of staff was pleasant and courteous and seemed proud of the fact they worked there.	
Jan 2 2009 	Nice hotel but not worth the hype	I stayed at The Chesterfield with my husband during the Summer and found it disapointing. Having reviewed their website I was very excited about our stay especially when they sent me a form to fill in prior to arrival listing all of our likes and dislikes - it really set the expectations high.The hotel is beautiful, and farily exclusive, and all the staff are very polite and attentive but the wow factor that I was expecting just isn't there. We were in a suite which was beautiful, but after all the hype of the website and the guest preference form the fact that it was just an overgrown hotel room was a massive disapointment. The room had two ensuite bathrooms, a huge bed and the usual bathrobes and slippers but that was pretty much it. All of the gifts and modern technology that you were set up to expect just weren't there, I dont think they even had satellite television.My husband and I dont eat fish as we stated on the guest preference form so were disapointed when the (small) tray of complimentary evening canapes was brought up and was both cold and 50% fish items. The list of drinks, films and music we liked that we were asked to give to them was a complete waste of time.We had afternoon tea while we were there which was lovely, the 'chocolate lovers' tea was especially good though the room it is served in was cold and lacked atmosphere. Compared to other afternoon teas in Mayfair, such as at the Lanesborough, it really wasn't a grand affair.Overall it was a pleasant hotel and we had a nice stay, but I would definitely choose the Grosvenor or somewhere a bit more flashy if I was looking to be wowed, especially at Mayfair prices.	
Dec 30 2008 	Oasis of Calm	We have stayed at this hotel on two occasions and have just booked to stay again. The location is fabulous - within a 10 minute stroll to Oxford Street but situated on a blissfully quiet street. The staff are charming and professional - you genuinely feel like a valued guest and nothing seems to be too much trouble. We were up graded to a superb ( recently refurbished ) room on our first stay - a large , beautifully decorated room, exceptionally quiet, clean and comfortable. On our second stay the standard room was smaller but still adequate, clean and quiet. We have only eaten breakfast in the restaurant( - the smoked salmon and scrambled eggs were superb ) but look forward to the opportunity of eating in the restaurant.	
Dec 30 2008 	New Years at the Mayfair	We are on a mid-winter trip to Europe with 5 nigts in London. I booked the Mayfair directly with the hotel - they had a very reasonable price for a 5 star hotel (just under 200 UKP / night). The hotel is 'old world bijoux' with al the usual amenities for a hotel of this caliber. The rooms are not large -- and just a bit cluttered -- but very comfortable indeed and well placed just 2 blocks from the Green Park underground station. Berkeley Sq. is a block away (you can go see the Bentlys there). All the public parts of the hotel are finished in dark wood and they give the appearance of quiet refinement. As an example of what to expect at the Chesterfield, I had a strange yearning for hot incemeat pie all day (having seen an ad for this somewhere in London),l and at the bar last night, over a Pimms cup, I asked if they could bring me a slice. After some scrambling around, they did indeed produce a slice of hot mincemeat pie.Tom and Bob Scottsdale AZ	
Dec 30 2008 	Outstanding!	Booked this wonderful hotel for a weekend break in December - from the moment my wife &amp; I arrived we were treated like royalty. I had booked the hotels &quot;weekend package&quot; which included a bottle of champagne and complimentary afternoon tea. To our surprise and utter delight we were upgraded to a suite. The standard of the room was exceptional and all that you could need was provided.Dinner at Butlers was a quality experience and throughout our stay the staff were extremely helpful, courteous and professional. For a real &quot;treat&quot; would recommend this hotel whole heartedly.Luxury at its best!	
Dec 28 2008 	Loved everything from the very first to the last minute!	Together with our daughter and our son-in-law, my husband and I spent an absolutely lovely long weekend at the Chesterfield Mayfair. Staff is extremely friendly, the rooms are charming, breakfast is generous and Afternoon Tea in the Conservatory splendid. You can spot the red carnations everywhere, they are a beautiful decoration. We had such a good time with you and we will certainly return to spend another unforgettable weekend at your hotel, a real gem!Adrienne Flück	
Dec 28 2008 	AMAZING GEM OF A HOTEL	Wow, this is the most amazing hotel, I almost don't want to review it to let the secret out, but its such a great find that it deserves every success it has coming.I arrived at 7am on Christmas morning after the hell trip from Australia. The lovely man at the desk informed me that the single room I had booked was not available so early but that it was not a drama, he upgraded me to a double room and led me upstairs immediately. First, the technicalities: I booked on the hotel website, the weekend package, a single room. This cost 115 pounds a night plus tax, and included breakfast, a bottle of champagne on arrival, afternoon tea on one day, 6pm checkout, and various other things that are not advertised, as I found out along the way: free internet (both wifi and cable), complementary bottled water in the room, the ability to have your breakfast served in your room instead of the restaurant, a newspaper daily, lovely fresh apples scattered around the hotel, tea and coffee in the room, sherry in the foyer... This is a very very classy boutique hotel - the fact that all of these things are included in the room rate rather than one feeling constantly 'nickel and dimed', is exactly what a hotel should be. Along with the wonderful warm welcoming hotel staff, and the high standards of cleaning and furbishments generally, it made for a truly blissful stay. I have read some negative reviews of this hotel on this site but having now stayed here myself I would be inclined to attribute these more to the writers than to the hotel. for instance, some might say, looking out of the window to my room, that the view is bleak - down below are air conditioner fans. But if you look up you see an incredible view of regency roof lines, its amazing at dawn and dusk, to see the horizon over such a view. And the rooms are no doubt small - as are all old hotels in England and Europe generally - but rather than finding this a negative, I find it charming and amazing at how they have managed to make so much space available in such a small room - its really incredible.other things I noticed:the bed is blissfully comfy - firm but squishy at the same time. and the pillows are easily the most comfortable I have ever slept on and I have asked for the brand so I can try and track them down myself. There is a turn down service each night which is a lovely treat. They ask you to choose between feathers or not, and between duvet and blankets. the linens are top notch - deliciously crisp and yet soft and beautifully monogrammed. As are the towels, so thick and thirsty and soft. and the bathrobes... Instead of dumping your paper on the floor each morning, it is placed in a canvas bag and hung from the door knob - I am sure that that attention to detail is appreciated by the older guest who finds bending down a challenge.the water pressure is amazingly strong - and wonderfully hot.there is a safe (digital, free) in the wardrobe which was the right size for my powerbook although I never felt the need to lock it away and just used it for my passport and jewellery.the location! I have never stayed in Mayfair before and now I can not understand why not - its a ten minute stroll to Regent Street to the right, ten minutes up the road to Oxford Street, 5 minutes below to Piccadilly, and five minutes in the other direction to Park Lane. Everything you could want right on your doorstep!the ability to have the breakfast included in your roomrate, served in your room, is just a really special treat. I have never stayed anywhere where that was the case, and being able to eat brekkie in your PJs while reading the paper, instead of having to get dressed first, for me, makes a holiday. hurruh!!So, to me this hotel is an amazing find and it is very hard to leave. I am staying at one of the sister hotels (the one near the palace) at the other end of my trip, and am slightly concerned because I now have such high expectations!!OK, I must stop raving and actually go check out!	
Dec 27 2008	Shopping and Christmas stay	We booked two rooms for a 4 night stay, just prior to Christmas. My wife and two children (18 and 22) The hotel is located in Mayfair and is so convenient for Oxford Street, West End, Hyde Park The service was excellent and the staff very, attentive and respectful. It was like steeping back in time when tradition and values mattered. We all enjoyed the full breakfast and afternoon tea. My wife can only eat gluten free food, which the chef aways provided and which was always to the highest standard. I would recommend this hotel as a throughly English establishment, which provides super service, in a great location	
Dec 15 2008	Afternoon tea	Visited this so British and stylish hotel for afternoon tea. Would have been great to stay too! Wonderful light scones and strawberry jam and delightful cakes. The only disappointment being very plain and uninteresting sandwiches. Delightful staff and such a pleasure to be able to sit and chatter and not to be rushed out. We enjoyed the decor of the main restaurant and the stylish ladies' powder room which is usually indicative of a good hotel. We shall be back.	
Dec 15 2008 	Very good hotel although not quite perfect	We stayed in the Chesterfield for one night to follow our office Christmas Dinner there.The hotel was very much as we expected it, being of a Regency style and with excellent attention to detail.In retrospect, the hotel probably wasn't the best venue for a lively group in their 30s and 40s, as it seemed the regulars were typically of a more sedate stage in life, and this was reflected in the bar after the dinner. While one barman was fast, efficient, and polite, the other we assumed to have been assigned to the bar from other duties and against his will, as he declined to utter a word to us all night, and met every order with a gruff, reluctant expression. It seemed the fifty or so people in the bar were beyond their service capacity, and at one point I waited over 15 minutes and changed position three times to try to place my order.However, they did have a reasonable selection of drinks, and those of us who ordered cocktails after our meal upstairs, said they were very good. The meal, although a Christmas Dinner and probably not representative of the restaurant, was a very traditional turkey dinner, and also good.The staff in reception were very helpful and friendly, reception itself was gorgeously decorated with a Christmas tree and real Gingerbread House, and our standard room was lovely, although small-as-expected, with shuffle-room only around the double bed, but this didn't feel oppressive at all. The bathroom was a decent size, with a walk-in rain shower. The bed was lovely, comfortably firm, and the linen, dressing gowns, towels, etc. were all very luxurious. Everything was perfectly clean, and the hotel well-heated even on the bitterly cold evening we were there.My only other criticism would be that the English breakfast delivered to our room was only lukewarm by the time it arrived: again, not a big deal, but for such a highly rated hotel, I expected more. Also, the man in the kitchen who took our order had trouble understanding my English, which again, is a minor frustration that I have accepted in many other hotels, but I wouldn't have expected here. I was slightly relieved to see our breakfast arrived as ordered. The fact that our rate included breakfast, and there was no charge for having this in our room, was a pleasant surprise.So, overall, the Chesterfield is a lovely luxury hotel, but probably more appreciated by those who are visiting the UK as tourists and specifically enjoy the Regency style. I was shocked that they would even employ such an unfriendly barman, but in all other aspects the service was good.	
Dec 11 2008	Terrific Stay in London	We had a wonderful visit to London which included 5 nights in this excellent hotel. Our room was lovely and included all the extras one needs. The hotel was well located, a15 minute walk to Leicester Square, the National Gallery, etc.. It was also a very quiet area. Staff were very friendly and professional. Even though it was expensive, given we were paying in Canadian dollars, it was worth it and probably good value compared to other top hotels.	
Dec 5 2008 	Perfect room for single traveller	I stayed at the Chesterfield Mayfair for one night this week. I had just arrived at Heathrow, quite late in the evening, to be in the city for less than a day before taking a train north. I was travelling alone and had requested a single. My room was nearly the smallest hotel room I have ever seen, but it was immaculate and met all of my needs. The furnishings were beautiful, the bathroom handsome and spotless, and the staff was helpful in every way. Furthermore, the price and location could not be beat. I was happy with the Chesterfield in every respect.	
Dec 5 2008 	absolutely loved it	one of the red carnation hotel chain the chesterville Hotel, mayfairabsolutley fabulous decor meals and afternoon high tea superb staff very very helpful treatedmy sister and i like queens i thoroughly recommend staying there	
Dec 3 2008 	Great apart from the smelly room	Booked a night with my wife in a standard room on the 29th November. Check in was smooth and efficiant and the doorman and other staff were genuinly interested in us and offered their help. Unfortunately despite booking a no smoking room we were put into a smoking room and given that the walls of the room are fabric lined it was pretty smelly. We asked to move immidiately but were told there were no non smoking rooms available but they could put a room freshner in the room!! We had to put up with it which really spoilt what was a pleasant , decent sized room. How come that you cant smoke indoors anywhere in the UK anymore except, it seems in hotel rooms. Fairly good value but watch out when you book the room direct as they quote a net VAT rate which doesnt help if youre not there on business. Mark Sussex	
Dec 3 2008 	There can't be a better London hotel	This is our 4th visit to The Chersterfield and they never fail to surpass themselves.The hotel is in a perfect location for shopping, theaters and sights, we didn't need a taxi.The food is excellent and reasonably priced, with a breakfast to die for, although the conservatory is a little cold in winter. The pianist playing in the lounge is a perfect end to a good day. The staff are always helpful.Rooms small but big enough and very well appointed, we loved the music room (bedroom).We are a mature couple from the UK	
Dec 2 2008 	Restful Stay	Polite staff - helpful, especially the 'tall man' on the doorVery clean roomsBeautiful crisp white sheets &amp; a really comfy bedLovely breakfastImmaculate bathroomsSmall rooms - but we did know that from reading reviews on hereA personalised card for our anniversary - nice touchBox of jelly beans complimentary one nightBottle of champagne and Afternoon Tea with the packageQuiet surroundings - no noise at all in the room, apart from a slight whirl from the air conditioningComplimentary water and biscuits topped up twice dailyTowels and bath robes fabulously softEasy walk to Green Park tube stationHyde Park, Oxford Street within 10 mins walkOnly 15-20 mins walk to the Queen's Theatre - Les Mis was fab!All in all, a superb place to stay, despite the dreary weather.Lastly the Christmas tree was beautiful.The only slight grouse - £11 for a glass of wine!!!! - we are not all Julia Roberts.................	
Dec 1 2008 	perfect hotelperfect location	excellent ,well organized, spotless hotel. this place has great rooms and a good size. Everything is there that you may need and nothing is too much trouble for the staff to make your stay perfect. The breakfasts are the best in any hotel in London . The location is good being near the royal parks for a stroll and shopping on Bond street. We loved our stay.We have used this place twice before for business and it has proved a consistently high satndard	
Nov 29 2008 	Amazing! I'll be back!	I decided to stay at the Chesterfield Mayfair based on reviews that I read on tripadvisor, plus the value for what you get and the location. There is so much positive I could say about this hotel but I'll just name a few. The room and bathroom were super clean. The bedding and toiletries were of high quality which I enjoyed immensely. The towels were so cuddly : )! The service was impeccable, there when you need it but not intrusive. Also, I loved the staff in the bar too, they were fun to talk to and provided great service.One other comment, I travel a lot for business so get to interact with alot of staff at hotels. It was refreshing to see how the staff was playful and light hearted with each other. One day I was walking by the lobby and heard them singing. It was so nice to be on a break in London and feel the joy of others around me. What a statement without words, to be able to observe people enjoying where they work and with the people they work with. Seems like a happy place to work which was reflective in the service and experience that I enjoyed at the Chesterfield. Thanks for the wonderful time! Judy Becker, San Francisco	
Nov 25 2008 	Always a pleasure!	We stayed here last weekend on the Mayfair Weekends package and once again, were not disappointed. We have stayed 4 times previously, and it really was like coming home. The room was a king size and although it was small, it was perfectly formed. We came here from another hotel and whilst the other hotel room was much larger, it was nowhere near the same standard of perfection. It really is worth the extra cost. The staff are wonderful - so polite- and actually look interested in you. The breakfast is superb, cooked to order and there was an incredible buffet selection-you certainly would not come away hungry! We would like to thank all the staff for a wonderful stay once again and will definitely be returning.	
Nov 25 2008 	Absolutely beautiful hotel	I stayed for one night at the Chesterfield on my own as I had been invited to a swanky party in Mayfair on a Saturday night and decided to treat myself. I did, however, get a fantastic deal on a website called hoteldirect I think and got a beautiful yet small single room with breakfast included. I turned up on Saturday afternoon and have to say that my entire stay was memorable! The room was beautiful, the bed so comfortable and the bed linen elegant and fine. The bathroom was gleaming marble with lots of lovely goodies and a huge shower. I was on the 3rd floor and it was incredible quiet. On Sunday morning, I ordered room service for breakfast which was such a treat and delicious. I don't often have the need to stay in London, as I live near Richmond but the hotel made my weekend a weekend to remember! Thank you The Chesterfield!	
Nov 25 2008 	The Hotel Chesterfield - a fabulous experience	We stayed at the Hotel Chesterfield a few weeks ago and we are still talking about the wonderful time we had there.The rooms are beautiful with fine attention to detail. There were all the essential comforts one appreciates like a plush bathroom robe and slippers as well as the everyday essential such as internet access and business supplies.The hotel's restaurants and bar were top notch. My sister in law came in late one evening and we were delighted to find that the bar remains open late into the night and serves food for their guests. The food was quite delicious and very welcome after a long day of travel. We had a English breakfast every morning in the main dining area and tea in the conservatory. Every meal was well prepared and again there was fine attention to detail.Without a doubt the most impressive part of the stay was the dedicated and caring staff at the Hotel Chesterfield. Everyone was so friendly and attentive. They were truly concerned that our trip be a great experience that they planned every outing with us, helping us get reservations and play tickets and last minute cabs. On a particularly busy evening we were running late for the theatre and the usual line up of cabs were not in front of the hotel. The doorman said I should wait inside, out of the rain and he would get a cab. I was so impatient that I went outside and didn't see him. Thinking he went home I wasn't sure what to do. Just then a cab pulled up with the doorman in the back. He had run out to the busy main road to make sure I got a cab and made it in time for the curtain to go up. That is all you need to know about the staff. They are all fantastic!	
Nov 19 2008	London weekend	This place is completly different in a good way from many others. Warm atmosphere with live piano music, old-fashioned design of rooms and public places, excellent staff and service make the hotel very special. What was the most amazing I found english porridge delicious for the first time in my life. The best choice for everybody who doesn't like big, modern style, simular to each other hotels. Natalia	
Nov 17 2008 	Girl's weekend to remember....Fantastic	Booked our weekend break back in March, got a great deal for 2 nights inc breakfast, champagne and afternoon tea. We were celebrating a 40th birthday just for me and my cousin, leaving the men and children behind.Arrived at 5.00pm on the Friday night. Fantastic location. 8 minute walk from Green Park tube station. You go down Berkeley Street and into Berkeley Square, and then Charles Street is right there.Lovely greeting from all the staff we ever had contact with. Room on the 4th floor which was a superior twin. Gorgeous bed linen, comfortable beds, fluffy robes and complimentary slippers.Breakfast was served until 11.00am on a weekend which was perfect for us because we really had planned to chill out. Short walk from Fortnum &amp; Mason. Also Green Park, St James Park, Buckingham Palace etc all so so near which makes the location superb.We loved the Chesterfield Hotel and would highly recommend it. Their staff are a credit to the hotel, and I could go on and on.Would we return ...... can;t wait to go back !!!!	
Nov 17 2008 	Thoroughly recommended!	My husband and I stayed for two nights at The Chesterfield Mayfair from Friday 14 November 2008; a special day as it was my birthday and our annual getwaway to London to visit The Good Food Show. We had stayed in many of London's good hotel's but The Chesterfield was one of London's most finest with exceptional staff and service. First impressions, we were greeted by an attentive Consiage who showed into a beautiful Reception, and assisted by a highly efficient and friendly Reception team. Alex checked us in and was totally professional, he made us feel extremely welcome. Coincidentally he checked us out and even remembered it had been my birthday!.Our room, like the hotel in general, was elegant and stylish. It had kept its traditional atmosphere and beautiful decor, still offering the latest hi-tech facilities.After returning to The Chesterfield late on Friday night, we were also greeted by a charming and interesting French Barman. The exceptional service continued at breakfast the following morning and there was a variety of dishes to choose from. I can recommend the grilled kippers with baby quails eggs ! We found The Chesterfield was located on a beautiful Mayfair street and easily accessible to the delights of Mayfair, Regent Street and Picadilliy, the theatres and Green Park tube station.The only problem we experienced with our stay was that it was not long enough! It was a fantastic weekend and a birthday I will most certainly remember!	
Nov 14 2008 	enjoyed our stay at The Chesterfield	My husband and I stayed at the hotel for a 2 night weekend break. We booked direct with the hotel and our rate included breakfast and afternoon tea, which we thought was extremely good value. The food was excellent, our room (a superior king) was very comfortable, and the marble bathroom with toiletries and robes was very luxurious The staff were helpful, storing our case on the Sunday because our train was not until late afternoon. The location was perfect for shopping and a trip to the theatre. It is also very close to Shepherds Market with its pubs and restaurants.	
Nov 13 2008	Wonderful Hotel	My stay at The Chesterfield At Mayfair was a wonderful experience. I was on my own and the staff were very pleasant. Just walking in or out I would receive a friendly wave from reception. The door men were very pleasant and the restuarant staff were excellent especially Fee.I would highly recommend this Hotel to any of my friends that intended to stay in London.Thankyou for the wonderful attention that was given to me.Sincerely yoursCelia Semitecolos	
Nov 6 2008 	Perfection	Our third stay at the Chesterfield and definitely not the last. Being Chesterfield regulars we know to expect extremely high standards, smiling staff and great comfort. Yet with each new visit we continue to be amazed at the attention to detail, the warmth of the service and the feeling of coming home at the end of each packed day in central London.One thing I would like to say to all those who comment on the room sizes - this is London! In our experience, the Chesterfield's superior king rooms are no smaller than their equivalent in other European city hotels. They are, however, better value for money and equipped to a far higher standard than those of any other hotel we have visited. I have no hesitation whatsoever in recommending the Chesterfield Mayfair to anyone staying in London.	
Nov 3 2008 	The Reviews don't lie!	My wife &amp; I stayed at the Chesterfield for 5 nights in late October to celebrate our Anniversary. We booked a superior King room directly through the hotel. The phone reservations were very easy &amp; the follow up by the reservation staff was excellent. We were sent a form for our preferences &amp; the attention to detail was great.The Check in was perfect but the room seemed quite small. I was promised another room in the morning but realized we did not need it as the space was more than adequate. We had a breakfast cooked to order every morning included in the room rate &amp; the quality of food was very good. All the classic English breakfast items were available to choose from &amp; the service impeccable. We also had one afternoon tea in the lovely Conservatory &amp; a dinner at the Butler restaurant which were also excellent.The service was well beyond what I have experienced in any European hotel. The hotel has a feel of a very English house with beautifully decorated corridors and rooms. The rooms are appointed very well &amp; the concierge, Chris, was fantastic at helping out with restaurant reservations. I would like to make a special mention of the location of the hotel which was perfect. It is within a 15 minute walk of most Central London landmarks, theaters &amp; good shopping . It is a fantastic hotel in a great city.	
Oct 24 2008 	Wonderful stay at the Chesterfield!	After reading the reviews on the TripAdvisor website - I thought I would try this hotel - as I like the Mayfair area. Stayed 3 nights (Oct 17-20, 2008). Both my girlfriend and I had a wonderful time - felt like we were coming home each day. The entire staff were very nice and couldn't do enough. The housekeeping was great.In room touches - a coffee press, coffee, wonderful teas, two types of water, cookies - all complimentary. Room was small, but efficient. Breakfast was very good, as was high tea . We had dinner twice at the Butler resturant in the hotel, too -service was excellent as was the food. Quiet neighborhood and a short walk to the tube and Green Park and Bond street shopping.	
Oct 24 2008 	Comfortable and Friendly	We have stayed at this hotel twice. On the first occasion, the Junior Suite we had booked was so small that there was insufficient space to unpack 2 suitcases, let alone set up a laptop. What was otherwise a very high standard in all the hotel departments was let down by the room size. This was not a Junior Suite at all, in fact it was no larger than a small single room. I wrote to the management after our stay, and received an immediate and apologetic response stating that they had now downgraded the description of the room in question and offered us a complimentary stay in another suite, which we took up in October 2008. The suite on our second visit was adequate in size, very comfortable with excellent bedding, separate shower unit plus full sized tub, plenty of hanging space and a pleasant seating area. I believe they may have 'upgraded' us to a full suite in view of our comments after the first stay.In every other respect, the Chesterfield Mayfair is a fine hotel, offering service levels well above the norm for London. The doorman parked my car, returning it punctually when requested. The room service was incredibly fast. The Butler restaurant served us an excellent dinner and the breakfast offerings were of the highest standard. If you are travelling 'light', I would recommend this hotel without hesitation, situated in a quiet and elegant part of London within an easy walk of the West End.	
Oct 23 2008 	Great location in Mayfair	I stayed at this hotel twice with a two week break inbetween. The first time, I was alone and was given a small room, I did not know where to put my luggage. When I checked in again two weeks later, having booked a romantic weekend package for me and my partner, I asked if we could receive a larger room and mentioned my earlier experience with the suitcase. The receptionist gave me the option to stay at a larger suite for an extra 40 GBP per night. I felt this was too much but then she offered another room for 20 GBP extra. Wonderful, I thought, until we got to the room. The Jungle suite was a quaint little smoking room. A strange smell put me off but I openend the window and did not think about this any further. At night, we shut the window due to the noise of the traffic. At 4 a.m. I just could not stand the smell any longer and detected a 'very strong and smelly' room freshener pluged in the socket. I unplugged it but a few hours later the poignant smell of old smoke in the curtains, wallpaper and carpet came out.We were lucky they could give us another room. Having stayed in 3 different rooms, I don't think I want to book that hotel again. The staff was very friendly and helpful at all times. We also thought that the afternoon tea was a highlight.P.S. back home I had to air everything I had along	
Oct 16 2008 	Perfect	This small boutique hotel exceeded our expectations. Everyone made us feel so welcome and the high tea was a real treat. Breakfast at The Chesterfield was one of the best and the staff are all so professional, friendly and helpful. The hotel is incredibly clean and the housekeepers deserve special praise as you would be surprised at the poor standard of cleanliness we experienced at most of the other hotels in the UK and Europe! The room was so special and cosy and the linen and bed divine. A special thank you goes to Mr Ben Seager who not only changed the dates of our arrival at the last minute but also accommodated our friends at the same special rate. The hotel is small, exclusive and perfectly located. A 5-Star experience!	
Oct 15 2008	Exceptional Hotel	Outstanding service from the minute we stepped out of the cab. The hotel surpassed our expectations, the service was exceptional and were pleasantly surprised but the hotels ambiance and location. Would recommend this hotel without hesitation.	
Oct 15 2008 	Not as good as we expected	We were finishing a tour of Europe and thought we'd stay at the Chesterfield Mayfair since we read such great reviews about it. The hotel was just not what we expected. It was a nice boutique hotel in a very posh neighborhood, but beyond that we did not experience the great service that others on this site have talked about. On the contrary, I found the service to be &quot;stuffy&quot; and not very friendly. We have not recommended this hotel to any of our friends who are looking for an amazing hotel in London.	
Oct 10 2008 	Fantastic service	Stayed at the hotel for two nights with my girlfriend. The entire hotel has a distinct English feel to it and is located in the heart of Mayfair, perfect for exploring the City.The staff went out of the way to help me procure a piece of jewelry - thanks again!Sumptious breakfast. Also, try the English Afternoon Tea, which was excellent. Would definitely stay again!	
Oct 6 2008 	Great Location - lots of staff!	We just returned from a two night stay at the Chesterfield and we were happy overall. We had 'The Mayfair Weekender Package' which includes champagne in the room on arrival, afternoon tea, late checkout.... Unfortunately we were put in a smoking room but did not realise this until we had unpacked and arrived back later that evening. We had not been asked about what would have been our preference which I thought was not good. The corridor did smell of smoke a lot and was not very pleasant at times but it was only for two nights so we didn't want to have to move. The room although nicely decorated was small and had a small window which over looked grey walls. I suffer a little from claustrophobia and to be honest found the room a little inhibiting! Staff were numerous and friendly although I have to say I was a little bemused to be asked, after check in, if we could manage our two cases ourselves! Not a great start.After that we had a nice stay until Sunday morning when I thought I should telephone reception to remind them of our 'Late Checkout'. We left the hotel at 1.30, leaving our bags in our room. We returned at 3pm to find we could not access the room, card was rejected. When I went to reception to explain this, I was told that it was standard 12pm checkout, I mentioned that I had confirmed this morning(part of 'weekender package').... I got no apology from this girl at reception, she just reactivated the card. Thought this was a bit rich. Yes the hotel is in a great location and is very comfortable and beautiful in many ways unfortunately we just got a few negatives along the way also.	
Sep 28 2008 	A truly wonderful experience!	I spent a long weekend at The Chesterfield Mayfair prior to going to a conference in Oxford and then returned there for a shorter weekend when the conference ended. Both times (separated by a week) were excellent. My room was a bit larger the first time (I believe I was upgraded) and I enjoyed the extra space, but the smaller room was just fine too. The staff was lovely and worked hard to accommodate my need to get into my room early, following an all-night flight from the US. When I couldn't get my computer to work (and panicked!), they sent the hotel engineer who was able to sort things out and was very kind and friendly. Breakfast was an absolute delight--including being greeted each time by name by the hostess after my first morning there. The tube stop was about 10 minutes away (but a lot of stairs!) and it was also easy to walk to places I was interested in seeing. There were fun extras such as a bottle of champagne in the room, the signature red carnation, and a complimentary afternoon tea each weekend I was there--so much food that I skipped dinner. I am looking forward to introducing my husband to this hotel when we can both go to London. It's charming, gracious, and in an interesting area of London. I definitely recommend this hotel!	
Sep 28 2008 	Pampered Luxury	My wife and I stayed at The Chesterfield in Mayfair earlier this month. We travelled down to London on the Friday evening and checked in late. Upon arrival the hotel staff were warm, friendly and extremely pleasant and efficient.Tired and with a big weekend ahead of us, it was important to us that we made the most of the weekend. We made good use ofroom service and again were impressed by the staff, not to mention the quality of the food.The room itself was well equiped and decorated nicely. Most things were catered for and compared with other similarly priced hotels in London, The Chesterfield offered a more spacious area that helped create that feeling of pampered luxury.Prior to our visit, I had organised for chocolates and flowers to be in our room upon our arrival. The hotel staff carried out this request perfectly and helped to make our stay a wonderful experience. Finishing touches, such as the fruit that was provided in our room, also helped to make our stay extra special.The hotel also provided us with the opportunity to cater the room for our particular tastes and requirements. As an allergy sufferer, I found the ability to order non allergenic pillows and duvets a welcome facility.The hotel is centrally located in the heart of Mayfair. All the staff proved themselves to be courteous and charming. The Hotel bar provided us with an ideal area for meeting our guests and later, for a relaxing drink in nice surroundings.The reception staff were extremely helpful and were able to make suggestions regarding our plans for the day and the Concierge were only too willing to hail taxis and help with luggage and all with a friendly smile and a warm manner, not something that is always on hand in London.All in all, I would thoroughly recommend anyone to experience the luxury of a few nights stay at The Chesterfield in Mayfair.We'll be back!	
Sep 24 2008 	Superb in every way	The Chesterfield was superb in every way. The room, restaurant, and service were all excellent. Most especially, we appreciated the help of the concierge when we were planning each days' activities. All of his recommendations were great and saved us time. Truly, The Chesterfield is an oasis in the middle of a big city where one can rest, work, or just enjoy one of the world's greatest cities.	
Sep 17 2008 	The outstanding Chesterfield	We (my wife and I) stayed at the Chesterfield during a 3 night stay in London, in short we had a fantastic time the hotel lived up to its world ranking, it was outstanding. Everything about the hotel was 5 star apart from the staff who were 7 star, nothing was to much trouble and the pride they took in carrying out their tasks was evident through out. Yes you pay for what you get but unlike some other hotels, we left the Chesterfield not begrudging a penny we had spent during our memorable stay.	
Sep 17 2008 	Fabulous London hotel	My family and I stayed at the Chesterfield for 4 days last July. I must say it was one of the nicest staff we have ever met! From the moment we entered the hotel, 'till our departure, everyone was really nice ,corteous, and funny! They made us feel very welcomed. When we arrived, the manager noticed that we had a lot of luggage, and upgraded us to a much larger room. Very professional. The room was spotless clean and big. Breakfast was included in our rate, and it was good . The location is perfect, pretty close to Hyde Park, but in a quiet and charming neighborhood. Well-worth the price. The Chesterfield will certainly be our # 1 choice when we go back to London, and we hope it is soon! Thank you, Chesterfield, for a memorable stay!	
Sep 17 2008 	By far hands down the best of the very best	My family and I are extensive travellers, going to Europe/the US more than once a year. Our wonderful experience with the Chesterfield Mayfair is unparalleled and their exceptional, professional and courteous services began even before our arrival. This is going to be a long email, but they deserve it. When we first made our booking for a triple room, I contacted the hotel via email, asking if it would be possible to get a somewhat large room because my elderly mother was to be with us and she is a bit claustrophobic. As the triple room also did not have a minibar, I asked if it would be possible to put one at an extra charge. In less than ten minutes, I got an email stating that a larger room would be made available and a minibar included in the room FOR FREE. Once we reached the lovely and charming hotel, we were delighted to find that the hotel decided to give us a complimentary update to a junior suite for my elderly mother's sake! The junior suite was lovely, with all the amenities that one can think of. My mother requested an additional mattress because of her bad back. Again, only a few minutes passed and a charming member of the management team, Ms. Devlin, came to apologize that they do not have additional mattresses and for that, they are offering a COMPLIMENTARY single room on the same floor to my mother. We were speechless. This proved to be a sample of the wonderful, courteous and personal touches that mark everything at the Chesterfield. On a daily basis, you get complimentary biscuits, candy, tea, coffee, hot chocolate and bottles of still and sparkling water. There is free internet in your room and free access to the internet and a printer in the lower level of the hotel. The suite, as well as my mother's lovely single room had also: a hair dryer, pens, paper, pencils, earser, post it notes, ruler, sharpener and scissors. Basically, everything you can think of and need whether you are on a business trip or if you are there for lesiure.The rooms and especially the bathrooms are spotless clean and shower and bath gels, soap and lofas are replinished daily. On your way in and out, you are greeted with a smile from everybody asking if you had a good time, if there was anything they can assist you with, directions, cabs, suggestions for places to go, and they also alert you if the weather was about to change. The doormen always gave my mother a hand as she got on and off the cab. We once had dinner at the hotel restaurant and not only was the treatment superb, but a few days later (we stayed for a week), we ran into the gentleman who was serving us, and he remembered our names! Ms. Devlin also ran into my mother at the hotel's lovely library and was keen to stop and ask if she was enjoying her stay, if the liberary room temperature was comfortable, if she needed anything at all.One day, we found letters, signed by the hotel manager, alerting us that neighbors were having a party that could stay a bit late into the night, apologizing if this was a bother and assuring us that the hotel would make sure that the music would not extend beyond 10:30 PM. We thought that this was a very nice and caring gesture. But that was not enough for the Chesterfield; later in the day, we got a call again from Ms. Devlin relaying the same message and the apology. What really sets this hotel apart is the personal touch and the extra mile that each and every member of the hotel staff go through to make sure that you are comfortable and that you are special. As to the location of the hotel - unbeatable. Within minutes, and on foot you can be in Berkely Square, Piccadilly, Bond Street, Regent Street, Oxford street, Park Lane, the Palace, everywhere. There are loads of restaurants, shops, bars and cafes under five minutes from the hotel. A Boots and a Sainsbury are practically around the corner.Would I recommend the Chesterfield to anyone else? I already have to business associates and friends alike. What a lovely lovely place, wonderful people and the best choice for a memorable stay in London. Cannot wait to go back. Our enjoyment of London was to no small part thanks to the Chesterfield and their staff.	
Sep 16 2008 	Fabulous!	A superb hotel in the heart of London. The decor is fantastic with attention to detail, the staff are polite and helpful, and the food is sumptious. Our room was elegantly decorated, with all the modern conveniences.We dined in the restaurant, enjoying a beautifully prepared meal. Breakfast was delicious with choice of cooked english, continental and several other options. Room service was polite and prompt.	
Sep 9 2008	Great Hotel	My Brother and I had just finished an eight day tour of Ireland which we enjoyed. When we got to London we were looking for a four day stay where we didn't have to change hotels or Bed and Breakfast location every other day. We both got our own room. The condition of the rooms were clean and decorated very well, (although small), staff was great and helpfull. It was a great location quite and handy for the Green Park station, within walking distance of Hard Rock if you needed a good hamburger, and in a good park of London. In short this hotel was one of the best we stayed at during our trip. In addition it was a great value.	
Sep 2 2008 	It's all true. This place is great.	What a perfect introduction to London. A small gem of a hotel tucked away on a side street in a lovely neighborhood. Very romantic. Lots of brocade, carpeted walls, and mirrors, mirrors, mirrors. Nice bathroom and amenities, competent staff, all together a real find.	
Aug 27 2008 	All Class	What a lovely hotel, we stayed mainly with family during our tour of England, but for our last night we splashed out.The service was fantastic, the food great and hotel amenities almost second to none.The rooms are on the small side considering the price you pay but the location makes up for it.If you have the cash, then you should splash out and spend a couple nights.	
Aug 26 2008	Intimate Hotel with Great Service	The Chesterfield Mayfair remains my favourite hotel in London. The location is fantastic. The hotel is intimate and very British. The staff, especially the concierge Chris, go above and beyond the call of duty to make you feel welcome. Highly recommended!	
Aug 22 2008 	Loved the Chesterfield	My girlfriend and me were meeting in London for a pre-honeymoon and discovered that the best way to reassure what love is was by staying at the Chesterfield. Wonderful staff, courteous and extremely helpful for all those small details that you need in order to make your girlfriend feel the one and only. One thing that you need to know is that the Chesterfield is not the typical big, enormous spacious american-type of hotel. If you are looking for that, go to big polluting beach resorts somewhere in the Caribbean. At the Chesterfield you will enjoy a truly english exprience with charming decoration, clean bathrooms, excellent bar and cuisine, and a romantic and elegant atmosphere. Once I heard that the will be always an old, good England....well, I hope that in the future there will be always a Chesterfield in London.	
Aug 15 2008 	Excellent hotel great loacationwonderful staff	We have just returned from three days at the Chesterfield Mayfair, our second stay so far this year. It really is an excellent hotel in a great location with very pleasant, helpful staff.We had a package deal which included tickets to the Tutankhamun exhibition with an unbelievable picnic lunch to take with us, lunch on the first day and afternoon tea on the third. The service in the restaurant is impeccible, as is the food - don't miss lunch in Butlers.The room was well presented and comfortable with all the small touches one would hope to find in a top London hotel.We will be returning later in the year.	
Aug 14 2008 	Excellent experience	The hotel we usually book in London was unavailable so we did quite a bit of research and decided on a Red Carnation chain hotel. Don't be put off when I say chain - because we found the staff to be incredibly personal, the property outstanding both in location and amenities and the services excellent.The location is great for walking to all the great London shops and sights. The hotel is located in the best part of town and there is a wonderful pub right down the block.Be warned - the rooms are on the small side but very functional and the beds are quite comfortable. They even email you ahead of time to find out what type of pillows you would like and whether you prefer a duvet or blanket.Breakfast was included daily, which we took advantage of both in the restauarant and room service. The food is wonderful and the choices varied. We ate there 5 days in a row and didnt get tired of the choices.Hope you all have as good an experience as we did. The staff is wonderful.	
Aug 12 2008	great experience	Stayed at the Chesterfield for my 4oth birthday and fully enjoyed our stay.Location is superb staff friendly and helpful and the afternoon tea is an absolute joy.Room was quiet and well equiped.All in all a fantastic weekend and pleasurable stay.	
Aug 9 2008 	Lovely hotel great location	What a wonderful start to 3 weeks in Europe. This is a lovely hotel in a perfect location. We walked everywhere. Could live in Mayfair - it is beautiful. Staff were fantastic, even watched Wimbledon Final with them in their lovely bar. Make sure you have a drink in the bar if you stay here as it is a great way to finish the day. The service here is outstanding. We arrived very early after a 23 hour flight and were able to have a room straight away. Throughout our time at the hotel staff were always pleasant and helpful. Arranged tickets to Hairspray the Musical for us (a must see - amazing show) and gave us great tourist advice. Would highly recommend this hotel especially if you are looking for a true English experience rather than staying in a contemporary chain hotel.	
Aug 7 2008 	As good as the reviews said it would be	We always look for a good place to stay when away from home. I use TripAdviser when deciding where to stay and it has never let us down. The Chesterfield was wonderful. We stayed for three days during a weekend and from the moment we arrived to the moment that we left the Hotel we were very well looked after. All the staff are friendly and easy to speak with. The restaurant food is very, very good. Our room was small but very comfortable with everything working as it should. AND they still turn down your bed at night, something that a lot of hotels have stopped dowing these days. A very nice touch. We will certainly be back again!	
Aug 3 2008 	Great Hotel	As regular visitors to London over the years and having been based there in the 1980`s and 90`s my wife and myself have progressively &quot;tried and tested&quot; a large number of the capital`s hotels.The Chesterield Mayfair ranks as one of the best and it delivers what it`s reputation implies. Located not far from Green Park Tube Station it is extremely well located for getting around the capital.On arrival the receptionist was welcoming and despite a slight glitch with our travel companies reservation details soon had us checked into our room.We were on the seventh floor in a room that was of reasonable size, tastefully decorated and clean and well furnished with plenty of wardrobe and storage space. The bathroom was small but certainly adequate. The bed was comfortable, housekeeping of a high standard and there was little noise from outside or within the building. The hotel provides the twin benefits of staying in a pleasant residential area with quick access to transport links and local attractions. There are plenty of cafes and sandwich shops close by if you want snacks and drinks to take out for the day.As we were either at shows or visiting attractions we dined out at night so only breakfasted in the restaurant which is light, pleasant and relaxing. The buffet was varied and plentiful and more than adequate for our needs so we resisted the temptations of the cooked breakfasts which did look appetising and well presented.On this trip we did not have time for leisurely dining out in town but for a light pre/post show meal, if you like Italian food, try Cappuccetto in Moor Street (just off Cambridge Circus). If you want to pay £19 for two coffees and two cakes go to Pompidou in Irving Street just off Leicester Square.On departure from the hotel we completed the guest questionaire and commented on the noisy room air conditioning, cold toast at breakfast and failure on two mornings to clear our used crockery. Within a few days of returning home we received a detailed letter from the General Manager confirming that these matters had been given careful attention. That is the good customer service for which the hotel is known.We enjoyed our stay and will certainly go again.	
Jul 29 2008 	The Ultimate in Customer Service	We arrived for a week's stay at the Chesterfield Mayfair and were constantly impressed and pleased by the extraordinary service that was provided. Everyone was friendly and made us feel quite welcomed. Our room was delightful, but a bit on the small side. The bathroom was more than adequate. Our experience in the bar and restaurant was similar; staff just seemed to really extend themselves to make you comfortable.This was our first stay at the Chesterfield Mayfair. Our previous visit to London was at the Stafford (same general area -- much more expensive). We will return to the Chesterfield Mayfair. Great value, great location and a wonderful staff.	
Jul 22 2008 	Great Location Charming hotel if you get a nice room.	My son and I just returned from a trip to London and Paris. The Chesterfield Mayfair Hotel was our first stop. I had emailed the hotel just after I booked our trip to secure a room with 2 double beds, seeing that I am traveling with my son. No problem, received a prompt reply, it would be taken care of. It was, however, the room we were shown first was drab, depressing and smelled. The next room we took for one night because there weren't any others, was equally drab and depressing, but we both slept well. The next day we were upgraded as promised, however they wanted to charge us $200 US for the upgrade. I told them if I was going to spend that I would check out and move to the Ritz Hotel. Didn't think the hotel was worth it at that price, an extra $200 per night. So, upon that they upgraded us to a suite for no extra charge. I was considering moving hotels...but the suite was lovely. The only problem was the noise of cars outside our window at night. It made sleeping with jet lag a little difficult. It is a lovely hotel if your room is nice, the suites are nice, the other rooms need a face lift. I found the concierge to be very nice and helpful. He recommended a restaurant nearby the hotel for a very delicious dinner, VERY EXPENSIVE, but I knew what I was getting myself into. Try The Greenhouse if money isn't an issue, wonderful meal, beautiful restaurant and walking distance from the hotel. A wonderful French chef.The bar at the hotel was cozy, great piano entertainment, however I do agree with another reviewer that said help in the bar is indifferent. It is though they are really doing you a favor by serving you one of their very high priced drinks--loose the attitude and it is a great hideout. Would I stay here again, perhaps, if I could be guaranteed a suite on the interior of the hotel. Great free computer use in the lower level, that was a plus, as I had some work to do.	
Jul 22 2008 	Wonderful hotel with PERFECT staff	We spent a weekend in London at the Chesterfield Mayfair - and if I could, I'd hop onto the next plane and head right back!Our stay at the Chesterfield was perfect in every way. First of all, the location couldn't be any better. It's easy to get around from Mayfair as the Green Park tube station can be reached within 3-4 minutes and the Oxford Street shopping area is not more than 10 minutes away.Moreover, the staff is truly exceptional. Everybody, from the doorman to the concierge, is more than willing to help you in every possible way. After checking into our room we found out that our bed was too short for my husband. Although the hotel was almost fully booked, an extremely kind lady at the front desk took care of our problem and accommodated us in &quot;The Study&quot; junior suite (what a wonderfully decorated room!) at no extra charge. Thank you once again!We had a traditional afternoon tea in the Conservatory twice - both times everything was incredibly tasty and we were offered more of all the things we enjoyed most. Again, the staff was perfect.Also, we stayed in for breakfast on both mornings and the choice and the quality of the food items on the menu and on the buffet is exceptional.I can recommend the Chesterfield Mayfair in every way. I'm sure even travellers used to very high standards will enjoy every single minute at this fabulous hotel!	
Jul 15 2008 	Disabled Guest Review	Booked through londontown.com after reading TA reviews. Family of 4 (2 teens, 2 adult - 1 in wheelchair) stayed 8 nights in 2 rooms. Yes, it was beyond nuts, I admit it right up front. but we wanted to be taken care of by a 5-star hotel. We really weren't taken care of as expected (see below), but it was a nice enough place to make our stay an enjoyable experience. As a disabled guest in London for the first time, I was glad that the hotel, as expected, is centrally located within a short walk of good breakfast &amp; lunch places (Cafe Necco is excellent), the Ritz (Evan Evans tour bus pick-up location), Buckingham Palace, and London's extensive bus lines. The hotel doormen had to drag a portable lift to the doorway every time I entered and left the hotel. They eventually got used to the routine &amp; were nice about it, but I still felt conspicuous. Lobby interior is inviting just like the pics, very British-clubby and elegant. Bar and restaurant are as nice as pics as well, but staff is a bit indifferent in the bar. Bathrooms are in the lower lobby and are not accessible at all. The hotel provided me with a lovely and quiet accessible room dominated by the king-sized bed, which had a very hard uncomfortable mattress and several too-soft pillows that made sleeping difficult. AC was loud but tolerable. Accessible bathroom had insufficient grab bars, and a sloped entrance ramp that made wheelchair access impossible without help, and the rickety tub chair was truly treacherous. Still I was very glad to have this room once I woorked out a system for myself - I used a manual wheelchair in the room, and switched to a rented electric one for outside use that I stored in the library at night. Hotel elevator (lift) was very small - I had to move the footrests back on the manual chair to fit inside, and it was a very tight fit for the electric one . Doormen assisted in retrieving &amp; storing the ramp and wheelchairs but I had to get huffy with the night staff before they became more helpful. After they knew I needed them to be more pro-active in setting up the ramp, getting the wheelchair, etc., everything went much more smoothly. Still, I feel that for a 5-star, hotel, I shouldn't have needed to be assertive to get help (just with the night staff; daytime staff was usually fine). [Note: I found the London bus system to be very convenient to the hotel, and the busses were eminently accessible with excellent lifts.] Staff was not very helpful at all re: sightseeing and transportation tips and assistance, again, surprising for a 5-star hotel. I'm glad I'm self-sufficient and that I'd done all my own very extensive research in advance. Still an elegant small hotel in a very nice, safe neighborhood that makes a visitor feel very good. Prices are so ridiculously high (even though I'd been duly warned, the money drain was much worse when actually experienced) that your money gushes out of your hands like flood water - after 8 days in London I felt almost like it just didn't matter anymore, because I was so broke-what difference is another $40 breakfast of 4 bottles of juice, a small fruit container, and 2 muffins, anyway, after a week of crazy prices? Enough to make anyone punchy...!	
Jul 14 2008 	Wonderful staff 	We had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The staff are really friendly and the manager provided complementary breakfast after some confusion on the booking, and then a free room upgrade as it was our 50th wedding anniversary. What more can you ask for.The hotel is well situated in the heart of London and the breakfast and evening meal were excellent. The room and bathroom were spacious and quiet.We would gladly come here again in the future.	
Jul 8 2008 	Great Location and Service	My girlfriend took me here for a weekend break for my birthday.She wanted a good base for easy access to the city.LocationThe Hotel is about a 5 minute walk from Green Park Tube Station.HotelThe Hotel has an old fashioned warm and cosy feel to it, with all the mod cons discreetly hidden.It was kept clean and tidy during our stay.RoomOur room 601 was nice, not very large but more than adequate as we wasn't planning on staying in much. The bed was comfortable, there was ample storage and was kept clean to a very good standard.Food &amp; DrinkThe Breakfast was very nice but pricey at £22.The 24 hour room service lived up to its word and again was very tasty but pricey.The Afternoon Tea was nice, served in the conservatory with the usual sandwiches, scones and cakes. Perfect for a lazy Sunday afternoon.StaffThe Staff were great. All our needs were met when dining and checking in/out.The cleaners did a great job aswell.OverallI would recommend this Hotel for someone wishing to stay in a good location to the city. It’s clean, relaxing and informal. The food and service that we experienced was to a good standard. Be prepared to pay for the privilege.	
Jul 8 2008 	Excellent!	My family and I stayed at the Chesterfield Mayfair Hotel for 3 nights in late June. The hotel was offered as part of a vacation package booked through Costco Travel. We were impressed with the level of service and cleanliness. The staff clearly aims to please its guests. Our room was small, but comfortable. The hotel provided robes and slippers. Amazingly, the bathroom mirror never fogged up after showers and the marble tiled floor was comfortably heated. The hotel is within easy walking distance of Buckingham Palace and Picadilly Circus. The underground tube station is also nearby. The only drawback I can think of, is the hotel restaurant is very pricey......but so are many other things in Europe when purchased with the American dollar. Overall, this hotel is a gem!	
Jul 5 2008 	NOT WHAT I EXPECTED!	Stayed at the hotel for five nights the week of 30th June 2008.I stay in London hotels about 40-50 nights a year, in the recent past had have been staying at the Park City but decided as I had customers joining me to stay closer to town.The hotels location is a positive as well as the service and food, ordered room service a couple of nights and it was of a very high standard.I am staying in a suite which is the size of a normal king room; my guests stayed in king rooms which they all commented on were very small. The decor is absolutely not to my taste, over done and tired. The noise coming from the nightclubs or bars is not to believe, I am writing this review while I am still in the hotel at 23:30 and the din is unbearable, I can hear every word the DJ is bleating out. My guests also commented on the noise from the bars below their rooms, not a good impression when you are doing corporate entertaining. Overall a very disappointing experience will not be staying here again. Back to the Park City where you get a decent sized modern room and a good nights sleep.	
Jun 29 2008 	A Ghost of a Beautiful Lady	The Chesterfield Mayfair London has become a faded beauty, still interesting, but lacking a great deal.I've stayed at the Chesterfield many times and have had wonderful stays. I particularly enjoyed the elegant touches and the high levels of service. Now, the Chesterfield is more like a &quot;nice Marriott&quot; than a speccial lady. The location remains a postive. However, the new smoking terraces of the nearby pubs create a din from 6:00 PM to 9:00 PM.My room was small, but filled with monsterously-sized furniture. The results was a feeling being in a flea market vendor's small shop. The bathroom was so small, that one had to take care not to hit the sink when exiting the bathtub / shower. The closets were ample, but access to them required a contortionist.What can one say about the price. While the Chesterfield is not blame for the weak dollor, the prices have increase over 50% from my last stay 2+ years ago. With the weak dollar, a commercial room was over $500 per day!The service staff was, at best professional. The old &quot;touch&quot; of the concierge and receptionists has been replaced by young, inexperienced people who do not suceed in pulling it off.The bar remains lovely with excellent service. Even the tennis ball that bought a round of drinks did not help reduce the sticker shock of a couple of glasses of house wine.Breakfast was very nice; however, it was so expensive that I lost my appetite.One might do a lot better at a Marriott.	
Jun 28 2008 	Fabulous	Great location, Beautiful Room, Excellent Breakfast buffet with everything.If staying over a weekend book the weekend special that comes with breakfast &amp; an afternoon tea.No negatives on anything !!	
Jun 23 2008 	Small rooms but excellent hotel	Very centrally located close to Piccadilly. Arrived after midnight and met friendly and helpful staff. Room was quite small but it had everything; good bed, comfortable chair, wonderful bathroom with big shower in the tub and free wireless Internet access. Everything very well maintained, lots of dark wooden panels. Breakfast in the very nice Butlers restaurant, but price of £ 22 is rather stiff! Buffet was not impressive but hot dish made to order was very good.	
Jun 10 2008	A Classic Home Away From Home	I recently returned from a trip to the UK which included 4 nights at The Chesterfield Mayfair, the concluding stay of a 12 day business trade mission to the country. I have stayed at The Chesterfield in the past as an individual and found it appealed to my sense of personal taste. I thought the location perfect for our trade mission's meeting schedule in London, so I directed that we should lodge there during our London sojourn. But I was a bit apprehensive, concerned if our fellow travellers would appreciate this hotel as I do. All of them Americans (14), there was a predisposition towards larger properties with big expansive rooms, and I was concerned that The Chesterfield might be too intimate for them. I needn't have worried. Comfort and service will always stake a claim on the most jaded traveller, and The Chesterfield showers both on its guests. The reception staff, from the cheerful doormen to attentive desk staff, were on top of our needs and quickly and efficiently got this large group sorted out, bags delivered to the proper rooms (with not one mistake...and no bar codes!!!!!!). The Chesterfield's guestrooms, radiating warmth and comfort, made every one of our group feel 'at home'. Chambermaids were efficient and never intrusive. Room furnishings were traditional and rich, and in-room electronics were state of the art contemporary. The bar was a joyful, pleasant, stylish retreat every evening. Breakfast service in the bright and cheerful dining room was snappy and food quality top-notch. Evening meals were perfection (try the salmon en croute from the trolley). The staff cannot do enough, from directions to advice, and demonstrate not only good training but a high level of motivation and pride. I love this location, so close to Piccadilly and the West End, an easy walk to Knightsbridge and Bond Street and Jermyn Street shopping, in the heart of Mayfair. I think there is value for money here. The Chesterfield is one of those rare hotels where a guest is perfectly content to spend a day or evening 'in', despite the obvious appeal of London's endless attractions on the doorstep. I have visited London many times, and stayed in many hotels, but Chesterfield has become my absolute favourite, and for value, location, and total comfort it is a winner.	
Jun 3 2008 	Chesterfield Mayfair	It's an amazing hotel in Mayfair within walking distance of Harrods, Oxford street, Buckingham palace, and various parks. Public transport is also just a block away from the hotel. Staff in the hotel were lovely, being very friendly and helpful. We didn't eat in the restaurant but did have a couple of drinks in the bar. The piano playing in the background added to the ambiance no end.	
Jun 2 2008 	Exceptional Service	Having stayed many times in London and received excellent service at hotels such as The Dorchester, The Grosvenor etc., I have never been treated to such outstanding personal service as that delivered by The Chesterfield. Absolutely nothing was too much trouble and the staff could not have been friendlier or more attentive in a non obtrusive manner. Special mention is deserved by Loris, the most charming of Restaurant Managers you could wish to meet. Service in the Butlers Restaurant was outstanding whether it be for breakfast, afternoon tea or dinner, as was the quality of the food. The Dormer Suite in which we stayed was extremely pleasant and very quiet with little or no noise from outside or inside the hotel, together with lovely extra touches such as the decanter of sherry!! My wife and I will have no hesitation in returning on our next visit to London as this hotel fully deserves it's Tripadvisor rating.	
May 28 2008 	The best weekend ever!	I have just returned from the most amazing long weekend in London, staying at The Chesterfield Mayfair. We arrived at the Hotel earlier than the usual check in time however the staff were wonderful, helpful and friendly with nothing being too much trouble. We opted for a superior double room that I just cannot fault, the room was spacious, well decorated and immaculately clean. The bathroom was simply stunning with possibly the best shower either of us have ever experienced! Nice additions such as bath robes and slippers, bottled water plus ground coffee and a caffitier added to our stay. Our rate included afternoon tea which was fabulous with more of all the lovely sandwiches and cakes offered should you wish. The breakfasts were equally as impressive with a huge choice of well prepared hot dishes on offer alongside the usual cold options.Location wise the hotel is ideal, set a little away from the hustle and bustle of the busier areas, there are plenty of ammenities close by. The tube station (Green Lane) is only a pleasant few mins walk away, as is Piccadilly, certainly an ideal base to explore London from.All in all I can't thank The Chesterfield Mayfair and all its staff for helping make our time in London the most fantastic weekend, Thank You!	
May 26 2008 	Very nice hotel great location	The hotel has terrific service. The rooms are small, but very clean, well appointed. The location is quiet and very convenient. I would highly recommend.	
May 26 2008 	Lovely birthday weekend	I selected this hotel from the trip advisor reviews for a weekend in London to celebrate my husbands birthday. I have to say we thought the hotel was very well located, a five minute walk to Green Park tube station and we easily walked to Bond Street &amp; Oxford Street. We had a weekend package and thought this fantastic value. Breakfast was excellent, plenty of choice and the smoked salmon was delicious, everything we ate at breakfast seemed to be very good quality. We also had the afternoon tea on our last day as part of our package and again we are big eaters but just couldn't manage it all (and the scones were just the best). Staff were courteous, polite and helpful without being too intrusive (a birthday card for hubby and additional magazines aimed at us were a very nice touch) and our rooms was plenty big enough and very clean. I often stay in London on business and was surprised to read someone thought the road noise was to loud? This hotel is in a residential area and has double glazing and we certainly didn't hear any traffic noise and we were on the front of the hotel.This hotel is a little more than we usually pay when in London but we are definately planning to stay when we go back for our Christmas shopping weekend. We had two nights in a deluxe room plus breakfast, 1 afternoon tea and a complimentary bottle of champagne as part of their special 'weekender' package for £390 for two nights well worth booking.PS: On the basis of this stay my daughter is also going to try a 'red carnation' hotel in a few weeks so let's hope they are all of a similarly high standard.Many thanks to the Chesterfield for helping to make our weekend so special!	
May 20 2008 	A Luxury Long Weekend	Just returned from a wonderful long weekend of luxury at the Chesterfield Mayfair. The staff did everything they could to make our stay special, from doing our whole stay at the weekend rate, to finding an Ipod docking station so we could have music in the room.Our package came with a wonderful breakfast &amp; afternoon tea - a fabulous selection &amp; a meal in itself - both a bit expensive if paid for seperately! And watch out for the bar - £12 for a glass of Chardonay is a bit steep when there are great local pubs nearby.The hotel location is the best, just minutes from Green Park &amp; Piccadilly one way or Bond Street &amp; Oxford Street the other. Trully central London.The only minor issue was a little road noise during the night, but you are in the centre of town! Will definitely try to stay hear again.	
May 19 2008 	OK but restaurant had major problems	I am surprised at how highly this hotel is ranked by other Tripadvisor members. My wife and I stayed for one weekend night in April. The room was fine, although on the small side as most London hotel rooms are. The bed was OK, but no more than that. The mattress was not of the highest quality - certainly not up to Marriott (where I usually stay when in London on business) standards and not a patch on the ones we have at home, including the infrequently used guest room!Generally the staff were friendly and attentive, although not overly so. At one point in the bar during the evening they all seemed to go AWOL at the same time, and we had to wait quite a while to get the bill. What really let it down was the experience in the restuarant. The table wasn't ready for us when we arrived, even though we had reservations and the place was less than half full. It took almost an hour for the main course (fish) to arrive and when it did it was cold. We had to send it back and wait another 15-20 minutes for them to try again. It was a little better second time around, but still not right and by the time it had arrived we had finished the wine and didn't feel like ordering more. It seemed they had real problems in the kitchen that night. This was probably because it was the weekend and - the hotel mainly being aimed at mid-week business users - many of the key kitchen staff would be taking their nights off. In my experience this is an issue with other business hotels. There is, however, no excuse for poor service, especially given the restaurant prices. One other moan about the restaurant - there was no atmosphere at all. A little music would have helped. To his credit , the restaurant manager responsed to our complaints in a very professional and courteous manner, but he obviously didn't have the staff to resolve the problems. I didn't envy him his job that night. The next morning there was a long line for seats at breakfast, so we didn't bother waiting, but checked out and breakfasted elsewhere. All in all I would not be in a great hurry to stay at this hotel again.	
May 15 2008 	Perfectly Charming!	I absolutely loved my stay at the Chesterfield. We arrived earlier than the normal check-in time and they accomodated us. The room was beautifully appointed and the location of the hotel cannot be beat for London sightseeing. Lots of amenities and very conenient to the Tube. I'll definitely be staying here again.	
May 14 2008 	Lovely Hotel.	I took my wife to London for her birthday and we stayed here.The hotel is lovely and the best one I have stayed in so far.The staff are very pleasant and helpfull.The Chef cooked us a fantastic meal.The asparagus was delicious and my wife loved the chicken pie.The room was very cosy and the bed very comfortable.Its my birthday soon and I am hoping for a return trip.	
May 12 2008	What a Great London Hotel	I stayed at the Chesterfield for three nights on a business trip and it was great. The meeting I was attending was at a larger hotel but I wanted something smaller and in a quieter area. I had a single room which was very small but very nice. All amenities, marble bath etc. I arrived from New York at 10:00 AM and they had a room ready for me (I had emailed with this request) The room was on the second floor on the street but was very quiet. This Mayfair neighborhood is terrific. You can pop outside for a short walk to several very nice parks. And you are just several minutes from the tube. I had breakfast in the dining room two mornings and on the third day it was brought to my room since I was leaving early. Had a sandwich and a beer at the bar one night and that was very good. They have a computer with an internet connection which is great when you're traveling. Everyone was very nice. I hope to come back with my wife someday! Highly recommended!	
May 2 2008	Extraordinary Hotel	My daughter, grandson and I just returned from a splendid holiday in London. We were privileged to stay in 2 adjoining rooms at the Chesterfield Mayfair Hotel.The rooms, although small, were beautifully appointed with wonderful amenities. The fresh bottles of water in the morning and again at turndown were truly welcomed.The dining room is better than lovely with a full English breakfast served every morning. Before dinner drinks at the bar and dinner at Butlers were a real treat. All of the above comments are a mere nothing compared to the splendid staff. Ben Yeager, the front office manager and Sam Goss, the food and beverage manager are responsible for having the most professional team I have seen in years.If it were not for the strong pound against our weak dollar, I would return next month to this most amazing hotel.	
May 2 2008 	Great choice. Great atmosphere. Great people	I stayed at the hotel from the 24th to the 28th of April 2008. I booked it after I read the excellent reviews here. My flight was late so I arrived very late at the hotel but I found everything to be ready and waiting for me. Truth be told there was a mistake with my room but I must say that they fixed it ASAP and with no problems. So please take that into consideration. Mistakes are human and the important thing for me and what I am choosing to remember is how swiftly they were dealt with and the manner in which that was made. What I am trying to say is speak up and your issues will be addressed. And solved. In my case every little or big detail I asked for was dealt with exceptionally by the people there and always with a smile. Non of them seemed to be bored or seemed to do things mechanically. The staff is extremely helpful throughout the hotel but not oppressive. They give you room to breath sort of speak. On another note I loved that people throughout the hotel greet you when you pass by them at any time of the day. Gives the place a very friendly atmosphere.  Being disabled I was a little apprehensive about staying there because allot of the reviews on Tripadvisor state that it is not suitable for people with disabilities. Because of my condition I need things the average traveller does not.   Let me tell you that I did not find a problem whilst I was staying there. The hotel is accessible with lifts and rooms with ramps if requested. There is no ramp in the entrance of the hotel but rest assured if you need help they will help you. The rooms are a little cluttered but if you wish to have more manoeuvrability you can ask for things to be taken out of the room and it will be done swiftly. That is what I did. Some things I had moved around and others I had taken out of my room and replaced with others. (in my case chairs with good back support were needed and not the average chairs in the room). Breakfast was lovely. I was given special seating and I used the pillows provided. They even went out of their way to bring me fresh cinnamon and honey with my pancakes and waffles. (Something I am sure is considered very strange in the UK but is very common practice in my country). The bar is very nice and they play nice piano music there in the evenings. It also offers snacks and light meals that are more affordable than the ones in the restaurant. The first night I was taken to room 415 and it was a very nice room but a bath rather than a shower. After that I was moved to room 219. It did a shower as I had requested. Rooms were also of a good size considering we are in London. The rooms seemed to be soundproof. I was not bothered by any noise from the rooms next to mine. Being on the second floor I did not seem to have any problem with noise as I have read on some other reviews here. I found the library a nice and relaxing spot to sit in. Takes you away from most of the noisiest parts of the hotel. There is also wifi access throughout the hotel which is brilliant and it did come in handy especially on the day I was checking out and was waiting for my shuttle to come. There is easy access to green park tube station. It is just a few minutes away and easy to get to. Next to Green park tube station there was a M&amp;S in case I needed anything and it is not out of my way even one step as it is right next to the station. So I just stopped there before heading back to the hotel. I thoroughly enjoyed my visit to this hotel and am planning to stay there again. I recommend this hotel to everyone. The one thing that really needs much work at the hotel is their coffee. Neither the breakfast coffee or cappuccino that I tried were drinkable. I ended up having an extra coffee from one of the coffee shops near the hotel and/or Starbucks throughout London.It is no fluke that this hotel is so high up on London hotels list on this site. I can't wait to go back there! Had a wonderful time.	
Apr 29 2008 	Nice Hotel	This is a lovely hotel. We found the staff to be courteous and very helpful. We had breakfast included in our package and it is extremely good. We had dinner at the hotel one night but did not think that the restaurant met our expectations nor those of some of the London restaurant review sites. We certainly would not have dinner at the hotel again as the food was only average.We also had afternoon tea on one afternoon with friends and found that experience to be very good.The room was not large but was very comfortable and provided all of the amenities expected of a hotel of this class.We have stayed in London on four occasions over recent years and found the location of this hotel to be very convenient to public transport and many of the places that would be visited as a tourist.	
Apr 26 2008 	A very decent place to spend time	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Chesterfield Mayfair for four days. The hotel clearly takes its reputation and its standard seriously and tries to give the guest the impression that he is in a high-class location.Right at the beginning, an attendant showed us the room meticulously, including instrutions for the TV remote, the coffee maker and the two telephones. Although a bit overstated, it is very typical for the Chesterfield.Rooms are in an excellent condition, shiny, clean (if you wanna be really picky: one day, a part of the curtain was not in order) and very inviting. The staff is very friendly, room, laundry and food service are very enjoyable.The food (a buffet that was included in our rate) has everything you need, but fails to surprise you with any really interesting creations. Worse, however, is the quality of the coffee, which made us speed to the next Starbucks soon after we had left breakfast.That being said, however, there are no more major flaws in the hotel. All of our questions regarding cultural events, cab services to further places (which appearantly is a problem in London) were met with haste and competence.If you are into sports, the hotel might not be the best idea, though: Yes, they give you a brochure with possible running routes nearby, but the building itself lacks both a spa and a fitness centre (you can go to a nearby facility for free).The Chesterfield does a good, sometimes even excellent service to its customers. It's probably not the best hotel of London, but well worth the money for people who want to stay in a nice area (good Indian restaurant nearby).	
Apr 25 2008 	Loved the Chesterfield	We stayed at The Chesterfield from April 12 - 19th. It was cold and rainy but we still had a great time. Two rooms with my two teenagers and it could not have been better. Clean, clean, clean..The best location, near Green Park and Hyde Park and very quiet - but around the corner from the hustle which my kids liked. I walked in the quiet of Green Park and Hyde Park each morning before everyone got up. Extremely safe area and within walking distance to all the sites in London, plus Regent Street for fun shopping.. Two local Pubs, The Red Lion and The Only Running Footman are next door and serve up fabulous London Pub Fare. Many, many other fine restaurants nearby - the hotel staff was amazing!You won't miss if you book at this hotel. The best I have stayed at in any country	
Apr 23 2008 	Still a great Hotel	Second stay in a year.This is a very quiet Hotel, must have good sound proofing.Facilities are a little limited and it is quite small but they make the most of what they do have.Good value and wonderful location.	
Apr 21 2008 	What a wonderful experience !!!	I could be described by my children as being rather difficult to please and I am sure when they booked the Chesterfield Hotel for my 70th birthday, they must have been a bit anxious, to say the least. Well, they need not have worried, myself and my wife had the most wonderful stay there . The staff were so kind, helpful and friendly. We were very impressed and loved everything about the hotel. The room was beautifully ( and recently ) decorated and spotlessly clean! We enjoyed the most delicious and generous breakfast every morning, a must before setting off to view the sights of London! We relaxed in the Hotel'sTerrace Bar in the evenings, where we sat istening to the piano while enjoying the delicious (and reasonbly priced) bar food. The previous month,my daughter, her husband and their six year old also stayed here and had a great time too, so it appeals to all ages!! I would heartily recomend this fantastic hotel to anyone , young or not so young , if like myself , they have very high standards and insist on the very best !!	
Apr 12 2008 	An average stay ......	We booked the hotel through one of the links on tripadvisor and got a very good rate for a &quot;superior double&quot;. Having stayed at some fantastic hotels throughout the UK in the days leading up to our time in London we were dissappointed. While we cannot complain about anything in particular we found the room to be small (we were also on low down in the hotel and near the lift lobby which made it quite noisy).	
Apr 9 2008	Great weekend at the Chesterfield	We have just returned from a weekend in London staying at the Chesterfield Mayfair. The hotel was lovely, the staff exceptional &amp; our overall impression very good. The location could not be better for the things we wanted to do - Knightsbridge/Regent St/Oxford St/British Museum.The only very very slight things that we found were all down to the fact that we had our 1 year old son with us - the rooms are tiny (central london I know) and we our room overlooked the front of the property which was very very noisy on Friday night, as there is a pub just down the road.Had we been on our own, none of the above would have been an issue.We will most certainly return &amp; if our baby is with us request a bigger room overlooking the back of the property.A brilliant weekend - only real downside? Terminal 5 at Heathrow, but that's another story!	
Apr 5 2008 	Great Easter Holiday- John 	Our first trip to London and couldn'at have picked a better place to stay than the Chesterfield Mayfair. The hotel has great character- from the library to the restaurant, bar, lobby and conservatory. Our superior king room wasn't large, but it was quite charming. We enjoyed the robes, slippers, afternoon snacks-great ammenities.The staff, however, is what really makes this hotel. They were all polite, helpful, and quick to responsd to our requests. Our favorite person was Loris in the Butler restaurant. We have included his photo. Charming and a good conversationist. We recommend this hotel to all who are traveling to London-We plan to stay there soon.	
Mar 29 2008	Exceptional stay at The Chesterfield Mayfair!	Although it's been awhile since our visit to The Chesterfield Mayfair, I still remember what a wonderful experience it was! We were there in June 2007-My first visit to London, I really wanted an classic English experience and this was definately the place! My husband was working in London during our 4 day stay, so I was also nervous about safety and I can say I felt very comfortable being out and about during the day on my own. The 5 minute walk to Green Park Tube Station was the perfect chance to take in all the local sights. I made it to all the attractions using The Tube. I might add, as a first time visitor to London, one of my favorite things I did on my own was purchase a $25 ticket for the day to ride one of those double decker buses. I chose the narrated routes- 3 different routes for one price- (funny dialouge by the narrators) and had such a great view from the top deck, that i did not want to get off the bus! Great idea for families or rainy day way to see the city effortlessly, esp to get your barings and become familiar with the layout of the city! CLose to the hotel was The Shepard's Market, a quaint area to grab a bite to eat and Picadilly Circus, Buckingham Palace, The bURLINGTON Arcade, most museums (the V &amp; A) and Trafalgar Square all within walking distance. I even walked to Harrod's (about a 15-20 min jaunt) because it was a lovely sunny day. Upon arrival from the airport (after 3pm) our room was ready and waiting. We were on the 5th floor and looked out the front of the hotel. Not an exceptional view because of the window casing and window size, you could crane your neck to look up and down the street if you wished. The room was very quiet and most comfortable- non smoking and never smelled any smoke at all. The king bed &amp; bed linens were exceptional, but seemed low to the floor for our american standards. Yes, the room was also small by american standards, but i was fully expecting this since we were in Europe, after all! We never felt cramped, and the size of the room added to the charm and English ambiance. The bathroom was perfect in every way and sparkling clean. The front desk staff and concierge were EXCEPTIONAL! We decided to have some friends join us for our reservation for High Tea at THe Ritz Carlton and the concierge was able to change our reservation for us, not once but twice. Very patient and most professional staff that i have encountered anywhere in the world! When we inquired about last minute theater tickets, they gave us honest and detailed advice about checking at the TKTS booth near Leicester Square, this was perfect for us and saved us lots of $$ on last minute theater tickets. We did not dine in the restaurant, but now reading all the wonderful reviews, i wish we would have! We made a late night stop at the hotel bar and enjoyed the piano player and complimentary snacks. Wonderful bartender and staff there. I have recently recommended this hotel to several friends, and honestly you cannot beat the location and ambiance of this hotel. I would not want to stay anywhere else in London! Promise we'll be back one day!	
Mar 26 2008 	great service	Very nice hotel, good price quality, good service.Central position in Mayfair between Piccadilly, New Bond Street and Oxford street.	
Mar 6 2008	Business and Pleasure	I stayed at the Chesterfield Mayfair in late January, 2008, while on my return to North America from meetings in Europe. Although I had no meetings in London, I still needed to send e-mail and faxes for issue follow-up. The complimentary wireless internet connection provided in the room was more than adequate for the e-mail and internet research I needed to perform. The front desk received and sent faxes for me promptly and confidentially. Even in my single room, the workspace and supplies were excellent. When I returned to my room after a day of museum going and generally tramping about London, it was a great pleasure to see my bed turned down, the TV guide turned to the evening's listings, and the room service menu already opened. The first night I arrived, ragged from too much work and not enough play, I ate dinner at the hotel restaurant. If it is possible to feel wrapped in tender care by complete strangers in a public place, Butler's restaurant is the place to provide it. This is not always the case for business women travelling alone, and it began my stay at the Chesterfield on the best possible note. From service to amenities to cleanliness to location, the Chesterfield met and exceeded my expectations. The attention to detail and overall guest care went beyond anything for which I have paid a similar price in New York City.	
Mar 4 2008 	An oasis in our capital	This last 2 night stay was our 4th visit to the Chesterfield. From the first moment we stepped over their threshold, staff made us feel so welcome. All the rooms that we have stayed in, the latest being 522, have been great.The location is perfect, quiet but just a 5 minute walk from Piccadilly and the same to Hyde Park and Oxford Street.Service is impeccable, breakfast really sets you up for the day and Dinner in the restaurant is very good.Ahhhh the thought of a sandwich and glass of champagne in the Bar, after arrival is so convivial.Home form Home in London for us.Carol &amp; Ernie.	
Feb 6 2008 	A Fantastic Place!	General Manager Oliver Raggett and his staff know how to do it right. They handled everything for us -- from setting us up with tours to acquiring football (soccer) tickets to giving us directions to navigating the Tube -- painlessly and efficiently. The rooms were clean and comfortable and they pampered us almost too much. They are friendly and professional, especially in the details many places overlook.The hotel itself was luxurious and perfectly located in central London, with easy access to the entire city via Tube or walking.	
Feb 4 2008	A charming place!	I choose the hotel based on the reviews on this page.I stayed a weekend (25/-27/1) together with my wife and we loved it.The rooms are tiny (even by London standards) but really nice and the staff is excellent.Regards,Fredrik	
Jan 31 2008 	Chesterfield Mayfair Happy Haven Heart of London	Chesterfield Mayfair staff, location and comfort made our stay in London one to remember. My daughter (10 years) and I travelled without hubby who usually does booking, destination finding, carrying to much baggage and hunting and gathering (translated means: finding best restuarants). So to have staff at the Chesterfield happy to provide all these and a comfort level that saw us happily fall into bed each night after a huge day of soking up the sights was a blessing.The staff were mostly not phased by my bute aussie accent and bemused by my odd sense of humour ( I sometimes find the 'lack of english reaction' quite quirky). The Chestefield restaurant 'Butlers' has left me with a remembered love of tea and toast resonant of 'The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe' famous 'Lucy's tea with Mr Tumnus' scene.	
Jan 31 2008 	Great Experience	My husband and I stayed at the Chesterfield from the 18-20th Jan on a 'Mayfair Weekend' package booked directly through the hotel website. From we arrived at the hotel the service from the staff was efficient, friendly and helpful. Our room wasn't that big but had everything we needed for our weekend break as well as being spotlessly clean.The breakfast each morning, which was included in our package, was a dream, with a great selection from the buffet as well as a lovely cooked selection. The service was excellent which made it a very enjoyable and relaxing start to the day. We also availed of the Afternoon tea, which again was included, and I can only describe it as delicious, with wonderful pastries, cakes, sandwiches and scones which was served beautifully.The hotel staff really make this place and for the first time in a long while I felt totally at ease during my stay and really couldn't find anything to grumble about. The hotel is in a good location, about 10-15mins walk to the tube station but you can easily walk to lots of the sites directly through some nice areas.Would definitely recommend this hotel and will be back to stay again!	
Jan 30 2008	Disappointing	Having read all the amazing reviews in the site and after a very good experience with the authenticity of reviews on Trip-Advisor I was very disappointed with this hotel.This is a nice expensive hotel with pleasant staff, especially the concierge but this is by no means the fifth best hotel in the world or the first\second in London. This is ridicules. I myself have been to several better hotels in London at similar prices.Rooms – We booked 2 upgraded Superior King Rooms. The rooms were extremely small, pleasant but so small it was annoying. The rooms were facing an inside court that was looking straight at other rooms. Connecting Rooms – At booking we asked for connecting rooms. We were told that they can not guarantee but let us understand that they will make an effort. Upon arrival we were told that no connecting rooms were available and that the hotel was fully booked. I asked three times the reception if they can move us to connecting rooms later on our stay and got the same answer. Only on our third day, one of the receptionists told me that they don’t have any connecting Superior King Rooms, at all in the hotel. Funny they did not mention it on the phone when I made the reservation.Service – The concierge staff were very kind and helpful, extremely helpful, the best experience we had in the hotel.The reception staff as mentioned earlier were not helpful and were quite impatience to our simple request (we later understood why).Location – The location is not as good as stated in the reviews. It is a nice area but a little to far to walk to places. Maybe that was because it was so clod.Restaurant – we did not eat breakfast at the hotel (22 pounds per person) but ate one evening in the restaurant. The food was very mediocre, the staff pleasant and we had a visit of a mouse which did not seem to bother the head waiter at all. All in all, a nice expensive hotel but not nearly as good as described in the reviews. I was disappointed. I guess it is all a matter of expectations.	
Jan 26 2008 	Good location disappointing service	Having read all the rave reviews on Trip Advisor about the Chesterfield, we went expecting to be impressed. However things did not go well from check in onwards.Having requested rooms together we were advised that we had been placed 5 floors apart. When they managed to correct this – after waiting a good half an hour – we were sent to the only smoking floor in the hotel – without being told. Coming from New Zealand where everything is smoke free – we were appalled. When we complained we were treated as if we were being difficult and it took a further half and hour before they managed to accommodate us – again we were 5 floors apart.Our booking, direct with the hotel, was supposed to include a free upgrade subject to availability, but there was no mention of this at all, and the complimentary bottle of wine was undrinkable. The rooms were absolutely tiny – the single room could barely accommodate a suitcase and there was no view to speak of. For the price it did not seem like good value for money. On the plus side the concierge was very helpful, the breakfasts were adequate and bar had a very English feel. The location was within walking distance of major London attractions, like Buckingham Palace, Piccadilly Circus and the National Gallery. Overall we would not recommend this hotel based on the service and the size of the rooms.	
Jan 21 2008 	Absolutely no complaints	My wife and I stayed here on a two night Superbreak stay in January and were impressed from the outset.Upon arrival we asked if we had been allocated a quiet twin room. Without further ado we were instantly upgraded, at no extra cost, to a spacious State room on the 7th floor at the rear of the hotel. This was as quiet as any hotel room in London can be apart from a constant hum from what I took to be the air conditioning sysem in the loft above us. Oddly enough this did not in any way keep us awake at night and probably actually drowned out any peripheral noises that might have been around. Needless to say we slept well!Breakfast was a smooth operation, despite being warned that we might need to queue for a table. In our case this comprised a very short wait whilst sitting comfortably and reading the ( complimentary ) newspaper. The cooked breakfasts ( buffet style ) were excellent and there were plenty of healthier options for those less greedy than us.Check in and check out were painless and without hassle. Our room was pleasantly furnished with extremely comfortable beds, our only quibble being a slight tattiness here and there.The location is excellent and Piccadilly Circus is easily walkable for all but the most slothful.Last, but not least, there is a Tesco Express opposite the hotel, for all those midnight feast items. What more could one ask?We hope to stay here again the next time we are in the 'Big City'.	
Jan 20 2008 	Best Hotel I've ever been in	We stayed at the Chesterfield Dec. 07 and loved it. We read all of the tripadvisor reviews and disagree with some of them. There is no smoky bar - all public areas are smoke free. If you are going to stay at the Chesterfield then save extra money and eat there. The food preperation is unbelievable and the service excellent. A large part of the experience of the Chesterfield is the wonderful pampering by the staff. You have to be around to be pampered. They make you feel very special and important but in no way pandered to, nor are they insincere - real hospitality people doing a great job. We had a regular small room, beautifully decorated, coffee, hot chocolate and plenty of cookies free. Absolutely silent, no sounds of anykind from anywhere. Cosy, comfortable, pleasant to be in. The hotel is located at Pearl and Charles streets. One block down Pearl and you'll be in Shepards Market where there are plenty of bars, takeouts and markets. Eat there if you want to be jammed in, smoked up and served low average to poor food - you'll save some money but you'll miss half the fun of the Chesterfrield. Many people have their dinner in the bar of the Chesterfield to save on that meal. A 20oz mug of Stella beer, a big puffy sandwich, french fires, tons of cashews, etc. Don't take the tube from the airport unless you want fight the crowds, heft your bags up long stairs to get out of the underground and then walk a mile to the hotel (it's not as easy as some people let on). Take the dot to dot shareride. Seventy bucks airport to hotel door and when they pick you up, if you pay for a discounted round trip - it's your hotel straight to the airline of your choice. I really debated with myself whether to make this review public - more people will want to come and it's going to make reservations more difficult . There is a very good reason why the Chesterfield has so many good reviews. ITS NOT A HOTEL, IT'S A LIFETIME MEMORY!! Orange County California DHunt	
Jan 17 2008 	Loved Everything	This is Simply the best hotel in London. For couples, business men/women or a lady travelling alone. The staff are fantastic. The food is fantastic and Loris the resturant manager is the most pleasant and knowledgable in the business. My husband and I were on business with a tourist weekend added in.From we entered the hotel and met Peter who showed us round the hotel to the maids it was like living at a home from home where comfort is the name of the game. The dinner was fantastic, the afternoon tea a dream (try the pink champagne). In the evening there is a fantastic piano player in the bar and the barstaff with their white jackets just look and are the business. Try a top of the range French Martini.The rooms are clean and have everything, the night turn down service is bettter than The Balmoral in Edinburgh ( my favourite Hotel).I was sorry to leave, hey I am just away to book again.	
Jan 10 2008 	Excellent small hotel in London	Wanted a really British experience. This is a very elegant small hotel on a quiet side street. Very comfortable...very British in style. Nice neighborhood, great location.... A little pricey but exactly what I hoped for.	
Jan 9 2008 	3rd visit - Wouldn't stay anywhere else	My husband and I stayed at the Chesterfield Mayfair from just after Christmas through the New Year. This was our third stay in 13 months (significant for someone from Atlanta, Georgia). We have always found the Chesterfield Mayfair to be a wonderful place to stay. Rooms are comfortable. Location is excellent. But the most important thing - as others have mentioned - is the first rate service. We stayed at the Dorchester twice before finding the Chesterfield. And although the room at the Dorchester was incredible - the staff at the Chesterfield Mayfair far surpasses them. We especially enjoyed the breafast, with Sam and Loris ensuring our every need was met. We plan to retun in the spring.	
Jan 8 2008 	Does exactly what it says on the tin....	Excellent hotel, excellent service. Nothing more to add!	
Jan 5 2008	Great Choice Great Location	Stayed at the Chesterfield Mayfair from 12/23 to 12/26 and had a great time. As written, the room was small but nice and we had no problems with any of the accomodations. The bed was great and the staff very friendly. The concierge desk could have been a bit more helpful with suggestions on where to eat on Christmas night (I was giving them numbers to call that I got off the &quot;Time Out&quot; website) but not really much of a complaint. Breakfast in the dining room on Christmas morning was wonderful and the staff was not at all bothered at having to work. There was a stocking filled with Candy hanging on our door when we came out that morning. The bellmen always greeted us by name and were more than helpful...The location is superb. A short walk to the Green Park tube entrance and a short walk to Trafalgar. We walked to a Christmas Eve church service at the Grosvner Chapel, and to Gordon Ramsey's &quot;Maze&quot; restaurant. The Mayfair area of London is very charming. Covent Garden and now Mayfair are my 2 favorite places to stay in London..	
Jan 3 2008 	First Class Service the Difference	We stayed at The Chesterfield after reading the reviews on here, and managing the get a bit of a deal on a last minute room. The rooms themselves (we paid for a standard double) were a little dated in decor, but very comfortable indeed, with everything we could have expected. The service at the hotel was first class however, with friendly smiles and helpful staff from start to end. Even though we probably had one of the cheapest rooms in the place, we were made to feel like the most important guests in the building at all times.The location was also very good; right in the heart of Mayfair and near the tube. I thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone, and would gladly stay there again.	
Dec 20 2007 	Exquisite	Booked this hotel for my Husbands 40th birthday after reading all the reviews. I am delighted to say that we were not disappointed. I had contacted the hotel before going to arrange some balloons in our room and to have champagne in the bar. Everything that I asked for was done. The service was impeccable and the hotel was just wonderful.It is really only a 5 minute walk from Green park tube and within walking distance of Buckingham Palace, Picadilly circus, Leicester square and more.I cannot thank the team at the hotel enough. Nothing was too much trouble and the staff do really make you feel welcome. So a huge thanks to everyone who made it a memorable weekend. PS The breakfast was delicious!!!!	
Dec 17 2007 	Lovely hotel	My husband and I stayed in the Chesterfield Mayfair hotel during a week-end just before Christmas, enjoying their so-called &quot;week-end package&quot;. The location was perfect, the staff very helpful.....beyond expectations. Definitely I would reccomend it and I hope to be back again.	
Dec 17 2007 	Loved it!	My husband and I have just enjoyed a weekend in London staying at the Chesterfield Mayfair. The staff were attentive, polite and extremely helpful. It is a typically olde worlde hotel situated in a quiet street. We found the location to be ideal for shopping, theatres, galleries and just about everywhere else too! Our only one disappointment was the lack of a mini-bar in our bedroom, although they do supply complimentary tea/coffee and water.	
Dec 14 2007 	Chesterfield delivers again!	My hubby and I stayed here for 2 nights on 1st and 2nd December. I booked this hotel for a short break for our wedding Anniversary through the Hotels own website. I chose a 'Mayfair Weekend' package which I have booked before as it is such great value: breakfast daily, complimentary bottle champagne on arrival and full afternoon tea for 2 on one day, all for £215 per night plus VAT. I filled out the guest preference form which you can download from the website after you get your booking through and ticked a few items that we would like in the room: feather pillows, telegraph newspaper etc etc and in the special date/occasion just mentioned it was our wedding anniversary think nothing of it.When we arrived at the hotel after a horrible flight into Heathrow, we couldn't have been made more welcome. They told us we had been upgraded us to a junior suite and wished us a happy Anniversary! There were canapés in the room and a card from the Manager again wishing us a happy anniversary, it was fabulous.The room was lovely and newly re-decorated, lovely bathroom and flat screen TV in bedroom. Breakfast was fab as usual and the afternoon tea was lovely, very filling, the scones were delicious.I certainly did not expect any special treatment just because it was our anniversary, but it did really make our weekend, and we needed it after a month or so of stress at work! I know from previous stays that the service is great all the time, the staff go out of their way to be pleasant and helpful and it really does seem genuine. This is my 3rd stay at this hotel and I will not hesitate to stay there again. Other hotels, especially some 5 star ones I've stayed in should take note, this is a 4 star hotel with platinum service.	
Dec 11 2007 	Great Service - Great Restaurant	The Chesterfield does deserve its plaudits - I guess when staying at a big city hotel we all maybe lower our expectations a little as we are something of a captive audience. In fairness to the Chesterfield they don't take the guest for granted and this shows from the welcome all the way to the check out. The reception and bell boy staff are friendly and efficient and endearingly determined to make sure you have all the information you need for a comfortable stay. I've never had such a comprehensive introduction to my room and how all the utilities function!Our rooms were very nice, a decent size for London, nicely decorated. That isn't to say they are overly fancy; the bedding is a little old fashioned but crisp and clean and there's no flat screen TV but overall its very comfortable and adequate.For me the highlight is the restaurant - not just a place for guests to eat breakfast but actually a destination dining room in its own right. This is exactly why you would choose this sort of hotel over the corporates - superb decor, service and a traditional English menu done very well.Location is teriffic - right in the heart of things with lovely twisty London streets all around dotted with all manner of unusual quirky shops.I've stayed in many hotels across London and this is the first time I've left not feeling dissapointed.	
Dec 7 2007 	Great Location Comfortable Stay Professional Staff	A friend and I just returned from our stay in London - we spent 7 nights at the Chesterfield Mayfair, and we couldn't have been happier. The hotel is tucked into the charming neighborhood streets of Mayfair, within easy walking distance to many fine pubs and restaurants - we were a quick cab ride to Harrods, Oxford St. and the London Eye - for those interested in taking the tube, it's a quick 5 minute walk to the closest stop - go for it.The staff was amazingly helpful, and just as charming as the location, we felt completely at home - and often enjoyed drinks in the hotel bar after dinner.Probably more in sync with couples traveling w/out kids, perfect for the business traveler.	
Dec 6 2007	deserves its high ranking!	Perfect location. Quite small but cozy and well appointed rooms. Excellent service. Deliciouse breakfast and tea. Just the nice and peaceful retreat you are longing for after a busy day in London. 5 minutes walk from &quot;everything&quot; and still so quiet, both day and night. The staff really seemed to do everything to keep us happy and satified, not because they had to, but because they wanted to. We will definitly stay there again, and have already recommended the hotel to our friends.	
Dec 5 2007 	Great location great service charming hotel	We stayed at the Chesterfield Mayfair for 3 nights mid September. The location is great, walking distance from the Piccadilly Circus and the Buckingham Palace. The staff was very warm and friendly at all times, even to my little toddler. The food is overpriced, but that is London for you!!The rooms are a good size considering Europe's standards and the bathrooms are very well appointed. We had a great view of the courtyard from our room.Overall, we had a great stay and would absolutely stay here again.	
Dec 1 2007	Good central location - charming hotel	Stayed three nights at Chesterfield based on TA recommendations. Overall impressions were that the hotel is extremely charming and decor is consistent with the old world theme. The breakfast was wonderful and was a real full breakfast. We did not stay for dinner but had afternoon tea one day which was only ok for the price we paid. Rooms were a bit small for what we expected but you sort of have to temper expectations being in Central London and especially Mayfair. The area surrounding the hotel is phenomenal - extremely quiet and very upscale. The area makes the stay at Chesterfield seem to be very exclusive. Tony at the concierge even scored us a reservation at Gordon Ramsay's at Claridges - I had tried to call a week earlier but got turned away. Overall, I would stay at Chesterfield again but perhaps splurge a bit more in a larger room.	
Nov 25 2007 	Not Quite What We Had Expected	For our wedding anniversary my husband and I had decided on a two night stay in London. Having read the excellent reviews we were looking forward to staying at The Chesterfield. I had booked by phone in September and specifically requested the Music Room and asked to be e-mailed confirmation. Two weeks later I had to ring again and request confirmation, which then duly came. We arrived just before check-in, which is 2pm to be told that our room was not available because the previous guests were still in there, and due to a special package may not check out until 6pm. When my husband asked why we had not been told about this the reply was &quot;it was a late booking&quot;! At this point I did wonder if I had arrived at the wrong hotel - not one charging £399.00. + vat. per night. Seeing that we were not happy another member of staff came over and offered us an upgrade to another suite. We ended up in The Duchess Suite, which although perfectly comfortable was decorated in the style of a Victorian gentlemen's club - lots of old prints, very brown and dark. Not quite what we had in mind for our anniversary! Breakfast the following morning was again not what I would have hoped for at a charge of £24.00. Although the room was virtually empty - only two other couples when we arrived, every one there seemed to be having problems with getting what they had ordered. The next day we decided to breakfast out and I can recommend Europa - 37 Albemarle Street for a tasty cooked breakfast at £6.00. Hoping that the evening food would be better we ordered room service, again there were problems with the order and when my steak arrived it was completely overcooked. I would have sent it back but we were due at a concert, so didn't have time. Finally, when we got home I realised we'd been overcharged on our use of the mini bar. Now for the good bits! The location is excellent, and quiet at night. The majority of the staff are extremely helpful and courteous. We were asked if we were happy in our room and I'm sure had we wanted to raise other issues these too would have been dealt with, but we wanted to get on with enjoying our time in London together. Which we did immensely.	
Nov 21 2007 	excellent choice great personal service!!!	Stayed at this hotel recently and arrived early (before 2pm) left our bags with the hotel, the hotel staff were very helpful and helped us with bags doors etc, went shopping and came back our room wasnt ready still alothough they were very apologetic about this and we waited in the hotels lovely bar area warm and very inviting after a mad crazy day spent shopping.We got our room key for our junior suite eventually and our bags were all laid out for us in the room, the room had a baby cot as we requested and the room was not as large as i wouldve expected after paying extra to have the junior suite although it was themed and the furnishings were very lavish and the bathroom was large with a jacuzzi bath. (which after a day shopping in london was a delight!)We really enjoyed the service at their bar and in the morning for breakfast the staff just couldnt do enough for you i would say the hotel should probably be rated 5 star as it was immmaculate and service was second to none.overall apart from small rooms, the hotel is really nice with a good location just of berkley sq and 5 mins walk to oxford st, it is charming and the staff cant do enough for you, and i would stay here again.	
Nov 14 2007	Loved the Chesterfield Mayfair	We spent 9 days at the Chesterfield Mayfair in London. It excelled our expectations. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. They made us feel at home. The service was prompt and the restaurant served excellent food. The hotel itself has retained the old style charm of the past while it has been upgraded. Modern conveniences have been added but the cozy charm has been well maintained. It is charming boutique hotel.Furthermore, the location is a plus. It is near both the tube and bus stops. Shepherd's Market is only one block away. There we found a number of good little restaurants that were affordable, considering the drop in the dollar.	
Nov 13 2007 	Outstanding Hotel	We visit London twice a year and The Chesterfield is the only hotel we would ever consider staying. The hotel itself is beautiful - sophisticated and elegant yet small and charming like a private club. The staff is second to none and everyone makes sure your stay is the very best. The bar and restaraunt are excellent - both the food and the very gracious staff. The Chesterfield is like our home away from home.	
Nov 12 2007	Lovely treasure of a hotel.	We just finished our honeymoon with a stay at the Chesterfield Mayfair. I cannot say enough wonderful things about the room, and the staff. The are warm and attentive. The room was comfortable and beautiful. The location could not be beat. We were thrilled with the quiet, wonderfully appointed hotel. We would absolutely stay there again, and recommend them at the highest level to anyone!	
Nov 11 2007	A question of luck	This is the third time I have stayed at the Chesterfield. My first room was very noisy, as it gave onto Charles Street - just about every taxi in London must go past the hotel. At the time, I told the hotel that &quot;less would be more&quot;: The small room is so overcrowded with little pillows, vases and other unnecessary items that you can hardly move round. The second time I was lucky as I had a room at the back, but it was equally clustered. This time was the worst, though I was told I had been upgraded to a junior suite. The floorboards creaked so much in my room and in those next and above it that I did not dare go to the - tiny - bathroom during the night! Short of lying on the bed, it was very uncomfortable to watch the - not flat-screen - TV. The drawers were too small to put a shirt into them. The room is being heated through the air-conditioning - very noisy and it blows the smoke from the smoking rooms into what should be a non-smoking room. So, do beware of the rooms which have a name plate on the door!Now a more positive note: As other reviewers have pointed out, staff are very friendly and I love the restaurant, especially in the evening, though breakfast is also very good (too expensive).I shall return to the Chesterfield, but only to eat, not to stay.	
Nov 8 2007 	Brilliant Service Accommodation Location 	As with other reviewers here and elsewhere we found The Chesterfield Mayfair Hotel exceeded our expectations in every respect. As you may see from my other reviews I rarely give &quot;5&quot; ratings; simply because so few places merit a perfect score. The Chesterfield Mayfair Hotel deserves a 5+++! Honestly, we could not have been MORE impressed and pleased with the quality of the accommodation, location, service, staff &amp; facilities. Perfect on every front and we're quite demanding! For those interested more details follow below, but in short: a stay at the Chesterfield Mayfair will not disappoint and provided very good value for price in London. Check their website directly for special offers which certainly were advantageous over the web-based travel sites. Reception: We arrived at noon Friday and hoped for an early check-in. We had let them know we'd be early and while they would not guarantee availability our room was ready upon arrival; obviously this started things off on the right foot! Reception staff were of course welcoming &amp; courteous. The concierge, Darren Briggs, was an absolute GEM! He recognized our name, provided the theater tickets delivered from a friend, suggested some restaurants near the theater and gave us a brief review assuring us we'd be very entertained by the musical Wicked!The Room (#214; Superior King) As others mention the rooms are truly quite lovely, immaculately clean and designed to satisfy travelers requirements. Our room, is pictured on their website (taupe-striped silk draping &amp; mirror above the bed) and was even more lovely in reality, with an extremely comfortable King-sized bed, fine linens, and ample down pillows (although hypoallergenic foam pillows were available upon request.) We slept like babies &amp; awakened refreshed. The thermostatic control worked perfectly; allowing us to keep our room cool for sleeping &amp; warm for bathing. Plenty of storage space for our clothing and luggage without taking-up room space. We were combining work with pleasure, so the free wireless connection and spacious desk area were unexpected conveniences!The bath was slightly larger than typical Euro-baths, with marble and modern fixtures and (surprise!) all plumbing working as expected! No bidet, which is generally not a problem for we Americans! Bathrobes, slippers, &amp; toweling all very nice quality, soft &amp; brightly white.Gilchrist &amp; Soames vanity supplies (soap, lotion, shampoo, etc.) were replenished daily.Full English breakfast was included in our weekend package and we opted to dine in-room. Our breakfasts were delivered on-time and were simply delicious both mornings. Highly recommend the Eggs Benedict which was scrumptious and HOT upon arrival (truly a small miracle!) My husbands traditional eggs, bacon, potatoes &amp; toast were eaten with gusto as well, so I presume they were luscious. Our second evening we dined at Butler's Restaurant in the hotel. We were a bit concerned when is wasn't very busy on a Saturday--but our concerns were quickly dashed by the excellent service and cuisine! The Scottish &amp; Irish Smoked Salmon Duo appetizer was a meal in itself: carved table-side with a more than ample portion--luscious! I went traditional with a Potted Chicken Pie that was not only delicious but presented more beautifully than I would have imagined possible. My husband had a carved ham with mustard sauce and was quite impressed. No room for dessert but we were tempted to try the complimentary dark chocolate truffles--perfect finish to our meal. Tara the hostess &amp; sommelier recommended a lovely South African white wine that paired beautifully with our diverse main courses! I'll wrap up this long review by repeating our recommendation that anyone looking for a luxurious, well-priced, 4-star hotel in a very walkable, quiet area of London should look no further than The Chesterfield Mayfair.	
Nov 8 2007 	best hotel in london	stayed at the chesterfield for 2 nights at the beginning of november. wonderful experience, the staff cant do enough for you (highly unusual in london), the rooms are immaculate, food exceptional, especially the roast of the day and the superb breakfast. the location of the hotel tops it off, just quite simply the best hotel in london. i wont even consider staying anywhere else in the capital again.	
Oct 27 2007 	Wonderful Hotel!	The Hotel is run by the same people that run the Milestone, one of Englands top small hotels and the same professional management is evident. The staff is friendly and helpful. The room was comfortable and well decorated with that &quot;English&quot; look. I actually liked the Chesterfield better than the Milestone (we stayed there September '06) because the Chesterfield is closer to the major attractions and the theater district. You are about a 5-10 minute walk to the tube and there are a number of good restaurants close by. I would definiely stay at the Chesterfield Mayfair again!	
Oct 8 2007	wonderfull staff	Excellent old style hotel!wonderful suites! I've seen most of them and they are amazingsdt rooms a little small (for my taste but normal for such a typical building)Excellent restaurant! and breakfast though ;)definitely a great place to stay If you like english style	
Oct 8 2007 	Chesterfield Mayfair - Service like no Other	Stayed at the CM for 7 nights, the first 3 on business. As we booked about 20 people into the hotel plus used a conference room for 2 days we received an excellent rate, otherwise may not have been able to afford this hotel due to very poor exchange against CDN $.Hotel selected by exec assistant in London, but was happy to see it ranked so high by Trip (which I now swear by as the definitive hotel reference site in the world - yes you heard it hear.)The CM staff cannot absolutely do enough to make your stay the best possible. We requested a room with two beds, and although we were upgraded to a junior suite (sweet) the bed was a double that was not split. They had just upgraded the room and converted two small singles into a jr suite. In a few moments staffers were in the room fixing the bed.The room had so many amenities it's hard to list them all. Many bottles of fresh water were made available daily, each evening a complementary hors d'oeurves were provided (smoked salmon; quail eggs), and also newspapers. There was more.Like all hotels in Europe, rooms on the small side, even the jr suite. My only negative is that the rooms at the CM seem to be a bit overdecorated and a bit too much stuff crammed into them. The staff are incredible, and the concierge will do anything and everything to assist. You will do best to take their advice on local restaurents and the like. They are the best!I would caution you on booking rooms that face the next door courtyard, on Friday or Saturday nights as they often have functions there (it's a very classy club of some sort), and the music can go on to 11:30 at night. We had to request a move of rooms due to this, which the hotel was able to accomodate right away. We were lucky they were not 100% full, which they can be.The location could not have been better, and what you could not walk to (which was not much), you could easily tube it via Green Station. Breakfast is highly expensive at 18-20 GBP per person, which is about $40 CDN, and quite absurd at that price. My wife found an excellent place for breakfast two blocks away on a small side street where you could get a perfectly great eggs, back bacon, toast and coffee for about 5 GBP. Look for Le Strada, in a side street just off Berkely Square. There is a Starbucks right on the corner. I have no reservations highly recommending the Chesterfield Mayfair, it is spotlessly clean, very quite (when no parties next door are going on), and has exceptional staff. Pictures on the website and are representative, but always make the rooms seem larger than they really are (in all cases, not just here.)	
Oct 7 2007 	Good hotel with personal service	Stayed 5 nights at this hotel. It is in a residential neighborhood with a few neighborhood pubs. Within walking distance to Green Tube Station, near Berkley Sq. Our room included a full English breakfast. Nice service in the diningroom. Food so-so. The buffet is included with limited fruit, cereal, and very few pasteries. But, when you sit down, you are served 4 slices of toast w/jam on the side immediately. The room was small and crowded by American standards. There was a King bed with a fake heavy fur comfortor. We asked that it be removed for the week and they took it out immediately. There seems to be alot of furniture in such a small space. Tiny closet too. The bathroom was big, marble and very nice. The room and hotel are very clean! One night we asked for an extra pillow and returned to our room (with turn-down service) and each side had 4 large feather pillows! The linens are lovely.The people at the front desk where quick to greet you and we found all of them helpful. We asked Chris to check on some reservations we made on our own before leaving the U.S. He had no problem with our request. Seemed happy to do it. They were helpful with directions. London is just very expensive right now for Americans. We loved it and would go back if the $ ever gets stronger. All and all this is a very comfortable hotel. It is not a luxury hotel but felt very homey and safe there.	
Oct 7 2007 	This hotel is great!	This hotel lived up to the expectation.... Everything about it is great, especially the service!I strongly recommend it to everyone!	
Oct 3 2007 	Can't wait to go again	For a romantic break without the children we booked this hotel for a lovely five days of luxury, shopping and dining and it exceeded expectation. The upgrade to a suite was highly appreciated, the room was divine. The restaurant serves lovely food (I recommend the hight tea for a wonderful afternoon), at breakfast there is so much to choose from, it was a great way to start every day. The hotel is so very well situated for all the shops in knightsbridge and oxford street, that we walked nearly everywhere.But the best bit of the whole experience was the wonderful staf, especially in the bar, they always had time for you and made very nice cocktails.The next time we are in London, this is where we will be staying.	
Sep 26 2007 	Fabulous Chesterfield	Flew to London for a party and stayed at the Chesterfield. Super to find a London hotel with such personal service. Second to none, attention to detail, fabulous breakfast. Loved the dog paintings in the restaurant! Great service. Really made our trip. Cant wait to go back! So nice to not be disappointed for a change!!!!!Mr and Mrs Guy, Channel Islands	
Sep 22 2007 	Loved this hotel!	My wife and I stayed at the Chesterfield for three nights in September 2007. We can not say enough about this hotel: the staff was fantastic, the rooms were beautiful, the breakfast cannot be beat, and the location is perfect.Our weekend package was upgraded from a standard double to a superior upon our arrival. The package included one English tea, a bottle of champagne, and full breakfast each morning. Breakfast was unbelievablel there was a full menu from which to choose. My favorite was the Scottish eggs Benedict (that is a muffin, poached eggs and Scottish smoked salmon). The hotel is about a five minute walk to the Green Park tube station and about a fifteen minute walk to Piccadilly. The hotel is lavishly decorated; we felt as if we were staying in a 19th century mansion. Of course, there were all the amenities: sat. TV, heated bathroom floors and mirror (no fogged-up mirror!).After traveling in Paris and Zurich, the super friendly staff and the comfortable amenities made the end of our trip a real treat. We would not hesitate to stay at the Chesterfield upon our next visit.	
Sep 21 2007 	A great hotel	Over the years we have stayed at many 5 star hotels in London and, from our point of view, this is the best. It's not the biggest or the flashyest but the standards of service from the staff, the general atmosphere, the location and the cleanliness are second to none. We have stayed here a few times and we're looking forward to our next visit.	
Sep 9 2007 	Expectations Exceeded 1-2 September 2007	To be spoilt was our quest when we went to stay in London for a weekend of sightseeing, and we were not disappointed in anyway. In fact our expectations were exceeded, from Ben and Darih in Reservations who made the process so straight forward and were so nice, Chris our concierge, who was charming and extremely knowledgeable, sharing the old joke that you can even get an elephant from Harrods, and he would try if I really wanted one, to Armand who searched high and low for a cocktail recipe for my friend even ringing the establishment where she had last drank it. The receptionist was also lovely, unfortunately I did not get her name, but she remembered ours when we returned from our sightseeing and were so tired. So many hotels talk the talk but very few walk the walk, The Chesterfield walks to walk. Thank you to all at The Chesterfield for making our stay so special, from being able to request feather pillows and duvets to lovely club sandwiches from room service. It was like staying in a lovely country home with old friends as hosts. Will definitely stay there again.Adrienne	
Sep 3 2007 	Excellent stay at the Chesterfield	We chose this hotel, for a two night stay, based on other Trip Advisor reviews and were very pleased we did.The location is central in itself but is less than 10 mins from the Underground, with major tourist sites then only minutes away.The hotel was very welcoming and the room, was good with plenty of space for clothes and luggage although a large desk and TV cabinet meant space for easy chairs was restricted.The en-suite was nice but the design meant water was too easily distributed in the rest of the bathroom, when using the shower. The criticisms however, are very minor compared to the experience as a whole.We ate in the hotel's restaurant the first evening. This was expensive but very good and came with a complimentary glass of champagne after we had been asked on arrival, at the hotel, if we were celebrating anything and we were celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary. We ate early before going to a show and although the staff were excellent and aware of our tight schedule, they took so long to serve the food that we almost missed our show, despite the fact we were their only customers! On any other night though, the experience would have been appreciated!The room came with a complimentary english breakfast at the weekend, very expensive otherwise, although you could eat plenty and it was of good quality. A complimentary newspaper was also provided each morning, which was appreciated!Overall the the staff were very pleasant and helpful and the hotel is quiet and in a good location, a recommended stay!	
Aug 31 2007 	Not bad	Wife and I stayed here 8/20/07 - 8/25/07. Very centrally located. Closest tube station is Green Park which is less than 5 minute walk. Tube was our primary mode of transportation - would have liked it to be closer, but it's not bad. Green Park is on multiple lines so it's convenient. There's a Sainsbury market along the way which allowed us to pick up food/ supplies. Service was very friendly and appeared to be very responsive even though we didn't take much advantage of it. Initially received a room towards front of hotel but there was noise from construction in nearby buildings. Got moved to a quieter room which was towards back of hotel. Having been used to American/ Asian standards, my biggest complaint is that the room is on the small side as is the bathroom, but kept clean. Did not get a chance to try the on-site restaurant nor did we take advantage of any on-site amenities. (Not really sure what amenities there were.) Room could have used a mini-fridge. For the price, it should also include internet access.	
Aug 30 2007	Fabulous Hotel	My wife and I just returned from a 7 night stay in London. We chose the Chesterfield based on online searches and the clincher was the high rating on Tripadvisor. We were NOT disappointed!!!The hotel is located just off Berkeley Square in the Mayfair district. This is one of the best features of the hotel since if you like walking, you can get to almost all the major attractions on foot. There is also a tube station (Green Park) just a short walk away.The hotel staff are extremely eager to please. We booked a promotion which included full english breakfasts every day as well as a complimentary bottle of champagne and one classic engish tea.The breakfasts were excellent as was the service. The tea was fun too although they serve so much food you can't possibly finish!The rooms are exactly as they appear on the website as are the common areas of the hotel. Unlike other hotels, their website is not edited to look better than the real thing.Our room on the 7th floor was not huge, but was very comfortable(see the picture below). The small feature such as the turn down service and bottle waters, etc. show a level of service that matches the price of the room. The hotel is not cheap, but was well worth the price charged.I would recommend this hotel to my friends and family and would definitely return.	
Aug 24 2007	Lov-er-ly!	This is a &quot;boutique&quot; type hotel that my husband and I booked quite randomly. It was an unexpected delightful surprise. If you like everything about beautiful hotels except their assembly-line size than this place is for you. It's just the right size for more personal service and the location is unbelieveable. It's a nice walk through Green Park to Buckingham Palace and Mayfair is the Beverly Hills of London. Full English breakfast was included in our room rate and it was excellent. There are high end shops on Bond Street (a couple of blocks away) and cute small cafes all around. Bus and tube stops are a few blocks away. I cannot recommend this hotel more highly!	
Aug 19 2007 	Fantastic!! Stay here!!	We stayed here for our 1st wedding anniversary for a romantic weekend away. I had completed one of the preference forms before going and told them it was our anniversary as it asks you on the form. As soon as we checked in we were wished a &quot;Happy Anniversary&quot; and were told that we had been given a free upgrade to The Music Suite. The room was small but fantastic with a huge four poster bed and the most amazaing bathroom I've ever seen. The bath was a stand alone one that could have fitted 4 people in it! Because we were in a suite we got canapes delivered to our room early evening and chocolates left on the bed at night which was a lovely touch.The staff couldnt do enough for you and took an interest in you. Breakfast was fab. There is nothing bad I can write because the hotel was ace!!	
Aug 13 2007 	Chesterfield Mayfair - Best hotel in London	My teenage daughter and I stayed here for 5 nights in July. This is an excellent hotel in a classy, lovely residential neighborhood (Mayfair), convenient to everything. The rooms are generous and the bathrooms are beautifully appointed and spotless. The hotel staff are just fantastic - very helpful and pleasant in every respect. I was very wary of London hotels, having read many with bad reviews on hotels.com. I chose this hotel because it had uniformly good reviews on tripadvisor.com. I booked my stay on hotels.com and got an excellent price (for London!), including a &quot;full English breakfast&quot; every day (in the room or in the restaurant). Overall this was an exceptionally good value in every way. Next time I go to London, I am staying here - no need to look any further!	
Aug 12 2007 	Superb Value Fine Location	Stayed for 6 days in this small, elegant hotel on a quiet Mayfair side street. Superb, personal service; impeccable room maintenance, easy walk to dozens of restaurants, pubs, delis, tube, and central London landmarks. Rooms are compact.	
Aug 10 2007 	Unique experience	In July this year I stayed at this hotel with a friend of mine. We were looking for a good hotel and got the name of the Chesterfield from a travel agent brochure. We checked out the hotel's reputation on tripadvisor before booking. I must say the hotel has a lot to offer: next to its excellent and quiet location, the staff is extremely friendly and very service-oriented; rooms, restaurant and lobby are very well maintained and very clean. Breakfast is superb. We didn't have lunch or dinner at the hotel though.A bit on the downside was the size of the room we stayed in as well as its wallpaper: the deep blue vertical lines all over the room felt very unrelaxing to say the least. Still, this is a detail and probably related to personal taste.As the price / quality mix is quite right, and the hotel is very well located, I'd definitely advise it to other travellers, especially to Business travellers.	
Aug 10 2007 	Unbelievable Service at the Chesterfield Mayfair	My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Chesterfield Mayfair. We were there for three nights, business related but Sat. and Sun. we toured London. The Chesterfield was recommended to us by our travel person at work, a colleague, and tripadvisor.com reviews. Many of the trip advisor reviews note the high levels of service at the Chesterfield, but you cannot imagine it until you experience it. I would like to highlight the staff, we arrived at 7:30am on a Saturday, and we were treated extremely well, given our king room, Flavio helped us with our bags, Anthony the concierge was excellent, and the restaurant staff were exceptional. The breakfast crew, Fe, Carolina, and the other ladies whose names I cannot recall, were wonderful. The food was excellent. The dinner staff was similarily exceptional, Tara, the sommelier, the host (can't remember his name), Aldo the meat carver, and all of the wait staff were amazing. The food was delicious. We ate breakfast every day and dinner every night in the restaurant because of the service and the food, we did not care to try any other restaurants in London. The location was excellent for touring, many spots are within a short 5 minute walk such as Green Park/tube station, the Big Bus stop at the Ritz, Picadilly Circus, Hyde Park, Regent Street shopping, and it's only a short 10 minute walk from the hotel through Green Park to Buckingham Palace.If I could offer any constructive feedback, the shower was not so good, the shower heads are too diffusive, my wife opted for baths as she is short and could not enjoy the shower, and the water goes everywhere in the absence of a complete enclosure or shower curtain. A minor issue when compared to the exceptional level of service. We'd stay there again and recommend it to all of our friends.	
Aug 6 2007 	Great location helpful staff wonderful food...	My wife and I stayed for just one night - next time it will be longer! Rooms are tastefully decorated and furnished, the staff are extremely helpful and courteous, the food is excellent - all in all excellent value for money and a special experience! The location of the hotel could not be better for visiting London and i have no hesitation in recommending the Chesterfield Mayfair.	
Jul 31 2007	A class above	In an age where it is all too easy for Hotels to take your money and not offer much in return it was a breath of fresh air to walk into the Chesterfield and be greeted with the friendliest staff I have come across in my travels so far.Both my wife and I had a truly wonderful time where staff were at our every beck and call and no task or request was too small. I particularly enjoyed sitting in The Terrace enjoying fine whiskies whilst my wife caught up with old girlfriends.As a seasoned traveller I believe the ambiance of a Hotel can be sensed upon immediate arrival and in the case of the Chesterfield all i could sense was warmth.This is a truly outstanding Hotel where if you require a little love and tenderness, as opposed to a fake smile and a hand requesting your credit card, I fully recommend the Chesterfield.If only Sydney would take a leaf out of their book.Thank you once again.	
Jul 30 2007 	Service with a smile	The service during our stay was impeccable. Not only helpful but genuinely friendly. LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION!!!, A nice quiet street yet close to everything. Would definately stay there again.	
Jul 30 2007	Unbelievable	This hotel is by far and away the best hotel we have stayed at. We have travelled around the world to most major countries and we were blown away by the quality of Chesterfield. The service and friendly staff made the stay something we will rememeber for ever.	
Jul 30 2007	Great Hotel	From some Aussie travellers. Had a great stay - staff have tremenduous value of customer relations. Nothing was any trouble. Restaurant and food fabulous. Could be considered expensive by what we are used to in Australia but what the heck treat yourself to being pampered. Rooms not overly large by our standard but nothing out of place, rooms practical and well appointed. Room service terrific - no sooner off the phone and there was a knock at the door. Well positioned and quiet. Thank you to our NZ friend Cameron who took our bags on the first day - a very pleasant and excellently presented young man. All the staff made it a great experience. My wife and I will certainly stay here again. Thank you.	
Jul 18 2007 	Tiny rooms.	The service at the hotel was excellent but the rooms were so small that you couldn't walk around without tripping over yourself. Only one person at a time could squeeze into the bathroom. Great location. The concierge was fantastic.	
Jul 4 2007 	Much better than corporate hotels	I have stayed in the Chesterfield Mayfair a couple of times whilst onbusiness in London. Whenever I have stayed, the service has been excellent. The last time I stayed on my own, I was greeted at reception and asked if I would like a complimentary drink in the bar - how could I refuse! All the staff are extremely friendly and polite, room service is quick and food still hot when delivered. The room I had last time was quite small - but was spotlessly clean and had everything I needed. Staying at the Chesterfield is a much more pleasant experience than staying in a larger 'corporate' hotel.	
Jul 4 2007 	I'll Be Back Again!	I love this hotel. It’s above my budget, but in a year’s time I hope to be back for another short stay. I felt so pampered while I stayed there.The management and staff are bursting with pride in their facility, and it shows. The place is immaculate. Everything that can be polished, has a high sheen. The rooms have everything that a hotel guest can be anticipated to need. In my room, everything worked well, from plumbing to air conditioning to lights. (I can’t tell you the number of times I have stayed in a hotel and found light bulbs out, or balky A/C.) When I had a bit of trouble with the in-room safe, I called for assistance, the engineer came within 5 minutes, and in another minute the safe was working. The guest toiletries were worthy of a spa and were renewed daily. The bed had the perfect balance of cushiness and firm support. The restaurant employs highly competent cooks who turn out perfect meals, and wait staff who ensure you are happy with your meal. There is Internet connectivity in the guest rooms. For those traveling without laptops, the hotel has a high-speed Ibahn Internet portal. If you don't use all the Internet minutes on the Ibahn card, you can expend the remaining minutes in the next 12 months. I expended mine at an airport hotel later in my journey.I found the staff had a highly-developed service ethic. Any help I needed, I only had to ask. I was astonished to be able to have my room by 9:30 AM, although I had assured them I didn’t expect a room to be available at such an early hour. (My good luck. No one should expect that.) Even before my arrival, the concierges had patiently corresponded with me by email to find a “good” seat at a West End play, and they endured my fickleness with absolute courtesy. (“No, that seat is behind a pillar. No, that one is near the end of the row and has a poor view. No, I want the Royal Circle.”) In the end they booked me a great seat. They booked my pick-up and transport from the airport. To my surprise, they didn’t send me a Black Cab, but a chauffeured Mercedes, for only a few pounds more. After clearing immigration and baggage claim, I presented to the arrivals area. Although I was a half hour late, the driver was waiting for me, holding up a sign-board with my name on it. What a welcome sight for an exhausted traveler at 5:30 AM. That same excellent driver was available later to take me to my play and whisk me back to the hotel afterward. The concierges helped me to locate specific stores on a street map and gave me clear directions that made it easy to accomplish my shopping. Each time I returned, shopping bags in hand, they asked me if I had found everything. At all times during my stay, I was treated like a VIP.As a lone female traveler, I felt extremely safe at this hotel in the lovely Mayfair district. It is only a 5-minute walk from Green Park tube station, convenient to any number of Central London shopping areas, and within walking distance of some theatres.In summary, yes, the prices in Mayfair are high, but you’ll receive value and service for your money at this hotel. In the past, at other hotels, I have paid more and received far less. If you are a female traveler coming alone to London and want to treat yourself, do shopping and take in a play, I highly recommend you book at the Chesterfield Mayfair.	
Jun 24 2007 	Loved the Chesterfield	Great hotel in a great location. We spent a week here in January and couldn't have asked for a better location and hotel. We paid a little over $200 a night and included breakfast. The location was convient to everything and the staff was very accomidating to us being our first time to London. If we go back to London we would definately stay there again.	
Jun 19 2007	Yet another wonderful stay - home from home	We have been visiting London 4 or 5 times a year on business and pleasure for about twenty years. Around ten years ago we discovered the Chesterfield - there was such a warm and personal welcome. Compared to other London hotels where life is anonymous and the service sometimes 'not so good' the Chestefield was a haven. Its location is so convenient for both business and leisure, its restaurant must be one of the best in London.Despite being gold card Hilton members we always choose to stay at the Chesterfield when in London. It has become our home from home and the odd thing to do would be to go anywhere else. Sadly we do not visit as much now as we are retired but we would not think of going anywhere else. Our recent visit took in the Chelsea Flower Show and the Sound of Music and with the help of the Chesterfield our short visit to London was just magic. VM &amp; PM MBE Edinburgh UK	
Jun 17 2007 	Perfect in Every Way	I was traveling alone and wanted a safe and comfortable hotel. Being familiar with the Mayfair area, I found the Chesterfield and will return there whenever in London.The hotel is small and lovely, the dining room and bar area are inviting and the staff is extremely helpful and friendly. You will love your room and bathroom! I had coffee in my room each morning and it arrived within minutes.The ladies room on the lower level is worth a trip :-) !!About a block away is Half Moon Street and Shepherd's Market. This is a quaint area, little shops, cafe's and popular with the locals.You can walk to Buckingham Palace, through Green Park, in about 15 minutes. You can hop the #14 bus and be at Harrod's or The V&amp;A in 10 minutes. It's a perfect location. Go and enjoy!Barbara from Northern Virginia (60 yrs young)	
Jun 12 2007 	Great hotel in a FANTASTIC location!!	We chose the Chesterfield Mayfair for our first trip to London based on trip advisor reviews. We liked the location because the hotel is less than a 5 minute walk to the Green Street tube stop. There isn’t too much around the hotel but if you walk a few blocks you’ll run into tons of things. We walked very easily to Piccadilly Circus everyday. So the location was fabulous. We had access but none of the fuss! Our room was very nice as well. It was very, very clean. Housekeeping does a great job. I liked the bathrooms too. Both were just the right size for my husband and I. The staff were very nice as well. They fall over themselves trying to help you. It rained out while we were there and they were always ready with an umbrella or a taxi. We didn’t eat in the restaurant; it seemed expensive. We had a few drinks and a dessert in the bar and it converted to almost $50 US. There are two pubs a block away that were fantastic – Red Lion and the Punch Bowl. The hotel was lovely; we’d return, if only for the location. One plus – we left (by accident) some money out on the dresser. It was there when we returned. I’d highly recommend this hotel!	
Jun 10 2007 	A bit disappointed	I chose this hotel for my parents, my husband and myself as it was number 1 on the TripAdvisor website, and we were coming to stay in London for the first time. Certainly the helpfulness of the staff more than lived up to expectations. They were courteous and attentive. The bedrooms were quiet and well equipped, but in our bedroom the TV didn't work, and they were unable to repair it.The real disappointment was the meal in the restaurant. It was expensive even by London standards, and we were brought our main courses which went cold while we were waiting for the vegetables. I would advise that if you use this hotel you go out to eat.	
Jun 9 2007 	Great Mayfair Hotel	We stayed 6 days in June. This is a wonderful Mayfair hotel. Check inwas efficient. We accepted an upgrade for a reasonable price(rememberreasonable in London is expensive). The staff were gracious and welcoming. The room was large and comfortable. Housekeeping was spotless. One special comment is that the piano player in the barwas outstanding. Ask him to play Cole Porter and Duke Ellington. You can trust all the great reviews. The photographs are accurate. We would definitely return.	
Jun 9 2007	Where 'Have a Nice Day' really means 'Have a Nice Day'	Okay, this is not a cheap hotel but never have I been made to feel so welcome by the staff at any hotel. Reception, Door, Housekeeping and Breakfast people were just so genuinely friendly and welcoming. Great location, terrific breakfast selection and a mean Mochito in the terrace bar though this bar is for winding down, not catching the London buzz. Will be back when next in Town.	
Jun 5 2007 	The Very Best!	We have stayed at The Chesterfield about 5 times. Several stays were for two weeks at a time as we enjoyed London. This hotel has class, comfort, fantastic service as well as fine cuisine. We enjoy it because of location to the sites of London as well as the tube to Heathrow and for general transportation. Theater, Parks, Galleries as well as the Palace are all within walking distance. What a great staff to make our visits memorable. We plan to return and enjoy the Chesterfield again. Norb and Helen of Wisconsin.	
May 28 2007 	Excellent value in the heart of London	Just left the Chesterfield after 2 wonderful nights. What makes this hotel stand out in London is the staff. Nothing is too much bother and if they say they will do something, it gets done. An obvious comment you may think, but this just doesn't happen in lots of London hotels. Rooms are small but deliciously furnished and the hotel as a whole feels intimate and welcoming. I would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone if they wish to stay in central London	
May 22 2007	Great Hotel	Remembered from previous visit and greated by name by reception staff. Quick and efficient regristration. Very comfortable and well equipped room. Very good restaurant and bar. All staff very friendly and helpful - nothing is too much trouble. Location - walking distance to Oxford Street and Green Park - is excellent.	
May 16 2007 	Great service and lovely hotel	My partner and I were having a night out in London and decided to book into a nice hotel for the night (even though we live in London). Booked a room at the Chesterfield via their website which seemed to give the best prices. Booked a Superior room as there was not much difference between that and a standard room. At the weekend full english breakfast was included.The Chesterfield is in Mayfair on a lovely quiet street - yet moments away from Bond Street, Park Lane etc. As soon as you arrive the service is great. Doorman opens the door and you are greeted by the freindly reception and concierge staff. Special thanks to one of the recpetionists Cindy who was charming. We were informed that we had been upgraded to a suite and checked in and were taken up to our suite. It was fantastic a separate living room with TV and then a large bedroom and huge bathroom. The Chesterfield is a traditional english hotel in that the furniture is mainly antique but it has been decorated in a very stylish way. We had a call shortly afterwards to check the room was OK and we had everything we needed. We ordered afternoon tea in the lounge of our suite and felt thoroughly spoilt!Returning back to the hotel at night it is in a safe area and it was very quiet so a good night's sleep. Breakfast was served in the restuarant with an a'la carte english breakfast to order form as well as a buffet continental breakfast.Overall a lovely experience in a grand old hotel in Mayfair and we had only paid just over £150 for this so well worth it. Definitely a good hotel. Upgrading to a Superior room would seem well worth it.	
May 15 2007 	Exceptional Service	My boyfriend and I stayed just for just one night and I can’t say enough just how exceptional the service was. The décor of our room was quite old fashioned and not very big for a superior king room but it had everything you could possibly need; air conditioning, iron, ironing board, tea/coffee tray (with cafetiere), fluffy bathrobes and slippers, hairdryer, plenty of mirrors and plug sockets, even a stationery kit!The queen sized bed was lovely and comfortable. So much so that I slept like a baby and missed breakfast which is a shame as the reviews on here suggest it was worth having! All in all, a great hotel and very friendly efficient staff.	
May 13 2007 	A more nuanced view	While unqestionably the hotel has many endearing qualities as enumerated in most other reviews, the guest rooms are most certainly not among them. We had booked a junior suite for 4 nights in late April on the basis of it accommodating a third person, but after 10 minutes in the room decided to splurge and upgrade to an executive suite. The latter had two rooms with a pull-out sofa bed in the larger, almost living room in size anteroom that led to the separate bedroom. But back to the junior suite. While it had a super-size king bed, about two feet from the foot of the bed was a rectangular or oblong structure, close to 4 feet in height and about the same length, that's sole purpose was to contain a pop-up television set. Not only was it an obstacle but it had the effect of sub-dividing an already smallish room. Why the TV was not placed on the glass-topped table a couple of feet behind it was a mystery to me. Moreover the two matching high-backed armchairs to the side of the table could have been right out of a 1930's stage set. Badly in need of recovering and most uncomfortable to sit in, they should have been consigned to a garage sale a long time ago. Really, the room had a distinct tired look to it, and judging by its size I would have to assume the regular rooms must be, say, quite compact. On a more positive note, the staff was unfailingly attentive and friendly and the hotel's location, near Berkeley Square, couldn't be better. While the dinner we had one evening in the hotel restaurant, Butler's, was excellent, the breakfast buffet was nothing special (e.g. little variety of fresh fruit). As to whether I'd return, it's tough to say. If I did, it would more likely be for dinner in the restaurant preceded by a cocktail in the quintessentially English bar, a delight in itself. H.W.H. Denver, CO	
May 13 2007 	Loved the Chesterfield	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Chesterfield Mayfair for 5 nights in May 2007. As our room wasn't quite ready on arrival we were invited into the Club bar for complimentory drinks. It was here we had the great pleasure of meeting Loris Lucchini (the Hotel Restaurant Manager). Loris was typical of the experiences we had with all the staff at the Chesterfield, he was a most charming wonderfully talkative gentleman. Loris's enthusiasm to enquire about our trip and ourselves turned us into dedicated repeat customers on the spot. Rarely in todays hustle and bustle does one come upon such genuinely delightful experiences.Our room was all we expected of it, it was a good size and beautifully furnished and decorated. This Hotel is more like an old world gentlemans/gentleladies club, it has plush leather sofas everywhere and the Club Bar is furnished much as you would expect from such a luxury boutique Hotel. But the Chesterfield Mayfair experience is most definately about the wonderful staff, from the check-in to the room service to the bar staff and to the door men I can honestly say that they each not only met my expectations but each and every encounter I had with the staff left myself and my wife smiling and delighted, well done to them all.As far as the location of the hotel goes, it is perfectly situated, walking distance to Trafalga Square or Buckingham Palace or Houses of Parliament or many other tourist attractions. A hundred metres (or yards in England) down the road is the quaint very typically English pub The Running footman, I dont know where they got their chef from but on the two occassions we ate at the pub, the chefs creations must have been guided by an angel. The meals were both exquisite masterpieces and I'd consider returning to London just to eat there again. If you only get to do one thing while in London, make sure you eat at the Running footman (assuming the chef is not lured away to another restaurant in the meantime).For a typical and cheap English breakfast you can't go past Katies. Katies is just around the corner and a couple of hundred metre's away. For an expensive cocktail there is the Ritz Hotel , also just a couple of hundred metre's away.After my wonderful experiences in London I am most definately a lifelong Chesterfield Mayfair Hotel guest and I would recommend the Hotel to anyone who values not only luxury at a sensible price but more so being treated genuinely as a valued customer. Well done to everyone at the Chesterfield, and a special thanks to Loris.	
May 12 2007 	Great location great staff great hotel	It’s the 3rd time we have stayed at the hotel and each time it seems to get better and better. The staff are fantastic and the location has to be one of the best in London. The rooms are beautifully decorated and have everything you could ever wish for.We ate in the restaurant on one evening the food was outstanding, I had the Dover Sole and my wife had the rib of beef from the beautiful silver trolley. Breakfast each day was out of this world, even the pastries are warm! The bar is also great and somewhere you can relax and soak up the atmosphere.A little tip is book on the hotels website as it seems to be £1 cheaper than other sites and from time to time they have special offers, such as a bottle of wine as an added extra.	
May 9 2007	Great place to stay in London. Trip advisor member Bangor Co. Down	This was our second visit to the Chesterfield Mayfair and, as on the previous occasion, everything was excellent from the moment we arrived until our departure 3 days later. The standard of service is top class and it appears nothing is too much trouble for the staff. Everybody is friendly and polite and more than willing to help. Our superior king room was very comfortable although not really all that large, and the bathroom is rather on the small side but well supplied and used towels were changed twice daily.The food is of a high standard and afternoon tea was beautiful, well presented and delicious. Highly recommended.Breakfast is excellent and freshly cooked and hot. Scrambled eggs and smoked salmon very tasty although the scrambled eggs were not as nice this time as previously.One morning at breakfast a mouse scuttled from under the curtain and ran across the carpet. My wife reported it to the restaurant manager who was most concerned and he said he would report it right away ( which he did ) so that the rodent experts could be brought in to investigate. We will be back again and look forward to our next visit and I am sure we will enjoy it as much as we have done in the past.	
May 7 2007 	Good value for money considering the location and facilities.	Upon entering this hotel my heart sank, as the reception was very dark and decorated in what could only be described as old fasioned english pub style. I feared for the state of the rooms. However thankfully, check in was polite and friendly, which helped relax me somewhat. Our room was small but well laid out, the bathroom was even smaller, so small i marvelled it as a small feat in engineering, that they had managed to fit a bath, toilet and washbasin in it. Thankfully aside from the horrible swirly carpet, the room fittings were tasteful and the bathroom bright and nicely appointed. We slept well which must say something for the quality of the bed and in the morning we enjoyed a mouthwatering breakfast in the restaurant. All in all, considering the price we paid and location, i feel this hotel offered excellent value for money.	
May 4 2007 	Just an okay stay	Booked the Chesterfield after reading the many glowing comments on Tripadvisor. It is a well-kept small British hotel in an upscale area. My king bed room was well-appointed and bathroom amenities were of good quality. Most of the staff was cordial and helpful.However, here are the negatives I experienced during my stay:- The front desk was willing to cash my traveler's checks with a very high fee, but could/would not, on 3 separate occasions, break a 20 pound note.- The Tea Tray in the room was a wonderful surprise but when I took the lid off the teapot to fill with water I was met with a horrendously foul odor. It obviously had not been cleaned in some time.- My room was located on the 2nd floor and a noise which sounded like a banging door permeated the walls/windows. Thank goodness I had earplugs.- Bathroom is very tiny but workable. Shower did not have a curtain but rather a partial glass panel that no matter how careful I was, there was always a pool of water around the tub. Don't know if I would ever return to to Chesterfield.	
May 1 2007 	Wonderful stay	To celebrate my 60th birthday decided to stay at the Chesterfield again. Not disappointed at all. Just as memorable as our stay last October. Our room, although small, was absolutely spotless and elegantly decorated. The bar was equally impressive but rather expensive (this is Mayfair though!) Staff extremely courteous and helpful from arrival through to the point of leaving. Hotel is well located for theatres, shopping in Oxford Street and Bond Street nearby and within easy walking distance of Hyde Park. Would thoroughly recommend this hotel for a stay in London - good position, friendly staff and a wonderful experience overall.	
Mar 25 2007 	Great experience	Stayed here for the St Patrick's weekend and we really loved it. Booked the room via the Chesterfield Mayfair website and received a complimentary bottle of champagne, English breakfast every morning, afternoon cream tea and a 6pm check out for the same price that hotels.com offered the stay not including any extras. Papers and magazines are provided in the room. All the staff is very attentive and professional. The location is second to none. It is located a couple of blocks from the Green Park tube station. A quiet area, but close to both Leicester square and also close enough to Buckingham Palace and the West End. Great value for money!	
Mar 22 2007 	Wonderful	I have stayed twice and several friends have also stayed there. All agree that it's excellent. Annual (at least) travellers to London, we have all tried various hotels around the city and this is the best so far. Room size is decent and efficiently used although small by US standards (it often isn't in London especially compared to average US hotel room). Staff all speak very good English, even maids etc. (in some hotels in London only a couple of staff seem to be able to do more than say hello). Great neighbourhood - short walk to Picadilly, Regent Street and theatres. Covent Garden and Seven Dials also walkable (but you can always get a cab within a minute or two at most and the tube is close). Staff very helpful. Very nice formal Chinese food in modern setting across the street. After a series of London hotel disappointments spanning years, this was a delight and the second time was as nice as the first. Have three friends who have also stayed there and all agree. Too bad the pound is so high against the dollar or I'd go more often (have to wait for the company to send me again next year).	
Mar 20 2007 	Great hotel	Stayed here for St. Patrick's weekend.The room was not massive but what it lacked in size, it made up for in everything else. The location is top notch. I have never been as impressed with the local cars. If you fancy spotting Rolls Royce, Porsches and Ferraris then this is the area.Every morning, a newspaper was left hanging on the door. On the newspaper was a little sticker wishing a pleasant stay and details of the weather forecast.In the evening there was a turndown service with a nice bit of fudge and the tv was pulled out on its stand and angled towards the bed.The bathroom was nice with robes and underfloor heating, good cosmetics (speaking as a man), bath, shower and hose.I couldn't recommend the place more. Breakfast is £19.50 and an Irish whiskey to celebrate St. Patrick's day was £8 so be aware that it is not cheap but there were better deals on the hotel's website than on hotels.com	
Mar 13 2007	Charming Chesterfield	This is a charming hotel set in the heart of Mayfair in a quiet road leading onto Berkeley Square yet only 7 minutes walk from Green Park Underground Station which is perfectly situated on the Piccadilly, Victoria and Jubilee Lines.For Theatreland, the two next eastbound stops on the Piccadilly Line are Piccadilly Circus and Leicester Square, although you can walk to Piccadilly Circus in 15 minutes. One stop westbound is Hyde Park, or a pleasant 5 minute stroll across Green Park takes you to Buckingham Palace, or a 10 minute walk north from the hotel takes you to Oxford Street, so it is very well placed with also a plentiful supply of black cabs using Charles Street as a through route. Not only that one stop south on the Jubilee Line is Westminster for Big Ben, the Houses of Parliament, Downing Street, Westminster Abbey and the London Eye. Did I mention it was well placed?Previous reviews are all correct about the friendly and attentive staff; these people are very well selected and very well trained, they are a credit to the organisation. The hotel is very well maintained and is large enough to have a good restaurant and bar yet small enough to be friendly and intimate.We stayed for 3 nights in a Junior Suite which amounts to a large (by London standards) very well appointed luxury room with plenty of space. Our specific room was Number 427, the Chesterfield Suite overlooking Charles Street, and I have uploaded some photos of it. The television is operated by a remote control scissor lift and rises from a cabinet at the foot of the bed; the room looks much larger when the television disappears. The bathroom is compact with a small Jacuzzi bath tub and shower, a small elegant flat screen television and also a separate walk-in shower.I booked the room directly with the hotel just 48 hours before the weekend and was very pleased with the rate quoted which I thought was reasonable and included Champagne in the room and an afternoon cream tea in the very smart restaurant. This approach means you have to take pot-luck with availability but, on this occasion, it worked out very well for us and we enjoyed every minute of our long weekend. I have absolutely nothing negative to say about the Chesterfield Mayfair and will stay there again if I can using my high risk late booking strategy.	
Mar 6 2007 	The Chesterfield was just right!	I stayed at the Chesterfield for 7 nights just last week. My double room was perfect for me - not gargantuan, but I didn't expect that. But superb bed, comfortable chair and table, pristine, elegant bathroom and storage galore! As hard as I tried, I couldn't fill up all the closets and drawers! :) Quiet is very important to me - nothing annoys me more than voices, TV, music through the walls - and I might have been alone on my floor (but was not!).Make sure you get a rate with breakfast included - it's a deal - was my main meal of the day and couldn't have been more delicious or the service more impeccable. I was greeted by name in the morning after the first day or so. You order anything cooked you want off the menu, as well as help yourself to beautiful buffet with anything you could want as far as fruit, cereal, juice, pastries, cheeses and meats, etc. The best Eggs Benedict I have ever had and I've had 'em everywhere!I had room service every evening after my long (great) days of sightseeing and it always (7 nights out of 7) arrived before they said it would, and was graciously served and just right.Had a martini each late afternoon in the fabulous bar - comfortable seating, great munchies and people watching supreme - you get the feeling that this is one of the most popular gathering spots in Mayfair for local business people - oozes class, but very warm.I could go on and on. Reception and door staff friendly, kind and helpful. You can't pass an employee in a hallway without a courteous hello.You simply cannot go wrong. Only place I'll ever stay.	
