	excellent	very attentive staff and lovely hotel. upgraded to a suite which was very luxurious. breakfast great with a good choice of hot &amp; cold.	
Nov 22 2009 	Feels like a boutique hotel not a chain	This is the 3rd time I've stayed at the Radisson Bloomsbury Street and every time I'm made to feel very well-taken care of. From the front-of-house staff to the personalized welcome in my room, it definitely doesn't feel like a chain hotel. The level of service is most assuredly top-notch and I don't hesitate to recommend them to anyone wishing to stay in London. The added bonus - they're just around the corner from the British Museum. Well done once again!	
Nov 22 2009 	Brilliant hotel friendly staff superb location!	We booked a standard Queen Bedded room as we were seeing a show at the Leicester Square Theatre. The room was not ready when we arrived, however we were offered complimentary drinks while we waited for the room. When our room was ready we were asked if we needed help with our bags, and the staff were very warm, welcoming and very polite. We went out for the evening, and when we returned at 10pm, we sat in the bar with a lovely bottle of red wine, the ambience was perfect, never have I had such a nice time in London. We could not fault this hotel, the room was clean and beautifully decorated, the security was brilliant - you could not enter where the bedrooms are located without having a key card. The location was second to none - we will be back and we will recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to listen!! We did not try the food at this hotel, but when we return, we will ensure that we fit in a meal as the restaurant looked lovely, relaxed and friendly.	
Nov 21 2009 	Perfect fantastic everything you would wish for	Perfect, fantastic everything we could have wished for and all down to superb customer care and attention. Kris the manager looked after us after we expressed our disappointment with the room we were staying in the sister hotel the Kenilworth, it was small with the double bed against the wall, hardly a romantic setting for a romantic weekend in London. To make amends for our disappointment, Kris arranged for us to have a complimentary breakfast and moved us to the Bloomsbury, and our disappointment soon turned to delight as he showed us to a beautiful suite as a way to make up for our previous night, it was a beautiful room and the hotel staff were friendly and attentive. The food in the hotel was excellent. Thank-you Kris for your excellent care and lovely manner. Patricia and Sam Belfast	
Nov 20 2009 	Fantastic Location	This hotel is in a great location, however, the 'Background' music is too loud in the Reception area and it is difficult to hear the Receptionist whilst checking in.We were given a room that had an off-putting smell of drains and the hotel was reluctant to give us another room immediately. They fobbed us off with a Maintenance Man with a bottle of bleach. This didn't solve the problem. It wasn't until one of the Housekeeping staff told us that there is always a problem smell in that particular room that the hotel relented and agreed to change our room. They clearly knew there was a drainage problem when they allocated us this room.Drinks in the bar are expensive and there is a service charge on top.Breakfast was lovely but the dining room is too cramped.This hotel is not good value for money.	
Nov 19 2009 	A luxurious Hotel	This is a beautfiul hotel, from the moment you walk in the surroundings are luxurious and the staff are eager to help. The rooms are beautiful and the tshort walk from the escalator to the room was a treat with the softest carpets ever !!!!! We requested bath robes and they came very quickly and were lovely and soft........oh and the shower was fabulous too !!!We also ate in the restaurant and the staff were very friendly and helpful and the steak was amazing. We also had an even and the conference facilities are exceptional. Again the staff were friendly and the warm buffet lunch was enjoyed by everyone (60 delegates).I would definitely come back for business or pleasure.	
Nov 18 2009	The best babyshower ever!	We held my baby shower at the hotel and had lunch. I had about 20 guests and a set menu lunch. It was a fantastic afternoon. From the planning stags to the end of the afternoon it was a pleasant experience. The staff were all professional and friendly. We were looked after and given 5 star service.The food was fabulous! All my guests were extremely impressed!I would recommend the hotel for any function.	
Nov 11 2009 	Excellent stay - top hotel - great location	I have stayed at this hotel three times this year. This is my hotel of choice in London. I happened to be travelling with colleagues this trip but often travel on my own. And as a woman traveller, it is important to me that I feel safe. And yes, at this hotel I feel very safe indeed. The Raddison Edwardian Bloomsbury (apart from the tragically long name) is a great hotel. The staff are friendly yet professional. I have always experienced the best service from all the staff. The rooms are pleasant and well appointed, some are very small but you have a choice!! Want something bigger?? Upgrade! I love the free internet!! And the location is perfect - walking, underground or by cab, you are in the heart of the city!! Enjoy your stay - I always do!!	
Nov 11 2009 	Nice hotel with excellent service	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in September. We came to hotel early morning and they gave us a room. Check in was very easy. The hotel is located in an area with good access to public transport and is within easy walking distance to a number of shopping districts and restaurants. Very close to British Museum. The hotel is very nice with beautiful rooms and bathrooms. All staff members were very friendly, polite and efficient. Our special thanks to Mr. Kumar, the Guest Relations Manager, for helping us in reservation and for his outstanding customer service and very professional too.Overall, very nice stay and a good price for central London hotel. I would definitely recommend it.	
Nov 8 2009 	Comfortable and Just right for the Theatres etc	The room was very comfortable and clean, the staff where very pleasant and helpful. The breakfast was very good with a good selection of food and drinks. The decor through out the hotel has a lot of black marble with darkish wall covering, very smart but not every one`s choice if a bright and airy is colour scheme is prefered.	
Nov 7 2009 	There are better hotels out there.....	Have stayed in 4 and 5 star hotels all over the world and this one was less than impressive. I was there for a 2 day Medical Conference arranged by a drug company which paid the bill.... ( I would have been much more annoyed if I had to pay for this myself)The lobby was attractive but thats about all that was good. The room was TINY and I had a wonderful view of a wall from my equally tiny window.The TV had about 5-6 channels (they could at least invest in a freeview box which would triple their channel choice). I mentioned to the receptionist that my TV remote was dead and she said someone would sort it ....but of course no one did.The small bathroom was clean but the shower had low pressure.The room was also a bit dusty which a colleague of mine in another room also mentioned the next morning.To top it off, I received a wake up call the next morning at 730am which I hadn't requested...later found out that the lady in the queue behind me (while I was telling the receptionist about the remote control) had asked for a 730am wake up call which she never got.  Overall I wasn't at all impressed. Am just glad that I didn't have to pay for it. Maybe we were put in 'second class' rooms because it was a mass booking by a company. The food in the restaurant was quite tasty.  But seriously....london has far better hotels to offer in the same price range. Don't be fooled by the lobby.....	
Nov 7 2009 	Simply the best!	A pleasure to stay here. Super location, extremley efficient and friendly staff. Atmosphere with lots of vitality, very clean &amp; comfortable. Its now my choice of hotel in London and I visit three or four times a month! Reception team are the best I have seen! and did not mean it to rhyme!!!!	
Nov 4 2009 	Great location stylish modern decor	Fantastically placed for the West End without being right in it. Stayed here and went to the Colliseum (English National Opera, straight down the road; also very handy for the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden). Friendly professional staff, well decorated rooms (not the biggest, but it's central London). Also check out the Lebanese restaurant, right over the road and open until late.	
Nov 2 2009 	Fantastic hotel!	We stayed at the Raddison to watch a show and take in a meal at Covent garden.The hotel is modern with fantastic rooms, all have flat screen tv's with connectivity, and the bathrooms are fantastic with walk in showers with modern tiling and accesories.The staff are friendly, particularly the Concierge for who nothing is too much trouble.I would reccomend a stay as the central location is great for theatreland, Covent Garden etc...highly reccomended.	
Nov 2 2009 	A 5 star hotel with 4 star prices!!!	We have been fortunate enough to stay in some excellent hotels around the world including The Wynn (Las Vegas), The Ritz Carlton South Beach (Miami) and can easily say that the Radisson Bloomsbury is equal to if not better than these hotels with respect to its customer service. The level of this service is second to none the staff are both polite and courteous and will do all they can to accommodate your needs. We had the pleasure of meeting Kumar who is the Guest Relations Manager at the hotel and is a credit to the Radisson Edwardian family. The hotel itself is beautiful and the restaurant is extremely comfortable with an excellent menu. London is very competitive when it comes to hotels and restaurants but I highly recommend not only staying in this hotel but dining in the restaurant. This is the only place we’ll be staying for our next and future visits.Thanks once again for all your help Kumar it was a great couple of days made all the better by the hotel and your outstanding service.	
Nov 2 2009 	The hotel surpassed expectations which made for a perfect stay	Although we only stayed there one night, the service, quality of the surroundings and general feel of the whole hotel helped make the stay very special	
Nov 1 2009 	Well located nice rooms boutique feel.	Well located, two blocks from British Museum. Walking distance from Tottenham Court Tube station. Close to many West End theatres. Clean, boutiquey feel. Rooms seem bigger than your average London hotel. Just beware if you are sensitive to perfume as they use quite a bit of aromatherapy in the lobby.Be careful with the WiFi - it is free, so DON'T plug into the hardline in the room - that one costs money.	
Nov 1 2009 	Total commitment to customer care	A fine hotel styled with luxurious and elegant furnishings in all areas. Although the first room we were shown to was a bit small we were quickly given another one and a plausible explanation for the problem. The service was excellent and courteous. Also very convenient as well - 10 minutes from Covent Garden / Embankment and across the road from the British Museum.	
Oct 28 2009 	Excellent Hotel	I stayed at the hotel for my son's 13th birthday treat and have to say I was impressed !Check in was a smooth process and the reception staff were paticularly helpful - even noting that it was my son's birthday. Although we knew the hotel was central we didn't realise it was so central ..... only 3 minutes brisk walk to Oxford Street, Covent Garden and 10 minutes walk to Carnaby street. Tube close by - choice from Holborn or Tottenham Court Road. We had a deluxe room which was large and spacious, tastefully decorated and had the 'Radisson' smell which I love. Breakfast had a great selection and the staff once again were paticularly helpful. Overall great stay at a reasonable price - would definately recommend it.	
Oct 27 2009 	Excellent Hotel Great Location	We were in London for a sporting event and were seeking a good hotel in an excellent location. After much searching we settled on the Radisson Bloomsbury and upon arrival it was clear that we had made an excellent choice. Rooms were tastefully decorated and the staff at the hotel were helpful and courteous. The hotel is located close to numerous, pubs, restaurants and entertainment. The hotel is located in an area with good access to public transport and is within easy walking distance a number of shopping districts. We thorough enjoyed our stay and it will be our hotel of choice during our next trip to London.	
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent Hotel	It's difficult to find a good Hotel in London which is excellent value for money but this hotel is it. The rooms are nice, clean and modern. The hotel is very receptive to suggestions for improvement to their services. I had a problem with the person who checked me in on my first visit so I alerted the hotel to this and they fixed the problem. I have stayed twice now and will return. The location is fabulous. The concierges could not be better.	
Oct 26 2009 	Perfect luxury	Staff friendly and efficient, great service and happy faces everywhere. First floor king deluxe room was as described - luxurious and very clean. Free newspaper for the morning will be slipped under your door so make sure you pick from the choice of Telegraph or Times. There will be magazines in your room too. You need the card key to use the lifts and access each floor if using the stairs so security is tight. My friends stayed in similar rooms on third floor and fourth - all just as lovely. We did book 'twins' but were given king size beds which we didn't mind as they were huge. Not even sure if they do twin beds so check this if it matters to you. Overlooked main road but not noisy at all - just the odd siren which you have to expect in a city (and I'm a light sleeper!). Watch the 'London channel' on the tv if you're not a local - very interesting. Ideal location for theatre, shops and mooching around the main tourist places. Best of all was the everything! Can't fault anything. We arrived early at midday and were able to check in even though it says 2pm check in. We parked in the NCP carpark on Great Russell Street - £31 per day - car park was really empty! Very short walk to the hotel. On the day we checked out, the Staff were happy to store our luggage (in a unused locked conference room) until much later that day when we were ready to leave London. Decor very simple - purples and dark marble flooring with wonderful pieces of art and sculptures giving an elegant feel to the hotel. Very thick bouncy carpet along the corridors mean you do not hear anyone around you. We did not have breakfast so cannot comment on the food but we stayed for afternoon tea / coffee before leaving London and relaxed in the bar area and were treated very well. Would definitely consider booking this hotel the next time we visit London.	
Oct 22 2009 	brill	We visited this hotel on the 17th till the 19th of october, Very nice hotel the location was perfect, as in the theater district, and close, to most attractions,I found the hotel staff very helpful and polite, I would recommend this hotel to anybody, ps the food was good too	
Oct 22 2009 	Beautifully appointed hotel in very handy location	I stayed at this hotel for one night on 20th Oct 2009, Room 4009. I booked through my company and the B&amp;B rate was £112 inclusive. The hotel appears to have been recently refurbished and although the hotel is possibly early 20th century the decor is very modern and minimalist in style.It is clean, smart and everything is new. The bedding is new, the bathrooms are new and it's all beautifully clean and sweet-smelling.The breakfast was lovely, they even had fresh strawberries and raspberries on the breakfast buffet. While I was staying at the hotel I went to see Thriller Live at the Lyric Theatre (the evening showing). I was able to walk there in 10 mins (no need for a taxi) and I also walked back alone after the show. There are plenty of people around and the area feels very safe.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel - it was a joy to stay there! I can't think of anything to fault about it. However I didn't eat in the restaurant in the evening or use the bar so can't comment on those aspects.	
Oct 21 2009 	Excellent hotel	We stayed here in October 2009. We were met outside the hotel and our luggage was taken to our room. Check in was smooth and our room was clean and modern and the bed very comfortable. The hotel staff were very helpful and efficient. However, the bar is very expensive, we had 4 drinks which cost £30.00. The hotel location is perfect for Oxford Street and all of the major attractions. Would definitely recommend and stay here again.	
Oct 20 2009 	Bit of a gem for Central London	I have got so tired of staying in poor London accommodation and now use the Crowne Plaza, Ealing as my base for business trips to London. Yesterday (Monday) however I had to stay in London and was anticipating an uninspiring stay at the Radisson. I walked into a nice reception but was all the time thinking &quot;yes wait until I get out of the lift and the corridors will be shabby – a usual trick.&quot; To my surprise the corridors looked smart as I made my way out of the lifts to room 6006 - still thinking the room itself was going to be the let down. To my delight I walked into a well furnished room with modern fixtures and fittings - over the moon. The best bit was the peace and quiet. No discernible traffic noise – amazing and a good night sleep. The morning breakfast did not disappoint. A good selection of food with pleasant staff. Thank you Radisson for restoring my faith in Central London accommodation. The only catch here was that I was upgraded. I am willing to take a chance to see if my visit next week bags me the same standard of accommodation. Fingers crossed.	
Oct 20 2009 	Perfect	This must be the perfect hotel room for that price . The Interior design is stunning , people very nice . The room size , bed , bath is for this price so central in London a great find.....	
Oct 16 2009 	Sophisticated elegant hotel in very central location	I stayed here in Sept 09 when I visited London on a business trip. The hotel was fantastic - really upmarket looking and sophisticated. The staff very exceptionally friendly and professional - nothing was a bother for them. I got an upgrade to a kingsize room - loved the furnishings and the bathroom/ shower.Breakfast offered a huge selection, again the staff could not have been more helpful. The decor of the hotel (all areas) was modern but with a warm elegance. The hotel was a few minutes from Tottenham Court Rd tube station which meant travelling about London was really easy.I wish I could have stayed longer - maybe next time! I would recommend this hotel to anyone who appreciates receiving friendly, professional service and a luxurious bathroom!!	
Oct 15 2009 	Recommended for business or holidays	I have been 5-6 times in this hotel during the last year, the hotel quality is very good but they still have to improve the cleaning, this is my main concern.The hotel is moderm and the staff very friendly, recomended for business or holidays.	
Oct 14 2009 	Never again. Better choices abound in this part of London.	The hotel was overpriced, the room so small we cold barely move around let alone open our luggage. The drain overflowed when you took a shower so the bathroom flooded out into the room. The whole hotel is scented with something that smells like overpowering perfume and the front desk staff are condescending.Only good part was free high speed internet and business centre use.	
Oct 14 2009 	Big disappointment	As a frequent, worldwide traveller, I have seldom been more disappointed. Client service - both in person and in amenities - was well below par, from the employee who let the hotel door slam in front of my sister as she was struggling with two big suitcases, to the lack of signage to help the customer know where to find anything, to the cash-grabby attitude to customer service (late checkout? that'll be 20 pounds an hour please!), and to the slimy concierge who insisted that we use &quot;his&quot; taxi to get to Paddington, when there were tons available on the street. The room was terrible for the money we paid (about C$400): small and cramped (no room to lie down the suitcases even), overly hot, a non-functioning fridge, tv with the fewest possible channels, and - the worst - the teeny shower which flooded the bathroom (amazingly, it seemed designed to cascade out onto the main floor!). But don't confuse the Radisson Bloomsbury STREET Hotel with the Bloomsbury Hotel (around the corner): the latter is lovely and I thoroughly regretted trying something new this time. Radisson should learn that investing in a swanky lobby does not make up for a total lack of concern for the client themselves.	
Oct 13 2009 	delightfull	It is the best stay I've had in a London' hotel. A great hotel. A great service. The staff is so professionnal. the decoration is stylish, It is beautifu placel. The hotel is very well situated too. they made my stay. thank you again. I should recommand it to any one.	
Oct 12 2009 	Lovely hotel in a great location apart from a few faults	I have just come back from staying a weekend at this hotel and was very suprised at how close it is to Tottenham Court Road station. Literally a 3 min walk from a station which has great access to other areas i.e. leiscester square. And easily walkable to oxford street's great shops. Dont bother walking from Holborn.We arrived at the hotel around 9pm and prior to arrival I emailed the hotel to give my requests i.e. high floor. As soon as we walked in we were greeted by a lovely receptionist who completed check-in. This hotel is very very modern, funky, and boutique i.e. black floor, velvet walls however there was quite large music around the reception area and both if us could hear what each other was saying.The receptionist explained that we had to put the keycard in the lift before pressing the floor button but people still seemed to get confused about this coming back to reception to say the lift didnt work! On entering our floor the hallways are just amazing, big sculptures and plush carpets. Even better when we got to our superior room (6020) which although cosy, was filled with a few special touches i.e. round glass table, big flatscreen tv, and velvet bed throw and extra pillows. They have done a good job. If you like a good bathroom then come here... rainforest shower head, gilchrest &amp; soames bath products, hand wash &amp; body lotion. Best of all the bathroom is huge!!!Breakfast was included with the package and it really was good. There was a menu where you could have anything cooked up for you, some free, and some chargeable like smoked haddock or kipper (£2). Still good value. If you like your fruit then they offer fresh strawberrys, raspberrys as well as melon, orange, and pineapple. Cooked breakfast was great with 2 types of bacon, sausages, eggs and lots more. Hardly ever had to wait and got seated straight away both days. However we did notice that once my parter drank a yakult that it was a week out of date! He informed Robin the restaurant supervisor and he apologised and offered us a free drink in the bar, which was quite generous. Once we left for the day we forgot to put our 'clean room' button on, but I though that all the hotels I have been to they would clean the room anyway.. wrong, we returned at 4pm to find the room hadnt been cleaned, but once we went out and put the light on, we came back to find it had all been done. Great service considering most housekeeping go home at 2pm.My only major gripe was that our safe didnt work in the room for the entire trip. Initially I phoned reception who could barely hear me due to the music as mentioned before but she came up straight away and said that maintanence had gone home and will be in the next day. Came back to our room the next evening to find nothing had been done. This was very frustrating as we had to take our valuable out with us and just did not 100% trust the reception safe.Overall the hotel interior is top notch, location.. one of the best around. We were obviously unlucky with the safe issue but it really is a good 5* hotel and not to snobby!	
Oct 11 2009 	fantastic	we really loved it here the staff were so friendly and helpful to, the room was spotless and so comfortable to, can not fault this place at all had a great weekend we also read tripadvisor and its so true this place is beauifull cant wait to go back to london and stay here again thanks from mr and mrs tucker portsmouth	
Oct 8 2009 	Lovely place in the city but you don't know it.	From the courtyard entry to the over the top greeting you feel welcome and pampered. Once inside check in was fast. The room we had was large and so was the bathroom unlike most hotel rooms we have stayed in Europe. Convenient to the tube. Great restaurants within walking distance. I hope we can get back to London again soon. We would stay here again!	
Oct 7 2009 	Elegant and sophisticated but a bit too fragrant...	We spent five really happy days at this classy and well situated hotel. Everything from the staff to the bedding was perfect - clean, comfortable and relaxing...except.... for the very strong air freshener scent in the lobby reception area. I am not one of those scent sensitive people by any means, but I found the floral perfumey odour in the main reception area really, really over powering. Other than that, absolutely no complaints! Our twin room looked out over the front of the hotel but it was very quiet - lovely street view and leafy green trees. The staff were super helpful and didn't have a problem when we asked for the mini bar to be emptied so we could put our own food in the fridge (even though it was probably a bit of a hassle for them). Would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 7 2009 	Beautiful hotel with a lovely ambience	This hotel gives very welcoming and courteous service. Our room was a spacious one on the 6th floor. The location is exellent, with Covent Garden and Soho approximately 5 minutes walk away. Tottenham Court Road tube station is also very nearby.This is a very nice hotel that I am looking forward to return to.	
Oct 6 2009 	Nice hotel- but not good service	Booked this hotel in August for and October weekend. Seems nice since the refit but had we the following problems:1. checkin took over 30 minutes as the could not find the booking. had a printout and confirmation on my iphone but still had to wait 30minutes and made to sit on the &quot;naughty step&quot; Eventually got to the room (even though they hadnt found details) and they rang the following day to say they had &quot;found the details&quot;2. House keeping were knocking at the door at 8.30 am on a saturday- we said we would be gone in 10minutes but when we came back at 15.30 the room handt been touched. I put the do not disturb sign up so I could have a rest before going out again- but as soon as I fell asleep- housekeeping telephoned to ask why I had got the &quot;do not disturb&quot; on the door and when could they service the room! 3. the keys only worked some of the time. If you have ever waited ages for the lift, walked down corridors with bags- only for the key not to work- you will know how annoying this can be.....4. breakfast! The restaurant is not big enough.. Sunday morning we were in a que with 40 other people waiting for a seat- my adivce would be don't bother- find somewhere else for breakfast if you have to stop here.in summary the hotel is nice and rooms good- although ive had a much better expericnce in a premier inn at a LOT less money. Shame.	
Oct 5 2009 	A wonderful experience in London	We recently stayed at the Raddisson Edwardian hotel on Bloomsbury Street. We found the hortel itself very modern, hip and clean. The staff all friendly and willing to make our stay a most enjoyable one.We felt comfortable that you needed your key to operate the elevator and felt that was a very good security function. The room was quite large and beautifully appointed. The bath very modern, and beatiful with all the ammenities one would need including a heated towel rack and separate LARGE shower.The bedroom was in soothely stylish decor and colors. A delightful room., The bed comfortable and room service proved quick and efficient as well.Our only two minor concerns which we did verse with the management upon leaving were two small annoyances. 1/ The refuse pail was large and useful, however they place a plastic bag less than one third its size within it. Obviously the first pieces of trash you throw into it,, the plastic bag falls to the floor of the pale and is now rendered useless and annoying as you must constanrtly bend down to open it and try tro fit tre gardage into it. A quick fix and no anxiety for the guest- A proper size Plastic bag (SOlVED) the only minor other problem was teh lighting. There are ample ceiling lights throughout the room, on a dimmer, so all the lights on high work great, or dimmed low for moos wonderful, however I you want to sit at the chairs b y the table an read,, you must keep the lights up high,and it makes it impossible for someone else in teh room to simply take a nap. The addition of a lamp on that table for not too much money would solve teh problem easily.Lastly- the placement of the hotel is WONDERFUL. A stroll to Soho and the restaurants and theartres. Its greatly situation, around the corner from the British Museum.Everyone who stays there will enjoy their trip.	
Oct 4 2009 	Classy friendly stylish and all in an excellent location!	My boyfriend and I stayed here for my 40th birthday weekend and with the number of hotels in London, it was hard to make a decision on which one to choose. I'm so pleased that we decided to go with the Radisson Bloomsbury Street; it exceeded my expectations in all areas - and I would have been absolutely gutted to have chosen badly on such a special occasion. Every single member of staff was professional, friendly and courteous and Ona (who cleaned our room) really went the extra mile for me once she learned it was my birthday; she really helped to make it special.	
Oct 4 2009 	A superb hotel in a wonderfully central location	Having stayed at this hotel for a number of years, we are still delighted with all aspects, especially the service and friendliness of the staff. Just a few hundred metres from the British Museum and many theatres, it is a perfect location for short breaks.	
Oct 2 2009 	Lovely clean friendly welcoming hotel	Ideal for Oxford Street shopping and a very short walk to Tottenham Court Road tube so ideal for short tube rides to main London Attractions. This was our second stay at this hotel. We last stayed at Christmas and had a wonderful time in the beautifully decorated surroundings. Lovely staff, excellent food, relaxing stay! Will definitely stay here again when we next visit London.	
Oct 2 2009 	Elegant comfortable stay	Rooms were large, clean and comfortable. Room service was excellant.Bar in the evening was delightful for a late night drink.	
Sep 25 2009 	Excellent Hotel with fantastic staff!	We stayed for only one night at the Radisson and the staff were wonderful and the hotel was lovely. The room we had overlooked onot the back which was a little nosy as it backed onto a residential apartment block - however, this did not spoil our break in any way! We would definately return. The hotel staff couldnt do enough for us - very attentative and willing to help ALWAYS. Excellent place to stay would highly recommend! (Excellent location! Only round the corner from Convent Garden and if you're a stage lover then youre right down the road from ALL the shows! It was fab!!)	
Sep 21 2009 	Would Stay Again	Good location for central london, service was very good, not the cheepest hotel in London but with 4* rating you get what you pay for. If I had to find any fault the only one is at Breakfast time the resturant got quite busy but we were warned of this by a sign by the lift and avoided those times	
Sep 18 2009 	Modern comfortable and great staff	I have been in this hotel many times for several years now (it was called Radisson Marlborough before). They have done major renovations in the hotel (entrance, restaurant, rooms) and the result is superb. I liked it before but currently, in my opinion, it is one of the best hotels in London (and the location is wonderful!). It really has a modern style but it is very comfortable and it has a familiar atmosphere. The staff is great (especially at the restaurant) and, in the very few occasions that I had to report a problem, they have dealt with it quickly.	
Sep 17 2009 	Modern hotel in great location but rooms are small.	We stayed for 3 nights at this hotel and were very pleased overall. We were able to get into our room a few hours early (we requested early check-in) and were also upgraded to a &quot;deluxe&quot; room upon arrival. The hotel and rooms are very modern and clean. Our room, despite being a &quot;deluxe&quot;, was very small, with the king-sized bed taking up most of the room. There was a small desk and chair that took up more room. However, the room amenities were very nice, there was sufficient clothing storage, and the bed was very comfortable. The only issue we had was storing our two big suitcases without taking up more space.The bathroom was quite roomy and modern with nice amenities. The only issue we had with the bathroom was flooding the floor every time we took a shower, due to the half-sized shower door.The location of the hotel is excellent, with the Tottenham Court Tube station about a 5 min. walk away. The British Mueum is across the street, and you are also about 10 minutes walk from Charlotte Street, where there are many restaurants and pubs.The hotel management is very responsive to any issues, as I received a personal email after doing an online survey, which addressed some of the points made in my review.	
Sep 15 2009 	Over-rated - good location but room tiny and breakfast bad.	We travel to London regularly and have stayed in many 4* hotels in the City. Our favourite is the Marylebone Hotel (Jurys Clifton Ford) and after our recent stay at the Radisson Bloomsbury st. that does not change.The Radisson hotel has some very positive points - in particular the location. Very close to Tottenham Court Road Tube Station and within walking distance of Covent Garden, Soho, Oxford Street. It is 15 seconds walk from the British Museum. The staff are exceptionally friendly and helpful and I would put them top of the list for this. This is especially the case for the reception and concierge staff. Well Done. Staff in the breakfast room were the complete opposite though. Thats another story. First time I've even been shouted at in a restaurant. I asked for butter - none came with the cold toast - and was walking back to my table when I heard the girl shout an Oi Mate at me and handed me a small dish of butter. So much for table service and manners!!! The rooms: TINY TINY TINY - even compared to other similar London hotels. I know we had a good deal through superbreak that included breakfast, but it was only 15stg of a saving and that does not permit putting a 6ft 2 person into a room where the roof was almost hitting his head and legs off the end of the tiny double bed. Ok - they did change us when I explained the situation. Was told it was an upgrade. What a load of rubbish.... if it was an upgrade I would have been so angry to have paid more for it. Almost no room to walk around the bed. Obviously close to a bar/nightclub playing techno music until 1.30am. When I lied down in bed I could see the ripples in my bedside water glass from the thumping music. I would say it was one of the most noise afflicted hotels I have stayed in. Doors banging all night, front of house powerhosing at 5.30am followed by room above having bath at 6am. They might as well have been in the room with us. The noise insulation is bad. Room was very dark. Bathroom was large, with heated towel rain and lovely fluffy towels. However, the flood that was on the slippy floor when we had a shower meant that we had to use one of the bath towels to mop up the leakage from the inadequate shower screen. I slipped getting out of the bath but managed to right myself. I mentioned this to the check-out staff but was just told it would be looked into and sorry about that. Breakfast was just OK. Typical english breakfast and some fruit, cereal and youghurt available. Q was massive and the room was full to capacity. Tables all on top of each other and only 3 staff visible. One of which was the rude butter girl. Orange juice was like acid. I know this review sounds bad and I guess it wasnt the worst experience ever - but it was just for one night and when converted to Euro it cost 200 euro. Not worth it at all. The staff and location were top notch but the room and breakfast general darkness of the place made it a bad experience.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great Bed and central location	We chose the hotel because it is more wheelchair accessible than the other hotels we researched in London. We were travelling with my father and mother and wheelchair accessibility was a major concern. Their room was great and our room was right across the hall.The king sized bed was comfortable and the room was large enough so that the bed did not swallow the room. The decoration was more boutique than large chain. We had ample storage for our clothes and the bathroom was so large we left our suitcases in the bathroom with more than enough room for two adults. We could see the grounds for the British museum from the entrance to the hotel. The front desk staff were sensitive and attentive to any request that we had. The &quot; English &quot; breakfast was worth every pound and our family of non-breakfast eaters started off everyday having breakfast in the lobby.This area was close enough for us to walk (push) to Covent Gardens, SOHO and even the Tate Modern. This location was central to all of the train statinos that we needed for our side trips. We usually stay in boutique / small hotels but we did not feel lost in this hotel thanks to the recent renovation and staff attentiveness.	
Sep 10 2009 	Another endorsement for this lovely hotel	Stayed for a 2 night leisure break after finding a great &quot;Friday night free&quot; deal on the hotel web site. The recently renovated rooms and public areas are tasteful and modern with touches of luxury throughout and the courteous staff thoroughly deserve all their positive reviews. The buffet breakfast was not included in our rate so we paid for the continental breakfast and were very satisfied with the range of cereals/fruit/pastries/cold meats served in the chic restaurant area. The hotel is in a great location for the West End shops and theatre district and is also a short walk from the bustle of Covent Garden and Leicester Square. Will definitely put the Bloomsbury Street at the top of our list for the next trip to London!	
Sep 8 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at this hotel in august and found it to be superb. The entrance/reception area is very impressive. The room we had was large and very plush with a huge 40inch tv and big comfy bed.The staff were very helpful and friendly.The only downside was the bar prices. The hotel has a stunning bar area with huge plush sofas and lots of black marble and it would be a lovely place to have a drink before going up to bed but the prices were stupid. We had two brandies and one coffee and the brandies, which were just one pub measure of brandy, were £10 each!! this is way overpriced and just annoyed us. Hence this lovely bar was always empty!	
Sep 6 2009	FANTASTIC!!!!!	My mother-in-law and i stayed here for one night as a birthday celebration to see a show at a theatre - we were really impressed with the decor as we entered the hotel as it looked very luxurious with the lovely ornaments and the clean spacious areas. our room was not ready so we had a drink in the bar area while we waited. the staff were very friendly and the tableware was gorgeous with free snacks. all be it a little expensive at £3.50 for a cup of tea! our room was fantastic with all the amenities you could wish for, ironing board and iron, flat screen tv,lovely walk in shower and very clean and spacious. on our departure,the lift was broken so one of the staff carried our bags down the stairs for us! we were able to leave our bags in their 'lobby' until it was ready for us to travel home.the staff were very helpful and flagged down a taxi for us.we really enjoyed our stay here - would highly recommend this hotel and may return very soon. Thank you.	
Sep 6 2009 	Excelent stay for a city hotel providing a theatre break really relaxing and made to feel very welcome	this hotel provided my wife and I, a perfect theatre weekend, an hotel which is close to all the theatres. Rooms were very modern with all amenities.Staff was very friendly and helpful.I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel and will definately return again	
Sep 4 2009 	Fantastic hotel	We staid in the Radisson for 1 night as we went to the theatre. We could not fault the hotel and the staff were great as well, very friendly and helpful. It is in an excellent location for the theatre and very close to a tube station. We would recommend a stay there. A++++	
Sep 1 2009 	beautifull hotel small room!	We stopped for one night and the service was excellent, the hotel was beautifull and plush and always smelt like flowers ( i think they pumped air freshener through air con)its recently be renovated and you can tell as everything is brand new and spotless, the security is very good, if you want to get to the bedrooms via lift or stairs you need to have room key to activate.The area is lovely its very close to the attractions and the theatre but in a very safe neighbourhood.The buffet breakfast is a real treat and well stocked, the restaurant is great and the staff are very friendly.The only thing I didnt like about the whole hotel was the smallness of the room for the price but it is London and it did have the benifit of air con so I maybe being picky lol!	
Aug 31 2009 	Fabulous stay!	From entering the hotel, to checking-out, the whole experience was FABULOUS! Recently renovated, contemporary in design and minimalstic in appearance, the hotel was spotlessly clean!The breakfast room was air conditioned and spacious. My bedroom was large, tastefully decorated, with plasma TV, iron board and iron. The bathroom was amazing!!The hotel staff are very pleasant, courteous and helpful.And.... its location is brilliant -close to Covent Garden.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great staff great location	Stayed recently for our aniversary. Staff are great and it is just near the Bristish Musem and Oxford street so a great place to base yourself when you are in the city.The hotel has been recently refurbished which makes a great difference	
Aug 30 2009 	Just a perfect weekend	We were orginally booked into a double but to our delight up graded free,the room was large clean and modern with all the usual things tea coffee etc, the bathroom was the same large clean and modern with bathrobes.The buffet breakfast was great all you can eat with a wide choice of food from fresh fruit ,pastries, cerals and bacon, eggs etc.All the staff were very polite, helpful and friendly.It made our weekend to see the Jersey Boys perfect,I would stay again no problem and would recomend this hotel to any one	
Aug 27 2009 	The most convenient comfortable and out of the way hotel you'll find in Central London	we stayed at the Radisson Edwardian for a long weekend and had the most comfortable nights sleep ever. In fact, it was so comfortable we just called the hotel to find out what the bed was! As courteous as ever, we got a reply in a day :)Anyway, the hotel is in a fantastic location that is within walking distance of virtually everything you'll want to do in central, central London and if you don't mind the walk you can get to Waterloo and Knightsbridge on foot.Super comfortable beds, courteous staff - maybe the only niggle is the rather average buffet breakfast.	
Aug 25 2009 	The best hotel for galleries museums and theatres in London	We had a fantastic stay at the Radisson Edwardian Bloomsbury Street. ALL the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The complimentary anniversary sweet they gave us at dinner was a very nice touch and much appreciated. The room was lovely. Absolutely brilliant and, of course, the location was perfect for the theatre, galleries and the British Museum. 10 out of 10! We will DEFINITELY be back and have already recommended you to friends and family planning to go to London.	
Aug 25 2009 	great hotel	the hotel was beutifull, always smelling good, the service was excellent, i came here for medical reasons and was taken care of by staff including house manager...the location of the hotel is perfect, i was in a fragile state but the comfortness of the room exceeded my expectations... surely i recomend this hotel and the next time i come here for my surgery ill be staying here.	
Aug 24 2009 	Just right for London!	We arrived in a downpour and were treated like special guests. Our room showed up on the computer as not quite ready so the dear man at the front desk went to check it himself. When he returned in about two minutes, he said it was indeed ready and because of the inconvenience (all of five minutes, I kid you not), we were upgraded to a beautiful corner room-5 windows around a curved wall. The amenities were new, elegant, trendy, and comfortable. The heated towel bar dried our soaked clothes! The included breakfast was a great start to each active day.We were one minute from the British Museum which let us visit whenever we had the urge to see something we missed last time out. We were five minutes walk from the theater district where we saw Priscilla, Queen of the Desert--amazingly good--and very close to a tube station. We figured out the buses too and as there are stops just around the corner, everything in town was within easy reach.We will stay here again--no doubt.	
Aug 21 2009 	Good hotel for a theatre break	We spent one night at this hotel having been transferred from the Kenilworth ( sister hotel) which did not have room for us. The hotel reception staff at both hotels were efficient, helpful and pleasant. The hotel booking was made as part of a theatre break package and it was certainly very convenient for the Dominion theatre and also the British Museum. Breakfast was good, with varied choices available from fruit to cooked buffet.. Our room was a quiet and comfortable twin but rather small and dark although, as we did not spend much time in the room, this was not an issue. The quiet air conditioning was much appreciated. The only suggestion I would make would be to clear the rubbish, including black bags and wooden palettes that we could see from the small window that looked out onto the internal service area. The fact that this was at the head of fire escape stairs was concerning.	
Aug 17 2009 	Ok- very small beds!	Hotel is in a great location walking distance of Oxford st and the theatres. We had booked a double room and when we got to our room we were just shocked by the size of the bed, it was so small! We called reception and they said they didn't have any other rooms, so on our way out I spoke to a guy- can't remember his name but began with a V I think! He said he could move us 2 another hotel- which we didn't want, he said to go out and come back see him later, which we did... He took us to the new room which was a corner room with 2 single beds- we took this room as it was bigger and decided we would get a better sleep with our own beds- would of preferred a big bed but was told they were full! Other than that everything was good. Breakfast was nice and lots of choice, staff were friendly and hotel was very modern. Only 2 things that I would say is, there are no plugs near the mirrors for dryers and straightners, and the hair dryer in room you have 2 hold a button down the whole time you want to use it. Would recommend this hotel with these things in mind.	
Aug 13 2009 	Wouldn't hesitate to come back	This is the first time I have stayed at a Radisson Edwardian Hotel and I would definitely return. Having stayed at a number of Hilton hotels before with a view to being loyal to one particular chain, I had noticed an inconsistency in the quality of their hotels and the appalling maintenance and housekeeping of the rooms and grounds in a couple we stayed in recently in Scotland, so we decided to try somewhere different. The online booking process was straightforward and provided a good room rate. The reception staff were friendly and efficient. The hotel exterior and communal areas were very well maintained and appeared immaculately clean and orderly. The room was immaculate and the housekeeping staff were polite and friendly when we spoke to them. The room was in an almost perfect state of repair and the air conditioning was quiet and kept our room comfortable during our stay which was during warm weather. My only minor negative comments would be that the shaving mirror in the bathroom was loose and the large towel rail wasn't working (turned off due to warm weather perhaps?). The reception on the large plasma screen in the room was quite poor however holidays aren't about watching television so this was no problem although if I'd been staying there alone on business this might have been an issue. The room was luxurious and quiet and the bed was very comfortable - almost too comfortable. The ice/water dispenser in the corridor was a nice touch too. The breakfasts were of a high quality with a varied range of foods (buffet/continental/fruits/yoghurts etc.) and the serving and bar staff were courteous and efficient. I hope that these high standards are maintaned as the hotel matures as I realise that it was recently refurbished. I will definitely be choosing one of their hotels over any Hilton when I stay away and hope that the the standards of the other hotels in this range are consistent with those in Bloomsbury Street. The nearest tube station was Tottenham Court Road (5 mins walk) and there are a few restaurants and takeaways around the hotel. The hotel is a short walk to Oxford Street and Russell Square. I would recommend the King Deluxe Room which we upgraded to on arrival. It had his/hers sinks and a glass partitioned wetroom which was huge and had a deluge showerhead as well as a regular showerhead. I'll definitely be back if I get the chance.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great location but customer service lacking.	Great ambience at this hotel and ideal location for Covent Garden,Oxford Street and Theatreland.Unfortunately some elements of the stay were disappointing.1.A bedside light was not working and despite 2 promises to rectify it nothing was done.2.The promised vouchers were not received until I returned home3. I did not receive the morning paper(Telegraph) I ordered the night before.The reason given was none were available to the hotel that day!!!No alternative was offered.4.Despite lots of staff being on duty at breakfast attention to detail was missing eg no butter /jams/marmalade...no replenishment of milk/coffee unless one got up from table to ask.Ordering from the menu was also difficult with noone coming to take orders...had to leave table to order.5.Although this was a more expensive hotel(chosen as a special occasion)I've had far better quality/choice /service at breakfast at the Holiday Inn!!!6.Ice machine in corridor did not work.However room was nice and comfortable and the evening meal and service were good.	
Aug 12 2009 	Excellent Hospitality !	I just wanted to say what a lovely weekend we had at the Bloomsbury Street hotel. It was my 30th birthday and some friends had travelled from the Isle of Man to stop with me in London. The comfort of the hotel really did help to make it a very memorable couple of days. All the staff were extremely hospitable and the rooms were really comfortable. The fried breakfasts in the mornings were a perfect start to the day and we very much liked the fact you could go up for second helpings !What really was the best thing about the hotel though was the location. I did think it was going to be a little further away from the Covent Garden/Charing Cross Road area but it was literally a five minute walk from the heart of Covent Garden and Theatre Land. It really is pefectly situated and it benefits from just being slightly out of all the hub bub.And finally, we all loved the ice dispensers in the corridors !!We'll definitely all go back again.	
Aug 10 2009 	Don't be fooled by the refurb some of the rooms are tiny and dark.	I stayed in thus hotel a few years ago before the refurb and it was so bad I never came back. I only decided to try it again because of a recommendation from a friend. I wish I hadn't bothered. I was offered three rooms all supposed to be doubles. All of them were small and dark and and one had a window that opened out onto a roof section that was covered with cigarette butts. After almost half an hour I have ended up with a room that looks onto a building site. There is no chest of drawers to put anything in, the wardrobe is tiny the safe deposit box too high and awkward to get to and - my pet hate- I cannot sit down in front of a mirror to dry my hair. The mirror is a thin strip above the desk and the chair is too low to let you se yourself in it. Were any women involved in designing the rooms? The lobby and public areas are flash, but other than being a bit cleaner and recently decorated, the rooms are still not up to much. I've cancelled my room for tomorrow night. The staff did their best and were courteous despite me being unhappy.	
Aug 6 2009 	Good Price Fab Location Super Front of House Team	Location great, front desk very welcoming, excellent parking service, room small typical London - but had ever thing we needed and tastefully decorated. Breakfast buffet very good selection shame breakfast staff seemed a bit disorganised. Room service didn’t sort out our super hot room air didn’t appear to be working they fobbed us off, wish now I’d gone down to front desk to sort but it was 2:00am. We had an early evening meal in the restaurant okish but not wow, not everything available on the menu. Would stay at the hotel again definitely due to location and very helpful friendly front desk, parking service and concierge.Added bonus free wireless internet access	
Aug 5 2009 	Elegant Sophisticated yet affordable	Dear traveler, The newly renovated Radisson Edwardian Bloomsbury Hotel, formerly the Marlborough, is located close to Covent Garden, Oxford Street and the British Museum. A Perfect Location! The moment I stepped into the lobby, I knew that I had made the right choice in choosing the Bloomsbury Street Hotel. The staff was very accommodating and friendly. The lobby is very spacious and simply decorated yet very sophisticated and tasteful. I had booked a king deluxe room and was shown several rooms from which to choose. When I saw the rooms, I was impressed at the size of the rooms, but I was also impressed with the size of the bathrooms. Each room had a flat screen TV, a mini bar and complimentary high-speed wireless internet access. The hotel and the rooms are immaculate and well-looked after. I would definitely, without reservation, recommend this hotel to all my friends and colleagues. I can hardly wait to revisit London this spring and stay at the Bloomsbury Street Hotel.  Curt Mortenson Los Angeles, CA.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great hotel service and location.	Travelled from Sweden to London on vacation. We stayed four of us in two rooms. All areas including the rooms were modern and recently refurbished. The air-conditioning worked fine. The hotel staff was very professional and helpful. Free wireless internet was a definite plus. It was very easy to get to and from the hotel with its convenient location close the British Museum and Subway stations. Walking distance to anywhere in Soho.I can definitely recommend it.	
Aug 4 2009 	Excellent location good hotel	For years when in London I've stayed near Great Russel st., British Museum, Tottenham Court Road Undeground Station, Soho and Fitzrovia. This hotel is right there, and that is the main reason I chose it. The hotel itself is in good conditions. We checked in very early and by 10:30 AM we had been given a room that didn't quite fit our expectations (low floor, a big fan as a &quot;view&quot;) but took it, had a nap and a shower and were then allowed to change to a better one. Size is jut OK, I guess fine for a London hotel. The bathroom was very comfortable. The above mentioned change of rooms was the only contact we had with the staff. It is a quite unpersonal hotel, don't expect to be greeted or the door opened for you, but anyway everything seems to work OK. We didn't have breakfast there (quite expensive) but there are plenty of places round the corner, and a small coffee shop exactly across the street where you can have a decent breakfast. All in all, a good experience.	
Aug 4 2009 	Hi quality rooms in the heart of London	The Edwardian Bloomsbury hotel is completely renovated, the rooms are fresh, very clean, modern and especally the bathrooms design is superior for this kind of price level.The hotel is value for money plus top location. We have not tried the kitchen.	
Aug 3 2009	Very convenient location for theatres	On arriving my 18 year old daughter and I were upgraded by Kumar to a deluxe room with king size bed as no twin beds were available as pre-booked on-line. Kumar was very welcoming and mentioned a note about theatre tickets. ( I had asked the hotel if they could book theatre tickets, I received an e-mail reply in the affirmative about a fortnight later by which time I had purchased the required tickets on-line). Our room was on the 4th floor. A long passage led to a separate wardrobe and desk area beyond which was the bedroom and en-suite bathroom. The bed was very comfortable, the room extremely spacious. There were many windows, all of which opened easily and the room was light and airy, air conditioning was also an option. The decor was subtle and added to the quietness of the room. The bathroom was large with a long bath and modern shower heads. The two way switch at each end of the passage didn’t work. The safe was on the top shelf of a tall wardrobe, I am tall and found it cumbersome to access. The buffet breakfasts were fantastic: fresh fruit, nuts pastries, cooked items, one felt spoilt for choice. The breakfast room had a lovely buzz to it and felt warm and welcoming, the staff were very attentive. The hotel is very conveniently located to the West End theatres, all of which are an easy stroll away and to the British Museum. Tottenham Court Road tube station is a few minutes walk away. Wi-fi wasn’t working when we arrived, we were told we could use the cable connection at a charge. The next morning wi-fi still wasn’t working, we were told we could use the computers in the business centre, a very small room, and both computers were in use. I then asked if we could use the cable connection for free and was told we could do this whilst the wi-fi was down. When we came to check out we were charged for our cable connection time (one hour) whilst wi-fi was down. We were also charged for two bottles of water from the mini bar which we hadn’t taken. The person checking us out was cold and aloof and seemed disinclined to believe us, even asking us to name the person who had given us permission to use cable connection for free. (She didn’t dispute the non availability of wi-fi). Fortunately Kumar happened to be strolling by and quickly reversed these charges. It did leave a sour taste in the mouth.	
Aug 1 2009 	A smart comfortable hotel with great service	I travel to London regularly for both business and pleasure and I always try to stay in Radisson Edwardians so I have stayed in several of them now. After a multi million pound refurb, the Bloomsbury St hotel (formally the Marlborough) is now very smart, comfortable and tranquil. The furnishings and linen are sumptuous and everything is very clean indeed. An acid test for me is always whether a hotel feels clean enough for me to walk on the carpet with bare feet and I certainly can here. The staff are extremely efficient and very friendly both at reception, in the restaurant and housekeeping. Would stay here anytime with my family and have recommended it to business colloeagues. A special thank you to Mr Mehra for sorting out my room booking problem on my last visit!	
Jul 29 2009 	Fabulous Hotel!!!!!!	Spend 4-5 weeks in London a year and have stayed at every hotel possible. The &quot;new&quot; Bloomsbury Hotel is the best of the best. Newly refurbished with stunnning rooms. Great location and best staff I've encountered. Though all the Radisson hotels are generally superior, this is their crown jewel.... The siutes are the most glamourous rooms I've ever seen in London.	
Jul 29 2009 	another lovely couple of days in London	we visited London for the second time in a few months to see a show and stayed at the Radisson Edwardian Bloomsbury St, once again the reception staff were curtious and helpful, the room was immaculate, although a little noisey ,as this time we had a room at the front, the sirens of police/ambulances was constant, perhaps triple glazing would be better at the front of the hotel... breakfast was great, no wait and plenty of everything.The hotel is just right for theatreland, easy walking distance to theatres, restaurants, pubs and Covent Garden, which we visited before heading home, to stay in a luxurious hotel, makes for a pleasant stay in London.	
Jul 29 2009 	Ideal central location for theatreland	Hotel is not too large to be impersonal, staff are friendly and polite. Whilst some rooms can be described as cosy (Small) they are all clean, comfortable and stylish. Some rooms can be noisy if the window is opened onto the one busy street adjacent to the side of the hotel. Very wide range of food for breakfast with fresh cooked egg dishes.The location is perfect for the British Museum, about 200yards (230 metres) and has good access to many of the Theatres by foot. Loads of small restaurants about and public transport is easily accessed.	
Jul 29 2009 	Thank you for another lovely stay.	Another overnight stay at this great hotel while visiting my mum and brother. Checkin quick and soon settled into room before seeing family. I stayed in a deluxe room which was of a good size but I do agree with comments that rooms do differ as I have experienced this for my self but was moved to a larger room when asked....I assume that would not have been impossible if their hadn't been one available so perhaps my views of this hotel could have been different. But I have to say that all rooms I have stayed in have always been well maintained and beautifully clean. TV has a wide choice of channels with good signal and the choice of movies fantastic......never had such a wide choice.The staff I have always found extremely friendly and helpful and nothing seems to much trouble. The position of the hotel is fantastic and if you were sightseeing everything is on your doorstep......something that you should be willing to pay for and compared to most central london hotels I feel the Bloomsbury is good value for money.I have eaten in the resturant once and it was great. I always have my breakfast sent to my room and I cannot fault this......a little added luxury that makes you feel even more special and the gentleman greets me like a long lost friend which is lovely.My brother and mum move from Gower Street soon but I will continue to stay at the hotel when visiting London. As a solo woman traveller I like to feel safe and secure and that is how I feel at the Bloomsbury	
Jul 25 2009 	Great Great Great	This hotel is very nice one. Rooms are quite big, people very kind. It has a nice bar just behind (hopefully because no much pub or restaurant around). Internet is free of charge and breakfast are quite ok. No much to say : nice place to stay for business!	
Jul 24 2009 	Great Location	Stayed at Radisson Bloomsbury for 7 nights,outstanding location, staff fantastic, bar open till late, Internet free &amp; wickedly fast. 5 minute walk to Soho &amp; Covent Gardens. several restaurants within within 3 mins walk, Laundry across the road, Museum 200m up the road. highly recommended	
Jul 23 2009 	Excellent stay	Excellent stay, so clean and comfortable, all the staff were lovely and friendly, breakfast was delicious and so fresh, will definitely go back	
Jul 23 2009 	Lovely Hotel for !st Wedding Anniversary	Stayed here last weekend for our 1st Wedding Anniversay. The room was a fair size for London, clean and well priced. Breakfast was fantastic. Lots of varied choice but rather pricey at £17 per person. The location is superb and perfect for us. Literally a stones throw from the british museam. Can see it from the enterence of the hotel! Also about a three minute walk to Tottenham Court Road Station. Overall this was a great hotel. We are both in our 20's and would thoroughly reccomend this hotel to all and will be returning when we next stay in London.	
Jul 21 2009 	perfect location - nice hotel	I frequently stay in this hotel and choose it because of the the very good location as well as for London it has got quiet spacious rooms (not to be compared with US-standards). The staff is professional and friendly and after the renovation of the hotel last year you feel like home. I surely recommend this hotel.	
Jul 20 2009 	Fantastic Location	We stayed here to go to Take That Concert Breakfast was fantastic Room was really lovely but I did book a Double and we Ended up with a twin the hotel was fully booked so we had to stick with it, but saying that we have had an offer from them that we can not refuse I will certainly be going back ;-)	
Jul 19 2009 	A beautiful hotel in the heart of London with a friendly team	This beautiful hotel is set in the centre of London and a stones throw away from the Shaftesbury Theatre and Oxford street. The hotel team were extremely friendly and helpful through out our stay.The food in the hotel restaurant was stunning.	
Jul 16 2009 	Rooms Very Small	Stayed here for two nights with my daughter - location is very good especially for theatre. The hotel is very nicely designed - modern decor but we felt the rooms were very small - we both ended up with bruises on our legs from hitting on the bed - really cramped. On the second night we asked for a bigger room and paid and extra £34 - we were moved to a room with a double bed and a blow up bed. OVerall I think the hotel was okay but I wouldn't stay here again.	
Jul 16 2009 	This beautiful hotel is a stones throw from londons famous oxford street.	Having arrived at this hotel we were greeted very warmly with a special welcome from Kumar the hotels public relations manager, who could not have done enough for us. As is was our first wedding aniversary Kumar had arranged for chocolates and strawberrys for our room which was very beautifully decorated and modern with all the mod cons you would expect from a radisson hotel ie. plazma tv mini bar and in room internet access. The food in this hotel is amazing and well priced, if your not sure what to have try a combination of the cooked meat and seafood platter that arrives in a lovely wooden box. Breakfast was also amazing. This hotel is located five minutes from the main shopping district of London which is the famous oxford street and the hotel is also very near the london underground subway, which will get you anywhere in london high speed rapid. The only downfall with this hotel is that the bar closes way to early, try throwing an irish man out of a pub at one o clock in the morning it doesnt go down well. Well done to all the staff here that made our visit so magical.	
Jul 15 2009 	I could not have picked a better hotel	The reception / lounge area was refreshingly cool during a hot spell outside. Staff are well mannered and pleasant and attentive. The room that I was in was very comfortable and there is a hearty breakfast in the morning. I didn't eat in the restaurant simply because there is excellent choice within minutes to the hotel. Also Covent garden is less then 10 minutes walk.The only downside was the morning paper that I ordered didn't arrive, but I made do with a complimentary daily.	
Jul 14 2009 	Very Nice Hotel good location	Upon arrival we were greeted by very efficient and professional staff. The hotel looks new and the decor is tasteful and modern.The room we were assigned was on the second floor and was a decent size. The bed was comfortable, and even though the room had three windows, it was very well insulated from the street noise. The location of the hotel is convenient to the center of London. We had breakfast included in our rate, and it was GREAT. Very good service and excellent food selection. Overall we were very satisfied with our stay	
Jul 14 2009 	Good Days	Had a lovely time and would most definatly do it again soon.	
Jul 12 2009 	This place makes Fawlty Towers look 5 stars - beware!!!	I don't know where to start with this review as it is sooooo bad. Firstly I arrived on a Friday evening and there was a Salsa party full of underage drinkers happening in the lobby (very loudly) - there was no use complaining as some of the attendees were staff as they came and went from the room behind the reception desk.After struggling from the taxi with several bags - there is no porter service, so you need to manage your own luggage - 3 people stood behind reception whilst I struggled to manouvre through the revolving door with all my bags.The fitout is very nice, and recently refurbished in an elegant manner - so after seeing the public rooms I was looking forward to seeing my room. I was shown to a twin room on the 3rd floor - (room 3004) - it seriously was about 2 metres square - with the 2 beds and a wardrobe there was no room for our bags and 2 adults to be in the room at the same time. But very nicely fitted out. I called reception to ensure that this was a superior room as I had paid extra for a superior over the standard and was told it was and when I enquired if all the rooms were this size was assured they were.The next day the shower blocked and flooded the room. Maintenance were quick to respond and said it happened regularly and they would immediately fix and dry the carpet in my room. I left for the day at 10am. When I returned at 7pm - the carpet was still sodden and all they had done to dry the carpet was open the window. I complained and asked to be moved to another room as I was staying for a week. They argued for a while about not having other rooms and so I said I would check out then as I was not prepared to stay in a wet room - and miracously they found another room for me.My new room was on the 7th floor and was about 4 times the size of my previous room - so much for all rooms being the same size. The next day I told them my airconditioning wasn't working - the thermostat said 19 degrees so it would cut out after 1 or 2 minutes, when in fact it was about 28 degrees. After 3 maintenance guy visits they all said it was fine and they hadn't done anything. Finally the concierge Kumar came to help - and he was the ONLY person in the hotel who had any sense of service ethic. He got it fixed and did everything he could to try and improve my stay. If it wasn't for him I would have checked out at this stage.The list of complaints goes on so I will summarise:-tried to order room service from the menu in my room but was told they don't actually have the food on the menu (pizza etc) - just sandwiches. When I said 'whats the point of the menu then?', they didn't care.-asked for a taxi to be ordered to take me to a business meeting - took 40 minutes for them to understand the address, I even had to log onto google maps and print it for them and take it down to reception. (and this is supposedly an english speaking country!)-booked a meeting room in the function centre for 6 hours supposedly with tea, coffee and water - they didn't offer tea or coffee once during the 6 hours or even refill the water, there were no staff visible at all -after having a very nice muesli for breakfast on the first morning, I enquired for it on the next morning and they said they had run out - never appeared again for the rest of the week. Likewise the coffee making machine broke on the Monday and wasn't fixed again for the remainder of the week I was there.All in all a nice looking hotel - but the service levels are what you expect of a 3 star hotel - they have no idea of what 5 star service is, and given it was in excess of 250 pounds most nights certainly not what you pay for. I usually stay in the Charlotte Street hotel, and tried here for a change but it was a big mistake.Beware - if you are used to good service you will not like anything about his hotel - it is amatuer hour on every level.	
Jul 10 2009 	Great value in great location	i have stayed there twice this year and will stay again next time i am in london for leisure. the location is great, only a short walk from tottenham court road/ oxford street and covent garden/ leicester square - all of the rest can be easily reached by bus and tube.hotel and rooms are newly refurbished in a modern and trendy style. the first time i got upgraded without noticing it and got a spacious, quiet room. the second time the room was significantly smaller, but still not too bad for london standards and certainly large enough for a city hotel stay. the great thing about radisson is they offer free wifi service - a thing that most other hotel chains lag behind and makes their rates great value in comparison to other hotels where you have to pay extra for it.another plus: staff are very friendly and go out of their way to assist customers.	
Jul 7 2009 	A warm welcome and a very comfortable stay!	Having stayed in Radisson hotels in the USA, I was interested to see how a London hotel would compare. My wife and I were not disappointed! Our room was immaculately clean, comfortable and well provided with refreshments and entertainment facilities (including some late-night &quot;street theatre&quot; courtesy of the Met Police and an agressive scooter rider!). The air conditioning guaranteed a comfortable sleep on a very humid night. The hotel restaurant menu looked very impressive, if not a little pricey, but there are a number of good restaurants and bars within a few minutes' walk of the front door. For those reliant on public transport, the hotel is a very short walk from two London Underground stations and the area is well served by cabs and buses.A short walk also takes you right into the heart of Covent Garden and the British Museum is also very close by.	
Jul 5 2009 	An efficient and relaxing experience'	I travel to London on business at least once a month and often more and discovered this Radisson when it was th venue for a meeting I attended. Sine then, it has been substantially refurbished and it shws!I now stay there every time I come to London and I combine business and pleasure by staying tehre either before or after a business appointment. I have stayed in a veriety of rooms all of which have all been excelently appointed, some with great views of London with the starting point being the British Museum across the road. Significantly, weather permitting, it is a pleasant walk to Euston from the hotel and only round the corner from Oxford Street with easy access to shops and theatres.If I had a gripe it would be that room service could be better in terms of the food being kept hot but the staff do their best to help in this regard and are fast and efficient at delivering fod and drinks.I am always made welcome and staff on reception treat me s a regular customer and actualy appea to remember me rom last time! This is a luxury hotel wher I feel 'special' with staff ready to respond to any request fro service. I am always disappointed if I am unable to get a room there so I book early to avoid disappointment!	
Jun 30 2009 	Modern hotel in good location	Helpful and attentive staff; good location and impressive decor. Our room was a good size (king deluxe) and the bathroom was very modern &amp; had a great rainfall shower. It's central to oxford st &amp; the british museum. Just round the corner there's a great french restaurant &quot;Savoir Faire&quot; and the food is fantastic. It's a little quirky decor wise but great food and very competitively priced. Could not recommend it high enough.	
Jun 29 2009 	Top Class	Must be one of the best hotels in London for quality, service and value. Gotta agree with others who have raved about the place. Very nicely modernised, with every touch included. Asked for a quiet room and it was. Nice size, very comfortable, well away from the main roads, with great double glazing and soft carpets that dampened any noise from the hallway. I liked the simple touches that make a hotel that much better: not just free wireless, but a couple of machines availble for the general user. Ice/water dispensers at each floor. Fresh strawberries, raspberries, quality cream yoghurts at breakfast, etc. Can't praise the staff enough. They would do anything to make your stay a pleasant experience; from Mercedes at the check-in on arrival through to Gary the concierge helping with issues even after I left. Many thanks to you all.	
Jun 29 2009 	Oh yes this is more like it!!!	This hotel seems opulent and boutique-y when you enter, and you may think it's a bit too clinical looking because of the black marble foyer - but trust me, this place ROCKS! I was booked into this hotel as my original choice was unavailable and I am SOOO glad! The staff were brilliant - welcoming and professionally friendly. My room was compact without being poky, beautifully decorated, fresh and comfortable with an excellent bathroom. I had my breakfast delivered up to my room for a very reasonable charge - and when I left the next morning the helpful staff and the charming concierge gave me a map to find where my meeting was taking place, and directions for the quickest, safest route. Such warmth and helpfulness was a surprise, and I am very glad I was booked in there instead of my original choice! I want to go back!!!	
Jun 27 2009 	Beautifully and completely remodeled modern ideally located.	This is a very, very nice property that appears to be completely refurbished (not simply remodeled!) Our room was really perfect for our needs. The bathrooms, with their rain-style shower heads and marble or granite construction was definately a highlight. The British Museum is less than a block away. There is a small convenience store across the street. There is a bus stop 1/2 block away and the Tottenham Court Road subway station is about 2 blocks away. There are theaters within walking distance, a major YMCA health club, many restaurants, shopping, and other retail stores. The St. Pancras international rail station is nearby. If you are in London for business or pleasure, you really can't go wrong by staying here.	
Jun 27 2009 	cramped	room was very small, can get better hotels for the same price ..very avg	
Jun 27 2009 	One of the best london hotels I have stayed in.	Our fantastic experience at the Radisson began as soon as we arrived .After a very early flight from Belfast we were allowed our room from arrival at 1100 am. The staff were friendly , hotel was immaculate , room was very well appointed with superior views and an excellent bathroom.Right in the centre of all the theatres , an underground station a short walk away our only regret is not staying longer.Highly recommended we would certainly stay here again when visiting London.	
Jun 26 2009 	Excellent service at the Radisson Edwardian Bloomsbury	My stay at the Radisson Edwardian Bloomsbury Street hotel in London has been very plaisant due to the extraordinary friendliness, service and attention of the entire staff. The restaurant is excellent. The hotel is also situated in probably the most pleasant area of London, close to the British Museum, Russell Square, Bloomsbury square, and in walking distance of Covent Garden. This is a real winner for a plaisant and rewarding stay in London.	
Jun 26 2009 	Nice and modern hotel	Centrally located and modern. Good service. Food average.	
Jun 22 2009 	Luxury and service reliable and friendly	HiI like to try and stay here when i am in london. I am a lady and i travel on my own - this place is safe, friendly and cool.Rooms lovely and nice smellies - the bathrooms do not disappoint. Clean bedding and great room service.I arrived on a late sunday evening and needed to print some bits for an event the next day. The two chaps on reception were brilliant - they sorted it all out for me and I emailed them the docs and even thought the format was wrong - they sorted it all out for me and did me lots of copies.Breakfast coffee is great also and I got porridge on request.I will be staying again soon.L	
Jun 19 2009 	Felt like a Boutique Hotel......no sterile chains here!!!!	When you walk in it feels different from the normal chain hotels immediately. Very chique but not overly so. The bar area greats you and the check in staff and concierge were particularly helpful and polite.My room was one of the best I have stayed in and the room was enormous with lovely furnishings and wonderful bathroom......all you need PLUS a massive flatscreen TV!!!!!Down in the bar the staff were really attentive and the atmosphere relaxed.Didnt experience the restaurant but if it was like the rest of the experience it would be worth a visit	
Jun 19 2009 	Excellent service well located	I have used this hotel many times over several years which will tell you that I have a high regard for it and the service that I have consistently received. With the disruption of a major refurbishment now long passed, I can confirm that all concerned have sought not only to maintain service quality to the previous high levels but have managed to exceed them. I find the front-of-house reception always welcoming and helpful, without becoming overbearingly obsequious, while any query or request has without fail received the necessary attention.Rooms are spacious and well equipped (including air conditioning), with suitable sound-proofing to keep the traffic noise to a minimum.The hotel is ideally situated to allow walking access to the varied delights of Theatreland, Oxford Street, Covent Garden and Soho while the proximity (5 mins) of Tottenham Court Road station allows easy entry to the underground system.Finally, given the general excellence of service, I must nevertheless make special mention of Kumar, the Guest Relations Manager, and Aaron in the breakfast room, for their helpfulness and willingness to engage with guests, thereby setting an exceptional standard of customer care for their colleagues to match.	
Jun 16 2009 	Nice hotel but poor management	On arrival we were given a room that did not match the reservation - a small dark room with only one small window at the end of a deep alcove that opened directly onto a noisy installation (ventilation system?). We phoned to reception for another room and we were quickly offered another and better room. We were told it was also an upgrade but it only seemed more like the standard we had reserved in the first place. Within just about 15 minutes there was knocking on the door from two men who said they were maintenance staff in response to a reported leak. Having heard of tricksters saying they were maintenance staff to come into rooms, we said we would have to call reception to check. Meanwhile a manager came and confirmed it was genuine and one of the men made a quick check of the bathroom but found nothing amiss.Next day we returned to the room at about 2pm to find the key-cards didn't work and a passing maid couldn't make them work either, so we had to go to reception and get new ones, and when we got in our room found it hadn't been made up. Apparently, housekeeping hadn't been informed the room was now occupied (although we had switched on the green light to indicate the room was ready for cleaning).Next day the same thing happened - the key-cards didn't work and a manager had to bring up a third set. This time the room was made up but there were no cups replaced so we had to phone down again for some. We didn't bother to complain about the tv not working properly (channels would suddenly cut out and/or the picture break up).On departure we were told an email with apologies would be sent to us, but one never came (now 9 days ago). The hotel was otherwise of a good standard in a good location, and the staff was very friendly and helpful in their manner, but over all the experience was not what we had expected for a 4 star hotel in the West End.	
Jun 15 2009 	What a lovely upgraded hotel !	Stayed for 2 nights on the way back from St. Petersburg - prepaid internet rate was 345 pounds for 2 nights inclusive of taxes, complimentary newspaper but excluded breakfast but included complimentary internet in the rooms. Hotel has just recently undergone major refurbishment and was really nice and very well furnished with a separate walk in closet area. Room was not spacious but was very adequate. Location was excellent for access to Covent Garden and the West End. We love West End shows and the restaurants at Covent Garden and Chinatown - all within a 10 min walk.	
Jun 15 2009 	Very comfortable stay	Stayed for 2 nights in a superior room, which although a little small, was very comfortable and clean.The bathroom was spacious, clean with an excellent shower.The breakfast was reasonable enough, and included in our room rate. The cooked English breakfast could have been a little warmer, and I would have been disappointed if I had paid the £17 menu price. However, tried the pancake option the next morning, which was very nice. However, there were a good choice of additional breakfast options, and service was quick and attentive.As has been mentioned, very convenient for both the British Museum and Covent Garden, and short taxi drive to St Pancras station for Train and Euro Tunnel links.We found the staff to be very pleasant indeed, and credit to the barstaff who whipped up a mean Mojito. Didn't try the restaurant but the bar meals were very agreeable.Will be our London hotel of choice for future visits	
Jun 12 2009 	Great service in ideal spot	Excellent service from a friendly and knowledgable team. Will definately use again if up again	
Jun 12 2009 	Ideal location with exellent help from the Hotel staff	We came with freinds for a Westend show and arrived very early but our rooms where vacant so checked in the where Staff so very helpful , the rooms very modern with all we needed ( very quiet hard to find in hotels these days ) We had all our meals at the hotel very good choice both breakfast &amp; dinner and on departure we left out luggage for the whole day until train time home an excellent experience all round we will stay again .	
Jun 7 2009	excellent hotel cool design more like a boutique hotel . pricey but its London	We had an excellent stay, the hotel staff were excellent, the design of reception area and bar is fantastic. we were given a smoking room instead of non smoking, but the staff were delightful and the manager attended to the problem.The bar super, even if just one person you could go and sit in it, very sumptuous.Fabulous location, near oxford st, covent garden and many other places.Make sure you book early to get good price as it is expensive. although not too bad for London.	
Jun 4 2009 	The perfect weekend!	Our trip to London was to see We Will Rock You (a brilliant show and one I would definitely recommend) and to meet friends. On our arrival at the hotel our room wasn't quite ready and immediately tea and coffee appeared with compliments of the hotel. I absolutely loved the little cast iron teapot. The staff were very helpful and friendly and nothing was too much trouble. Our room, an upgrade, was very spacious and extremely comfortable and our walk in rain shower was huge. Bliss! As someone with MS, space to move around easily is essential and I later realised we'd been moved to a much nicer room so I owe the reception manager (I think that's his title) a huge thank you. I appreciate all the extra effort he went to.The breakfast was exceptionally good and the breakfast manager (I think that was his title) who had served us the tea and coffee the previous day had obviously remembered our conversation because porridge appeared almost without me having to order it. Scrumptious. The cooked buffet was hot, very fresh and had an excellent selection. My husband said it was the best breakfast he'd had in a hotel in a long time. The cold buffet was just as good and there was plenty of different freshly cut fruit to choose from. An excellent start to the day.The hotel is walking distance, even for someone with MS, to Covent Garden and the West End so the location is brilliant and there is lots to see and do nearby. If you can't walk that far there are lots of bikes that could be hired and take you wherever you need to go and they're more fun than a taxi. The British Museum is just across the road and the garden is a really nice place to sit and people watch or just experience the beautiful building and artefacts.It was the perfect weekend and we are already planning another theatre trip. We will definitely go back to the hotel again and hopefully very soon. Thank you to all the staff who made our stay perfect!	
Jun 3 2009 	good service rooms really only for 2	great service rooms suitable for 2 only cleangreat location	
Jun 2 2009 	Outstanding Service	I stayed at the Hotel as part of a two day meeting and i was very impressed at the level of service, the standards set and the fantastic facilties the hotel had to offer.The staff was very polite and helpful and put themselves out to help in anyway they could.Rooms was superb, clean, spacious and had all the mod cons (Internet, Wireless Access, Large LCD TV etc)One of the best parts is the meals served in the restaurant, which had been prepared to the highest standards and food that caterred for everyones taste. Overall top marks, and i will certainly use the hotel again in the near future.	
May 31 2009 	Stylish comfortable friendly efficient staff	This hotel is situatred in the heart of theatre land. It is clean and stylish. The staff are very helpful, friendly and efficient. I enjoyed my stay in this hotel and would definitely advise others to go.	
May 25 2009 	Great location	Friendly,clean and central hotel with comfortable and small but good bathroom	
May 23 2009 	A comfortable new hotel in a good location	We stayed a few nights in March. The hotel is very newly refurbished and has modern decor. The room was quite small, but not sure how this compares in London. The bathroom was enormous and fantastic (except for the hairdryer which - bizarrely - is powered into a draw in the wardrobe in the bedroom!). The hotel is walking distance to British Museum, Covent Garden, Oxford Street etc. It's a good base for exploring on foot. The internet didn't work when we were there, but we could use the internet at the sister hotel just across the street. When we checked out they charged the wrong rate - saying the rate fluctuates daily! After a few minutes and after they checked the rate on the check-in form and my booking confirmation it was fixed and the overcharging refunded - so no major dramas - but suggest guests keep an eye on it when checking out.	
May 22 2009 	Perfect Location	Shopping or theatre land ? This is the hotel. Just a few minutes easy walk to shops/ theatres./museums. In fact from here you could walk to almost any London attraction but buses and underground are on hand. Totally renovated to a very high standard, staff really helpfull. Full Breakfast has everything you could want. Very good value for money	
May 20 2009 	Very nice hotel - much better than anticipated	We originally booked at the Radisson Edwardian Kenilworth but, on arrival, were redirected to the Bloomsbury Street hotel which was just across the road.The hotel has been refurbished recently and is in first class condition in the rooms and in the public areas. The rooms are of a reasonable size for a short stay (slightly larger than many I have stayed in) and are very modern, clean and well equipped.Reception staff were efficient and helpful and all other staff were very friendly.The hotel is conveniently located for Covent Garden and the West End theatres.	
May 19 2009 	They've got it absolutely right	I booked the hotel for a romantic birthday treat for my wife. I paid a bit more for a deluxe room, but boy was it worth it. The room was a reasonable size, much larger than I'm use to in London. The decor was modern and fresh and the room spotlessly clean. My wife is always fussy about the bathroom and even she couldn't find anything to complain about!!! There were no cups in the room to make tea/coffee, mentioned it to reception and it was rectified by the time we got back, so really not a problem. We were going out for afternoon tea and the theatre so didn't get a chance to sample the restaurant and was gutted when we saw the menu as I think we missed a great opportunity, the menu sounded great and very reasonable, the head chef, Redmond Hayward has an excellent reputation and I would urge you to try the menu as I think it would be worth it. If you haven't booked yet, why not?????	
May 18 2009 	much much better	Having stayed at this hotel in March and being very disappointed. I was persuaded by the hotel manager to give them a second chance.This time the hotel was faultless. Check in was quick and painless, and after about 15 mins of being in my room room service arrived with a bowl of fruit and a bottle of wine. Which was a nice touch. The room was comfortable and quiet. And the bar was the same as before. friendly staff and not too overpriced for a West End bar. In fact everytime I walked by a member of staff they greeted me with a smile and a cheery hello.The location of this hotel is excellent. Just a short walk to Soho where I always have a great time.I will definately be going back soon.	
May 17 2009 	Superb Hotel and Great Staff	having arrived after an overnight flight from the US into Heathrow and heading into central London was pleasantly surprised that at 9.30am the front desk team had a room ready for me.The receptionist was helpful and gracious and check in was speedily completed.2nd pleasant surprise was the room - newly refurbished, well laid out and clean.After a quick unpack and shower in the well appointed bathroom i hit the mattress for a sound 3 hour sleep.Room facilities were excellent and the in-room directory informative. The quiet ambiance of the lounge bar was the perfect way to have a pre- sleep tippleChecking out the following day, I was able to leave my luggage securely as I did around 4 hours of shopping.Can not praise the staff highly enough - made me feel welcome and I will hopefully be back in the near future.	
May 16 2009 	The best stay in London I have ever had!	This hotel was a dream, I stayed for a long weekend with 3 girlfriends and it was made very memorable by the quality of the rooms we had and the friendly efficient service we received. The location was ideal, within easy walking distance of top London attractions and hot shopping spots. We enjoyed days out aided by the concierge who gave us loads of tips on where to go and how to get there, and knew we would end our day in the comfort of the beautifully decorated and comfortable lounges, bar and bedrooms of the hotel. Thank you to everyone there for making it the best trip to London I have ever had!	
May 13 2009 	Great hotel within walking distance of Covent Garden	I recently stayed in this very modern hotel which has been totally refurbished from last year and the standard of rooms and service is first class. A large selection at breakfast and very tasty fresh food. The staff were very friendly and courteous. It is in a superb location as it only takes about 10 -15 minutes to walk to Covent Garden and Leicester Square. Overall I thoroughily enjoyed my stay and will definitely visit again.	
May 11 2009 	Jersey boys trip	Booked the hotel because of is proximity to the Prince Edwards theatre. Hotel was excellent, staff lovely and location great. Would recommend it.Jersey Boys was also amazing. Woudl use Hotel again ,and go to the show again.Also if you want the British Museum, couldn't be closer - just cross the road, and about 200yards along, you're there.	
May 10 2009 	A superb hotel for a lady on business travelling alone	The team at the hotel were excellent. Professional, polite and polished. A lovely hotel, excellent cuisine with beatifully furnished and highly clean and comfortable rooms. I would love to stay here again with my family on a holiday trip to the city.	
May 2 2009 	A Great London choice	Near to Tottenham Court Road Subway Station. 100 m to British Museum.50 m to Oxford Street.Great continental breackfast.	
Apr 24 2009 	Everything that you want but don't expect from a London Hotel	Arrived at 11.00 to be welcomed &amp; told my room was ready, not what I'm used to. Staff extremely polite &amp; efficient. Everything in Hotel is brand new &amp; it shows. Breakfast was one of the best I have had, all hot &amp; fresh, eggs cooked to order &amp; correctly (again a welcome change)Location is ideal, 2 mins from Tottenham Court Road Tube. If you are in London, it is worth paying for a quality hotel &amp; in this caser, that is exactly what you get!	
Apr 8 2009 	Very very comfortable beautifully refurbished in great location	The Radisoon Bloomsbury was an excellent hotel in London. It has been beautifully refurbished, the rooms are gorgeous, the staff are attentive and breakfast is lovely. Very close to the theatre district so take a show in while you stay there!	
Apr 6 2009 	Friendly comfortable and convenient	The hotel is situated a slight walk away from Tottenham Court Road, and although difficult to find initially, the staff are welcoming and pleasant. I have stayed here on two different occasions, once booking a Queen Suite, and once being offered an upgrade to a Kings Suite. Both visits were extremely friendly, reception and room service staff were delightful and offered advice on surrounding areas, as were management who were quick to help with any problems.For people travelling with partners, the rooms are ideal and cosy, quiet and comfortable. The hotel becomes an ideal break from the hectic city life, and yet everything remains at a close distance if needed.	
Apr 3 2009 	Solid comfort.	Emerging from its major refurbishment, Radisson's fresh Bloomsbury Street Hotel (former Marlborough) offers comfortable accommodation, great breakfasts, a fine restaurant, attentive and courteous staff, in a convenient central London location. Size, comfort, work area, and storage space of individual rooms varies.	
Mar 31 2009 	very welcoming hotel with excellent positions and value for money	I stayed for few weeks in this hotel. The young staff was just incredibly welcoming and helpfull (special thank to Monika from the front desk helping me out with many issues I faced during my long term stay in this hotel). Beside that the hotel is just 2 minutes walk from Oxford Streed. I definately recomend this place.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great experience	One of the best city centre hotels I have ever stayed in. I have never stayed in London before but have travelled to many European and North American cities. The room was not the biggest, but was very good. Tastefully decorated and furnished and had everything needed for a short city break, iron, hairdrier, mirrors in useful places, good lighting etc. The bathroom also was excellent, good shower and plenty of room for toiletries. Location also was great for theatre, transport and places of interest. Picked for proximity to Royal Opera House. Staff friendly and helpful.Would use this hotel again and would recommend without hesitation.	
Mar 30 2009 	Excellent hotel in perfect location	My husband and I stayed here on a recent trip to London to see a show and we were not dissapointed. The hotel is easily found if you travel to Tottenham Court Road tube station and perfectly located for Theatreland - 5-10mins to Shaftesbury Ave. We arrived early but booking in was not a problem - room was very nice if not a little small but it had everything that was needed and you could tell it had recently been refurbished. We ate in the hotel that evening and had a very reasonably priced meal - they even ensured that we were served quickly to ensure we got out in plently of time for the show. The only slight problem was we made a reservation in advance and they had no record of this - however it was not a problem and they got us a table very quickly. All in all an excellent hotel in a great location for a very reasonable price. Will definately stay again!	
Mar 28 2009 	Too bad about the service	Nice hotel. Great location. Nothing quite works. We stayed here for 8 nights... room upgrade gave us an extra long hallway to the bed room, and we had to ask for everything. Case in point(s): coffee is provided on first day, but you have to haggle for it after that, business centre consists of two old (er) PCs on a shelf, no printing, the internet in the room works if you wander around and get a signal and it constantly shuts out, and room cleaning consists of NOT cleaning any of the glasses/cups one uses but making the bed, and finally, if you order room service, be prepared to wait for it to come from YORKSHIRE. That said, bathroom was a really nice size and the gym was very much usable. Concierge decidedly absent.	
Mar 27 2009 	Great Location - Wonderful Accomodations	This was my first trip to London and my first encounter with European hotels (room-size!)I traveled there with my 15 year old son and we requested a twin room. We were not offered any upgrades at arrival - but that was OK. We were granted early check-in which was great. After flying all night, riding the tube from Heathrow, and then walking from the station, we needed to just rest for an hour or two. The room was small, but very nice. The beds were nice and firm. My son did not like his pillow - for some reason he got a down pillow and the feathers kept poking him in the face. The bathroom was lovely! No problem with the water pressure at all. We opted to include breakfast with our room - and that was a good decision. Never had to wait and the staff were very pleasant. You could choose from the buffet or special order if you wished. Good supply of fruit, cereal, etc. We had room service 2 evenings and the food was delicious. I do wish though that they would have larger size sodas and use more ice!The hotel is in a great location. One block from the British Museum, 10 minutes from Covent Garden, 5-10 minutes from Soho. Lots of restaurants and shops around. The stop for the double-decker tour bus is right down the street.The staff were all very friendly. Gary, the concierge, was extremely helpful with information about tours, where to exchange money, and just general information. There must have been some construction going on - because we were woken every morning by banging and drilling. Good thing that we are early risers. Our room overlooked an apartment building - so no street noise. But, not much of a view. We most likely could have switched rooms - but I didn't see the point.The hotel has a &quot;business center&quot; - 2 computers in an alcove; but, they were easily accessible. Wireless internet is free at the hotel - which is a plus. Many other hotels charge around 20 pounds a day.Overall, a wonderful hotel and I would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 26 2009 	Nice surprise	was concerned what to expect , but was very nicely surprised with this modern hotel, decent room sizes ( especially for London) and good service. Likely to be rechecking in, especially with good location for Covent Gardens	
Mar 22 2009 	We enjoyed our stay immensely.	We are from Canada and stayed eight days. This was previously an older hotel that has now been totally and beautifully renovated. Our room was bright (lots of windows), spacious (for London standards) and well-appointed including the bathroom with it's contemporary fixtures, marble and glass features. The hotel staff were attentive, cheerful, hard working and very accommodating, even to promptly hailing cabs for us when time was tight. The concierge was very helpful arranging tours, dinner reservations and general advice about London. The morning host in the dining room had us seated promptly and easily attended to any dietary differences. The breakfast was great....fresh, tasty and appealing. It was nice each morning to have 2 London newspapers plus the Wall Street Journal available to us. The housekeeping staff were very efficient however lots of corridor noise in the mornings especially when we tried to sleep late! The front desk staff, while very pleasant, appeared somewhat disorganized and the internet/computers in the business centre were largely inoperative during our stay which was quite inconvenient since we were travelling without laptops (NB: we've since contacted the management about the housekeeping/corridor noise and the front desk/business centre issues and we were promptly reassured that both are now under control). The location is easy walking distance to almost anything in central London...Brit Museum one block away, Covent Garden, Leicester, Trafalgar, &quot;Tate&quot;, a multitude of great shops, restaurants and theatre. We look forward to a return visit to London and staying at this hotel.	
Mar 21 2009 	One blip expertly remedied; will be back	We booked direct through the Radisson website and the rate was reasonable for a hotel of this standard in this great location. We were there for our anniversary and the blip was that the concierge did not supply the flowers my partner had ordered in advance of my arrival which was a disappointment but the desk staff handled it expertly with a complimentary treat from room service. The hotel has been refurbished beautifully and our room was a wee bit tight but had a huge bathroom. One niggle which might put off light sleepers is the almost constant drone from an air vent in the bathroom; this does not seem to be controllable and might be part of the central air conditioning system. The staff appear to be expertly trained and the charming young man who delivered our treat was testament to this as was the professional young woman on the front desk who dealt with our complaint.The location is great and if we secure the same sort of deal again (or better) we will certainly be happy to use it as a base for a London weekend or on business.	
Mar 19 2009 	Great location price and quality!	Though the rooms are small (which is expected in London), they were very well decorated, clean, and included all the emenities.	
Mar 19 2009 	An excellent place to stay	We were well looked after from arrival to departure in this very stylishly furnished though still comfortable hotel.The food was was of a high standard as was the service.	
Mar 16 2009 	Great hotel Location 	We only stayed one night but chose the hotel as it offered good value and a location just a few minutes walk from Oxford Street &amp; Covent Garden. Staff were very efficient, especially the Concierge. Bar stays open until 2a.m. Drinks are pricey but the norm for hotels in Central London. We didn't eat Breakfast so can't comment on the food. Very sleek and modern rooms. Great showers etc. Would definately stay again!	
Mar 12 2009 	Ideal location for trip to the theatre and close to covent garden.	We chose this hotel because of its location to the theatre and found it to be only five mintues away!! Also close to Covent Garden and othertheatres, and Im sure we will stay here again for that reason. Hotel room was very comfortable and clean.	
Mar 8 2009 	Great Hotel Good Location	Excellent Hotel in a good location, great for theatre breaks.The hotel has recently been renovated to an excellent standard, bright and airy. The check in procedure was nice and simple with pleasant staff, although one member of the staff struggled to understand simple English, annoying but par for the course in London. Faulty Towers moments a plenty.The room we stayed in (deluxe queen) was on the first floor and was nicely decorated, ample sized and equipped with everything you'd need, except... a mirror near to a power point which really frustrated my other half as she needed to use her GHD's before facing the world. However being ingenious (and desperate) she managed to unscrew the shaving mirror in the bathroom using nothing but her bare hands and taking it into the bedroom... I would have just rang the concierge who I'm sure would have found one from somewhere!The wall mounted flat screen tv was ok but had limited channels couldn't even get the news which some people might find annoying. The bed was really comfy big enough for the queen in fact...The bathroom in our room was enormous with lots of hanging space. Unfortunately though, the bath over flow had become lose meaning water would have leaked onto the granite floor. Fortunately for Radisson I fixed it prior to using the fantastic shower which i could have stayed in all day... if i had the time i would have ! The bath was tiny and shallow which was a real shame as the bathroom was so large and opulent the small bath kind of let it all down.We didnt bother paying for the breakfast as we thought £17 per head each day was not worth it. Instead we popped around the corner onto Oxford Street and had a full breakfast and drinks for £7 each.The bar was about average for London price wise, about £9 for 2 small bottles of Magners and the service was what you'd expect in splendid surroundings.We did use room service one night but after 11pm the menu was a bit limited.We had a chicken salad baguette and chips for about £10, but it had to be done...We went to see Chicago which was only a 10 min walk away to the south and very easy to find on foot, Euston Station was only round the corner and about £8.0 in a cab. The nearest tube is just around the corner, Tottenham court road.All in all we had an excellent stay at this hotel and would not hesitate recommending to a friend, no doubt we would stay there again.	
Mar 7 2009 	A London Hotel With Personality!	London hotels are often overpriced with poor or barely adequate service and whilst this one isn't cheap, it doesn't leave a nasty taste in your mouth when you check out.The hotel has been completely refurbished and whilst the rooms (like most London hotel rooms) aren't large, these are really very stylish, as are the public areas.It's also in a fantastic location - a ten minute walk from Leicester Square and literally two minutes from the British Museum.Check in was friendly and professional. We were offered an upgrade for a 'discounted' rate, which we took - not sure I'd bother next time but Carmen on the front desk was quite persuasive and effectively earnt the hotel an extra £60. :-) We asked for a change of room, because the first room we were allocated was on the front of the hotel and we'd asked for a quiet room when we made the original booking. This was done immediately without attitude and we were phoned later to ensure we were happy with our room. Our 'deluxe' room was very nice with a king sized bed and large bathroom. And although it probably didn't warrant the extra cost (it didn't include a separate shower cubicle, for example) it did come with a lot of the 'niceties' including king sized bed, bath robes, mini bar and safe.We dined in the restaurant, which (again for London) we thought offered good value for money. It cost about £50.00 per head for three courses with wine, but the food was excellent and interesting. I had the lamb, which comprised beautifully cooked lamb fillets and a mini Moussaka - it was without doubt one of the top three dishes I've eaten this year. (And we do eat out a lot!)And although breakfast was the standard buffet affair, it was better than most.The second night we booked theatre tickets on the way back from a business meeting, which left us just 60 minutes to each and change. We ordered room service explaining our predicament and, as promised, it arrived within 20 minutes. Exceptional service again.As I've hinted, the thing that really set this hotel apart from all of the others I've stayed at in London over the last 10 years was the fact that the hotel seems to have worked hard to find and train staff who are polite, professional and friendly! In fact everyone we had contact with within the hotel was excellent and worked hard to make our stay enjoyable and problem free. Julia who acted as Maitre D on both days was fun and personable. The gentleman who looked after us at dinner was very friendly as were the bar staff too. This wasn't the usual anonymous customer service you get in large hotels - all of these people asked questions, engaged in conversation and showed an interest in their customers. In short this was service with personality, which sadly is all too rare.This will definitely be the first hotel I consider for future trips to London.	
Mar 6 2009 	Extraordinary in every way	As you walk in a young dynamic team of receptionists welcome you to this modern, &quot;fen shuei feel&quot; hotel in the heart of London´s West End, next door (and I mean across the street) from the British Museum. Rooms were spotless, the bathrooms lovely and with large rain-like shower head. Flat screen TV's and free in room WIFI. Check in and out were hastle-free. And the hotel is walking distance from Covent Garden, Chinatown, Leicester Square.....	
Mar 5 2009 	Electrocution... No Heat... at a 4-star hotel!	Awful. When I arrived, I was offered a room upgrade. I decided it was a decent offer. How wrong was I... My room had no heat. I discovered a leak coming through a light socket in the shower... while I was in it!!!! Asked room service three times over a period of three days to clear out the mini-bar with no success. Finally had to go directly to the concierge to have him send someone up immediately to take care of it. Had multiple line item charges on my bill because of the above-mentioned mini-bar fiasco. No communication happening between day shift and night shift. Oh, and did I mention, the habit of housekeeping of leaving behind dirty dishes... Three days in a row and counting. Please, can I have a clean coffee cup!!! I still have two days left on my stay here and am very much regretting my choice of this hotel. While the location is optimal if you want to be near the BM, Covent Garden, the service, the staff, the quality of the rooms are not worth the price. I'm in a &quot;superior room&quot; and this has been the worst hotel experience I've had after multiple business trips to London. If you want a 4-star hotel in the center of London, don't come here.	
Mar 4 2009 	Great location nice large well appointed room	A perfect location for a weekend in town - walking distance to major shopping areas, West End (theaters), lots of restaurants, cafes and bars. Very friendly and welcoming staff.The room I had was - for London standards - quite large, very well maintained (must have been completely refurbished only very recently) and nicely decorated. Bed was comfortable, noise level from outside negligible (make sure you get a room looking to the courtyard, otherwise you will look onto a fairly busy street). Bathroom was modern, freshly refurbished, had all amenities you would expect, and was perfectly clean.Overall - I definitely would come back and can recommend the hotel without restrictions.	
Mar 4 2009 	Perfect for my first trip to London	Great location and value in a brand new hotel...I'll go back	
Feb 22 2009 	Glad it was only a short stay	I spent one night her in February for a quick work trip. I had a late dinner with clients and didn't arrive at the hotel until midnight, so luckily I literally just slept and took a shower the next morning and was gone by 8am. The check-in staff was very nice and although they ask you a lot of questions like phone number, address, email (didn't they get this when I made my reservation?), it was still efficient.The location is very convenient to my office in Covent Garden and is also central to most of the West End sights. Usually for business I choose a 4-star hotel, but this was a last minute trip and since I was booking the day before, most places were expensive. I ended up taking the Secret Hotel on Last Minute for £105.Based on how much all the other hotels were, I guess I was satisfied with the value and obviously I know how expensive London hotels are, but I still think £105 was a rip-off for the room I stayed in. I was put in a twin room, which I had actually never experienced anywhere before. It reminded me very much of an inside cabin on a cruise ship. Two twin beds, a chest of drawers that was also a desk that also had like 7 different switches on it for different lights, hair dryer etc. The TV was really basic. There was a closet right when you entered the room. The bathroom was extremely small and there is no way 2 people could have been in at the same time. The shower was on that has the folding door, barely enough room for you to raise your arms to wash your hair. It's not so much that I can't handle small spaces, but there was no room to put anything. It was just a sink, no shelf anywhere in the bathroom and no room to balance my toilettrie kit on the edge.It was fine for a one night stay that literally just involved sleeping and a shower, but overall the quality was not very good at all. There were stains on the carpet and the blankets were thin and poor quality. They looked like they had been cleaned, but there were old stains that looked like they wouldn't come out on the white blanket cover.I feel like I can handle a less than superior hotel if necessary, but I will not be booking this hotel again in the future when I travel to my London office. I saw some much nicer hotels that were available for £30 more and I would definitely book one of those in the future.	
Feb 14 2009	Great LocationGreat Staff	I stayed 13 nights at this hotel with a theatre tour group. Our room was newly furnished with comfy twin beds,tv,two desks,one for each of us,a fridge,iron and ironing board. It was quiet,elegant,convenient. There is an ATM across the street,two free computers in the lobby for the use of guests, a lavish breakfast buffet, daily newspapers,speedy elevators,and a cheerful,responsive staff. Our room was cleaned while we ate breakfast.The housekeeping staff took care of every request at once.(I needed a rubber floor mat in the shower) The maid cleared out the mini-fridge contents so we could keep our own fruit and beverages in it during our stay. This hotel is within walking distance of the British Museum,Covent Garden, plus many ethnic restaurants and even a Sainsbury's supermarket.	
Feb 9 2009	Good location and comfortable stay	Excellent location, just a short walk to Convent Garden, British Museum and theatres.I arrived during the morning to drop my bag but was offered to check-in as there was a room available. The (standard) room was small but perfectly adequate for one, with a comfortable double bed. It was tastefully furnished and the bathroom was stylish and spotlessly clean. I do have three small points that I only mention because the hotel is newly refurbished and these should have been considered at the design phase. There are only 2 small lifts. I think this is inadequate for a hotel of this size and sometimes you had to wait. The door latches made it impossible to close the door quietly and you could hear doors closing down the corridor. Finally there was no proper bedside light in my room. A switch by the bed just turned on an overhead spotlight - not very restful! I didn't try the bar or restaurant, but Wagamama is just across the street which was useful for a quick post-theatre meal.On balance I would stay here again, and the weekend rate is good value.	
Feb 7 2009 	Good hotel! Thanks!	Great location. Nice and helpful people. Beautiful interiors. Good food. What more do you want!!!	
Feb 5 2009	Loved it	We were fourteen ladies who had booked the hotel for a weekend in London. First impression was wow and was then greeted by very attentive staff who couldn't do enough for us. The rooms are beautifully decorated with plenty of space and comfortable, also a great location five minute to Covent Garden, from there on you can walk to most tourist spots.Breakfast was plentiful and delicious and once again the staff were very helpful and service first class. I have and will recommend this hotel to family and friendsA special thanks to Gary who was so helpful	
Feb 4 2009 	Sparkling new	I stayed here for 2 nights on business. Location is superb, walking distance from Tottenham Court Road, Oxford Street, 5 mins in a taxi from Euston. This hotel is brand spanking new, I think I was the first person to stay in my room it felt that new (1015). Very comfortable bed (although after the first night I asked for non-feather pillows which didnt arrive, I couldnt be bothered to ask a second time). Previous review said it wasnt a power shower - maybe not but my shower was a huge rain head and very powerful anyway. Restaurant was excellent, extremely friendly and helpful waiting staff which is unusual for this type of hotel, food was very good quality and value for money. My only complaint is that I ordered room service breakfast on the first morning for 7.45. By 8am it hadnt arrived so I called room service to be told it was on it's way. It arrived 15 minutes later by which time I had to leave! The waiter was apologetic and said they were extremely busy that morning but I would rather have been told at 8am that it was 15 minutes away so I could have got breakfast on the go! Maybe it is just teething problems as it is so new. I didnt make the same mistake the second morning though and to be fair, the buffet breakfast was very good.	
Jan 23 2009 	Luxurious but Hskeeping and FrontofHouse staff NEED customer service training	I stayed here over Xmas and New Year 2008 for 10 days. I am a Londoner and wanted somewhere central for the period so I could make all of my festive arrangments without travelling all over town for the period.The Hotel still had scaffolding up outside so the room rate was reduced q. dramatically .This was indeed an unexpected bonus as it is in a great location ( the original booking was for a different Radisson hotel which is about to go into refurb. mode so the travel company I booked through did a transfer for me without being asked - though they didn't advise me of this until i called them the day before !!!! - long story........ ). The room was very nice : comfortable bed + spotless furnishings ( the whole hotel has just had a 25 million pound refurb - and it's official opening date was 05/01/09 ) . The bathroom was v. luxurious , huge and spotlessly clean - beautiful marble + Axor fittings . The shower was really roomy and modern ( in a 'wet-room' style with an overhead faucet + a smaller seperate showerhead on the wall alongside : in effect 2 for 1) + there was seperate nice bath + double sink area .The shower head was large and all the fittings obviously brand new but it was NOT a power shower. Customers from the USA will recognise that fact as soon as they turn it on. Nothing wrong with it - just not a power shower as advertised .One drawback of this hotel : the housekeeping staff were INCREDIBLY NOISY !!!!!!!!! Each morning anytime between 6.30 - 8.30 you could hear them . Sometimes they were shouting to their colleagues . YES shouting to them along the corridors and on Xmas day when I had the DND light on they called me THREE times before noon asking when I would like my room cleaned . Obviously ignoring the DND light + the whole Xmas vibe . I had plans after 12 noon - not first thing in the morning on Xmas Day !!!!! Front of House staff : really not good enough. My electronic room card key kept malfunctioning and I had to go down the front desk ( from the 6th floor) each day when I got back to the hotel over a 4 day period. Instead of just replacing the card - they just kept clean- swiping it and re-issuing to me. Also, whenever I went down to the concierge desk there was either one person dealing with a long queue of check-in customers or 5 staff chatting to each other aimlessly.I presume this refurb was to attract new business or repeat returns. The rooms are great but all the staff need training. Didn't use the bar or restaurant as both ridiculously expensive and extremely 'dark' furnishings. The lighting is way too subdued. + There are so many fantastic places to eat in the surrounding areas that 17 pounds for breakfast is just outrageous.Apart from that it's a nice hotel. Would recommend for a short stay or business but not for anything over 4 days .	
Nov 5 2009 	Parfait		
Oct 31 2009 	en dessous du standing annoncé		
Oct 5 2009 	Hotel trés mignon et calme		
Sep 29 2009 	pesimo		
Sep 25 2009 	Schönes Ambiente in zentraler Lage		
Aug 23 2009 	muy recomendable buena ubicacion		
Jul 24 2009 	Absolutamente recomendable.		
Jun 17 2009 	un havre de paix dans un ville		
May 5 2009 	Soggiorno piacevole con momenti spiacevoli ...		
Mar 25 2009	Gerne wieder - Top Lage sehr schönes Hotel nettes Personal		
Mar 6 2009 	Superbe Hôtel		
