	disappointing...after all the hype and status attached.	I had always heard of the Cumberland Hotel during my many visits to London but never stayed despite dining at the marvelous restaurants and bar area within the hotel which look delightful especially at night. We were told the rooms would be upgraded but the room was extremly small, dark and pokey... we could barely move over our luggage....maybe 3m x 3m. There is just a glass that divides the bath room from bedroom and I hated it. I complained and asked for my room to be changed with aseperate bathroom. This was arranged but also very small and not the standrd of a 4 or 5 star hotel. I spent most of my evening in the lobby as that was the only nice part.	
	great location	Just got back from a great weekend at the Cumberland. had booked a double and a twin room and on checking in, the receptionist was unable to find two rooms on the same floor so called her manager over, who upgraded us to kingsize. this was a pleasant surprise and totally unexpected as my daughters are aged 17 and 12 so although it would have been inconvenient for them to be on a different floor than us, it wasnt a major problem. cant comment on the food as we didnt eat in the hotel. The location is fantastic. round the corner from the tube station and opposite Hyde Park at Marble Arch. on the Saturday we bought an all day travel card for about £17 for all of us which was great value, as tube fares in London are expensive if you pay for each journey. on the Sunday, we went shopping and were able to leave our cases at the hotel, walk to Oxford Street and walk back. The only drawback to the hotel is that when we came to leave, there was a bit of a queue at the front to get a taxi and although the queue moved fairly quickly, a hotel of this size and quality should perhaps have its own taxi rank but all in all a great weekend. one more thing, the bed was the most comfy I have ever had in a hotel	
	enjoyed trip staff could be nicer!	My daughter booked this hotel as a surprise trip . She warned me not to expect much in the way of room size as &quot;London rooms are small&quot; She was wrong!! Our room was just right for us both. It was in a building away from the main hotel, very quiet but we didn't like the glass door which didn't fit on the bathroom! The staff were not very helpful - we booked dinner in the bistro and when we checked, found receptionist had forgotten to do so. The breakfast arrangements were chaotic. Again staff not helpful at all. I wanted poached eggs , had to go to counter to order same ,was told to go to another one, went only to be told to go back to the original correct one - no one there!!! got scrambled eggs instead!! Enjoyed stay in London , would stay in hotel again but would go elsewhere to eat if I return again.	
Nov 24 2009 	An unexpected upgrade to modern luxury with an unexpected fire alarm at 2am.	Normally I wouldn’t stay in a swanky place such as The Cumberland due to it being a little out of my price range but my girlfriend and I received an upgrade from a lesser hotel in the same chain following a mix up in the booking. The hotel management were very good in this regard and paid for a taxi to the show we were going to see as we’d booked the initial hotel in order to be close to a particular theatre.The hotel is very modern and ‘contemporary’ with sculpture in the lobby which is interesting but for me means it doesn’t feel particularly warm or welcoming. There are a number of restaurants with Gary Rhodes’ name on them for which a bank loan might be required, a bar where we had a couple of very nice but pricey cocktails after a considerable wait and a late night club on the premises. The room we stayed in had a view of Hyde Park and was spacious, very clean, comfortable and came with all the mod-cons. The television set was a bit too modern for us as it took some head scratching to work out how to turn it on. The bed was extremely large and very comfortable. The hotel has a great location and is right next door to Marble Arch tube station. The highlight at the hotel for us was the breakfast which offered a huge range of choice from 5 separate serving sections. Whether you want continental, full English, porridge and honey, a choice of cereals, fruit or even a smoothie this place had it covered. I’ve deducted a point due to a fire alarm at about 2am on our first night which was apparently caused by someone from the club setting off the alarm maliciously. I know this is hardly the fault of the hotel but it was annoying all the same and there wasn’t a hint of any apology the next day or when we checked out. I also can’t help feeling that you invite this sort of behaviour more if you place a club in your hotel than if you don’t. Apart from the rude awakening, I enjoyed staying at The Cumberland and would say if you want a modern hotel with a good location and have deep pockets then this could be the hotel for you. It was a good experience to have but for me personally, apart from the breakfast, one stay is enough and I probably won’t return even if the price was right.	
Nov 24 2009 	wasnt that good	Great lobbyBad smell corridorsVery very very small roomsGreat location , near the station Wonderful staff they had changed our room because the a/c wasn’t workingDidn’t like the breakfastVery long cue for the check-in	
Nov 22 2009 	Couldn't Fault It	Just got back from staying at The Cumberland hotel and had a brilliant time! Had read the reviews previous to my stay and was preparing myself for waiting hours in the reception to check in... I was there a matter of minutes. We got to our rooms which were brilliant. Nice and fresh. Beds were AMAZING! You might not want to get out. We had breakfast at the hotel also. There was a lot of choice but it got a bit busy and had to wait a while for a table but it was expected as it was a massive hotel.The location was excellent if you wanted to go shopping! And the tube station is just roung the corner aswell as the bus stop. Most buses are en route past Marble Arch. I generally go to London to the theatre and it's perhaps not the best location if you like to get around by foot but if you're happy to jump on the bus then it's brilliant!	
Nov 21 2009 	Fine but nthing that special	On arrival it feels as though you have entered an airport - large and impersonal with a long queue to check-in. The room was fine, with a surprisingly comfy bed. Had a good sleep here despite noisy guests getting in very late/early and making loads of noise (what is wrong with people eh?). Very convenient for Oxford Street and shops etc. and was fine to get on the tube and change once for the west end, which was the purpose of the visit. We didn't eat here and didn't bother with breakfast as there are plenty of small cafes around that do coffee and croissant etc. There is a multi-storey car park around the back of the hotel which was £36 for 24 hours, but with a discount if you ask the concierge for a voucher first. Overall I would say this hotel is fine if you want to be close to the shops etc., but I don't think I would necessarily stay here again myself as it was just that bit too big and soulless.	
Nov 20 2009 	Fab	This is a fab hotel.. well worth the costs.. Beautiful well laid out rooms with everything you could possibly ever need.. Quiet even though situated on a main road.	
Nov 20 2009 	Great Location. Great Porter Service. Not so great reception service 	Family holiday in London with children of 3 and 1.5Booked a junior suite with extra bed and cot.Extra bed was not there on arrival despite confirmation of booking details by phone the previous day of arrival.Reception staff made an error with key cards. Called reception but would not send someone up, so had to go back and check-in plus extra bed made the whole settling in experience over an hour on what should have been minutes.Supposedly hotel has only 12 junior suites. would expect these to have a view of something else except the windows of other rooms.2 burned light bulbs over duration of stay - housekeeping didn't give a damn.Porters were very helpful.Breakfast was plenty by London hotel standards.Location is great for shopping / outings.	
Nov 17 2009 	Cannot fault location everything else-slightly above average	As i said in the title, the location is fantastic. I stayed there for a function on Park Lane. V nice hotel, very modern lobby/bars/restaurants etc. Drinks and service was prompt and efficient. Breakfast was very spread out, maybe this is the way some people like it but you had to walk from either end of the breakfast room to get a juice and some toast.The rooms were fine. Bed comfy, shower perfect, bathrooms bright and do what they say on the tin. The fridge in my room wasnt cleaned properly if i am to be fussy about it but thats my only complaint.Seconds from Marble Arch, Marble Arch Underground, Oxford Street, Park Lane (5min walk) etcOverall, pleasant stay, check in queues dissipate very quicklyWould I stay there again? Yes	
Nov 17 2009 	Underwhelmed	This was special birthday treat. The lobby is lovely but we were sent up to the eighth floow to a tiny and very smelly room (smoking). Asked to be moved to a non-smoking room and packed off down the road to another buidling. This had a dedicated reception manned by a member of staff who did not even greet us on arrival. Second room was less smelly but still tiny and really quite disappointing for a flagship, five star hotel. Will stick with the Landmark!	
Nov 15 2009 	Rooms and service don't match up to the public spaces	The bars and reception area of this place are just stunning and the hotel is in an excellent location.Perhaps I was in a cheaper room, but the room was cramped and badly laid out. However, it was possibly the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever stayed in (and I travel a lot!).The service on reception and at breakfast was poor. They just didn't seem to be geared up to the volume of customers they had.The first impressions are spectacular, but I was just disappointed after that.	
Nov 14 2009 	Glitzy busy lobby; teeny tiny room	The lobby was modern art museum-esque and fully of tourists of all stripes, but the basics of this hotel - rooms, closets, showers, food, gym - were average at best. Felt like I paid for the lobby. Wish it was a style I liked.	
Nov 11 2009 	okish	This hotel has a phenomenal location – you can almost touch Marble Arch as you come out of the front door. Reception is vast – which is probably just as well as you need a lot to look at while you wait to check in. There is some really impressive sculpture to look at – which is just as well, because you are still waiting. We were second in the queue and still waited 15 minutes to get to the front. The queue behind us was long – and grumpy. Sadly, although the reception is impressive and interesting – everything above the ground floor is neither. Coridoors are tired and smell rather dubious. However, the room was ok, nothing special but tolerable – probably not quite what you would want for the price.Anyway – the cocktails. We headed to the beautiful bar filled with beautiful people and looked at the, rather short, cocktail menu . Fortunately, we both picked the same thing. Upon ordering the bartenders looked twitchy and were clearly asking each other if there was a recipe to be had. They gave up looking and starting making – and got to the point where they had mixed up some lumps of fruit with some spirits and were about to add a mixer. That’s all well and good except that we appeared to have two cocktails that were completely different – different colours, different sizes, different everything – and we had completely lost confidence. Suffice to say that the manager didn’t understand, didn’t like us and wasn’t sympathetic or interested. Eventually he tipped the cocktails away rather dramatically and we switched to a bubbly which we thought was a safe option.So, don’t drink there, don’t expect glamour once you are past the reception (which will take you a while) – but revel in the location.Check out [--]	
Nov 9 2009 	Good location overlong booking in procedure	This hotel is in a good location for shopping (right next to Oxford Street) Our room was quite large with iron, ironing board, flat screen tv etc.Comfy bed. The hotel does seem rather impersonal. The main entrance lobby is very large and ultra modern. The biggest problem was the time taken to book in. We had pre-booked and pre-paid and yet despite there being only 8 people infront of us it took 30 minutes to get the door cards. I think this is down to staff trying to find rooms that have been cleaned and are ready.Did not use any of the facilities as only there for one night so can't comment further.	
Nov 8 2009 	All the money spent on the lobby rooms need some investment	Whilst no doubt a great location, the room we had was pokey, dimly lit and the bathroom badly designed. The room wasn't even serviced until I had called, which is not acceptable at 3pm after a long day out. Shower in bathroom let more water out on floor, and the sink unit was so badly designed there was water everywhere. I also had doubts about cleanliness.	
Nov 6 2009 	Fur coat no .............	Theres no doubt, when you first walk through the doors into the reception/atrium, you're impressed. The staff seem slick and efficient the space is dramatic and cathedral like with excellent videoart and sculpture. That smug feeling of money well spent, however, melts away as you enter thebedroom area. When the idea of &quot;IKEA on acid&quot; dawned on the room designer in the early nineties,(the last time the room was cleaned probably)he probably didn't invisage the effects of countless middle management rep types hurling their dell laptops and roller cases into the room, denting and scratching every surface, before kicking open the door in order to meet 'Bob' from sales in 'Carbon' the godawful bar. jeez, this place is horrible, I could go on but...you get the picture.	
Nov 5 2009 	The worst hotel i have ever stayed in !	I rang prior to arriving asked for an upgrade. Was informed i would have a luxury room!the room was located in the annexe of the hotel. basement room, lift out of order bed was touching the wall, the room was so small!!! Returned at 3pm next day, the room had not been made up... The shower didnt work properly, Breakfast was in a large canteen area, with long queues to find a seat and then get breakfast which was very expensive!2nd morning the queue to sign in for breakfast was 20 deep and the restaurant was packed!! ended up going across the road to a lovely bistro as was unable to wait and would have missed my meeting. I was still charged for breakfast and they even had the cheek to try and charge a higher rate than was agreed. The staff where rude and did not give a dam, no customer service... They really need to get their act together!! I would never stay at this hotel again, and my company have blacklisted them.	
Nov 4 2009 	Superb location tries hard	Stayed 2 nights at Hallow'en weekend - great location,1 minute from Marble Arch Tube Station, just off Oxford Street.Lobby is very impressive but had to spend 40 minutes there checking in - it was a busy Friday afternoon, 5 desks open but not going anywhere fast.Huge no. of rooms but all boutique type i.e. small. Bed (nice) takes up all the room.OK for a weekend but any longer.........Shower was the most impressive part of the room.Bars were nice and relatively trendy - staff were helpful but almost none had English as first language. I had no problem with this but if you were trying to sort out a problem it might be an issue.Didn't eat at hotel so can't comment. Overall very suitable for weekend away as at location / price equation. Not sure about a week though.	
Nov 3 2009 	Worst Hotel I've ever Stayed in	Terrible, terrible, terrible!!!!Booked and prepaid for a delux double. After queing at check in we got a very large and spacious twin with blood on one of the pillows. When we said we were not happy at this and wanted what we had actually booked, we were told that the hotel was full but we would be moved the next day. That was understandable and quite reasonable as we had checked in quite late. After a sleepless night (I can't sleep in a single bed, i'm sorry) and a shower that got more water on the floor than on me, we packed up our stuff we had unpacked the night before and went downstairs to explain to 'guest relations' about the situation. There was a que of people here which should have been our first clue! He was completely unapologetic and quite rude but said that we would be moved. My husband asked if there was anything they could do for the inconvenience and he offered a bottle of wine and a room upgrade.When we came back from our day of sightseeing, we collected our new room keys and were absolutely horrified at the 'upgraded room with a view'. The upgrade was to a king size room about half the size of the room we had been in the night before, and the view was out to traffic and marble arch. there of course, was no bottle of wine. So off i went downstairs to complain. after yet again queing to speak to someone i was redirected to the manager who has to be the rudest person i have ever met in the service industry (and i have worked in the service industry!). her attitude was simply 'what's wrong with what you have?' I was very understanding and simply said that it wasn't good enough, we were now only getting the room we had paid for and would appreciate some compensation for the huge inconvenience and that i didn't rate the room upgrade as an upgrade. She offered me a free drink in the bar or free tickets on the london sight seeing bus. This just incensed me more. i told her that the treatment and the attitude were completely unacceptable and when i said trip advisor would be hearing about this she simply said 'i don't care about trip advisor, i don't read it'. Proof that the hotel do not care about their customers.The issue was resolved after much frustration when she said she would refund me 20%. I will believe this when i see it.The problems didn't stop here...The shower in the new room did not drain and flooded the bathroom floor and the lighting was non-existent. On our final of our 4 nights at the Cumberland at 1am drilling started. and then more drilling... Finally my husband got up and went downstairs to raise the issue. The reception staff insisted that it was from the underground (we were on teh 1st floor) and we could be moved to the 7th floor if we wished. both our neighbours in the next room and ourselves were very doubtful about this as it appeared to be coming from inside the hotal and was far too loud for the underground.Other than this, we found the hotel to be very cold and unlike a hotel. The bar and restaurant were overpriced and charged a 12.5% service charge. i felt this was a little rich as a couple of times i didn't get table service but went to the bar myself. The icing on the cake was at checkout we left our bags to be collected later and when we did they gave us the wrong luggage! We could have easily walked off with someone else's stuff and vice versa! The positives are its location. The rooms also have Sky Sports which my husband enjoyed. There is also a kettle with a good selection of teas in every room which was a nice touch but the whole experience was so utterly horribly that these are overlooked. You can easily find a better hotel for the same money.The problem with this hotel is that it is always busy so they don't care if you have a problem. Sorry about the long review, but i feel so angry about my whole experience here! I most certanly will not be returning!	
Nov 1 2009 	Way toooo expensive for nothing special!	Do not be swayed by the modern lobby with all of the crazy statues once you get on the elevator every expectation must be lowered. Our room was extremely dark (it had one light that was about the size of a golf ball). Thus, making it a tad difficult to see when you wanted to get ready in the evening. Plus, the room smelled and the walls and carpets needed some updating. We stayed here one night and I am so glad since we had to call down to get an iron and ironing board! Their response was &quot;could you wait? My shift is over and it's really busy someone will be coming to fill in for me?&quot; They finally came after 30mins. Rude staff, rooms are small, and dark-nothing redeems this hotel for the money you pay for it!	
Nov 1 2009 	OMG How do they get a 4 star	As well travelled couple I find this the worst hotel FULL STOP. Why they allow these premises to have a 4 star is unbelievable.Booked a delux king park view. On arrival was given a delux double no view and they insisted it was a king. LOL look at there web page and they had given me a delux double that looked like that photo. We where moved and surprising the new room looked like it should, but the nightmare continued a door was missing in the lift area and that meant a night full of Bings from the corridor as the lift arrived. Tried to complain and no one picked the phone. And when we tried to complain in the morning all the staff passed the buck and with the reception manager uninterested and actually she did not know who she was, as she jumped from reception manager to duty manager to team lead.It would be nice to say something good, but even Rhodes W1 and breakfast areas were terrible. More like a Butlins resort.	
Nov 1 2009 	calm and relaxing haven	We wanted a room overlooking Oxford St but were told one wasn't ready yet - we could either wait, or have a room at the back now. We chose 'now' and we weren't disappointed. It looked onto a quiet street, with almost no traffic noise, and despite being near the lifts, we didn't hear them either. We slept well.The beds were big and very comfortable, with lovely linen and nice pillows. The windows were open-able, and very tall, so the room had plenty of natural light.. But what sold it to me was the fridge; we bought 'proper' milk, tea &amp; choccy biscuits so could have a decent cuppa - bliss.Yes, the bathroom has a glass door, but it's opaque once you step away from it. I liked the uncluttered design and nice shower (tip - no need to flood the floor, turn it only part way from 'bath' to 'shower'). The fancy glass basin means no soap dish, and there's no make-up mirror - it would be a good idea to put one above the desk in the room. Those two are my only quibbles. The staff all seemed to be German or East European, (apart from the concierge, a Cockney!) and were super-efficient, though not incredibly friendly, but maybe in a hotel of this size efficency is enough. The location of the hotel meant that we could hit Primark at 9am when it was empty and tidy! Our rate didn't include breakfast, but there's a Pret a Manger next door, or an Italian cafe down the road in Duke St which does pancakes, eggs &amp; decent coffee and newspapers - very civilised. The 'wow' factor of the lobby draws you in, but it feels cold and not somewhere to linger. This didn't matter since the room was calm and relaxing, and the hotel's location is perfect for shopping, the West End and Hyde Park.	
Oct 31 2009 	Frustrating Experience at the Cumberland	I booked this hotel for a group of 9 people for one night on Saturday 24th October. The booking I made was: 1 single room, and 2 quad rooms. I confirmed the booking several times before I arrived, as I had read the reviews posted on tripadvisor, and I was a little bit anxious. Upon arrival I was delighted with its location, very close to oxford street. Whilst queuing for about 25 mins for check-in, I couldn't help but notice that all the guests being dealt with at the check-in desks, seemed to be having difficulties of one sort or another.............................I can only assume it was to do with their bookings. I finally got to the check-in desk at 3pm. I handed over my booking confirmation etc to the staff member behind the desk, and everything was fine until he told me that 1 of the quad rooms I had booked wasn't ready yet due to late check out of the previous guests. I told him that I needed the room straight away as my party had to leave the hotel by 4.30pm at the latest, for a pre-theatre dinner reservation. He attitude was extremely frustrating. He told me he was sorry (he clearly did not mean this), but there were 2 housekeepers working on it, and I would get the room as soon as it was ready and until then there was nothing he could do about it. I asked when this would be and he said about 45 minutes, I said that was unacceptable and I wanted to speak to the manager. Eventually the manager came out and repeated what the check-in staff member had said. I insisted that I wanted suitable alternative accommodation, for the same price as the quad room, so after a bit of a battle, I got 2 twin rooms......................and the manager said she would send up a complimentary bottle of wine to apologise for the inconvenience. I really feel that I only got the alternative accommodation because I had strongly insisted on it............................if I had not, I would probabley have been left sitting in reception until whenever the room was ready. Before leaving the check-in desk, I asked for my booking confirmation papers back, however, no-one could find them in the mass of other papers that covered the check-in desk. All in all, the whole check-in procedure took 1 hour. The rooms themselves were quite nice - clean, spacious and seemed to be in a quiet part of the hotel. However, I could not work the safe, and having rang down to reception 3 times to get a staff member up to take a look at it, I gave up when it was time to go for our diner reservation and no staff member had arrived. The bottle of wine never arrived either, which even though we wouldn't have had time to drink it, it still annoyed me. All in all, I was glad to be leaving the hotel for the evening. Breakfast the following morning was a surprisingly smooth and efficient affair..................................spacious dining rooms, great selection of hot and cold food, juices, pastries, friendly staff who seemed to know what they were doing. It nearly made up for the confusion of the previous day. And so to check-out. I presented myself, and basically was charged the price for the 2 twin rooms when I should only have been charged the price for 1 quad. I explained the situation to the staff member, who's attitude was 'well i can't just take your word for it, you'll have to pay the full price now and we'll reimburse you another time' - can you imagine the confusion THAT would cause ??!!!. I understood that she couldn't just take my word for it, but I really felt that there should have been a notification of some sort against my name, so whoever was checking me out would understand what had happended. By co-incidence, I spotted the staff member who had checked me in the previous day, so I called him over and finally got checked out for the right price. All in all, I felt relieved to be leaving the cumberland. Would I stay there again ? Maybe..............................but only because of its excellent location, absolutley no other reason,and I would expect confusion and disorganisation.	
Oct 28 2009 	Just "OK"	Location was great, right next to Hyde park, a cinema, the marble arch tube stop and of course Oxford Street shopping.Marble arch tube stop was closed most of the trip, which was a shame but not the hotels fault.The Foyer was impressive, but felt more like a art gallery of not particularly inspiring art.We booked a double luxury room, which was more like just a double room.Not that much luxury about it.Very little atmosphere.Poor lighting in the room, one big mirror in the &quot;hallway&quot; which was terrible as it was very dark there. One light was missing also.AC worked and was fine.Shower was very nice, but leaked very very heavily on the floor, very dangerous.Some of the staff were pleasant, some were odd and at one point a member of staff burst into our room without knocking to ask if we checked in! Not professional at all.All in all, not particularly exciting. Just OK.Not as thrilling as the description makes it out to be.	
Oct 27 2009 	Dirty smelling rooms	Very unappealing rooms - Modern front of house and reception/bar area pity it ends there. Constant queues to check in/out which congests the whole area, and high noise levels. The staff are unapproachable and rude. The rooms smell stale and dirty. There is not enough wardrobe space and no drawers in the room, and there was only 1 towel in the tiny bathroom. This hotel calls itself a four * establishment and markets itself accordingly In my opinion it was not. When I complained I was offered an upgrade……. Don’t bother same dismal corporate colours, no drawers or sufficient hanging space in the room, and I was advised that I could sleep on the pull out sofa bed, all for £400 per night.	
Oct 27 2009 	Never Again	Myself and Wife stayed at the Cumberland on Weekend 21/24 Oct. Booked a delux Double Room.We would never use this hotel again for the following reasons.Our supposodly delux double room was in reality a single room with a double bed.The room altough modern has no space whatsoever and has only got a small single wardrobe and hardly any cupboard space.It was a nightmare getting down to breakfast on a morning as altough there are 8 lifts it is nearly impossible to use them as upwards of 900 other people have the same idea and it is the same getting back to your room.As for breakfast -We took our children to Butlins many years ago and believe me butlins had better breakfast choices and was better organised than this hotel.We usually weekend in London 2 or 3 times a year and always stay with Marriot hotels and have never had a complaint but decided to try elsewere just for a change but believe me never again.On the Monday morning we decided to have a lie in and miss breakfast however we were woke at 0820 by the housekeeper inquiring what time we entended to depart. That was the icing on the cake.We also used Rhodes Brassiere in the hotel on the saturday night and trust me it was one of the worst meals we have ever had for both food and service and by the way I have long been an admirer of Gary Rhodes so to say I was dissapointed is an understatement.	
Oct 24 2009 	Good room good location	Stayed here recently for a conference held at another hotel nearby, as I understand they have over 1000 rooms which is why it felt a bit like a factory on check in, that said the girl on check in was professional and welcoming. My room was a good size and clean and the location was ideal. The bar staff were less than welcoming, and breakfast was a bit of a frenzy, but with those numbers I suppose it would be. This hotel would have got a &quot;Good&quot; rating rather than &quot;average&quot; but didn't quite hit the &quot;Very good&quot; mark for me.	
Oct 21 2009 	beware of room upgrades !	This was our 3rd weekend stay at this hotel this year. We arrived at 1 pm to a long queue at check-in. We were told that the deluxe double room we had booked wasn't ready yet. We could go away and come back in an hour and queue again or, pay £30 to upgrade the room and check-in straight away. We were promised a better room and late check out. Not wanting to wait in line again, we went for the upgrade (which turned out to be £30 PER NIGHT, not explained properly) The &quot;upgrade&quot; room was on the 2nd floor and no different to the rooms we have stayed in before for no extra charge. In fact the room was worst as it had noisy aircon units outside the window.Thought we'd wait and see what the noise was like when we returned to the room later. At midnight when we came back, the aircon noise was joined by banging club music from the night club. We went straight to reception (queued again...). The chap on reception was helpful and quickly upgraded us again and gave us a new room on the 4th floor which was great.My worry is that this offer of room &quot;upgrade&quot; may now be general practice to get more money out of you as we heard others being offered it. This hotel is in a great location but may try somewhere else next time.	
Oct 19 2009 	don`t bother !!	i would not stay at this hotel ever again. the staff are rude, the rooms are very small, bathrooms tiny, all needs painting and tidying up. we only had 1 towel in the bathroom between 2 of us. the cooked breakfast was cold, the orange juice was of the powder form, the atmosphere was just like a canteen - horrible. in the evenings sitting in the bar areas there was a feeling of sleeze, just not comfortable. i would not give this hotel anything more than a 2 star. stay somewhere else, i will be.	
Oct 16 2009 	Only stay here if you need to be in this area of London	On entering the building the reception/bar area is quite impresssive if you like the Art Gallery with strange lighting look. It was not for me, I prefer the mahogany and thick carpet look of a four star hotel. When I got to the room I was sorely disappointed. The door to the room had been recently painted but only given one coat and the colour from the previous layer of paint was showing through and on entering the room I was met with a strange smell, a dirty carpet and a room so small I could almost touch both walls at once!This hotel calls itself a four star establishment and markets itself accordingly In my opinion it was not. I was given a significant discount on the rack rate but still I feel I was grossly over -charged.Oh yes I forgot to say that the strange colours were carried through to the bedrooms.	
Oct 16 2009 	Good location but pretty mediocre overall	Ended up staying here for one night having been shunted (along with 4 colleagues) from the Thistle Marble Arch due to an overbooking there - so not a great start! Very long queues at check-in from 5pm onwards, so try and arrive earlier or late. Rooms on the first floor were typical of a London corporate hotel. They had been refurbished and had a very good shower, but still looking a bit tired overall. Although there is double glazing and secondary glazing over this, traffic noise is still a problem if the room overlooks any of the streets - even the quieter side streets as ours did. No free hi-speed internet access - minimum is a £10 voucher which is poor - just an excuse to rip-off business travellers. We didn't have dinner in the hotel as there are several excellent Lebanese restaurants just round the corner - do try - they are fantastic value!Breakfast experience was not good. Very much like a busy airport or hospital canteen. There is plenty of choice - but it is bedlam - forget a relaxing read of the paper and quiet start to the day!So - if you need to be in this part of London for business or desperately want to be on Oxford street - it's OK. But - there are plenty of other better hotels in London to try.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location but be careful!	Overall the hotel is lovely. The reception area is gorgeous - really modern! The location is perfect, seconds from Marble Arch Tube (athough this was closed for renovations the weekend we were there but Bond Street Tube station was about 8 minutes walk away.) Perfectly located just off Oxford Street. The reception staff were quite rude though and matter of fact .The rooms are small but modern and perfect for a night or two's visit to the city. There is a nightclub in the hotel that stays open until 3am so ask at receoption to ensure that your room is not directly above it if you end up with a room on the 1st floor. We discovered this at 1am and had to be moved which was not ideal at that time of night. Any other floor appears to be okay and in fairness I would imagine that not all of the 1st floor is over the club - but its worth asking unless you plan to stay up until 3am anyway.We had cocktails in the Gary Rhodes brasserie and it was really nice and relaxing. The breakfast was great too - plenty of variation.I would stay in this hotel again - the location is excellent. Its probably not suitable though for someone looking for a relaxing weekend away.	
Oct 6 2009 	Big but good	We stopped at the cumberland for 2 nights on a weekend trip and apart from the strange reception and foyer area it is a good clean hotel in a great location with great breakfasts (allthough they can be a bit busy and you may have to wait .. or go before 9:30)	
Oct 1 2009 	Cold and Uninviting	Do yourself a favour, do not stay at The Cumberland! Terrible experience, staff were bored and rude and had trouble understanding English. Rooms were average and in need of a refurb as it is very tired, but the location was central and the only redeeming feature of the stay. The canteen style breakfast area was, noisy, cramped and reminiscent of a hospital cafe, without the hygiene, found a thick dark hair in the mushrooms,disgusting.Terrible experience for 3 days not worth the price and lacking class that you would expect.	
Sep 16 2009 	excellent hotel	Istayed at this hotel with my husband and mother and found it to be a brilliant hotel. The staff were very helpful, the breakfast was very good - lots of choice. The location is excellent for touring around London. I had booked the hop on and off buses and the bus stops were close by. The shops are close by so you can be there before the crowds!!I would definately stay in this hotel again	
Sep 11 2009	Great as a base of operations in London	I took my daughter to London as a college graduation present, and our travel agent booked us into the Cumberland. I was initially put off by the ultra-modern lobby (not terribly welcoming) and the size of the hotel (I usually prefer to stay in smaller hotels). However, for us, it turned out to be a perfect choice. We were on the go from right after breakfast until after dinner most days, so the room was entirely adequate for us even though it might have felt small if we spent more time in it. However, the hotel had several features that made it great as a base of operations for touristing in and around London: (i) it is right on top of the Marble Arch tube station on the Central Line, (ii) it is very close to the bus stops in Hyde Park where busses to Oxford leave, (iii) the concierges are very knowledgable and helpful, (iv) the breakfast that is included in the room rate is very good and starts very early, (v) it is right on the northeast corner of Hyde Park, so it is easy (and pleasant) to walk to the major tourist destinations (our first day, we walked from the Hotel to the Tower of London).	
Sep 11 2009 	Excellent location and great value	Some of the reviews regarding noise, decor and service worried me. There is street level noise due to loading and unloading before 08:00 at the back of the hotel. The windows have secondary glazing and this noise is usual for London. The interior design is interesting though getting in the shower is a cold shock and glass bowl basins and mirrors must be a challenge for the cleaners. My facilities were spotless!. It is a big hotel so don't anticipate a prsonal service. In conclusion a very comfortable experience and a bargain for this part of London.	
Sep 9 2009 	Excellent hotel great location great service	It's just all around my favourite in London. Just make sure you stay on the outer perimeter facing either Hyde Park or Great Cumberland.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great hotel in an ideal location	We stayed here for 1 night on Saturday 5th Sept 09. We arrived by train from Glasgow &amp; it was ideal that the hotel was located round the corner from Marble Arch tube station. We were an hour too early to check in but it was no problen to leave our bags at the concierge &amp; to come back later. After a great afternoon in London, we checked in at around 5pm - ok, staff weren't overly welcoming but we weren't really expecting them to be for such a large hotel. Room on the 5th floor was spacious &amp; bed was really comfy. Room was rear facing so was quiet enough when we returned around 1am. Bathroom was nice, with a large walk in shower. Breakfast was a bit mad - we headed down at 9am and had to queue for around 5minutes for a table. it was quite noisy (very like a canteen) but couldnt grumble about food and there was plenty of it. When we left the breakfast room an hour later, the queue to be seated was so long it was unbelieveable - in fact, we wouldnt have waited if it had been us. The queue snaked right out the door and round to the lift area - i would imagine a few complaints from guests waiting here at this time! Anyway, we checked out at 11am, again leaving our bags at the concierge station as we didnt need to get the tube until 1.30pm. This was no problem. We like the stylish lobby..........something a bit different from patterned carpets and wood!	
Sep 7 2009 	Excellent Location Good Value Hotel	We stayed here for the second time on a short break in London for a couple of nights. We checked in at 11am and were allocated a room immediately, a big bonus which meant we could head off and enjoy our day. There was a small queue at check-in, but it quickly went, and the guy who checked us in was very pleasant and helpful. Our room was great, not overly large but by European capital city standards very good, and the bathroom was a good size, with excellent shower. The standard of cleanliness is high, there is more than adequate storage space and the bed comfortable with high quality bed linen. Both times we have stayed at the Cumberland I have read very mixed reviews. However, I would say that we paid £95 per night for two of us, without breakfast, which I think is great value. For those who complain about quees at check in, it is a very busy hotel, but the staff are very efficient. I think the value for money offered by this hotel is outstanding, the location is very central, with tube and buses within two minutes walk, and lots of facilities around in easy walking distance. We did not pay for breakfast, but walked up Oxford Street about 200 yards, turned right into Mayfair and found a superb pavement cafe which did a great breakfast for £5.95, with first class coffee. Alterantively if you don't want to walk there is a Pret a Manger right outside the hotel . It is worth bearing in mind that for those who feel it was not a four star hotel, you can get four star hotels which offer superior facilities, but you will find you can easily pay double the price.	
Sep 7 2009 	Perfect!	We stayed at the cumberland for my birthday, initially we were given room 2090 and it seemed small seeing as it was supposed to be a deluxe double. then we noticed that when we turned the bathroom sink tap on water started leaking from the back, so we informed reception and they moved to the next room, no.2089 which was a deluxe twin with a park view and view of oxford st and this was huge , we were delighted with this room the view was superb from our room we could see hyde park, albert hall, st pauls and oxford st. it was a wonderful &quot; Room with a view&quot; . the hotel its self is huge and the foyer is very contempary, the only draw back is because it is so huge its eay to get a little lost amongst the maze of corridors but we soon found our way. We would recoomend this hotel to everybody it is in a perfect location for all the amenities and all the shops and 4 tube stops from the west end , and the staff were very helpful indeed . It was PERFECT!!!!!!	
Sep 6 2009 	Truly Awful	Stayed here for our 5 year wedding anniversary. Supposedly got a 'great' deal via the 'secret hotels' on the web. Paid £95 which was apparently half price for a double deluxe sweet. Having previously stayed at the Gouman Tower I couldn't wait as the Tower was fantastic. The lobby was dark and uninviting and it was almost impossible to hear the check in staff as they mumbled. When we got to our room it was just awful - the bed was pushed against the wall - not what you expect for a deluxe room. the carpet was stained and the view was of a wall. My husband went to complain and was upgraded....at a cost of £45.00!! He was told it was a higher quality room with a view of the park - it was exactly the same size apart from an extra bedside cabinet meaning the bed was no longer against the wall. The view...was a wall, unless you stood on the desk at which point you could see the park if you craned your neck. The carpet was filthy and bathroom was not clean. Thankfully we only stayed for one night - I can honestly say a travel lodge would have been cleaner and more spacious. This was quite possibly the worst hotel we' ve ever stayed in,. I felt completely ripped off and glad that I had not paid full price for either room (which would have been between £180 and £195!!!!). Definitely NOT WORTH IT.	
Sep 5 2009 	Clean and cheap rate for a hotel next to Hyde Park	I went to see Bruce Springsteen and Neil Young and needed a cheap clean hotel. IT was fine. London is very expensive. So don't expect too much but for the price it worked fine.It is in a safe area. I did not eat the food. Staff was overworked. They were helpful with my bag and waited with me outside for my ride. It's fine.	
Sep 5 2009 	Great Location Good Hotel	After having booked 2 nights at thi shotel, I have been reading tons of bad reviews for it. I did not know what to expect, but was pleasently surprised. Here are a couple of points others have been complaining about:Lobby: a bit artsy, noisy and cold. But let's face you don't live there, you just walk through it.Staff: very efficient at check-in and -out. The concierges were very helpful, I have to admit though, I did not have very complicated questions. People complained that the atmosphere was impersonal. Well, it is a big hotel. If you want to be greeted by last name you will have to pay more for your rooms.Safety: People complained that stuff got stolen from their rooms. There is a safe in the room. As the name implies, this is very you put stuff so it is safe.Noise: You enter the hotel from a very busy street. Ask the staff to give you a room not facing this street. I did, it was a very calm room.Rooms: the rooms are rather big for european standards. Everything in the rooms is a bit artsy, but that is okay.All in all, I had a great time. This is not a luxury hotel. I paid aroung $150 a night. A luxury hotel will charge 2-3 time this much. Still it is a very good hotel on a great location!	
Sep 3 2009 	Not impressed	My husband got a last minute deal for £90/night in the middle of the week, which would be cheap if they delivered but as another reviewer mentioned, apart from the pretty lobby, the rest is rather disappointing. The rooms are small (queen-size bed against a wall) and the decor is quite cheap and do not get me started on the colour scheme!On top of that we were given a room in the basement, really dark and if you opened the curtain all you could see was the cabs' queue. I will definitely not stay there again, we actually live in London but wanted to &quot;treat&quot; ourselves and that was far from a treat. I was so disappointed, I did not either bother trying the breakfast as I knew in advance it would be another average but expensive experience.	
Aug 31 2009 	Impersonal poorly run hotel	Unfriendly atmosphere, rubbish and empty plates left uncollected in the corridors. The phone operators were rude and unhelpful. The experience was like staying in at an airport: large and institutional. The room was tired: the floorboards were lifting up; the tap in the bathroom had a broken nozzle; the carpet had chewing gum stuck into it in two places. The artificial aroma sprayed around the reception is overpowering. Reception has the appearance of an underground railway station. The location is very central, but remember you are at the end of one of the busiest and least attractive streets in London (Oxford Street). Returning to the hotel at night is unpleasant.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great location modern hotel	Great location right beside Marble Arch and a tube station. Hotel was very modern, and room was great - although we had to change rooms upon arrival as room was small and you could only get out of bed on one side. I guess it was a single room. Breakfasts were very good, great choice. Hotel bar was an absolute fortune, but then thats London!!	
Aug 31 2009 	Great Stay	Having read previous recent reviews I was really expecting the worst but was very pleasantly surprised. Stayed over August bank holiday and booked last minute - cheapest central London hotel available. Arrived at hotel around 1.30pm and 5 min wait to check in. Room was available immediately. Only issue was abit of attitude from the check-in guy as I pre-empted his question on a non-smoking room which he picked me up on !!!Had a corner room overlooking the back of the hotel which was in excellent condition and really quiet. The room was well prepared - clean bathroom, great bedding , modern decor etc. You cannot beat the location and lobby remains stunning. I am sure that the enjoyment of your stay depends on the room - so if you get a good one then is good value for money for Central London.	
Aug 31 2009 	Lovely lobby the rest is just terrible	Awful awful interior design, quirky that borders on non-functional. Room was noisy from outside, from the aircon, from the hallway. Staff could be a bit more cheerful.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great location  good hotel	The hotel is in a great spot, just off Oxford Street. We found the staff very friendly and helpful. Yes, there was a ten minute wait to book in, but the hotel has a thousand rooms, a wait is inevitable. We didn't see any queues at all for the lifts, even though we stayed on a weekend. There was a short wait for breakfast, but we were soon shown to a clean table by a friendly staff member. There was plenty of choice for breakfast, including chicken sausages! The bedroom, although not huge was adequate, but the bathroom was large with a great power shower. The bar prices were steep, but there's a Wetherspoons, the Tyburn, just round the corner.	
Aug 28 2009 	Don't expect to get any sleep..!	4 Star hotel...??? - We stayed in a room overlooking the courtyard - the noise from an external Plant room was unbearable - wasn't able to sleep a wink all night - wouldn't recommend this hotel to my worst enemy. Hotel details says Double glazed - our room certainly wasn't - my advice stay somewhere else..!!!!	
Aug 27 2009 	This hotel is a total joke - "Hotel Babylon" for real	Problem 1) Reception had no record of my booking. The desk staff couldn't handle this and kept re-checking my name, then passing on the problem to another member of the team. I almost had to complete my own check-in.Problem 2) The shower had a gushing leak in the basin which flooded the bathroom. hen I noticed that the TV in the bedroom was hanging off the wall, with loose wires dangling.Problem 3) I called down to reception to request a change of room. A staff member brought the new key card up to my room, but when I nipped across the corridor wearing my nightdress (small) and a large towel, dragging my luggage, the key didn't work.Problem 4) The staff member had disappeared, and my old room had locked behind me, so I had no choice except to go down to the main lobby to get help - wearing a towel...Problem 4) The reception staff wanted to argue with each other about who would test the key card, rather than help me get a new room. The lobby was in full view of the street, but when I moved behind the reception desk to get a bit of cover (because of wearing a towel) the staff were aggressive.Problem 5) The new room (my third) had not been cleaned, and still had used sheets etc.Problem 6) When I couldn't get an answer after 10 mins of phoning reception, I had to go downstairs again - still wearing a towel and dragging my luggage. Finally, my fourth room was up to standard!In the morning I complained to Customer Relations. They listened kindly and admitted that their night team are notoriously bad. They also promised to phone me to follow up on my complaint and request for a refund - of course, they never did.DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL	
Aug 27 2009 	Location Location Location	Title says it all! when travelling with young kids who are tired of sitting in restaurants ..... buying a picnic for dinner and sitting in Hyde Park (across the road) with a bottle of wine, blanket and lots for them to do is a perfect way to spend a summers day/eve in London.The room service and bar service in the hotel is SCARY!!! So we catered ourselves and enjoyed more of London for our pound!The room was OK but not great, we moved twice and still they put us outside a service entry door so we had a lot of noise disturbance during the night ..... so that was a dampner. Nevertheless the room was clean, large enough fridge to stock ourselves and the bed and linen very comfy	
Aug 26 2009 	Poor Security of rooms	Location good, rooms not bad, staff unhelpful and rude. Breakfast - good choice but not very warm. Security of rooms poor. We had a bracelet stolen from the hotel bedroom and staff were most unhelpful.	
Aug 25 2009 	NOT a 5 star hotel but a train station	I have been in many 4 and 5 star hotels in London but this isnt even near this category.I arrived late night as it was overbooked at Radisson Portman where I had previously made a reservation. They put me in a room that was literally a cell with no windows, and when I asked to be transferred I understood there were many other options but the staff is [--]. This was said by the very sweet porter who was complaining about the management and that the hotel was seriously under staffed.The following day, waiting 5 minutes in line to get the most disgusting breakfast I ever had (and it was SO SO noisy!) I waited 45 minutes (!!!) only for a porter to come and help bring my things to the lobby. This second porter was also on the verge of crying, telling me he hates working there. The lady at the check out kept on making these really upset sighs, and to be honest I was really feeling sorry for her, and for myself for having wasted a whole morning just checking out. The huge line of people behind me were shouting at someone for going in front of the line. I was also on the verge of crying from this whole experience and Im not exaggerating. It was such a relief to get out of that place.Apart from the impressive lobby I would rate this hotel as a 2 star hotel. Please do yourselves a favour and avoid this hotel, the location is great bt there are other better hotels in nthe area, you would much rather go to a hotel like Radisson portman if you want to say in the area and somewhere that doesnt feel like youre staying in a train station.If youre in the area I also HIGHLY recommend eating at the Churchill hyatt restaurant in front of the Radisson portman. Open kitchen and delicious food!	
Aug 24 2009 	Superb location awful awful service.	We got this hotel via Last Minute with a 50% discount. We wouldn't have stayed here at full price and after having actually stayed here now I doubt we'd go back at half price. The location is unquestionably brilliant, 30 second walk from Marble Arch tube station and in a generally nice location overall.As we walked in to the lobby we were greeted by a line of about 20 people waiting to check in. The line moved slowly and was not an experience I feel is conducive with a 4* hotel. Things then deteriorated as we were told that there were no rooms ready, despite check in time commencing an hour earlier. The person checking us in was cold, unfriendly and had only a loose grasp of English.To make matters worse when we returned later to finally collect our room key we had to queue AGAIN, despite being promised that we could walk right to the front since we had already had a room allocated.To finish the checking in process, when I finally got to the point where I should have been given my key card, the man told us that we had been booked into a room on the lower level, despite requesting a quiet room on an upper floor. When we finally found our room, on the 8th floor, it was marked as a smoking room, despite multiple confirmations from the desk that we would get a non smoking room. This was 90 minute process and was just simply unacceptable.The room itself was fine, decent decoration and quite new. The bathroom looked lovely but was so ridiculously designed! You CAN NOT start the shower without soaking yourself and the room. It is simply not possible by design. The sink again was overly designed as it would also just soak the surrounding area with any sort of use. One positive note, the meal at the W1 Brasserie was excellent.	
Aug 24 2009 	Impressive lobby but nothing else was.	Stayed for one night, initial impressions are very trendy but the longer you stand in lobby area the more it feels like a train platform or exhibition centre, cold &amp; harsh not wecloming at all.The rooms are no better, badly designed ( by kelly hoppen I was told, really??),mirror over loo (try putting on make up leaning over toilet pan), no mirror over dressing table??,bed right up against wall.Music from club downstairs really banging &amp; loud until 3am (do not stay lower floors).We rang to complain but just wrote the night off as for sleep.We were going to request a reduction next day at checkout but massive queue &amp; 2 staff only. For breakfast waited 20 mins in queue for table then lost the will to live and had McDonalds breakfast (yes that desperate).Breakfast area like a cafe, not hotel.If I had to say anything complimentary then the bed linen was very nice &amp; soft,but sadly I can't find anything I like about this hotel at all.	
Aug 24 2009 	Think Travelodge with a W1 postcode!	We stayed in the Cumberland during a trip to London two years ago and were keen to stay there again a few weeks ago. The first time we stayed in this hotel we had a lovely stay but second time around it was as if we were in a totally different hotel...From first impressions the hotel seems perfect - the lobby is trendy and full of sculptures, large and airy. Look a bit closer however and it just doesn't feel right - it's a huge lobby absolutely full of people coming and going which reminded me of an airport terminal. There were just people everywhere. There's also a queuing system to check in which again reminded me of queuing to check in at an airport.When we first stepped in to our room I was shocked - how could this be the same place we had stayed in only 2 years ago?! The room looked exactly like a travelodge!!! A tiny double bed, cheap scuffed furniture, one rack about 40cm long to hand your clothes on, a dirty tiny cramped bathroom....the list goes on. Honestly, I was horrified. £160 for this??? One evening we ordered 2 cappuccinos to be delivered to the room and the bill was £12?? Even the room service guy was apologetic at the prices.Basically the Cumberland charges 5* prices for a 3 star experience. Save your money, DON'T stay here!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 23 2009 	The Cumberland - great location...but that's it.	Stayed here for 3 nights in April 2009. First impressions were so so: the foyer felt like a museum with art exhibits and funky lighting, but it was quite dark and not very inviting. Had to wait a while to check in despite there being staff available at the front desk, and their attitude was cold and very informal. The corridor leading up to our room was lit with blue futuristic lighting - not soothing at all and for some reason reminded me of a hospital. We had specifically asked for a non-smoking room. When we got to our room it stank of stale cigarettes. We complained and asked to change rooms only to be told the hotel was fully booked up. All they did was send someone up to open the window. The room was small with a juxtaposition of lime green walls and pine coloured furniture. The bathroom had toiletries from Elemis. Breakfast had a wide selection - pretty good: cooked English breakfast, cereals, fruit, juices. But the lighting in the restaurant was horrendous - it was so DARK and I was often eating in my own shadow. The hotel seemed to be popular with Eastern European and Japanese visitors. I would ONLY recommend this hotel based on the great location (Marble Arch tube station is literally just around the corner).	
Aug 23 2009 	Someone had a party at 4am... we couldn't sleep	What a nightmare. We had a bad experience, it doesn't mean you will. The hotel is clean, well located, staff overall are professional and polite. We had a room with a window onto the inner courtyard. Great, nice and quite. Not. Someone had a party at 3:30am, the noise revurburated all around the courtyard, LOUD music, shouting, cheering, whistling. The hotel staff didn;t seem to notice. I had to call down to reception twice before it was addressed, they sent a security guard into my room at 5am to 'witness' the noise. It stopped shortly after, they must have worked out where it was coming from. Whilst the other guests behaviour is not the hotels fault, 2 hrs or so of LOUD noise at that time in the morning should have been spotted by the security staff and dealt with swiftly, I can't wait to go to bed tonight and get a good nights sleep.If it wasnt for this I would have reccomended the hotel. The night receptionist was useless too.	
Aug 23 2009 	Normal	We wanted to go to London to shop, shop &amp; shop....and that is what we did. We did not use any hotel facilities and so we can't say anything about the hotel, however, here are some points that I think would help any traveller.1. My sister and I stayed in a lovely room, with great tv channels, really comfortable beds, however we did not have enough storage for clothes....since we bought loads.2. The room is quite modern and I loved the location, we had a view of all the roof tops and it was really airy since it was on the 7th floor.I quite liked our room.3. My parent's room booked a smoking room and they had the worst view ever. It looked over a courtyard and you could actually see what people were doing in their own rooms...kinda sucked for them coz they had to keep their curtains closed and never got in any natural light.4. The Reception was lovely. I liked the art and the 'statues' but I think it would have been much more appreciated if i actually understood art. Unfortunately, I don't and I therefore cannot comment much on it.5. We complained that the sink in one of the rooms wasn't working and we reminded the reception for 3 days until it finally got fixed.6. The concierge were very helpful. They helped us in some information, and in looking after our luggage on our day of departure until we made some more shopping.7. We absolutley loved the bar of the hotel. It is very big and chunky with decoration but it was cool and I loved it...rather expensive though. hehe.I hope this review was helpful to anyone...I would recommend the hotel to other people, it was good on the whole :)	
Aug 21 2009 	my stay at the cumberland hotel	I recently stayed at the Cumberland Hotel for a week whilst I was on holiday. The lobby of the hotel is modern with a spacious feel and looks rather inviting. Shame the same standard cannot be maintained throughout the hotel with very narrow claustrophobic hallways upstairs. Things that made my stay unpleasant included, bad room service, as it takes a long time to get through on the phone; and a very cold and hostile attitude of the receptionists. However not all staff attitude was bad there was a girl who was helpful and very polite for a change, so if you are there looking for a friendly face for help look for Mira. Overall I would recommend the hotel but only if your willing to compromise a small room for a convenient location.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great Location	The hotel was in a great location, just around the corner from Marble arch tube station and just off oxford street. The lobby looks a bit like a museum when you walk in but a modern one. We stayed in a twin room which was clean and modern also very spacious which was a bit of a suprise as London hotel room tend to be quite small. The bathroom was a little small but trendy and adequate enough for us, there is no bath for bath lovers but it was fine for us.	
Aug 19 2009 	OK but aircon could been colder	No major problems discovered. It looked expensive minimalistic style. Food and room was ok, but air conditioner didn't really give any cold air which was a bit disappointing in July. Noting superb from my view, but at least a clean bed to sleep in and nothing to complain about.	
Aug 18 2009 	Don't look beneath the surface!	On the surface, The Cumberland seems ideal. As many other reviewers have attested, it occupies an excellent position directly opposite Marble Arch and directly above the tube station of the same name. Even when you scratch the surface, The Cumberland still appears somewhat exemplary. Striking works of art and space-age furniture dominate the spacious foyer, evoking a cross between an airport departure lounge and Habitat. Add to this Gary Rhodes' flagship restaurant and a well-respected nightclub downstairs and The Cumberland appears to have all the trappings of one of London's premium establishments.Penetrate the surface (by actually staying there), however, and it is a somewhat different story. Step out of the elegant, high-speed lifts and it becomes apparent that much less attention has been paid towards the rest of the hotel. The smell of food lingers in the long, shabby corridors. Presumably guests are taking to eating in their rooms as the cost of food in the restaurant is extortionate (£23 for breakfast!). Stained towels are in frequent circulation and rarely replaced (and you'll be lucky if you receive more than one set, even if there are two of you staying in the room). Wake-up calls are unnecessary in this hotel due to the noisy plumbing and good luck finding a plug socket from this century!The Cumberland is noticeably very popular with Middle Eastern tourists, who, according to one article (http://tinyurl.com/lc3kgr), &quot;save London's summer&quot;. Perhaps this popularity is allowing the hotel to rest on its laurels and coast along on its reputation as an &quot;Arabian home from home&quot; without the need to make vital improvements. We were lucky enough to have found The Cumberland through one of the &quot;Top Secret&quot; hotel deals from lastminute.com. Had we been paying any more, however, and our tolerance for 3-star mutton dressed as 4-star lamb would have been severely tested. The Cumberland certainly has the potential to be a great hotel - just don't look beneath the surface.	
Aug 18 2009 	great stay great location	after reading some negative reviews on here we were slightly apprehansive about this place but found it absolutley spot-on. The room was clean, well designed and pretty large for central london. we paid £90 a night for a 2 night stay which, in august is pretty good. Id definitley recommend staying here	
Aug 18 2009 	Very nice good location	I had no trouble checking in very quick, there was a queue for checkout but one of the staff took my details while I was in the queue and said they would e mail my bill so I didn’t have to hang around, which all worked out fine.The location was very handy for hitting the shops on Oxford street. My room was lovely. Breakfast was vast lots of options	
Aug 18 2009 	A zoo. Most definitely NOT a luxury experience	Prepare for utter chaos upon check in. The lobby is over-run, as are the lifts. It comes across as more of a convention mill than a high-end hotel. The lobby is quirky, though some would no doubt find it trendy and attractive. The corridors are tired and look like student housing.The rooms are tiny, though fairly clean. There is one and ONLY one reason to consider this place, which is the location. If for some reason you need to be near Marble arch, this is probably a decent choice, though only if you're getting a deal. At the &quot;normal&quot; rate of nearly £200 you are getting shafted, and can stay at 10 better places. For £100 or so you are just about getting good value. I'd rather stay a bit down the road at the Grovsenor House though, which is closer to most of the things you'd want to see if you're in London as a tourist and is MUCH nicer, and not always more expensive.In a nutshell, acceptable but sterile and without any soul or life.	
Aug 17 2009 	ideal location helpful staff and lovely room	Arrived and checked in early, room wasn't ready but no problem to leave bags and head out into Oxford Street. So handy for the tube station, shops and open top bus tour link. Could have a lie in whilst teenage daughter did the shops early doors!! No problem with noise - we had a room on the 'inside' so no traffic noise but no view. Concierge and reception staff were polite and helpful. Room spacious and clean with wonderfully comfy beds!! Useful iron and ironing board and mini bar really like a fridge as no drinks in it except water so could put in your own. If possible avoid normal check in/out times to avoid queues and take advantage of leaving luggage as we did and checked out early and left bags for another full day in the city.	
Aug 16 2009 	Central and compact not quite clean	Great location for shopping and visiting London. Check in is a slow process. About 20 min or so . Hard to find anything in hotel ie bars, toilets etc, nothing signposted. was in smoking room on 8th floor(as requested). Had everything in it bar a view, bathroom wasn't that clean, more down to leaking water around the sink and it rusting than not been cleaned. Milk in room for tea/coffee not replaced after first day of use , so bring your own milk! Overall not a bad experience, would go back to stay again if visiting london, just dont be looking at photos of hotel on the web as the room you get will not be as big as them	
Aug 14 2009 	Perfect	After reading some negative reviews, we were glad to have had a perfect stay at The Cumberland. Amazing entrance. Very Comfy rooms, Clean bathrooms. Professional staff. Excellent location. Extremely quiet, even with the nightclub and tube underneath. Were glad to have paid £42 a night through last minute but would have easily been worth the full price.Would definitely recommend to everyone looking at staying here.	
Aug 11 2009 	Awful customer service and a tiny and dirty room	A party of 4 stayed here for engagement party that was around the corner.On arrival at 6pm we were told that our rooms were not ready despite check-in time being 2pm. The lady behind the desk informed us that they would only take half an hour and that they would treat us to a complimentary drink in the bar.40 minutes later no one had come to offer us a drink and the room was still not ready. When I finally got to speak to the hotel manager at about 7pm I asked her how much longer we had to wait bearing in mind that we had just had a 4 hour drive from Leeds and had to be at the party for 7.30pm.Now I don't mind having to wait, if the hotel are understaffed then although it's not what you expect form a 4* establishment, you grin and bear it as long as you feel that that the staff that are there are doing all they can to help in a polite and courteous manner.Unfortunately the duty manageress that I had the displeasure of dealing with was without doubt the rudest, most patronizing and discourteous woman I have ever met. With no concern for our stiuation she left us standing in the middle of the lobby for another 45 minutes.When we were finally showed to our room it was very disappointing. The bed was less comfy than you get at a travel lodge, the room overall was tiny and there were smears all over the mirrors.I was so appalled by the whole experience I couldn't wait to get to the engagement party and have a few stiff drinks.London has so much more to offer in terms of decent hotels I wouldn't even consider staying here over a travelodge.	
Aug 7 2009 	my money's worth	We've booked a special rate package , room for two, upgrade and breakfast, and found it all worth while. Stayed at the annex, loved the bed (a kingsize) and the bedlinnen, bathtowels, and , for London-standards, a spacious room. Yes, the lobby was crowded but London is very busy with tourists in August, and this hotel is too...The breakfastroom is large; the offerings are many, but you feel a bit looked at as a number; then again to many tourists.	
Aug 7 2009 	Not the ideal start to a busniness trip I was expecting!	In preparation to a business meeting, I decided to book into the Cumberland for a good nights rest before the meeting next morning.The hotel is centrally located (right next to Marble Arch Station) and has an impressive foyer ... good start so far. However the check in desk was vastly understaffed resulting in a 20min wait to check in. My booking was not on their system, so after a 5min waith until they found my booking they upgraded my room to a 'king-size' .... a small gesture, but it was very much appreciated.The room was clean and tidy, however there was slight signs of mould around the shower cubicle, otherwise it was fine.The problems started at 11:30, when I returned to my room after an evening out. My room it would seem was directly over their newly opened bar/nightclub and the noise was intollerable. Reception tried to bluff it off by saying it was the surrounding bars and clubs in adjacent street, but having just come from outside, I knew this to be untrue. My request for a room change was denied due to the hotel being 'fully booked'Further complaints at 12:30, 01:30 and 02:00 were not dealt with, until I demanded they book me an alternative hotel as I was checking out. Well, you could have knocked me down with a feather, as the once fully booked Cumberland, now had an alternative room for me. This alternative room was quiet, however it was tiny!The next night, hoping to catch up on some much needed sleep, I was awakened by a 06:30 wake-up call (which most certainly wasnt requested!) In the morning I spoke with the guest relations manager who was very appologetic and was willing to give money off the bill. However as it was a business trip and I had already pre-paid, he was unable to do this or offer anything else!All in all it was a totally dissapointing stay!	
Aug 5 2009 	Poor...not four star. Souless and worn	I was pretty unimpressed really. A striking and large foyer suggested a sophisticated hotel, but not so.....understaffed on reception meant there is a permanent queue, the corridors were gotty (in desperate need of redecoration a lined with rubbish bags that were there overnight), then a room that was comparable with a premier lodge rather than a four star.Sorry, but apprat from the polite reception staff, I really dont have a good word to say. Avoid, avoid, avoid.	
Aug 5 2009 	Fresh and Modern	My husband and I stayed at The Cumberland for 3 nights at the tail end of our wedding/honeymoon trip. On my first trip to London as a child in 1989 my family stayed down the street from The Cumberland at the Bryanston Court hotel. I remember walking by The Cumberland every day on the way to the Marble Arch tube stop and being so impressed by how posh the hotel was . . . they had doormen in top hats! I've been back to London almost every year since 1989 and while I've always thought it would be a kick to stay at The Cumberland I figured it was well out of my price range. For our honeymoon though, I managed to find a great rate on Travelocity and I snapped it up. The Cumberland has undergone an extensive remodel and looks nothing like the hotel I remember. The lobby is sleek, modern and colorful. The check in staff were friendly and efficient. Our room was beautifully designed and we were happy to find all the conveniences we wanted (coffee/tea setup, tv alarm clock, nice big bathtub, etc.) The location is fantastic . . . you're right off of Oxford street with plenty of shopping and dining available. We really enjoyed our stay!	
Aug 4 2009 	hotel with quality	fantastic hotel , cant complain about anything at all this hotel is real quality	
Aug 4 2009 	OK but too big for it's own good	I've stayed at the Cumberland around 4 times now for both business and leisure, but won't be staying again after my last most recent experience, because I realised it's actually pretty inconvenient for a business traveller. The sheer size of the hotel means it's sometimes noisy and your room is often quite a distance from reception. The laundry service admin is abysmal too, you're never sure when you're going to get your items back and I had to chase it down as I was leaving for a flight, while the laundry staff were particularly unhelpful. Clean and comfortable, but not cheap enough to justify the bad service.	
Aug 3 2009 	Fantastic hotel.	When we arrived we were a little bit daunted by the size of the main reception. When we checked in we were told we had been upgraded from a double deluxe to a king deluxe so that was a good start!! We were in the annexe building which was fantastic. The bed was super comfy and the bathroom was amazing. We had no noise whatsoever from the road or other rooms. Would definately stop here again.	
Aug 3 2009 	Good location	The title is the only good thing I can really say about this hotel. It took over 20 minutes to check in, the queue enormous and for something which is a relatively simple procedure seemed to take the four receptionists on duty 20 minutes per couple it was ridiculous. The rooms were small but as that is fairly normal in London I wasn't that bothered. However the window overlooked other rooms and the room itself was very sparse and not particularly that comfortable. There were no bathrobes and the toiletries were limited. Whenever I go to London I am to loyal to a specific area of a brand of hotels and usually go wherever the best deal is. I paid only £80 a night so was happy with this as the location was good, however I would not be recommending this hotel to anyone who was paying £100+/night.	
Jul 31 2009 	Good Location and Value For Money	Stayed for two night mid-week leisure break with my husband. Booked hotel through 'Top Secret Hotel' with Lastminute.co.uk and were please with the rate paid and overall value of the hotel. The hotel is located within a minute walk to Marble Arch Tube station on the Central line and within easy walking distant to Oxford Street shops and Hyde Park. Unless you like to walk you should use the Underground/Bus/Taxis to the other numerous London sites.We check-in at around 1pm and were immediately allocated our room. We were given a complimentary upgrade which was very pleasing. We found the reception staff very quick and courteous. The lobby is large and airey with statues dotted around. Plenty of places to sit. On the lower ground floor is a food court. Gary Rhodes has a Michelin star restaurant and brassiere. Although we did not eat there, the hotel was offering some special offers, £5/£10 per person off the price.The room was on the 7th Floor served by 6 lifts and therefore no queuing necessary. The allocated room was of modern decor with a kingsize bed, large LCD TV (with numerous channels, including Sky, Pay movies, internet etc ), desk and chair. A fridge had two complimentary bottles of water and there was Tea and Coffee making facilities. There wasn't any view of such, only over looking other rooms. The bathroom was once again modern, large walk-in shower, no bath, heated towel rail, and Elermis toiletries. The only negative was the concierge service which was completely understaffed. On our final day we left our bags and when we returned to collect them we had to wait 20 minutes as there was only one staff member who was helping other guests book trips etc and there was around 10 people in the queue. Overall this is a good value hotel in a good location	
Jul 31 2009 	4 star Hotel with a star service	I read the reviews here after I had booked it and was a little worried. Now I have been there I have to say that the previous reviews are totally wrong. The Cumberland is a fantastic hotel and I have stayed in many 5 star hotels not as good as this 4 star.We recieved a free upgrade when we checked in and all the staff we came into contact with were superb. The room was clean and very well equipped and the Kua bar was fabulous.I highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London.	
Jul 28 2009 	great location in a modern hotel	stayed at the cumberland for 3 nights in july for a weekend getaway with my fiancee and my daughter. The hotel was modern and trendy and our room was large with a see-through do to the bathroom. The halls were a little tired down, but the room looked like it was newly renovated. Both the bar and the fitness center was excellent! The breakfast was okay, but crowded every morning. Location is perfect. 1 minute from the marble arch tube station and just across the street is hyde park.	
Jul 27 2009 	Good hotel with some drawbacks	We got a great deal online for our two nights at the Cumberland, as did many others, judging by the 15 minute queue for check in. No points for exclusivity either as this is a huge hotel, with hundreds of residents at any one time. If you stay in the annexe, as we did, you'll find a much quieter prospect, but the main building feels like an airport , such is the size of the foyer. Our room wasy very modern in design and comfortable, with everything we needed. Some of the modern fittings are just daft! A sink with nowhere to leave your soap and too far from the mirror to shave properly, for example. The staff we encountered were reasonably efficient, but I suspect hard pressed, as we has to ask several times for additional room supplies. The breakfast seems very expensive at £23.00 Why not visit the Tyburn opposite, where you can get breafast for less than a fiver.Internet access was free at the Tyburn. The hotel charge £6 PER HOUR! This is absurd. Why can't hotels in the UK offer this service for free, as do many hotels abroad?	
Jul 25 2009 	Over-promises significantly under-delivers	10 minute wait to check-in, dodged the hoover and full rubbish bag abandoned outside our room (still there many hours later), stains on the sofa, our non-smoking room smelt of cigarettes (tried to contact front desk, twice the line rang out, third time I was told someone would call back but no-one did).In their own blurb they labour the claim to offer the highest standards in quality and service. They should stop kidding themselves and their clients.	
Jul 22 2009 	Tiny room with dreadful layout	Upon entering this hotel the foyer and public areas look very contemporary and slick but really for a 1000 room hotel are badly lacking in seats and areas to congregate in. I was staying with my wife in room 6103 which is very small, horribly designed double room and was astonished to see the bed pushed up against the wall so that it could only be accessed from the bottom or one side only, something that would be more fitting in a shabby 2* hotel not a 4*. Perhaps because this booking was made through lastminute.com on a 50% off deal I was allocated an inferior room, my wife and I were very dissappointed and wont be returning.	
Jul 22 2009 	Hotel from Hell	The largest hotel in London and probably the worst.NEVER NEVER NEVER book into this hotel unless every hotel in London is fully booked,even then sleep in the park. To much to explain,as I have a long term illness and disability. So am not able to do much typing.All I can say is they treated us appallingly.even mangagement did not care.	
Jul 22 2009 	Awesome Hotel!	We absolutely loved our stay at the Cumberland! The location is great for tourists- right near Hyde Park, the Tube and walking distance to many sights. The room was a good size, and we loved the decor. Make sure you eat at Rhodes W1 Restaurant-it was the best food we had in Europe!	
Jul 22 2009 	They Have Serious Problems	The below is an email sent to the management with no feedbackDear Concerned person,It is almost the first time in my professional life to find myself sitting in front a computer to write such a complaint to highlight an unsatisfactory stay at your hotel. Through out my professional career, I have conducted hundreds of personal and business stays, and most of them were either in 5+ or 4+ hotels through Europe, Americas and Middle East. My stay at your hotel (Cumberland London) proved to be the worst ever and made me think twice not only to revisit any UK hotel, but also to revisit the country with my family.To brief you, I stayed with my family on a personal journey from July 15 to July 18 at your hotel. The tragedy started when I first entered the hotel. Your services incompetency can be summarized as below:ReservationAlthough I had a confirmed voucher and reservation number, I had to stay for couple of hours waiting for the receptionist to sort out the problem of my reservation with the local travel agency. I have to admit that he was trying to help, but due to internal process, I was suffering from a delay and was exhausted after traveling 8 hours with my family from Canada. Our previous request (mentioned in the reservation) for 2 double interconnected rooms. Due to the unavailability and lack of rooms, we had to stay all of the first night in one room. The option was that to have two separated rooms. I can’t keep my 3 years old and 7 months baby in a room on their own. I waited till the next day to get the needed rooms at 4 pm !!!!! Although they called and said that they room is ready, we had to wait near the room for 1 hour (from 3 to 4) till she actually finishes cleaning the room. Internet AccessI called to enquire about accessing the internet and I was told that I have to buy a voucher to access the wireless network. I went downstairs and bought a 24 hour voucher for GBP4 extra than the price mentioned in your service guide. However, I said fine, I need to check urgent emails and I had to do it. I went upstairs and tried to connect, but the signal was so poor. I thought the problem was in my laptop, but realized later that the signal is in deed poor. I called the maintenance again and they came after 2 hours to amaze me with another fact” yes sir, we don’t have good coverage here, you have to connect through the cable”. I said ok, I do have the voucher and I can access. He said no, this has a different cost and you have to pay extra. Come on guys!!! This should have been communicated to me before. Why do you sell wireless vouchers (over priced) if you can not satisfy the need ??!!! They even rejected refunding me the voucher amount. Room ServiceWe came back to the room from a long day with my family to find a disgusting smell in the room. We though the smell was from the street or ventilation, so we opened the window. But the smell never gone, so I had to search the two rooms for the source of the smell and found a black rubbish bag behind one of the room’s door. It seems the person who came to service the room gathered the rubbish of the whole floor and kept it in my room. I was so pissed off and called the guest relation desk (that was at 11 pm). I explained the problem and she said well we don’t have room service now and you have to wait till morning. I told her should I keep the bag with the smell till tomorrow, she said well, its up to you ??!!!!!!!. What a caring person.??? What the message the hotel attempting to convey ???!!!Another hassle with room service, we used the towels and kept them on the floor to be changed. We were surprised to see the same towels hanged on the heating bars for drying and to be re-used. What am I suppose to do to request for a change??There are no standards in room facilities. You might find 2 phones in a room and one in the other. A trash bin under the desk in one room but nothing in the other room. The TV remote control was broken in one room and its clearly seen to a room service employee who keeps on shifting it while cleaning. The battery cap was missing and replaced by a black tape. On the check out, the receptionist asked me” did you have a pleasant stay sir”. I said “ No”. He then said, well, since you already paid the travel agency then you don’t owe us anything – as if my answer was not related to his question. That was my wife and kids’ first (and last) visit to UK and the impression you people left was adequate to drop London for any future visit to Europe. I don’t want to compare your hotel to American standards or Gulf Hotels because that would be totally unfair, but comparable to a 3 star hotel in Europe, you guys need to work hard to gain trust and confidence. As a word of mouth, I will never stop feed backing people on my experience, not forgetting websites. The only advantage of your hotel is the location. By the way, based on what I have seen, I don’t expect a feedback – I will be surprised if I receive any.	
Jul 21 2009 	Good location - good potential - poor hotel	I'll start with the positives. This hotel is in a great location for staying in London and seeing the sights around the main tourist areas. The hotel was also relatively clean. However unfortunately this hotel is trying to be trendy and looses sight of the reason a hotel exists! For example there is a massive foyer with coloured lights and art work but there are 6 lifts, while we were there 2 didn't work that leaves 4 lifts. There must be over 100 rooms on each floor. The queues at the lifts were long, often lifts would stop which were already full. I took the stairs on several occasions (which they don't direct you too for good reason they are grubby).But unfortunately there is more to it than that. The first room we were in was designed so that there was a wall sized head board with an etched design on it and random wooded bits with a lit up picture. However the double bed was pushed up against the wall and the TV covered half the window. The whole room could have been laid out differently to have allowed the space for the bed to have access at both sides and the TV to be on a wall! But it was arty look that is more important than the function. For example even though they know there are 2 people staying in a room one bath towel is on the heated rail the other is in the wardrobe!In our first night there we had a visit from a member of staff who walked into our room without knocking and then left without saying anything when they saw us there! We also found that there was a lot of noise from the club across the street. But the most annoying noise was at 7.15am which was a loud banging of pipes sound which woke us then and then again at about 9am. We complained at reception who did move us but seemed unconcerned regarding the noise and I don't think will have had anyone look at it, so the next people will have the same pleasure.The second night of our stay we were put in a larger room. This time they had found the space for access at both sides of the bed, but the same issues remained in terms of function and the lighting wasn't great for anyone who wanted to work at the desk! I just think that this hotel has so much potential, it is in a great location, it has reasonable sized rooms (for London) but it is wasted on trying to be arty and clever and isn't either. I was disappointed this hotel could be SO much better.	
Jul 21 2009 	nice but expensive to eat/drink in hotel	hotel was very modern and twin room was excellent. Breakfast was good but go to market in Lower ground rather than brasserie on ground floor. went for ashes cricket at lords and was about 25 mins walk. hotel is in upmarket part of town and as such bar and restaurant in hotel was far to expensive and i resent paying 12% service change for a bottle of beer. However hotels is ideal for shopping/sightseeing in london with many nice restaurants nearby	
Jul 20 2009 	Pick your room carefully	We were allocated a smoking room despite asking for non smoking. The room was tiny by any standard with the double bed pushed against a side wall. Went to reception who where great. Allocated another room which overlooked their huge air conditioning units which gave out a terrible drooning noise. Found horrible stains on the bed throw !. Went to reception who were great yet again. Allocated another room, king size double on the 2nd floor which had double glazing and a nice looking bathroom. Nice room and finally and settled there. The hotel is at the Hyde Park ( Marble Arch ) end of Oxford Street so great location for shops, parks and all things London. If you are using your car you need to build in the NCP parking charges to your weekend. The car park is just a few minutes walk from the hotel. We arrived on a Saturday about 1pm, left Sunday about 5pm. The bill was £63. Overall, this is a very large hotel with very helpfull staff, but let down by the quality of rooms. It's nice to see their fantastic reception area but I'm not going to sleep there. Checkout your allocated room before you unpack.	
Jul 20 2009 	Not as good as expected	Specified a non-smoking room when I booked (and paid),but on arrival was told none available. Room was on the top (smokers!!) floor and very noisy due to air-con, I think.Did not eat breakfast as thought almost £22 per person excessive. Would recommend for location.	
Jul 18 2009 	Acceptable	Decided to try out The Cumberland based upon a friend's recommendation this short trip down to London. Arrived early morning as a result of a Sleeper service from Scotland and was quite impressed that they let me check in at 8am.1) Lobby is very spacious and modern, 2) Reception is swift but staff could do with lessons in smiling - minor gripe, 3) Corridors leading to the rooms are covered in marks, peeling paint and dirty carpets, 4) Room was a good size for a single. I have stayed in hotel rooms the size of broom cupboards in London for the same price. Again, very modern furnishings and had both an iron and trouser press that was handy for me. Carpets however were again dirty (appears to be a recurring theme).5) Toilet facilities are the most important to me and they were exceptional in this case. Extremely clean and modern. Good pressure from the showers. Only gripe was with not fully cleaned towels that were swiftly replaced following a call to housekeeping.6) Hotel is well placed around the corner from the Marble Arch tube station and is useful for most purposes.7) Check-out was efficient and satisfactory.Overall, a reasonable price for a well-located hotel room within central london but would benefit from a good scrubbing of the carpets in ALL areas!	
Jul 16 2009 	Excellent	I bookek this hotel as I got a great deal through Superbreak, then read the reviews and thought I had made a huge mistake, as it turned out I worried over nothing, the rooms were much bigger that the Hilton, hair dryer, ironing board and iron were all in room, only complaint here was the shower in bathroom is not well designed, the location is fab and as for the person who said it was a nightmare to get a taxi outside the hotel, did they miss the taxi rank right outside the front door, the breakfast was the best I have had in a four star london hotel, how much choice does a person need.While there my mother fell over in M&amp;S and broke her arm, the staff in the hotel couldnt have been more helpfull even letting her stay in her room untill it was time to go for our train. I would defo stay here again.	
Jul 16 2009 	Not a great place for a family	I just got back and I found this hotel to be a big disappointment.In all fairness, it's probably geared more to the business traveler. I was on vacation and my 2 kids, ages 14 &amp; 11.My check in took a solid 20 minutes. It must have been the guys first day because he needed to ask the woman next to him a question every second. She checked in 3 people while he worked on me. The rooms are extremely small with a very small bathroom. Sparse is the key word here.Great if I were on a business trip and needed a place to crash for a night. Not great to live in for 3 days.The place looks as if it were an institution of some sort(like a hospital or dormitory) that has been converted into a hotel.Each room has a small refrigerator with 2 bottles of water. They never replaced them after the first day. Small stuff, I know but it all starts to add up.I was also propositioned 2 nights in a row by the same hooker standing right in front of the hotel. I don't mean near the hotel.....I mean 3 feet from the entrance.I asked to borrow an Ipod charger and they informed me that they did have one but it had been stolen. I thought they might go get another one since I was pretty sure, I wasn't the only one who would need it.They never did .Again, little things but they all add up.The one positive of my stay was with the Concierge Desk. They were extremely helpful no matter what time of day I went to them. Great crew.In summary, there are probably better places geared to a family on vacation than this.	
Jul 14 2009 	OK Value but can be noisy.	I stayed at the Cumberland with work for 2 nights and got almost no sleep... mainly thanks to very noisy air-conditioning.The hotel is Ok and in a great location opposite Marble Arch, but I'd stay elsewhere in future.In particular, the breakfast queue was ridiculous... we wanted a quick bite to eat before starting work, but had to wait 20 mins to be seated.	
Jul 14 2009 	Okay much better hotels near by for only a little more cash	Work out me up here for one night. It was pleasant enough and clean. the bar is fine. I haven't eaten here. The lobby has a strange feel to it. Its very central. I just think that really, although the rooms had obviously been refurbished very recently, the quality of the furnishings was not, in my opinion, four star. Its okay and reasonable value for money forthe location but there are some much better hotels close by, which may cost a little more but are worth the extra.	
Jul 12 2009 	Not strictly a 4* but pleasant enough	We booked through lastminute, so only paid less than half the normal price. We only stayed one night and stayed in the annex but had a nice, pleasant stay. I wouldn't say this is a 4* compared to other hotels I've stayed in, mainly due to the fact that after you've passed the grand entrance, the rooms are a little tatty. There was rust around some of the metal fixtures in the bathroom, seals peeling away from the shower door, cigarette burns in some of the furniture (and we had a non-smoking room) and a rip in the corner of the duvet cover. Apart from these small faults, the room was very well layed out and the bed was comfortable with very clean linen. After reading the check-in problems in previous reviews I was a little apprehensive, but when we arrived (which was 10:30 am) there was a small queue and there were plenty of staff on the desk so we only had to wait for less than 10 minutes. Check out was even quicker with no queue at all. Normal check out time is midday which is good. It is only 50 yards from Marble Arch tube station which is very handy.If I had paid full price I would've complained about the few minor faults, but for £85 for the 2 of us I think this wasn't bad value for money at all.	
Jul 11 2009 	Adequate but overpriced	Stayed 5 nights at this hotel, it was like a madhouse. The lobby is full of lowly-lit modern art and is horribly load when crowded. It was hard to see and hear. The rooms were actually fairly spacious for Europe, but just kinda boring -- all beige &amp; white. No colored curtains, paintings, etc. The best thing about the hotel was the breakfast buffet -- which was fantastic. So much variety. The hotel is perfectly located as well, right off of Hyde Park and Oxford Street.	
Jul 8 2009 	Convenient and stylish on the surface but little to back it up	I stayed at the Cumberland with 5 friends, in 3 rooms, which we booked and paid for in advance with a travel agent. Check-in time was 2pm, but by 3pm we still only had 2 rooms and they said that they didn't have a 3rd twin room for us. After much negotiating, a double room was provided - not what we asked for. If you stay here, ask for a room far away from the lifts, because they go ding-ding all night - the door to the lift area wouldn't close, so 2 of the 3 rooms suffered sleepless nights because of this. The breakfast was tasty, but was like being in a school canteen - perhaps inevitable with a hotel of this size. The hotel is very convenient, and looks good, but I would search hard to find a deal elsewhere before staying here again.	
Jul 7 2009 	Adequate not amazing though	We stayed here for 2 nights the weekend of 3-5 July for: concert in Hyde Park (great location for that as it's just across the road), shopping (great location for that too as it's situated at the end of Oxford Street) and a concert at Wembley. Overall it was fine, we got a reasonable deal at £238 for 2 adults for 2 nights including breakfast. I am aware from someone at check-in that some people pay £160+ for one night without breakfast. Reception resembles a nightclub, it was very gloomy and uninviting to be honest, and the queue to check-in was very long (we waited about 30 mins) which it seemed from all the staff going into the back room was as a result of having to code the key cards out of sight. The room was stylish although typical London size, the wardrobe space was small (but as we were only there for 2 nights not a problem) and the room had all the usual equipment and even a trouser press. The giant flat-screen TV didn't work (we didn't bother to report it as we only wanted to check on the wimbledon score) and right outside the window was a noisy air conditioning unit. The bathroom door was frosted glass but was more of a screen than a door as it didn't block out any noise between bedroom and bathroom. The 2 teabags were used on the first night but had not been replaced the next day. And I can't say I'm a fan of green tea! Breakfast was adequate but nothing special.... I'm not a fan of fry-ups; there was warm toast, croissants, pain chocolat, and an empty basket where it appears they did at one point have cereal (and at 50 mins before breakfast finished on a saturday was pretty rubbish service). On the plus side they were good at offering tea &amp; coffee and even refilling your cup later on. Check-out was a lot quicker than check-in and they were happy to store our bags for the day. Would I stay again? Probably not - unless there was some super-fantastic deal on! Tip: if you need to get to Victoria, it is much easier to cross the road and walk just a minute down Hyde Park Lane and get the bus rather than lug your bags around on the tube.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great Location but all gloss and no substance.	The Hotel Cumberland is ideally located for shopping on Oxford St and for sights, dining etc around Mayfair and Knightsbridge. Marble Arch tube is feet away and the Edgeware Rd with all it`s many restaraunts only a street away. That said the Hotel trys to be something it isnt which is smart modern and contemporary. It`s all been done before only better and slicker. For instance the room we had was small and poorly lit with natural light and was given to us as an upgrade to a `park view` room which it was definately not unless you used a prism to view the park. The bathroom was smart however with a great large double shower and the complimentary toiletries were good products. Our room only had one set of towels but this was remedied with a call to reception. The modern minimalist feel is a little poorly done with wonky Ikea bargain bin light fittings and the most badly fitted and poor picture quality tv. A large LCD tv is great but the clean lines are defeated when fitted badly with an ugly array of wires on view. We are being picky but the blurb for the hotel makes claims about this hotels style and kudos which it cannot hope to live up to. Our room was reasonably priced given the location and the buffet breakfast is okay. As ever don`t be deceived by a super cool reception all that space is wasted largely with too few chairs for waiting. The queues for people booking in and checking out are always long although the staff do their best it`s just a busy hotel so be prepared and this rate of custom definately affects room service requests.	
Jul 6 2009 	Welcome to truly hideous value for money.	I am well aware that trying to find value in Central London is no easy task. I am also aware that if you are going to stay in a hotel with such an amazing location , you are going to have to pay for the privilege. However....... The check in is truly a disgrace. Indifferent staff blithely work at a snail's pace , well aware that the queues are reaching Wimbledon proportions. The forced cheeriness of the staff seems somewhat inappropriate when you have been sweating half your body weight off waiting for the dim prospect of reaching the desk. The room is functional at best. Except the air conditioning which did not function at all. I must admit I did enjoy the shower , but sleep was well nigh impossible thanks to the searing heat. I like the foyer. It has an odd sort of wow factor. But once you are inside the main part of the hotel it all feels very tired , with chipped wood , ragged carpeting , and cleaning staff arguing in incomprehensible languages. Not good really. But for the money paid , apalling.	
Jul 6 2009 	minimal service for extra price	I have been in this hotel for 5 days during some conferences. First contact with it you can say it is obviously huge : around 1000 rooms!Problem is that people working there are not as numerous as they should be (even if they are very polite) : result is - 30 minutes waiting to check in-Mini bar have never been refill (it actually contains 2 bottles of water)-I could never get my clothes sent to the laundry service (bag full of clothes remains on my bed for 2 days)As room rate is quite high (around 250€ per night) i was expecting service to be much better than this.As usual in London rooms are small and you can hear noise coming from the streets.To make it short it could be nice if the hotel was smaller or/and team bigger.Good points are breakfast (expensive but very nice), situation (it is close from marbble arch), and the wireless internet which is quite ok.	
Jul 5 2009 	fine if you get it cheap enough	Hotel clean and my room was modern and pleasant if a little small. Not really a 4* experience bedroom but perhaps they keep the better rooms for people who pay more than I did- through an internet discount site. Excellent location. As other people have said, reception area is clinical, large and unwelcoming. The same goes for the bar- no natural light, over air conditioned and terribly expensive. i went around the corner after the first night to another major hotel--a much more welcoming and chaper bar. Gym small- do as i did and run in Hyde park!However, for a single traveller--ok and at a very reasonable price	
Jun 30 2009 	great location comfy room but all style and little substance	I’ll go with the positives first: great location - near the tube, near Oxford st, near Hyde park – and by near, I mean next to. Our room (delux double) was very decent size, clean with big TV and nice comfy bed. In terms of the negatives, there wasn’t one big thing and it was nothing outrageously bad, just lots of little things that in the end added up to a very mixed experience.My biggest issue is the indifferent, border-line rude staff (bar for one man at the reception who organised a late checkout for us). This wouldn’t grate me so much if they didn’t go out of their way on the website and in the hotel welcome pack to sing praises to how wonderful the staff will make you feel… The lobby is cold, dark and unwelcoming, full of bizarre modern art which they seem very proud of. When I’m in the mood for modern art I will go to Tate (and did), I don’t need it in my face at the hotel. You have to line up for at least 15 mins at the reception for absolutely any request, the queues are constant. The bathroom looks good but is highly unpractical: the door is made of glass and doesn’t close properly, the only way to turn the shower on is to be blasted with cold water first and there was no way to adjust the pressure. We did get a good deal through lasminute.com so overall I am ok with it all and would probably stay again (at that price). But if I had paid the full price, I would have been quite unimpressed.	
Jun 28 2009 	Location the only good thing about it!	I stayed there for 2 nights in June 2009 and the only good thing I have to report of the hotel is the location. The first room we were allocated on the 1st floor, above the nightclub located within the hotel. The room was extremely small, we could not walk round both sides of the bed and all we could hear was the music from the club. When we complained we were told we had already been upgraded to a room with a view....I do not know about you but i do classify the air conditioning units as a view!! They then said they would call us back and luckily we did not wait around and half an hour later decided to pay them a visit at the reception! The second room we were given was better in size and no noise but the air conditioning was not working and there was no remote for the television and therefore we could not turn it on, not to mention the half empty shampoo bottle and the 'clean towel' with a dirty line down it. By this time it was 1am and we did not feel we were getting anywhere so settled for the stuffy room for the night and were told that we could change rooms in the morning. Therefore, on the way to breakfast we reported the problems to reception and asked if they could either be fix the air con or be moved to a room with air con - we were told that they would get somebody onto it. After returning from breakfast we confirmed that the matter was in hand (we learnt from the night before that they do not tend to do things the first time and require to be chased up). The reception assured us that it was being dealt with so you can imagine our annoyance when we return from an enjoyable day out to be told that they had no record of our problem. At this point, we asked to speak to the duty manager who refused to see us. Therefore, the staff on reception had to keep going back and forth between us and the duty manager in the back room to try and resolve the problem! We eventually got an 'upgrade' with broken air conditioning. Due to the length of our short stay and it being 7pm of our final night we did not feel it was worth another complaint/felt we were getting anywhere with them and therefore, settled for a fan to be brought to the room. We we arrived that there was an irrate customer at the reception my initial reaction was that there was no need for his behaviour. However, within 2 hours of being in the hotel I could understand why some people could be pushed to such behaviour. Breakfast was distinctly average, to the extent we did not utilise our B&amp;B rate the second morning and opted to get breakfast at a local coffee shop. The service was awful and for a duty manager to sit in the backroom and let his staff take the flack sums up the hotel. All in all....an awful experience that I would not wish on anyone.	
Jun 26 2009 	5/5 for Location and appearance.	We had read the mixed reviews on this site before we arrived so were prepared. The hotel is right above Marble Arch tube so it was easy to get to with our luggage which was great. On arrival we were inpressed by the lobby area. The check-in queue was not too long but it still took a long time to check in (although the man on reception was very friendly). We got up to our room to find that the key cards had not been activated! Back down to reception we went. This time the queue was much larger but to be fair more recepion staff did appear to deal with everyone. The room itself was very clean and a good size compared to other London hotels we have stayed in. I was not too keen on the bedding. At first I thought our bed had not been made up as the white coverings looked more like protectors that covers! The bathroom looked beautiful but did not function as well as it should. The shower door did not shut completely so when we had showers the bathroom flooded. Also the spike in the sink (forementioned in other reviews) made washing our faces difficult! The mirror was too far behind the sink to get close enough to put in contact lenses or to have a shave.On the third day we arrived back at our room to find that your keycards did not work again but on pushing our door it opened as it had been left open by the cleaning staff! Of I went again to the queue in reception!We did not use the breakfast room, instead opting for the Pret next door. We did have a drink and a snack in one of the bars one evening. It was pretty pricey but worth it as the food was great.We would definately stay here again because the location was so great.	
Jun 25 2009 	Slowest check in and check out ever.	Having waited 30 minutes to check out, I was told ' you have to understand that the hotel is very busy due to Wimbledon'. When I pointed out that only 3 of 7 computer stations in reception were manned, and that they should bring in more staff during Wimbledon, I was met with a stony silence.Going by many of the other reviews here, the Wimbledon reference was simply an excuse.I won't go back.	
Jun 25 2009 	Decent location very poor service	Do not expect friendly service from the females at the front desk. I have stayed there twice in two months and on both occasions, the females I dealt with were very unwelcoming, bordering on rude. The males were a little more courteous. In particular, Tony is very nice.The rooms are small, but clean and not bad value for London considering the price. I was given a standard room on my first stay and a deluxe room on the second. There was not any significant difference between the two. The deluxe room was only slightly larger in size but it is not really worth the extra cost. Both rooms had the same size bed, same terrible flat pillows and similar views of a dirty brick wall. On the positive side, the breakfast room has plenty of variety. However, if you don't want to pay the steep hotel breakfast price, just walk next door to Pret-a-Manger and grab a coffee and pastry for 4 pounds. I think the only really good thing about the hotel is the location if you want to go shopping down Oxford St and it's proximity to the tube where both are less than a minutes walk away.	
Jun 24 2009 	Lobby looks great but all the redecorating is not finished	We did not have the horror stories of check in but to get to our room we did have to walk over some left over bottles and food wrappers in the hall way which only highlighted the tired look of the carpet and walls. Our room did not resemble any of the photo's. There was barely a foot to the wall from the end of the bed. Most of the room had been remodelled but you could see the finishing touches had not been done, like the bubbling and rusty paint job around the shower. Reminded me of the Ramada's when they went down hill. Also the shower door would not close all the way causing us to have to lay towels down on the floor. Also the room was located near the internal corridor where they moved around the trolleys with the towels on them, I would guess from the noise that they made. If they make the rest of the place look like the lobby then I think it should be fine. The concierge was brill! Good for a place to sleep.	
Jun 22 2009 	Not as bad as its made out!	we stayed at the Cumberland on the 20th of June for 1 night. when it came to checking in i had already called the hotel to express my concerns at the possibility of having to wait a long time to check in (as some comments on here said they were waiting up to an hour) and they had put my name down for early check in. We arrived at 1pm, and a very friendly receptionist came over and took our details and we were in the room within 5 mins! No fuss! The room was on the 7th floor, view was not amazing but okay. It was clean, the bed and comfy and the bathroom was immaculate, the towels were super fluffy as well. Unfortunately the shower door didn’t close and as the shower was so powerful it made a bit of a mess but that was about the only problem. TV worked perfectly and was very nicely mounted on the wall. Not a lot of room for hanging of clothes...so probably not good for more than 2/3nights when it came to space. We were going to the theatre, went to the reception and the porter hailed us a taxi in about 1 second!! Iron in the room was good as well!Upon our return to the hotel, we did find an empty McDonalds bag outside our door, but no other problems. It was very quiet and seemed to go perfectly!Reception smelt really nice!! Quiet strange!Oh be warned...THE BAR IS EXPENSIVE!! £5 for a shot of Gin and £4.50 for tonic water! There is a quiet little pub just round the corner called the Quebec which is more suitable for price (£6.10 for a Becks and a Gin and tonic!)When we checked out, it was swift and convenient, the Concige kept our bags for about 6 hours after we had checked out.Overall a great choice! Don’t be to put off by what people have said, if your worried about checking in just give them a call, they are super helpful!	
Jun 19 2009 	All about the looks....	Stayed here for 1 night last weekend - arrived to check in at approx 3pm (so an hour later than the check in time stated by the hotel!) Reception / foyer is large &amp; very modern, feels more like an art gallery than a hotel. However - Queues for checking in were long, and seemed to be taking forever. Finally got the desk, only to be told that a room would not be available for another 15 mins, and to wait in the seating area (with all the other people who's rooms didn't seem to be ready either) and they'd come &amp; find me when it was ready. Except they didn't actually bother to do this.... After 30 mins my patience was wearing thin, so went to the front of the queue to see what the issue was. 20 mins of faffing about with the computers later, I finally had a room key, and then made my way through the maze of corridors to my room. Small single room, quirky lay out but fine for the one night stay. Bed was comfy, flat screen TV etc. Room was very warm and stuffy though (was 26C in London) but air con far too noisy to have on overnight unfortunately...Ate from Room Service menu that evening - quick &amp; tasty. Breakfast next morning - seemed to be lots of choice, huge serving area and was pretty busy, even early on a Sunday morning, so I imagine queues would be an issue at peak times. Good choice of food though, and it was all decent enough, apart from the soggy toast!! Check out was fine - avoided the large Q at the reception desk this time, and asked the lady at the Guest Services counter to help as I was in a hurry, which she duly did!! You can't beat the location of this hotel, so central, esp if you are in London for the shopping! Very easy to get around from here, tube station just round the corner and plenty of buses &amp; taxis. Just a shame the organisation / customer service at Reception is so lacking....	
Jun 16 2009 	Good hotel ruined by bad organisation	How disappointed was I with London's fanmous Cumberland Hotel.Arriving in the huge foyer I thought it seemed like an airport departures lounge as run by Damien Hirst and I soon found out why.The labyrinthine hotel computer system meant that check in took about 10-20 minutes per guest and lead to the various forlorn clusters of bored and angry looking folk with luggage dotted hither and thon.We discovered the hotel hadn't provided us with a cot (although they said they would when we rang them the evening before) and that locating one would mean we couldn't be allocated a room for over an hour. (???!)[I should add that the evening before when we'd rung the hotel staff couldn't even find our booking and it took many minutes on an 0871- phone line, and dealing with various stroppy and stressed sounding counter staff, before we were informed everything was fine.]Anyway the queue to check in was matched by chaos at the concierge desk (it was even worse when checking out!) and various other hopeless delays.The room itself was small but clean and functional, but if I'd paid full price I would've been disappointed by the lack of the usual litytle luxuries, like bath robes and bottled water. The paucity of towels and ancient CRT TV were let downs too.The hotel does have its good points, besides location, but it really needs to sort its admin out, train its staff properly and streamline its procedures before I'd ever dream of returning there.	
Jun 11 2009 	Perfect Location!	I have stayed here before and we choose this hotel because of the location! Bang on Oxford Street, and Marble Arch tube station just on the block! Modern rooms and bathrooms. They had a electricity cut on the Sunday that we were there and we only wish they could inform the guests who had booked in advance! Apart from that, we had a great stay, very nice and helpful staff and the concierge as well. You must try the Portes Des Indes, Indian Restaurant right round the corner. Lots of things to do around, all walking distance or take the bus to Oxford Circus, Leicester Square, Covent Gardens all very easily accessible.	
Jun 6 2009 	Style of substance: poor value for money	I stayed two nights in June 2009 as I was attending a seminar in the same hotel.Location good for top of Oxford St/Marble Arch and foyer incredible: vast open perfumed space with artwork/sculptures. Looked like a modern art gallery and very good first impression.Booked online and requested non-smoking and quiet end-of-corridor room. Was asked for smoking or non-smoking room at reception, which may have been for confirmation rather than not reading the booking form but then discovered my room was beside the lifts and I loudly heard the BING of every lift arriving.First room (5106) singleRoom well-appointed but smaller than expected and but in need of a refurbish as shabby in places. Shower design ridiculous: you had to turn on the shower from in front of it (and in range), having no idea what temperature water you would be soaked with. Bathroom floods until shower door closed.TV quality poor, no WiFi reception (though advertised), internet lead did not work. Told somebody would fix internet lead immediately, but didn't happen.Complained that I needed an internet connection and wasn't happy with room beside lifts and immediately 'upgraded' to double room in Executive suits which were in an adjacent but connected building. That sounded good.Second room (508) double The double room appeared even small than my previous single, but it was at teh end of the corridor and the bathroom looked a bit bigger, though with the same stupid shower. WiFi reception was good - though had to be re-logged at least very hour- but the TV quality was still mediocre. I came away not feeling like I got value for money.	
Jun 3 2009 	perfect location	i found this hotel excellent for its location on Oxford street, hyde park, tube access...income hall is quite impressive but there is no homogenity in the modern aspect of this hotel. if that's the reason you would choose the Cumberland than don't. saterday queus at the reception, sunday queus for breakfast confirm the standard average quality of this hotel.	
May 25 2009 	Very slow service not fitting of such an expensive hotel	My partner and I stayed here in May for the weekend. We arrived to a check-in queue of more than 40 people, and when we questioned the receptionist he told us that this was normal for a Saturday, and was quite nonchalant about it. The next morning, the queues for breakfast were enormous and there was an air of general chaos in the restaurant, with messy tables and no-one seemingly clearing them up.On the plus side, the room was very nice though small by any standard. The location was good too but I was not impressed overall as this was not exactly cheap.	
May 21 2009 	Gorgeous hotel	Stayed here with my boyfriend and another couple in March 2009.We drove to London and parked in a near by NCP car park for about £30 for two days, it's about a 2 min walk away. The hotel doesn't have it's own parking.It is in a brilliant location, it's at the top of Oxford street, the end where Selfridges and Primark is, so it took approx 2 mins to walk there, GREAT location for shoppers like me!!! First impressions of the hotel was that it's modern and fashionable. There are a few random statues inside, you'll see what I mean...strange art :o) Gary Rodes's restaurant is also in the hotel which we had a drink in the bar.The check in process was quite slow as it's such a busy hotel but the receptionist was pleasent enough. The rooms were modern and had all relevant facilities. In the bathroom you have Elemis products which I love anyway which is a nice touch. I can't comment on food as we didn't eat in the hotel as we had too much to fit in the two days we were there and opted to eat out.All in all it's a lovely hotel in a great location. I would say stay here as it's gorgeous. Enjoy :o)	
May 19 2009 	modern but not functional	i went to london for the first time and found a great deal at the cumberland. at first glance, one would think that the hotel lobby was a modern art museum. the rooms are very clean and look like an ikea showroom. aesthetically speaking, the bathroom was very nice with new updates, but the layout was weird and not functional. the shower door didn't close all the way so the floor was always wet. the hotel staff, with the exception of those at the front desk, were all very friendly and helpful. the hotel is right by marble arch station so getting to from place to place was really easy and efficient. hyde park is about a 5 minute walk from the hotel. there is plenty of shopping and sight-seeing to be done near the hotel. lastly, if you decide to bring your laptop, know that you have to pay for wi-fi in your room and the cumberland charges for use of their computers in the business center. overall, a nice hotel, but an even nicer location.	
May 18 2009 	Absolutely Outstanding Hotel - We both Loved it!	Booked as a suprise weekend for my sister, and we were both extremely impressed with the hotel.Reception had a fantastic smell of perfume, without being overpowering. Check-in/out was quick, and we were offered a room with a view. The conciege were extremely helpful and looked after our bags until the time that the room was available and also after check-out.The beds were perfectly soft and the triple shower was impressive. The hotel is quiet so you will get a good nights rest, but its also located next to the tube-station for easy movement throughout the city.	
May 18 2009 	location is perfect for london	Very good location in london, just off oxford street,1 min walk from marble arch tube station. room only rate with booking.com, we did not eat in the hotel so i can't comment on that but the rooms were perfect and clean, all i want out of a hotel is good location,clean rooms and helpful staff, which i found here.I would recommend this hotel to my friends and would definitely stay here again.	
May 18 2009 	Triumph of form over function	We stayed in this hotel for one night to avoid the need to drive home after a business function. We selected this particular hotel mainly for its location (which is very good). The reception area is rather anonymous (something like a railway station concourse) but the service at the reception desk was efficient. However, having previously booked a non-smoking room, we were surprised to be questioned again about this when we checked-in. Our room was on the 4th floor and was relatively straightforward to find. The first problem we encountered was that on opening the door we were hit by a very strong smell of stale cigarette smoke. The Cumberland's idea of what constitutes a 'non-smoking' room appears to be one that isn't supplied with ashtrays. There was clear evidence of cigarette burns on some of the furniture and fixtures and it looked as though the room had been used extensively by smokers over a period of time. Other than the absence of ashtrays, there were no signs to indicate that smoking was not permitted. As we were running very late, after a short debate, we reluctantly decided to stay in the room as it was only for one night. We then launched into preparing ourselves for our night out. At first glance, the bathroom is very sleek and ‘modern’; however as the title of this review implies it is very much a case of ‘form over function’ and some of the features are, frankly, not fit for purpose. The wash basin is one of the shallow glass bowl types and is positioned between 2 and 3 feet in front of the mirror, which makes shaving or applying make-up problematic to say the very least, particularly when you have anything other than perfect distance vision. The other problem with the hand basin is that the ‘plug’ arrangement protrudes vertically up from the centre of the bowl and you run the risk of poking your eye if you lower your face close to the water. Finally, in our experience, it was impossible to use this basin without sloshing water everywhere – the chambermaids must really ‘love’ mopping out these bathrooms. Next up was the shower: on the face of it this is a good spacious shower cubicle with quality fittings. Unfortunately, this again does not pass the functionality test. Firstly, on our cubicle, the door would not remain shut and you had to keep your foot against it to avoid water being sprayed outside. Secondly, the shower valve and sprayhead were arranged such that it was impossible to avoid getting sprayed by the initial freezing cold flow of water before warm water came through. Finally, although there was a soap dish, this had no drain hole and so any soap left in it dissolved into slime. As my wife could not use the bathroom mirror for make-up purposes, she resorted to using the full-length mirror in the room. This would have been ok except for the fact that the lighting in the room was so dim that it became something of an ordeal.As a final point, the air-conditioning was too noisy to keep going overnight and, unfortunately, the sash window had been painted shut and could not be opened for alternative ventilation. This exacerbated the problem of the stale smoke smell referred to above.In summary this is a well-located and relatively expensive hotel. In an attempt to give quite ordinary rooms a ‘wow’ factor, the owners have employed an interior designer who hasn’t got the slightest clue how ordinary people use hotel room facilities. If you can put up with these frustrations, the good location of this hotel may compensate.	
May 13 2009 	faulty safe	we stayed at this hotel in november 2008 for a christmas shopping trip the hotel is just of oxford street which was very busy and hard to walk on the footpaths the breakfast was very good although our safe wouldnt open on the 2nd morning when we were just about to go shopping the rest of our party went ahead and i stayed in the room to wait for the safe to be open the security in the hotel could not open it so they had to send out for someone else i was in the room for 2 hours before they got the safe opened my husband comlpained to the duty manager and they gave us a complimentery meal in their restaurant that night with wine included i would stay at thios hotel again if i was guaranteed a working safe	
May 12 2009 	Avoid this hotel. They always get it wrong and the service is very poor	I have stayed in this hotel several times due to its location and I always asked for a room that faces the interior and was quiet. They always got it wrong and I had to find out when I would go up to the room!! The service is not personal. Several times the tv or the safe were not working and took forever for them to come and fix them. The rooms are small and I had to get a room with king size bed and cost much more.I even had to pay 15 pounds per day for internet	
May 10 2009 	Designed for looks not use by people	Just stayed at the Cumberland for a two night break. A designer hotel for designers not people who have to use the facilities in the rooms. Booked a deluxe room - nothing deluxe about it! Curtains like two rags. Hairdryer in a place with hardly any light. Bathroom a designer joke! Shower which did not drain easily / extractor did not work. Could not use the mirror as too far away because of the designer sink with a tap which leaked from the back so we were constantly mopping up water. Nowhere to hang towels close to the shower. When maid serviced room took away dirty towels and left only one - there were two of us.However the breakfast was excellent - anything and everything you wanted. But did not understand why only one third of the tables had tablecloths. Rest looked like a dining room in a holiday camp - formica topped	
May 9 2009 	Funniest Hotel ever stayed at...	This hotel was the oddest place I have ever been. There were weird statues in the lobby. The hallways smelled like curry. Teenagers found porn in their room. Horrible neighbors. Loud noises. Bad smell (notice this is mentioned twice). I would never stay here again. It was absolutely weird, the whole experience, to sum up.	
May 5 2009 	Good Standard Hotel	We stayed for 1 night and found that this hotel is a good, standard hotel in a great location. The location is great, the rooms are fine (with all the standard amenities), clean, and quite small (I think it's quite standard for London). What dissapointed us is their breakfast, although they have a lot of selections but the taste is not that great. After the first bite, we almost stop eating the whole meal. If you have time, don't reserve breakfast at the hotel, there are some interesting place to eat around there.This is a hotel that is suitable for a short business trip or a tourist that need a huge, standard hotel.	
May 4 2009	Awesome Location!!	My travel agent suggested this hotel to me. It was peak summer month of july and all hotels were abt 200 pounds a nite and my travel agent got this one for 140 pounds which was good value for money for the month of july. The best part abt the hotel was the location. on one side there is the oxford st and all the other edware road with all the eateries. The room was good sized very spaciuos for london standards. we had some hard time with the staff since our A/c wasnt workin and they were completely booked and couldnt give us another room. But they really pushed it becasue they changed our room only after 2 days!! and we wer stayin only for 4 nights, though we were compensated but it was something really putting off. Other than that everyhting else was absolutely fine!	
May 3 2009 	Loved the Lobby	I stayed at the hotel for two weeks. The lobby was certainly the most impressive aspect of the hotel apart from the excellent location which was connected by tube and bus almost 24/7.The other memorable feature was the breakfast buffet which had substanbtial variety and obviously very popular.The flat screen TV's in the room were necessary alongwith the folding built-in ironboard due to the small size of rooms which is not uncommon in the area.And the lounge-seats at the entrance lobby were a welcome meeting and relaxation point.The costs overall were reasonable.	
Apr 30 2009 	Lovely	What a lovely hotel, excellent location. Very impressive when you walk in, huge reception area full of sculpture and artwork. Very friendly check in staff who upgraded us.Would definately recommend this hotel.	
Apr 30 2009 	The splendid Art Gallery style reception area and friendly welcome don't paint the whole picture.	After an impressive introduction to this hotel via a magnificent vestibule and a well staffed reception desk my experience went downhill. Arriving from the continent for a prebooked reservation we registered at 15.55 hrs to be told that our room had been secured for us but would not be available for 1 to 1 1/2 hours because housekeeping had not finished it. We left our bags at the Concierge desk and returned at 18.10 to collect our key. The receptionist then told us we had been allocated to the Executive Block. We thought we had been upgraded! The receptionist offered to have our bags sent to our room which we accepted.The Executive Block turned out to be outside the main hotel, approximately a 100 yards walk and across a side street. Fortunately it wasn't raining. Inside the Executive Block the decoration and reception areas are austere compared to the main hotel. Nevertheless it was obviously newly refubished but nowhere near the quality of the main building reception area.Our room was on the fifth floor. It too was newly refurbished, clean, a king sized bed, safe and small fridge. However the design was far from ideal resulting in the bottom corner of one end of the bed being only 8 inches from the wall (always a danger of bashing a shin when accessing that side of the bed) and the space then increasing to about 16 inches at the head of the bed. The air conditioning unit was here, also about 18 inches from the bedhead too close and noisy to leave on at night. The room itself was spacious but the fixtures and fittings are badly placed making it awkward to relax. The same is true of the bathroom.Thirty minutes after reaching our room our bags had not arrived. I phoned the requisite number, designated &quot;call centre&quot; in the room information book. A discourteous and very brusque telephonist answered and after questioning me as if I was at fault, said she would have them sent up. I waited a further twenty minutes before returning to the main hotel to collect them myself. A member of staff at the concierge desk told me they knew nothing about the bag transfer. As he did not offer to carry the bags for me I concluded that the bag delivery service is not actually available to the Executive Block which I had also decided was more of a downgrade than upgrade of accommodation, seemingly more budget than luxury!This was reinforced on our second day when, at 17.45 and without knocking, a lady opened the door and entered our room. She left without apology after saying she had come to check the housekeeping!The TV in the room is modern but the reception on the very few freeview channels was poor in the extreme. Teletext/Ceefax was not at all accessible due to the weak signal.No doubt this was intentional as it was stated in the room literature that a large number of digital quality sound and vision channels were also available but at a cost.Similar to a Holiday Inn Express (I wonder?) breakfast was only available next door in the main hotel, which surprisingly seemed to have numerous coach tours and other block bookings staying in it, at a cost of £21.95 for full english and £17.95 for continental.When we checked out the receptionist in the Executive Block asked if we had had a satisfactory stay. My response in the negative prompted no further enquiries from her, merely a wish that we should enjoy the rest of our day.Perhaps the fact that the hotel room lacked any form of &quot;happy sheet&quot; or pencil was deliberate. Uniquely Guomam is the hotel motto. Thank goodness its unique is what I think, that way it will be easier to avoid next time.	
Apr 29 2009 	Convenient and very modern	The Cumberland Hotel is a very good hotel, but they could imrove on some things. The first problem was we had two rooms booked for our stay and the staff at the hotel were very confused. They did not understand who was staying where and which room was blocked off for us. It was kind of annoying after you just got off the plane and all you want to do is go to sleep. Which reminds me that the beds were very comfortable and the rooms were resonable big. The second minor problem was the cold water tap did not work properly. You got warm water but the cold seemed to not work. This only happen once out of our numerous stays at this hotel so I doubt there will be any problem of that sort. Also if you like to have privacy maybe you should not stay in this hotel becuase the bathroom has a frosted glass door. I have not seen it on other reviews so I will tell you now if you like privacy maybe you should not stay at the hotel or you can put a towel over the door. Some rooms have the door facing right into the bedroom but most do not have that. Overall this hotel is good because it is right in the center of the action. You could easlily walk to Piccidily Circus, and Trafalagar Square, and even Buckingham Palace. There are shops everywere and resaurants too. The restaurants include KFC, Pret A Manger, McDonnels, Pizza Hut, and Wasabi. They are all resonably priced. There are some very nice resaurants which are more expensive such as the Rhodes W1 which is in the hotel. There is also numerous nice restaurant in the department store Selfridges down the road. The Underground Station is right next door which is very convenient. If you have time after your arrival I would just go on the Underground. It takes about 40 minutes but you spend a lot less compared to the Heathrow Express to Paddington Station. For the Underground it is about 7 US dollars and for the Heathrow Express it is about 25 US dollars each. I also do not advise to get taxis because it is quite a long distance and you would easily spend half of your money. The breakfast is great and if you got it included it is fantastic but if you did not it is very expensive. I would go to Pret A Manger which is right ouside the hotel on the corner. The television has about 30 channels about 15 in English and has Arabic, German, French, Italian...etc. The concierge is excellent if you get the right person. There is one person who is French and he is the best at his job. There is another who just wants to sell tickets and says we cannot find that infomation for you. The French man knew everything and can find everything for you. I do not know his name but he does not have a beard. Overeal if you do not have a privacy issue and you dont mind ultra modern decoration then this hotel is perfect. Also Hyde Park is right across the street and you can horse back ride, paddle a little boat, and do many other little things.	
Apr 29 2009 	Awful	This place is trying tp be something it simply isnt. This is not a cool / hip hotel. It is a badly designed, poorly layed out hotel decorated in very very bad taste.Our double room was tiny and i mean really tiny. The bed was pushed against the wall and you could only walk (well 3 steps) down the one side. It was painted like a childrens nursery and was roasting hot. The air con was useless.The only reason we did not request a change is that we spent no time here, the time we were in the room was bad enough.Under the wannabe sheen of this place all you can see is fading yellow doors, grotty carpet and many guests prob windering the same as you are - what am i doing here.On a plus side the location is good and the staff are helpful but this in no way makes up for this hideus sub standard hotel.Avoid at all costs.	
Apr 27 2009 	Not a good first impression	We arrived here on the 21st April to stay for 4 nights. The first hotel room was aweful. Like a prison cell. We asked to be changed. The second room was not much better but guest relations said they had nothing else to give us until the next day (there is supposed to be over 1000 rooms in this hotel) One of the problems was that we are smokers and there were only limited rooms available on that floor. The next day we were given a better room, a bottle of wine on the house and were told we only had to pay 50% of the first nights rate. The room we were finally given ( we saw about 4 rooms in total) was exactly like what we saw on the website- and so we were happy with that. The other rooms were terrible- and especially as we were staying 4 nights, they just wouldnt do.All went well until the final night, the fire alarm went off at 2:30 in the morning. We were on the 8th floor, No one was there to tell us what to do- whether it was the real thing or a drill. No one was answering the phones downstairs and the lifts were out of action. Finally made it downstairs (via the stairs) to be told that it was a drunk person who set it off. There should have been people available to keep us informed as to what was happening. We felt like we were marooned up on the 8th floor.. it wasnt a good last impression either! Apart from that the final room we did get was as we were expecting from the website- and the location is brilliant. RIght beside Oxford St.	
Apr 27 2009 	On the edge of the hustle 	I travelled with my two sons to go watch some soccer matches. As the two boys where in London for the first time and given what London is, we spent little time in the room. Although the room appeared to be a little old and overused it sufficed for a short 4 night stay. We were up early each morning and grabbed a quick breakfast at the hotel. The variety and freshness were both excellent and commendable. We only returned late in evening to our room. The hotel is well located in MarbleArch and just off the busy shopping areas.Service provided by the concierge and reception check in and check outs were quick and friendly at all times. The hotel has almost 1000 rooms and staff realise that that guests need to be quickly dealt with. The only upsetting incident was when one my sons inadvertantly left a &quot;DO NOT DISTURB&quot; sign on the dooor when we left in the morning. Upon returning at about 8:30pm, I was a bit annoyed that no effort was made to establish the circumstances. A bit more care by cleaning staff and flor supervisors will have ensured that the room was serviced. In evenings we would grab takeawys from a sandwhich delis round the corner. All in all, if ging to Londo for leisure i would return.	
Apr 26 2009 	A place to sleep not stay	A slightly unwelcoming reception, disguised as hip, rooms are small on anonymous corridors, bars are over priced, but pleasant enough, though you never feel relaxed, the hotel just tries too hard and doesn't deliver enough warmth.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great location good value	The location is great, the Marble Arch tube station is right around the corner, and many bus stops close by as well. And plenty of shopping and food options too! The room was nice, a bit on the small side, but judging from reviews here and elsewhere, that seems to be standard fare in London. The staff was very nice, and the hotel overall is nice and clean. The only gripe I had was that WiFi was not free, but you could go to the McDonalds or Tyburn nearby (literally 1 minute away) for free WiFi. It's also a bit of a pain to go to &amp; from Heathrow, but MUCH better than the situation with JFK in New York.	
Apr 18 2009 	Overlooking Marble Arch	Clean, simple rooms..good breakfast..easy to get cabs...and enjoy the views of the Marble Arch...	
Apr 17 2009 	Good central London hotel	The Cumberland is located just off Marble Arch, and with a tube station around the corner couldn't be better location wise. Rooms are nicely designed, however design comes before functionality in the bathroom - shower door doesn't fully close, and sinks are awkwardly located. Service was excellent.	
Apr 17 2009	Love the new modern rooms with lcd	Love the new modern rooms with lcd. Great service and excellent location just off marble arch	
Apr 16 2009 	Great Location at a great price.	Decided on a short trip to London, 2 nights to catch a show and some shopping, booked via Lastminute.com as a &quot;top secret&quot; hotel, for £90 a night we got an absolute bargin and were very happy with the outcome. The hotel is very central and great for oxford st and taking a walk down to Buck. house, very near to marble arch station. The lobby was very modern and sophisticated, but would have rather they'd given up space for the rooms, were quite small although well designed and very clean. Would go again for the price and location.	
Apr 15 2009 	FAbulous Location	We visited Cumberland in March and came away feeling great, so much so that my husband returned there again with a colleague within the month. The rooms we were offered were good, but one should be careful while booking, as some rooms are good enough only for a single person, one who wont shop even for water.i loved the location, BANG in Oxford St and routes leading to all over London from there. Breakfast, if you manage to get a weekend discount pass, is very nice otherwise I found it overpriced and bit of a rip off.Ques for check in and check out were long, but once there we were serviced very well.Very busy but helpful conceirge!All in all I would love to go back, but if one wants a more luxurious room( In LONODN???) then Cumberland is not the place for you.	
Apr 15 2009 	Disappointing	We were booked to dine at Rhodes W1 and decided to stay in the hotel as it was my husband's 40th birthday. We took the £125 Easter package which included a bottle of wine and breakfast but was asked to pay an additional £20.00 for a king sized bed instead of a double.Reception looked very impressive so we were hoping for great things from our room. Queuing for check-in took 20 minutes, but the staff were very pleasant on the desk. Our room was on the 7th floor. On opening the door we were really surprised how small it was and we were met with a terrible 'drain' smell. Our view was awful. I phoned the front desk immediately who said they would move us but they had very limited choice. I asked how much for an upgrade to a suite and they said £150.00. I said I wouldn't pay that much as I felt I had no choice but to move so they agreed to drop the additional fee to £100. The junior suite was much better, a bigger room and bathroom and a great walk in wardrobe. We were not allowed to use the Guoman Club Lounge, which is normally part of a 'suite package' because I got them to knock down the price of the suite. I thought that this was a little out of order considering we were left with little choice but to move. Flat screen TV was great. Mini bar was an empty except for 2 small bottles of water. You need to order what you want from room service menu. Elemis products are just standard shower gel and shampoo. Nice touches in the wardrobe such as an umbrella and proper wooden hangers. Good selection of magazines available in the room and we had a 'turn down' service with chocolates at night.Hotel bar was expensive but no more than you'd expect with a central London hotel. 12.5% service charge added to your bill for the staff walking less than 5 metres to our table.Breakfast was good. You did have to share a table with fellow guests and it had a little bit of an 'Ikea' feel to the decor. Good choices and everything seemed fresh. Staff very quick and helpful.Checking out took half an hour of queuing. We decided to leave our bags at left luggage which was great until we came to collect them. We again had to wait forever.The location of the hotel is fantastic. Hyde Park is just over the road and we had a stroll to Selfridges which took us 5 minutes.	
Apr 13 2009 	Nice Lobby	Lobby is very futuristic.Hotel is located at top of Oxford St.I went to a really nice Indian restaurant in Berkeley Square - Benares. There is a charging point for an Electric Car just outside it.	
Apr 12 2009	Brilliant location	We stayed in the Cumberland for 4 days, Thursday to Monday, and were impressed by the location with Hyde Park and Oxford Street being literally on the doorstep. We stayed in a twin room on the first floor. The room was spotless and cleaned daily and the bathroom was lovely. However, the room was very small - literally two twin beds pushed together and although this didn't bother us particularly I would have expected more for the price. The hotel lobby is impressive with modern sculptures and art work dominant although the overall mood is rather impersonal and cold. Having said that the staff we dealt with were helpful enough. My only real beef about the hotel is noise. There are nightly club/discos which don't end until 3am and for two nights I got little sleep. We heard another resident calling to people on the corridor to keep the noise down - at 4am! We stayed on the first floor so perhaps noise levels are less of an issue on higher floors and again this may be a weekend only issue. Had it not been for this I would have had no complaints at all.	
Apr 10 2009 	Disappointing and too many queues	Stayed one night at the Hotel as attending concert at Royal Albert Hall. Very disappointing ... all sorts of odd characters hanging around outside the main entrance. There was a queue for check in, and it took about 20 mins to get to the front. Our room was on 8th floor, not all lifts go to 8th floor but no indication of that until you actually go into the lift.The room was ok, looked like a bit of refurb had gone on but grubby stained carpet and curtains and it was quite small. Breakfast was on the lower ground floor in 'The Market' it was so busy although the staff ran it very well there were queues for everything. Food was good once you actually got it.We only paid £125 which included breakfast and a complimentary bottle of wine so was good value for central London. I would have been even more disappointed had we paid more.Finally, there was a queue to check out which took another 10 minutes !!	
Apr 5 2009 	Good basic hotel in fabulous location	We got a very good rate to stay here through Superbreaks. It cost us about £50 per person.The rooms are quite small, but clean and new looking.Our room was not ready, the hotel was heaving, so we were given coffee in the lounge and waited for no more than 20 mins.Although I would not stay here as my first choice. The Apex is my favourite, for the money we spent and its location we could not go wrong.	
Apr 4 2009 	Great location good potential not quite what you expect for the money	We booked through late rooms and had a 2 night stay. For 2 nights we paid around £300 with an additional £50 for a room upgrade (which I am not sure about, see further down) I negotiated at a reduced price; this does not include breakfast. Overall not terrible or anything but just not great. The lobby area as everyone says and as can be seen from photos is large, bright, airy and very modern, thats all good but how much time are you in the lobby for? We arrived at 1pm and were told our room not ready which was fine, 2pm is check in. We went out and came back at 3pm only to be told room still not ready! By after 4pm we and many others were becoming a little cross as we all had plans and needed to get into our rooms to get ready. Eventually got in the rooms - after the cards not working and having to go back down to reception - little grr. Rooms: Nice decor, lighting quite funky - wasnt all working in our room. Smallish, much like what you find in NYC and certainly not worthy of the upgrade - apparently the room was bigger?? and had a view side on of marble arch? Anyway, the beds were exceptionally comfortable with good quality linen so that was good. The curtains don't fit the windows adequately to black the room out - I like a dark room to sleep in so this is subjective. The shower was good, nice pressure and the Elemis products were a nice touch. The mini bar was a small fridge with 2 bottles of water in it. The sky box must update through the night - its locked in a cupboard in the room, didn't hear it 1st night (alcohol induced sleep!) but second night it was really annoying. TV is enormous and plenty of choices of channels and we also had a free movie per night with the upgrade. The hairdryer was ok but you had to keep your finger on a button to keep it whirring so it was difficult to use - take your own! The location is what I think you must be paying for. Its literally by Marble Arch, on the cusp of Oxford St, a stones throw from various tube stations and all the hustle and bustle you could want. For the average tourist in London you probably couldn't find much better location wise. We met a friend in one of the bars in the hotel and ordered an expensive champagne - service was poor, we ended up pouring ourselves and when we ordered a second bottle they were unaware we had even finished the first. I am not a snob by any stretch of the imagination but when you are spending £400 on drinks (special occasion) in the space of an hour a bit of service would be nice :) I don't think my friend tipped after the poor service. Room service when ordered was speedy but the additional costs added were very high - a high room service charge and a 12.5% service charge seemed excessive. Finally, a little complaint. At around 2am on the second night we started to hear a banging noise. It was repetitive and sounded like a drill or some kind of tool. I eventually had to ring reception and complain. Security was apparently sent to investigate but it stopped very quickly after our call and I am sure that this was some kind of repair taking place at some bizarre hour of the morning, there is no way they could have got to the noise so quickly if they didnt know where it was coming from - or its a total coincidence. Would I stay again, its not a No. I would say that if I found the hotel at a cheap price on a discount website then yes but at the price we paid, there are better hotels in Central London which offer a better service, bigger rooms and include some breakfast and I wouldn't hurry back just for a spectacular lobby. Oh and when we checked out, we weren't even asked if everything was ok with our stay. I have to say that I am not a negative person - see my other reviews - but I do think that value for money is important and I didnt feel thats what we had.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great location	Just got back from London weekend trip we had a good deal only booked the weekend before as a theatre package this did NOT include breakfast beware that theatre packages are not always a good thing we went to see Pricilla Queen of the desert and had terrible seats in the balcony on the side with a restricted view! show was fantastic though with great singalong songs!!!!! anyway back to the cumberland it has a very impressive reception and smelt lovely the room I had was clean spacious but the room oppisite that my sisters had was much smaller and quite cramped there was a fridge and a safety deposit box and large flat screen tv we decided to pay for breakfast on one of the days at £9.95 each seemed a lot to pay but there was a huge range of food and we didn't need to eat again until the evening so we didn't buy lunch so it didn't seem that expensive after all.the only bad thing was that at 2.20 in the morning the fire alarms went off for about 25 mins and we had to evacuate the hotel i didn't mind better safe than sorry but there was not one member of staff telling guests what was going on and we followed like sheep back into the hotel still not knowing if it was safe to do so my sister had to ring down in the end to check! the location is perfect right oppisite marble arch it self and great shops and the tube right next door	
Mar 26 2009 	Not worth it's money	The big positive for the Cumberland are the staff, they were very friendly and very helpful. I stopped at the Cumberland for a two night break with a friend and a five year old, who was having a birthday whilst there.The room promised to us was a delux twin room big enough to fit a fold down bed, it was a twin but not big enough to fit another bed. I complaied and the hotel did upgrade the room to a family room (two double beds), for no extra charge.I was surprised whilst at the hotel as I was led to believe a lot of money had been spent to update it. The were signes of this but the finishing details were very poor. The room we had showed this, shower door didn't close thus water all over the bathroom floor, the glass toilet appeard to small for the frame as there was a gap all around the door you could see through, carpet needing cleaning and many other things. The breakfast room was busy and did remind me of a shabby ikea cafe, food was good though.If they could move the staff to a better hotel then perfect..........	
Mar 22 2009 	All Style but no substance!	From first appearances I was expecting opulence and luxury. Granted the lobby is stunning what with the sculptures and light but leave your expectations there.On arrival we were told our room was not ready and this was an hour after the advised check in time but assured our room would be prepared whilst we went away from an hour or two. When we did get our room, there were other peoples lugagage in it. not good!!The room was very small, not at all what i was expecting from the pictures on their website. There was no Hyde Park view and lots of street and corridor noise. The flatscreen was ok and the bathroom was tastefully equipped even though the sink was a little impractical.Went down to the bar and the service was exceptional and as you would expect the drinks were pricey and for the size of the place was reasonably busy.Overall, just be wary. The money you pay doesn't always deliver what you're expecting. Convenient location but probably cheaper hotels of the same standard.	
Mar 22 2009 	Excellent stay	For those of you who remember the old Cumberland with the infamous buffet lunch, stop reading now.The new Cumberland is a completly different world. When you arrive you walk into a reception that could be in an art museum. Amazing statues and colourful displays welcome you into an atmosphere that feels chic and hip. I checked in at around 11pm and is was a delight, very quick and upgraded to a park view room. There are plenty of lifts and never had to wait long for one to come along, unlike the London buses.The corridors to the rooms look ok, but like many pointed out the carpets need attention. The room was a good size, wardrobe space would not have suited my wife ! But you get good hangers, safe, tea &amp; Coffee and a fridge in the unit. Also by the bathroom was a small cupboard with and iron and ironing board. The bed was very comfortable and the lighting could be adjusted to your mood. The TV was a flatscreen and a special package was available for around 20 pounds that gave you all the movies (parents beware!) and access to the internet via the TV or cable to laptop. Not too unreasonable. The bathroom was a shower room which was enourmous, it also had those shower heads that sprayed you from the wall, boy did that wake me up!. Another tip, the plug in the sink has to be pushed down to open, a sign would have been handy. Any downsides, no not really, apart from the odour of KFC that seemed to waft around the corridors.I didn't use the onsite restaurants, but surrounding the hotel are plenty of cafes, fast food joints and restaurants. The McDonalds opens at 5am and is very clean. My office was in Knightsbridge, so the walk through Hyde Park every day was heaven.I got a great rate from the hotel, I called for a rate and mentioned the expedia deal, they matched it on the spot.	
Mar 18 2009 	Pickpockets right outside main entrance to Hotel!	Great Location for visiting London, Hotel Nice but no real Atmosphere! Bar a bit on the pricey side too. Unfortunately we were nearly robbed right outside the entrance to the hotel one evening while having a cigarette, Lucky for us the person dropped the wallet while removing it from my companions pocket......So Tourists Beware!!!!! Had to wait 21/2 hours for our room when we Arrived. It was not ready till half four ......check in is 2pm. Internet expensive, hotel lobby very busy, a bit like Victoria Station. Hotel Night Club different! Not worth giving London nightlife a miss for....... I would recommend this hotel for location only...........	
Mar 15 2009 	Good location	Excellent location for exploring the city. I had a first floor room which was on the small side and a bit grotty. Friendly staff but I will try elsewhere next time	
Mar 15 2009 	fantastic no reason for complaints	My husband and I stayed at the cumberland in feburay just days after the heavy snow and was slightly worried that the hotel may be cold after reading some prievious reviews but there really was no need to be ! We checked in at about 12.30 and only quede for 3 or 4 minutes we were told our room would not be ready until after 2pm but asked if we would like to upgrade to a kingsize at a extra charge but when my husband advised it was a gift to me we got a free upgrade and where checked intoin our room immediately although I did hear a few moans as not everyone was so lucky ! The room was modern red hot and the most amazing view of marble arch, there was no bath but it wasnt the end of the world ! location is fantastic with the tube just outside and walking distance to londons attractions !We headed into london that evening to see chicago and afer the show did try out the bar/club but after one drink headed to our room it was a bit to loud for a couple but if you are with girls ok for a dance as its on the doorstep but not really our thing !The following morning we decided to head out for breakfast and with pret right next door was spoilt for choice as you can walk along oxford street with your coffee or sit in and have a croiissant ! The following night we had cocktails in the bar and ate in the restraunt again no complaints ! If you want to moan about something then we could have picked faults as the traffic is very noisy and does not get any quiter as the night goes on but as you are staying in the heart of englands capital then what do you expect for us it all adds to the experience ! I definetly would stay there again as location is brilliant and if you are due to stay there please dont panic as some of he reviews almost put me off but really was fine and if you are sitting in your hotel moaning then you are not getting the best out of your london trip !	
Mar 15 2009 	Great hotel great city great sights.	London trip to The Cumberland Hotel, sightseeing and the show Thriller Live. [--]Booked cheap rail tickets through The Sun newspaper so cost wise got off to a good start. £56 got me two return rail tickets and 1 days’ tube travel.Used ticket Master to buy tickets for Thriller and got stung. The show cost £50 per ticket but there were people there who bought from various ticket booths and the theatre for £25 each. What made it worse the show was no more than a tribute act of Michael Jackson’s music. Nice dancers but should have waited till it toured and seen a more traditional show.The hotel The Cumberland was the best deal. Used Hotels direct to make the booking listed as ‘a mystery location at least 4*. It certainly was in that class. I paid £107.00 for a double room with breakfast. That is good for the great location right next to Marble Arch and close to the tube station of the same name.TIP; the concierge took our bags early morning and kept them whilst we went sightseeing and check in time later after 2pm. The bags were brought to our room after we arrived.The lobby of the hotel is out of this world, really weird compared to the outside of the building. Funky and arty I would describe it as but its openness has a nice feel to it. It was a bit hussle and bussle with conferences but check in was speedy.The room was not spacious and looked out over an internal quadrangle so no view of Hyde Park! That said it was well appointed with Ironing board, Iron (of course) trouser press, safe, tea and coffee making facilities. The bathroom was well appointed with a really powerful shower. Did not want to get out!The best thing was the bed and sheets. This was the most comfortable bed I have slept in and the cotton sheets were so crisp. In heaven!The breakfast was wonderful with so much choice. It would have cost £20 per head and may have been a little steep if it had not been included in the package. Yes the restaurant was large but not busy when we visited at 9.45am!Used the online check out service just handing room card in and received a bill via e mail later. Did the same with bags at check out left them with staff and collected them when on route back to the station.TIP: take a walk into o Hyde Park, stroll don’t power walk it’s a lovely place and the Diana Memorial is interesting when you read about what it represents. Bet is would be very busy on a hot summer’s day so March may have been a good time.Did the London eye and boat trip. The eye was great. TIP: don’t get caught out paying extra for express entry, Midweek it’s not necessary. May be on a bank holiday you would benefit or even some weekends. In Fact book on line before you go and save 10%.Best this about the hotel was modern concept with location a close second!	
Mar 10 2009 	Good location near Marble Arch and Oxford Street	Booked through lastminute.com as one of their secret hotels and paid £99 per night room only, which was good value for a hotel of this quality. Hotel is very large, a bit soul-less, but ticks all the boxes. Reception helpful and friendly. Room 5088 was quite small and very modern with plenty of amenities, had great big flat screen TV and comfy bed. Bathroom had a daft 'virtually unusable' wash hand basin, which was style over sensibility, but good bath and shower. Had to pay for Wi-Fi, which in my opinion is always pretty mean. Can't comment on any bars or restaurants, but next door to Marble Arch Pret a Manger, which is excellent for breakfast. Overall, would recommend this hotel, but do not pay rack rate as plenty of deals around, because it is so large it is probably difficult to fill.	
Mar 9 2009 	Pleasantly surprised	We stayed at this hotel for 1 night and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised considering some of the reviews I had read. We arrived much earlier than the stated check-in time and went straight through to reception without having to wait, we were told that they had a room ready for us which was great as we were 2 hours earlier than the stated check-in time. Our room was on the first floor, was a good size a was very clean. We unpacked our bags and went to hit the shops. The hotel is in a great location just off the top of Oxford Street next to Marble Arch. The tube station is close to the hotel and there was always plenty of Taxi's just outside. We did not eat at the hotel so I cannot comment on the food. The beds were very comfy and our room had a flat screen tv, free safe, the usual tea/coffee making facilities and large bathroom towels. I would stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 6 2009 	Great location	I stayed at the Cumberland for 2 nights for a weekend in May of last year. The location is fantastic - come straight out of Marble Arch tube station, turn right and you are there - less than 1 minute walk.The lobby is very modern and bright. The rooms were of a size I accepted for a city hotel - big enough for the 2 of us. The hotel was clean - I couldn't find any complaints. Breakfast was included in our rate with lots to choose from. My boyfriend is veggie and found plenty to eat. As it is very very close to Oxford Street, there are plenty of places to eat and shops galore close by. I would stay here again for sure.	
Mar 4 2009	Wonderful location - cleancontemporary style friendly staff and comfortable	Stayed for a weekend very recently. 10 in our Party - we were all made very welcome - even though a very busy hotel - the rooms were small but modern and comfortable - the breakfasts were really good value. Would recommend to a friend for an ideal London Weekend.	
Mar 1 2009 	Great Hotel 20 paces from Oxford St. London W1	We really enjoyed our stay in the Cumberland. What a spectacular lobby! The Cumberland was great value for money, I booked per www.hoteldirect.ie as a &quot;4star+ above Oxford Street&quot; and the Hotel name is not revealed until booking is complete, and this turned out to be a real gem. We were offered a King Size room for an extra £30 per night but declined. The room booked was not great in size but very comfortable with a safe, tea coffee facilities, ice available, and large flat screen tv. and a very comfortable double bed. The very large window blind was permanently down denying us natural light, but I re-engaged the cord on the gear wheel and presto got it operating perfectly. I found the lift service to the seventh floor very effecient with 6 lifts on offer.The very large bar was a very attractive with a great after work atmosphere.The staff were very friendly and effecient throughout the hotel.I have no hesitation in recommending &quot;The Cumberland&quot; near Marble Arch London. We will be back.	
Mar 1 2009 	Great location good room size	As all reviews said the hotel has a great location.Room size is good compared with other hotels in London.Great staff, nice food.The internet is not free which is a downside.By the way, its a really big hotel so the lobby is crowded and noisy.	
Feb 24 2009 	Good location that's all.	To start with we had to queue 25 minutes (yes 25) just to check in. Once checked in (finally, as the system couldn't find our booking so had to wait another 10 minutes) we proceeded to our Deluxe room. Deluxe it certainly wasn't, small cramped and chabby would sum it up better. Despite many travels around the world for the first time I asked to change rooms - which we were, but even that room wasn't much better. It turns out whole floors of the Cumberland haven't been refurbished, yet they still advertise the rooms as deluxe - I'm not sure how they can get away with it. The bar was ok, but certainly no better than any other hotel bar and definitely not something for them to boast about. If you're looking for bad service, rude staff and tiny rooms you'll love this place.	
Feb 19 2009 	Great location big hotel but small rooms	This hotel is in a great location for Marble Arch tube and the shopping on Oxford Street. Its an old hotel but my room was clean and newly decorated. The hotel corridors are noticably shabby, especially when you compare them to the lobby which is very OTT with its modern art and video installations.The breakfast in the markethall felt like a bit of a fancy Ikea experience. The food was good, but it was crowded and a bit chaotic. No chance of doing any sort of work or reading at the table - chances are you'll be squeezed in with some other stranger and will spend the time avoiding eye contact with them!I had room service on one of the evenings which was pretty grim. Lovely quick service but the food was very substandard, I would have done better going to the MacDonalds accross the road!A perk from the stay was the lovely Elemis toiletries in the bathroom.	
Feb 18 2009 	Fan Dabby Dosey!!!	From reading previous reviews on this hotel we expected services, rooms and the temperature to be poor. However, we were surprised that the taxi only cost £12 from King's Cross Station to the hotel on a busy Saturday. We were greeted by the concierge service willing to take our bags and also friendly staff at check-in. There was a small queue at reception but this disappeared quickly. Staff asked if we had any particular requirements i.e. smoking or non- smoking &amp; a bath or shower. Since it was Valentines day we were offered an upgrade to a suite for £45 per night which included champagne &amp; chocolates. We were surprised that we could check in at 12.30 instead of 2.00. We stayed in a deluxe twin room 7086 on the 7th floor which sadly didnt have a view of Hyde Park or Oxford Street. Although, the rooms amenities made up for this; flat screen TV, iron/ trouser press, hairdryer, tea/ coffee, fridge, safe, extremely soft beds, Elemis shower products and a power shower. We thought the hotel was in an ideal location in the centre of London, with local shops and restaurants at bay. A local sainsburys is seconds away and a fabulous italian restaurant opposite the hotel, which also provided with takeaways. Transport was in easy reach as Marble Arch underground station is just around the corner. Cheaper to buy a day pass after 9.30am for £5.10 ish, to use the whole of the underground on every line. For future hotel guests who enjoy walking and sightseeing, Park Lane is directly opposite the hotel which allows for a gentle stroll along towards The Duke of Wellington Monument, which is not in far reach of Knightsbridge and Buckingham Palace. By only spending 2 and a half days in London, we managed to see most of the sights and all of Oxford Streets shops several times. Overall, we would recommend this hotel for people wishing for a central location and a fabulous weekend away!9 / 10FAN DABBY DOSEY!!	
Feb 17 2009 	Learned to enjoy the Cumberland	We have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Cumberland. We booked in on Saturday only to be asked to stay in the annexe which we were assured had the largest 'standard superior' rooms in the hotel. Our friends fared quite well with the size of their room, however, ours was absolutely tiny - it had a television fixed on a board directly over the window and over the double bed which was shoved into a corner. It was therefore tricky to climb over the bed and avoid hitting your head on the telly! The receptionist insisted this was a bigger room than in the main building- I don't think so! We upgraded for £20 per night and our new room was excellent. We were presented with breakfast vouchers for the first morning - great value but paid full price on our last morning - absolutely no complaints about food but situated in a busy canteen style room - not comfortable. We thought the service was good throughout our visit and of course the location is fantastic for sight seeing, shopping, tube connections...We had a good stay but I guess that a lot of company business may get priority over the individual - and it shows. Not bad, but not my favourite hotel.	
Feb 16 2009 	Would definitely stay at the Cumberland again !!	Our stay in the Cumberland was everything and more than we expected. There are so many reviews about check-in time, lift delays and small rooms but we were pleasantly surprised.We arrived at 12:15 on the Friday but our room wasn't ready, however they made a quick call to housekeeping and within seconds they had switched our room to another and they had even transferred the cot to the new room by the time we got to the room. There are 6 lifts and we never had to wait more than a few minutes (except for one occasion). The room was big enough but wasn't huge, but it is central London. We had read so many reviews before we booked that we knew what to expect and we weren't let down - the room was clean, the bathroom door was frosted glass and we even found the plug in the wash basin to be rather strange (we did laugh at the one reviewer that described it as something that nearly poked his eye out). The staff are pleasant and the location is great. Oxford St is on the door step as are the open top bus tours.We chose not to have breakfast at the hotel after reading the reviews and I'm pleased we made that choice as it was nice to get out and about early each day. The only complaint I have (and it's not the fault of the hotel) was the fire alarm going off at 3am on the sunday morning. 7 flights of stairs at that time with a little baby wasn't the best but we met some lovely people in the street whilst we were waiting to go back inside. The lift took a while on this occasion but that is understandable in view of the fact every single guest was in the queue.	
Feb 12 2009 	Don't over pay!	There are loads of reviews for this hotel, and I guess I was prepared for problems, however everything was ok. I booked this on last minute using there hidden hotel list, I knew which hotel it was, usually easy to work out, the listing for this property said the hotel had a restaurant with a Michelin star and was Park Lane/Marble Arch. At £99 this was a bargain as normal rates can be double this. I would not pay much more for this hotel. It is in a great location, but with a hotel this size it soon begins to look a bit tired and the rooms are perfectly comfortable but mine needed a little TLC. The heating in the public areas seems to be non existent, who ever designed this needs his head examined! My view of the lobby is that it will soon look dated. Room heating controls do not seem to work too well but once I figured it out I did keep warm. Internet expensive at £16 per day.So if you get a good rate its worth staying here.	
Feb 8 2009 	Great location	Have stayed at the hotel many times over the years. Has one of the best locations for shopping in london. Right on Oxford Street, so lovely and central. Just had a rather nasty fire evacuation at 3am on Saturday night 31st January. it was a hoax but never the less very scary!!	
Feb 7 2009 	Great location decent sized room warm 	Stayed here last weekend in January as part of a special deal with British Airways. Was apprehensive due to reviews I had read but because of the good deal we had, we remained hopeful that we would still enjoy our stay. Result - I really liked the hotel. We checked-in with a 3min wait in line. Our deluxe room came with a double bed (not King - that would've cost extra) but the bed &amp; bedding was comfy &amp; good quality. Amenities included ironing board, trouser press, fridge to hold items bought from local Sainsburys (2 mins walk away), tea &amp; coffee making facilties, strong hairdryer, plasma TV, safe. Bathroom was modern &amp; clean but poorly designed. No place to put soap by washbasin, towel rack above toilet hard to reach for short person (I'm 5ft tall), turning on shower ensures you are drenched before water turns hot, minimal shelf space for 2 people's toiletries. But - heating worked like a dream. Location very good - within 4 minutes walk you are on the Edgeware Rd with an excellent selection of ethnic restaurants, plus Marble Arch tube within 2 mins, Sainsburys supermarket 2 mins in the other direction to pick up fresh fruit, milk, juices. Of course, Oxford St shopping is 2 mins away. We had no problems with the check-in or check-out. Lobby is very impressive with the modern art. This is not a hotel for families or those who are used to cookie-cutter hotel chains.	
Feb 3 2009 	Rather disappointing expected better	The Cumberland was a bit disappointing. They only had Gary Rhodes restaurants, I left a review on Square Table...[-]As for the hotel itself. The location is great, reception is really odd, like walking into a modern art gallery, really big with not much in it.Room wasn't massive, bit cold but if you put the heating on it was really noisy so just ended up trying to keep warm under the duvet.Pillows were absolutely awful, possibly the worst I've ever slept on. The type that as soon as you put your head down all the stuffing shoots off either side &amp; you're pretty much resting your head on the mattress. Finally managed to get to sleep at 2 ish and woke up at 4:45 !Breakfast was ok, mostly quite over cooked but very nice sausages.Staff were ok too, although the waiting staff in the brasserie were painfully slow, took 3 hours just to have steak &amp; chips on a Monday night !In conclusion probably wouldn't recommend it.	
Jan 29 2009	Perfectly Good for the price	Stayed here for one night 23 Jan. Was concerned by reports of check in queues and surly service. Could not have been more pleasantly surprised. We arrived at 12:45, a smiling helpful receptionist said she would see if there were any rooms available and 5 minutes later we were in a small (although not by london standards) but perfectly clean and smart room. We paid £115 room only so can't comment on breakfasts but you are in the centre of London! Great position and 'interesting' lobby decor. Nice (and not stupidly priced) bar area. Didn't eat so can't comment on restaurants. I found staff generally helpful, but then if you treat them nicely I've found the favour is returned. Even managed to get an extra hour to check out.We did notice there were queues to check in at certain times of the day, but overall not too bad. Would stay here again.	
Jan 26 2009 	Great place great price...	I booked this hotel as a present for a friend. We simply wanted to stay somewhere in central london, that would allow us easy access to all the main attractions.The hotel itself is situated in a great place, opposite Marble Arch,and Hyde Park. It is simply on the doorstep of Oxford Street and 2 mins around the corner, is Marble Arch tube station. This allows easy access to practically the whole of London, which was great.The room was great, nicely laid out and actually quite big (unlike some of the other reviews on here). Bathroom was a great size and very modern. Also liked the plasma tv which was at the end of our bed, allowing us to just chill out. I booked the hotel via hotels direct and paid £200 for two nights (room only). This was a great price and if I got a good deal again I would definitely return!	
Jan 26 2009 	Comfortable in great location.	Firstly, great location, easy to get to and from. Suffered the 2PM check in queues, it seems as though they have the desks to cope but not the manpower. Lobby very arty, nice open space and the lighting makes it welcoming.We had a family room which was of a nice size with comfortable double beds although not enough pillows or towels for the family (without having to ask). Bathroom was OK although again trying to be modern but a little impractical in some ways.The staff were polite, courteous and always pleased to be of help.Breakfast had a variety of options and service was good and friendly.Thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would recommend this to other families.	
Jan 26 2009 	excellent location	This hotel is in a great location for a weekend away in London - Marble Arch sits on its doorstep - which is at the bottom of Oxford Street. Marble Arch Tube is a few steps around the corner, on the Central line. We tubed most places, but a taxi from Kings cross cost only £10.The hotel is very big, moderns and stylish. We had no problems or queues booking in, and the room was clean and warm (I did see portable radiators outside of some rooms). It was well kitted out with iron &amp; board, safe and lots of mirrors.Our first nights sleep was not good- a small bed and walls made of paper meant that we heard every noise from the corridor and adjacant rooms - it probably doesn't help that there is a 2 inch gap at the bottom of the door letting in light and noise. This hotel is not big on doors that fit - the bathroom door was there for decoration, not to provide any privacy.We were silly enough to pay £18 each for breakfast the first morning - it was a nice breakfast, but not £36 worth! The second morning we spotted a fantastic French cafe across the road - Valerie's Pattiserie. Judging by the amount of French people in there it's boast of being the best rendez-vous in town is true.	
Jan 24 2009 	Great For Moving Around London	I had been go ing to London for the past 12 years but never had the chance to stay in the Cumberland Hotel. This was my first.Location wise, it is in a good spot on the corner of Oxford Street and Park Lane, just in front of the Marble Arch. The tube station is right around the corner and would be the best feature of ths hotel. Shops and restaurants are within a stone's throw from the front door.The lobby actually looked like a train or bus station. Cement floors, large empty spaces, and lots of people hanging around. It could be because of the meeting rooms in the lower floor but it was not a comfortable place to be in. The reception desk had projected 'artsy' video images depicting falling people, or abstract shapes while scupltures in the lobby made it look like an art exhibition in a train station.The room is comfortable though and everything seemed to work well. The only complaint about the room was that there was a draft coming in from the bathroom and the room never did heat properly.The standing shower is alright, water pressure good but just a tiny soap dish to put my 3 bottles of soap, shampoo and conditioner. I ended up placing them all on the floor as they kept dropping.Breakfast was another thing. The breakfast room was poorly lit and lighting was mainly done by fluorescent neon lights which gave the room a flat atmosphere. Food selection was very good with many items to choose from. Service though was horrible and little English was spoken, which is normal for London. Overall it was an experience and would probably stay there again when I visit London purely because of the location.	
Jan 23 2009 	very stylish foyer	fabulous hotel, excellent value. Perfect location at the top of Oxford Street. Best breakfast ever - terrific selection. Would definitely recommend it.	
Jan 20 2009 	Not too bad but could be better	We stayed at this hotel for one night on the 17th of January. We had called 2 weeks before for an early check and was told it was not guaranteed but she would put a note on our reservation that we would arrive at 12 noon. We arrived at 12:40pm and was told there was no room ready for another hour, clearly showing they had not done anything towards trying to get us an early check in. We finally got our room at half one, without any real apology or even smile from the receptionist!There was however no queues and the room was not cold as previous reviews have stated. The room was standard even though this was meant to be an upgrade to a kingsize room, however we did have a nice view of marble arch from our room.Overall it seems that they have concentrated too much on the lobby/reception area and not enough on the rooms or customer service training with any of the staff.Probably wouldn't return here again.	
Jan 19 2009 	Great weekend at The Cumberland	Just returned from a lovely weekend at The Cumberland. The hotel is in a great position above Marble Arch tube station and is huge! The reception area is massive and very arty looking.Arrived at 10.30am and presumed it would be too early to check in but thought we'd give it a go. There was no queue so we were served straight away and told that there was a room ready for us. We were given a twin room on the 8th floor which was lovely and spacious, well decorated and with an excellent shower room. The Elemis shower and shampoo products were an added bonus. Plenty of storage and a huge plasma screen tv. The room was cleaned thoroughly and all of the staff we met were polite and friendly. Our rate didn't include breakfast so we didn't try any of the restaurants but there are plenty of places to go on Oxford St and there was a small shop directly opposite the hotel.When we were there we didn't see any of the long queues mentioned by some previous reviewers but maybe this applies more at peak times. our room was lovely and warm so no complaints there either.Overall we had a great weekend and really enjoyed The Cumberland.	
Jan 18 2009 	Expected better	This is a tough one - it's a hotel with a great location and lots of good points, but too many negatives to make it worth bothering with again.Front desk is simply awful. We couldn't check in forty minutes before the 2 p.m. quoted time and that's fair enough, but we were warned by Michelle that there was no guarantee we could check in if we waited 'til 2. We said that was ludicrous, why not and she responded by shrugging her shoulders and saying they had 1,000 rooms. Well we'll keep that in mind for our next trip to London thanks.Small room is about usual for London, but no wardrobe isn't. No teletext, poor tv channel choice, no replacement water in the room. Our room was clean and tidy although the bedlinen was torn and needed throwing away. King-size bed. Aircon for hotel was outside our window and seemed to go on all night.Queues for the lift. Sometimes three came before we could get in, so many people were using the lifts at 10:30 on a Sunday morning.Breakfast is full of choice, some decent things to choose from too, but woefully inadequately staffed for a busy weekend - big queues to get in, long wait for waitress-served coffee, dirty crocks not removed from tables, dirty floor - they need more staff!Concierge can't cope with bag-drop so you have to go to a bar and drop it off there. Queues again.Shame really, you have the feeling that this could be a very good hotel with just a bit more effort.It would need to get better for us to stay there again. If it does, we'd go back again but only if....	
Jan 13 2009 	Poor Choice	Just returned yesterday from a 6 night stay with a friend at The Cumberland Hotel. Sadly, many of the complaints written on this sight are true. On the positive side, the location is excellent; the room we had was quiet and cleaned well each day. The concierge service was very good and efficient. On the down side, the check in process took a half hour and the woman at the desk seemed not to know her job. Our room was freezing but a heater was promplty supplied. Within a few hours the heating had been repaired.Upon check out, a request for a receipt indicating our balance was zero was denied as the booking had been made on line. A complaint regarding this made at the client relation desk, situated beside the check in/out counter was immediately rectified. There is definitely a training/management problem with staff at the check in/out desk which leaves an overall negative impression of the hotel.	
Jan 13 2009	Good location but rooms terrible .	We'd booked two nights in a &quot;deluxe double&quot;, room was very small and freezing cold, even with the heating on constantly. Room situated right next to the staff lift, so couldn't get any sleep at all for the first night as the lift was in constant use. In the morning asked for a replacement room, told we could upgrade for a charge of £30.00, but we did not want to pay more, just wanted a room that wasn't next to the lift and was warmer. The next room we were given was directly above the airconditioning unit, which meant constant noise and was worse than the lift noise and the room was still freezing cold, with a terrible draft from the window. Asked to change again, this time the man on Reception was a little sarcastic with us, but we did eventually get a better room for the second night. Another problem, there is no staircase for guests to use, the only stairs being behind the Concierge area and although the Staff were very friendly, it was embarressing to have to explain each time where we were going!	
Jan 12 2009 	Upgraded - not 4 star but still nice	Me and my Girlfriend decided we'd have our christmas in January so we could have our own celebration. we thought we'd treat ourselves to nice 4 star Hotel. On arrival it looks lovely, big open spaces, wonderful artwork and fantastic lighting. When checking in i spoke to the gentleman - Edgar on reception - Very helpful and he explained that it is the luck of the draw. sometimes you can get there and there is no que (we were lucky) he said sometimes you come and its queing out the door and if you saw the size of the lobby thats a big Que. Anyway Edgar who was very helpful sorted us out nice and quick and we were into our room, (ask for a smoking room if you want the top floor) when we got to our room it was presented lovely all be it a bit small. I went down to edgar and asked to see a kingsize room. he took me up to veiw it before i purchased and i was very pleased. For a small extra fee we were given a room twice the size and lovely veiw over london. The front desk when i called were very helpful. Although the staff apear to be from all around the world however they speak fair english and do appear to try and help the best they can. The 4 star rating seems a little high. id put it more at the high 3 star perhaps very low 4 star. Location is fantastic, turn left out the hotel and your on Oxford street, walk all of 60 feet from the front door and your at Oxford Circus Station. Me and my girlfriend both did have a fantastic weekend and were happy with our first stay in London	
Jan 11 2009 	Take you thermals	Arrived early on Sat and left our bags with reeception, check in took about 15 mins, even though no queue.Went to our room at 2.15 pm and noticed room was very cold and could not increase the temperature, went to Reception for a heater. Arrived but never switched it on so when we went back to our room at 1.00 am room was freezing.We had to ring down for extra blankets and a duvet arrived 15 mins later.We had drinks in the bar which was also cold and would have been better suited as a freezer. The bar staff had 2 portable heaters which were placed by the pillers in the bar. However when guests asked for the heaters to be turned towards themselves we froze on the other side of the room.Overall the room was OK, beds comfortable but cold room. Staff were polite and helpful.Would not go again and would look for a better experience with another hotel.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great Location - Cold Hotel	This hotel apparently had 40k spent per room after the renovation from the previous owner. We visited in Dec and apart from the lobby being frigid both in decor and temperature (the staff had space heaters to keep warm) the hotel was fine.It is very well located (previously being Londoners of 10 years we appreciated this, but don't' expect great service, rooms were rarely made up on time during the day, despite leaving for several hours. Also very few of the help actually understood English, management training issue here.	
Jan 2 2009 	The Shoe Box	Booked to stay at The Cumberland over New Year.On arrival at check in the queue was enormous, was told that we were staying in the executive rooms which are across the road in a nother building. Ok sounds good we thought Executive- bigger than average.How wrong could you be, we thought that room 0505 was possibly the cleaners cupboard. The bed was up against the wall which meant that you had a frozen back all night. Plus the heating was broken so they lent us a portable radiator ! Everytime a guest in the next room used the toilet it woke us up as the cistern was too noisy. Did not have one full nights sleep in our 3 night stay.Only one of us at a time could get to the bed as there was not enough room for 2 people to be in the same spot at once. You had to climb over one another to get out of bed !!Great news for 2 women that it had a full length mirror but guess what no lighting near it !! I must say for such a fabulous and grand reception which is totally awesome upon arrival the rooms are a total let down.We are very dissappointed considering the room rates we paid. I have never stayed in such a small , cramped room Ever !!!	
Jan 2 2009 	Christmas treat for boys	Booked 2 rooms a twin for teenage boys and a double for us. Check in very smooth no wait. Arrived early before 12 rooms available boys had large twin we had small double. Both rooms in annex block. Very quiet ideal. Staff friendly and helpful.Breakfast dreadful. Overcrowded, messy had to eat on second morning in a conference room. The hotel cannot cope with the amount of guests.Bar had drinks and sandwiches after a show -expensive but ok.Probably would not stop again usually book one of the Marriott chain.	
Dec 18 2008 	very nice Hotel	The hotel is central located, near to all sights, the rooms are a bit small for the price paid, breakfast is tooo expensive - recommend the coffee shop next door	
Dec 16 2008 	Speak clearly to the reception staff :-)	In this hotel's defence, we didn't have any of the problems listed in recent reviews. There was no queue to check it even though it was a Saturday, all lifts were working etc. The only hiccup was on arrival my girlfriend and I only had one set of bath towels in our room. Not exactly the end of the world, so on the way out to dinner we asked the reception staff for another set to be dropped in our room at some point. Done and dusted, or so we thought. After a boozy night out we returned at 4am to find a giant electric heater in our room and no extra towels. At 4am, trust me, this was very funny. Being a gentleman, I gave away our only towel for my girlfriend to use and I sat by the powerful heater to dry off. We got some more towels after our second request to the front desk. A great hotel, good location and entertainingly lucky-dip based solutions from the reception staff :-)	
Dec 15 2008 	Another Bad Review	After reading many bad reviews on this hotel, for some reason i decided to go ahead and book anyway. I WISH I HADN'T. As in most reviews the staff were terrible, didn't have a clue how to speak to guests or know what they were doing. Check in took 45 mins, which had to be resolved by customer complaints staff in the end. as they didnt even have a room that i booked and paided for. the only reson i didnt rate it terrible is due to the complaints department being fantastic. in all avoid this hotel	
Dec 9 2008 	Poor staff!	First of all they made us feel as if we were not welcome, the staff looked like it was their first day on the job and therefore we were waiting by the counter more than an hour to get proper understanding that the room was paid in advance, not just that they were totally ignorant. Hotels.com are poorly managed as well since we booked with free bottle of wine in the room as part of the package but we got nothing, barley our room. The hotel is crowded an noisy. Very bad experience, never go there again-never suggest other people to go there-you too!	
Dec 1 2008 	Seriously dissapointed	Arrived 1.30pm and checked in but no room available. Went out for lunch, came back 4.30, still no room available, and met 15 other people/parties in same situation. Finally got a room about 5p.m. All downstairs areas very cold and uninviting. Breakfast great fun. Stand in line for 20 minutes while ONE waitress slowly considers thinking about if she really can be arsed to find you a table in between laying out cutlery and taking up front cash from some poor sods who had not considered paying ahead. All this while about 50 people waiting to be seated for breakfast!!!! And don't expect to leave your bag at reception or with the concierge because it won't happen! They are are far too busy to deal with arriving or departing guests. If this is a 4 star hotel it shouldn't be. It is hopelessly incompetent on the service level. Do yourself a favour and give this place a very wide berth. Alves	
Dec 1 2008 	The worst hotel I have ever stayed at in London	The hotel can clearly not cope with the volume of guests. The check in process was delayed by several ours. The queue to check out was unbelievable. 3 out of the 6 lifts were out of order causing more queues with lots of upset guests trying to get to their rooms. We didn’t even bother with the bar as they clearly didn’t have enough staff to serve guests. I will never use Hotel Direct or recommend this site to anyone, this hotel was recommended by hotel direct as a gem? The whole experience left us exhausted? We spoke to lots of quest while trying to check in, all of which will be logging complaints against the hotel. One plus point to mention, the staff remained friendly at all times which needs to commended as they had to deal with so many upset quests.	
Dec 1 2008 	small room	me and my wife stayed 7 days at this hotel ,on arraival we had to stand in a qeue for 30 mins. which was very stressful after 8 hrs flying ...we escorted to our room which iwas spouse to be large or reasonable size especially we paid for double delux viewing hyde park (double price of stander room)but insted, we got small room with smallest bath room i ever seen in 4* hotel.....went back to recepiton complaining ?we told that is size of all of our room except famaily rooms,,,,so if you looking for luxury hotelwith good size room avoid this hotel by any means .take best westren moysten insted cheaper and located on marbel arch.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great location for shops 	A great hotel if you want to be within walking distance of the main shops and a few minutes from the tube. The hotel itself was very comfortable with my only criticism being the shower door didn't close fully so water ended up on bathroom floor, although this wasn't really an issue and I didn't even report it. The bar was fine with a good cocktail list, although not cheap but in line with London proces. Some great restaurants very close.	
Nov 10 2008 	great for a visit to london	stayed with 3 teenage boys for weekend in london. read other trip advisor reviews and noted wide variation in reviews. The key get right is to book directly with the hotel (not the call centre) and get a delux refurbished room with a view AND confirm this with the front desk on arrivalkey positives:great position - for a run in hyde park, access to west end, shops etcmodern rooms, good bathroomsgood breakfastsattractive lobbyvery competitive pricinghelpful conciege and staffreduced ncp parking costtoo consider:huge hotel, very busy, wide variation of clientelenot for a romantic weekend	
Nov 10 2008 	Fab Hotel brilliant location!!!	My friend and I stayed at The Cumberland for a girlie getaway. We arrived on the Friday night - check in was quick and the lobby is vibrant and busy. We were given a large twin room, with the most comfortable bed i have slept in (besides my own!). We went down to the bar late in the evening - prices were high - but this is central London. We eventually went to the on site club - for free and danced all night till 3 am. This was one of the best nights out I've ever had in London, such a good laugh and great music. Spoke to a few of the people in the club and they said that it is one of the &quot;in&quot; places in the area - just make sure you have a full wallett! We didn't have breakfast at the hotel, but there is a brilliant patesserie just outside the entrance of the hotel that was very well priced, and I can't recommend the cakes enough!!All staff in the hotel were extremley polite and professional, and the hotel itself was a pleasure to stay in and I would recommend a stay there - the location is amazing and facilities fab. Molton Brown/ Elemis products impressed me and my friend. One of the best things about the hotel is a well organised and secure luggage room where we left our cases before we got the train home, was so good not having to cart them around Oxford St. Brilliant!!Taxis to/rfrom Euston - between £6/8 not worth buying a tube ticket. Two glasses of wine £15 (off licence outside hotel!) Tube station 2 mins away.	
Nov 9 2008 	great location but a few blips !	Just arrived back from spending one night in this hotel.We arrived at 1 pm and queued to check in . This took an age only to get the front of the queue to be told to come back for the key (and queue AGAIN!) at 2pm!The check-in process is a shambles and most of the receptionists do not have very good English.The rooms are fine- quite spacious and ours was quiet - we were at the side of the hotel.The hotel is in a brilliant location- a few yards from Marble Arch Tube.The lifts are always busy- it can take forever ! Lift number 5 broke down on us and we were trapped in it for about 10 mins-- a horrible experience ! No apology given to us.We used the stairs up to the 2nd floor after that experience.However the stairs which are behind the concierge desk are absolutely horrible-- like a service stairwell. As far as we could see theses were the only stairs -- God help everyone if there is a fire !We went into the bar and were charged £43 for 4 shorts and mixers ! (2 brandies, 1 gin and 1 vodka )Included in this was a 12.5% service charge !!WHAT SERVICE? - we had to queue 3 deep at the bar for our drinks. WHAT A RIP OFF!The Italian restaurant across from the hotel entrance) is lovely and do a special lunch menu -- 2 courses for £7.95 with a glass of wine for £2-- and it was lovely!	
Nov 8 2008 	Good value good breakfast excellent location	We have stayed at the Cumberland before and full marks to the Front Desk staff who knew that. This London hotel is next to Marble Arch tube station and Oxford Street, and if arriving by car there is a choice of 24 hour ncp car parks just minutes away -be sure to ask the concierge for your discount voucher.The rooms are comfortable - not very large, but this is London, The bathrooms are clean, bright and modern. A computer keyboard in the room provides internet access if needed. Make sure you take a clock to see the time during the night though. Breakfast is in the Market Cafe,which is self service , there is food for everyone's taste and the system works well.We couldn't get in to the Rhode's Brasserie due to a private function which was disappointing, but ate in the bar instead - the little hamburgers were lovely and just enough to share.The Cumberland is good value and an excellent location.	
Nov 7 2008 	Dont spoil it by having breakfast.	My husband and I stayed at this hotel on the night of Monday, 6 November 2006. Check in was pleasant and quick and we were allocated a room located right next door to the lift on the first floor. Unfortunately, the continuous ping of the lift was disturbing and in addition there was a noisy air-conditioning unit outside the bedroom window. We asked to move, and were relocated to a room in a quieter wing of the hotel. Please be aware though that this hotel is situated at Marble Arch so the traffic noise is 24/7.That evening we stayed in the hotel complex and used the bars and the Rhodes restaurant. The standard of food was superb and service impeccable. The next morning we arrived downstairs for breakfast and were absolutely astounded to have to take breakfast in what really resembles a school canteen – the Market restaurant. The place was very noisy and exuded the strong smell of fried foods. We enquired as to whether or not we were in the correct place and if there was an alternative breakfast room. Unfortunately, we were told there was not. We were shown to a table and had to queue for our breakfast! When we returned to the table and our coffee was poured, the table was not stable and the coffee spilt over the table onto my suit. This was extremely embarrassing as the room was packed. The staff passed me a napkin but by then the damage had been done.The lovely relaxing ambience of the reception areas, bar and bedroom along with the superb food and service in the Rhodes restaurant was totally blighted by the dreadful breakfast experience.	
Oct 30 2008 	Great Location.	Having read reviews was a little apprehensive about this hotel when booked into it by my work. However, needn't have worried.Lobby very impressive but arrival coincided with a lot of others so wisely sprinted for reception desk to avoid consequent queue. Check in seemed slow process.Room - larger than most single rooms I have experinced in London, quiet and well equipped- flat screen TV, iron etc.. Modern bathroom. Everything clean and functional. Wireless internet but at a price.Breakfast in the Market- a little impersonal but large choice. Only criticism was coffee was not the best and luke warm.Check out fine- did notice one man complaining about his room- principally because it was next to very busy lifts and they offered to move himHowever, main benefit of this hotel is its fantastic location at Marble Arch End of Oxford Street	
Oct 29 2008 	Average hotel great location	We booked the Cumberland due to the great rates on offer aswell as the location - a hotel on Oxford Street for a shopping weekend, what more could you ask for!On arrival it's very impressive. The reception lobby is huge, very modern and clinical. You get the idea that you're in a top modern hotel and the rooms will follow suit. Unfortunately they don't. The rooms are basic and nothing special, on the small side - but alot bigger than many other London hotel rooms. Everything you need and very clean. Plenty of wardrobe space. The mini bar was empty apart from the complementary water - very strange. When the maid cleaned the room next day all she did was make the bed and change the towels, didn't even remove the dirty glasses we had lying around. On our final morning the maids knocked on our door 4 times, even though we told them first time we weren't checking out until 12 - you won't get a long lie in this hotel!We didn't use the bar or the restaurants, mainly because of the prices. There are loads of places to eat and drink round about, a short stroll away - so why pay the extortionate prices. I'd only stay here again if I got a great deal on the rates, as the location is fantastic. otherwise I'd look elsewhere.	
Oct 21 2008 	Convenient Modern Hotel	We ended up staying at the Cumberland by chance, through Virgin Vacations, after our original hotel had some problems. It was a great replacement. The Cumberland seems to have been recently updated, so the decor is clean and modern. The only problem I had with the room was that the bathroom door had strangely big opening from the doorframe. But this was a minor trouble. The room was spacious by London standards, and very clean and enjoyable to relax in.The location also can't be beat -- just outside the Marble Arch tube station, and down the street from all the great shopping. A full English breakfast was also included in the cost, which was a great bonus. Definitely recommend the Cumberland!	
Oct 21 2008 	Great night away at a lovely hotel	My daughter and I have just had a wonderful night in London where we met up with other family at The Cumberland Hotel at Marble Arch. We had a fantastic time and the hotel is in a superb position. It is clean, lovely rooms and yes it is absolutely huge, but that added to the excitement as we live in a tiny remote village. The staff were very helpful and had a good laugh at all of us taking photos in the reception area. It truly is a stunning hotel. The rooms are very modern and not huge, but hey - you're in London - who wants to stay in the room? The beds were comfortable and the only problem was someone in the next room being noisily passionate at half 12 at night! It was all over very quickly though!! The breakfast was very well organised considering the amount of people at the hotel. We were taken to a separate suite which was better as my 88 year old Grandmother found it a bit noisy in the main area. She then sat while we waited on her! My 2 Aunts came down a bit later and were taken to the A La Carte restaurant for their breakfast as it was so busy. But we only waited a couple of minutes to be seated and then everything was self service and there was no wait. The food was hot and nice and plenty of choice. There is a fantastic 'pod' chair in the reception area where you sit and listen to different sounds! Very artistic. The night for a twin room was £139 which I thought was extremely good value and I would definately stay there again.	
Oct 3 2008 	Worst service ever!	I stayed in this hotel with my husband &amp; 2 children aged 10 &amp; 11 from 26th sept last for 3 nights. I made the booking by telephone &amp; I received an e-mail confirming a family room had been reserved. When we got to the hotel @ 4.30pm having travelled from Ireland we were firstly told our room was not ready even though check in time is 2pm &amp; secondly that a twin room had been booked. The recepionist was surprised even given the children are now small teenagers! When we stated that a family room had been booked I quoted the 6 digit reservation number we had been given. This was not enough &amp; she wanted to see a copy of the e-mail I had received. So I tried to access my e-mail from the hotel but was unsuccessful. We had no proof other than what was on the e-mail so we ended up staying in the twin room that night. The room was eventually ready at 5.30pm.The room was small - containing 2 large single beds which the 4 of us had to squeeze into. All of us had a very poor nights sleep &amp; to add to the misery we were on the first floor - just above the night club where the noise level increased hour by hour until about 4 in the morning. We attempted to change rooms the next morning but were told it would cost an extra £40 per night extra. We declined. When we arrived home I checked my e-mail to discover that a FAMILY room had in fact been booked. I then sent an e-mail to complain to the hotel to which they replied that they would refund £65 to my credit card. This should in fact be £120 as they stated to us that it would cost an extra £40 per night to upgrade. Other gripes: movie charges - £5.99 /internet charges £3.99.I DO NOT recommend this hotel - the prices are extortionate, the service is atrocious &amp; they certainly do not care about the customer.	
Sep 30 2008	tiny tiny room inpersonal service poor breakfast	Its a shame! I had stayed in this hotel some years ago - in those days, it had been under Meridien flag. And it was fair. OK, it´s a Huuuuge hotel, but they did a good job. But when I came back this month, it was nothing but horrible: a used room, dirty bathroom, poor breakfast, no service at all. I had to wait 1h for a taxi - no doorman/ taxi boy available... just a no go!	
Sep 28 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Just back from a 2 night stay in the Cumberland hotel. Found the hotel to be excellent, clean spacious modern room. Excellent location just off oxford street and 2 minutes to marble arch tube station. Would definitely recommend it.	
Sep 22 2008 	The worst hotel we have ever stayed in.	This hotel was booked via our company for business use, other wise we would have walked out after the first night.We arrived at the hotel and due to an error on our part we were placed in a twin room. This room was shabby with large brown marks on the carpet and a window that was locked so that you could not pull the inside blind down. We requested a double the following day and was given another room on the floor above at the very end of the hotel. After unpacking I found that the air con did not work so waited for many hours for the maintance man to arrive to be told it could not be fixed. I then had to re pack all our belongings and move to yet another room 5 floors down. I had contacted the reception desk and asked for them to call me when another room was avalible only to be told that he was to busy for that and would have to go to reception to orgainse this my self. This room was also shabby the wardrobe doors did not close and the fridge inside catch was held up with brown masking tape!!.The bathroom door handle came of in my hand which my husband placed on the reception desk. There was no ironing board or iron as was stated I had left a do not disturbe sign on the door but house keeping called me on the phone whilst I was a sleep asking me if I wanted the room cleaned any way waking me up. On other occasions they kept on knocking even with me shouting out asking for them to wait as I was in the bath.The food prices are rediculas we paid £9.00 for two bowls of fries that arrived cold, I ordered a kebab for £14.50 and it was 2 of the smallest skewers that I had ever seen with some rocket and that was it, breakfast is £21.50!!!. Our collegue who also stayed in a single room had the hairdryer cut out every 15 seconds and the electric lights kept on going out, one morning she actully had to get showered in the dark. She ordedered breakfast on the last day which did not arrive and we had breakfast on our bill which we did not even order, (check your bill)We were apologised to and sent a bottle of cheap white wine. The bill for our 4 night stay was nearly £1300.00. We have stayed in hotels all over the world, and the customer service here is dreadful.	
Sep 21 2008 	Like sleeping in a Jet Engine. Noisy.	In the last few years when living in London I watched the Cumberland hotel being renovated. One of the I stayed at the Cumberland for 1 night recently. Initial impressions are excellent, the lobby looks world class and raises your expectations that the rest of the experience will be of the same standard.Not so.Once you get beyond check-in the disapointment starts. It seems that the renovation work, for reasons of cost, did not update some of the areas that should have been.Windows. PoorArriving at the room you will note that the windows are the originals, dating from the 1920s. Not double or triple glazed. An old rickety single piece of glass. As a result there is no insulation. If you are unlucky enough, as I was to get a room facing away from the street look forward to a night of interrupted sleep. The noise of the hotel aircon system reverbarates through the entire hotel - I've slept on quieter planes. Secondly, as the windows are so old they fit the frames poorly - expect drafts of cold air gushing into your room.Minibar. EmptyMini-bar fridge in the room. NIce. Opening the minibar - an empty fridge. Bizarre.Bedding. Tired.Superficially this seems to be an excellent hotel. Location is very good for central London. Everything else could be much much better. Try elsewhere reader.	
Sep 20 2008 	Definitely worth a stay	Would definitely go back to the Cumberland if staying in London for a weekend . Great location, wow factor with the reception area and friendly and efficient service . In particular we would highlight the concierge service as outstanding .Our bedroom was the delux double which is the standard bedroom and cost us £130 for the room . It was on the third floor and we were impressed how quiet it was even to the extent that we were not disturbed in the morning and overslept. Room was small but it was clean , good sized bathroom and the bed was really comfy, Didn't have breakfast or any meals in the hotel - 15 mins appetite raising walk away is Soho with its range of wonderful restaurants. A very good place to stay for paying a low room rate for London with so much at your fingertips to explore	
Sep 20 2008 	Fab location - shoebox room	We stayed in this hotel for the weekend friday to sunday. Location: Ive got to say I was dead impressed with the location its just literally off Oxford Street and was great for shopping because you could pop your bags back to your room and carry on! We could see the Marble Arch right outside our window which was awesome. Very busy road as you would expect. Check In: OK offered to upgrade our room for another £50 or so but we managed to batter that right down, they are up for negotiation! Just basically so we could have a view. Very impressed with the reception on arrival, flooring lit up different colours and different times of the day? Very dark though. Good concierge service. Life size sculptures. Several restaurants (I think 5) including Gary Rhodes (bit pricey for us) But we had breakfast with our deal from last minute and that was plentiful and lovely. Room: very very modern with flat screen tv and bright colours and lovely bathroom, although very very small it was a bit claustrophobic but very nice and clean with nice bath products. We were hardly in our room during our stay as we had things planned. Didnt get around to visiting the nightclub downstairs. I would stay there again in a heartbeat - just for the location really.	
Sep 17 2008 	Great location!	We spent 4 nights at the Cumberland in January 2008 and were absolutely thrilled. We had a large triple room on the 6th floor which we found nicely decorated and very modern. The staff at the front desk and in the other parts of the lobby and the wohole hotel were absolutely helpful and friendly - I don't know whether we were very lucky or whether we must have caught everyone in a great mood, but we were really happy with the way we were treated during our stay there. The breakfast was very good, although we were quite surprised to realise, that there was a huge difference in range an variety on weekdays and on weekends (no bread, only toast etc.).The location, as pointed out by many already, ist excellent right next to Marble Arch and on Oxford Street. We did the &quot;Original Tour&quot; (48 Hour ticket for sightseeing buses) which was absolutely great, because nearly all of the routes start directly in front of the hotel on Marble Arch. We will definitively return!	
Sep 15 2008 	Extremely overpriced and crummy	A rapidly falling starThe Guoman-owned hotel seems to be in rapid decline. Recently, I stayed at The Cumberland for the second time in two years and the «design hotel disease» is really setting in. At the opening, The Cumberland was a true marvel.A huge lobby with changing coloured lights and interesting art welcomed the traveller with deep pockets. It felt dead, however. Like a huge, neon lit coffin where the door men didn't bother to open the door for you since the were too busy pandering to some sheik.The hotel in generalFast forward two years, and the hotel appears to approximately half of the quality it was. The attentive concierge that helped out with everything is replaced with a woman more attentive to her Facebook account than the actual customers. The restaurant is sub-par for the price and the breakfast is terrible even taken the British food into account. A saving grace for the hotel lobby bar is their very effective maître de maison, a nice fellow with a slight French dialect who will help you out as best as he can. What he can not do, however, is change the fact that the toilet is located somewhere around a kilometer away, one level down in the basement of the hotel. After trekking to this mythical toilet of The Cumberland, I was disappointed to find an unclean, outdated smelly and leaky gents toilet. One of the urinals was leaking and instead of fixing it, a bucked was placed under it. Not good at all.For nightlife entertainment, there's a night club in the basement of the hotel. This club is rather tacky and not worth further mention.This is a very large hotel, you'll find that out once you get lost in the dimly lit hallways. Finding the room is actually not very difficult, the sam can not be said for finding the elevator. The signs to the rooms are helpful, but the signs back to the elevator are almost non-existent. You might ask, &quot;Uh, you can't just follow the signs back to the elevator?&quot; but alas. No you cannot since the signs pointing to the room are located very near the elevator itself. A fire in this maze of a hotel is going to be a right catastrophe.When trying to use the exercise facilities last time, I made the mistake of checking out before killing some time on the treadmill before the flight out of City. The Cumberland has no changing / shower facilities at the gym and I had to skip the run. The roomThe rooms are OK in size, so is the bed. This time I was a bit lucky and got a quite large room with a king size bed. However, the crummy work of the builders is really starting to show everywhere in the room. Paint is falling off, the silicone work in the bath is terrible, the shower is constructed in such a way that you can not avoid an ice cold stream in your face when turing it on.The carpet next to the door was peeling off, and the service list on the phone was coming off. All small details that should have been taken care of when you cater to the posh segment.My room (1010) faced the wonderful Marble Arch and thus had a great view. The sounds of the very busy street, not so much. The outer window would not close properly so the inner window had to take the most of the sound dampening. Not optimal. The minibar contained only water, and I do not mind that. The tea set above the minibar was quite nice. For the price we are paying for the room, they could have a better collection of tea however. The bath amenities were sparse and not very exclusive given the room price.When trying to use the Internet connection, I was disappointed to notice that there was no WiFi in my room. I resorted to using the cable Ethernet. This was charged to my room at a rate I did not notice as the massage flickered over the screen too fast to read. Before successfully connecting to the net, I had to muck about the settings on my Mac, making it officially the first hotel where I had trouble connecting to the net over the five year lifetime of my Mac. In sumThis is a very nice hotel, of course, but my review has taken into consideration the quite hefty price they charge. I'm willing to pay a lot for staying in a place, but the service and quality need to be on par with the price. The overall impression is that the Cumberland is overpriced with 70% to 100% of the price. It had potential, but could not quite live up to the expectations. Steer away, there are several better alternatives in that price range.	
Sep 15 2008 	Ultra Modern	Though I have been to London several times this was the first time at the Cumberland. Being artistic I loved staying at a place that had art in their lobby. With the multi colored lights changing from pink in the day time to a light blue at night it was to say the least different. The room itself was okay in size by London standards. It was modern with a flat screen TV and lighted glass on the back drop of the bed. I really did not care for the frosted bathroom door since I was not traveling by myself but whatever it was great for the week I was there. I would go back. It is close to the tube, is in a grat location, and great staff.Cool bar.	
Sep 15 2008 	Never again	I booked a double deluxe room for two nights as a birthday celebration for my husband. What a disappointment. Dirty carpets, rusty sink fittings, suspicious curly hairs in the sink, empty mini bar, incredibly noisy. The 'market' where you eat breakfast is appalling. Its is noisy beyond belief and you have to share a table with other couples. To speak to my husband meant having to shout which meant the other guests at our table could hear our conversation. I can only imagine its what a holiday camp is like. You even have to queue to be seated. This is not 4 star service! The corridors were dirty and tired. The reception area, whilst modern, makes you feel queasy. The only saving grace is the Gary Rhodes experience.	
Sep 10 2008 	Great All Round	The only thing that let it down was that you pay a lot to not get breakfast included and the room was a little musky but other than that it was perfect, you pay a lot for the location but its worth every penny and for just a single overnight stay it was just right. Was missing some useful amenities like free wifi but for just a night it didn't really bother me. You can easily spend 2 days there (as we did) one at hyde park and one shopping and have a nice weekend away. Hotel itself was very clean and so were the rooms, was a lovely building, comfy beds and nice a quiet in the rooms providing you are in central london.	
Sep 9 2008 	Got no soul.	Walked through the main door thought &quot;WOW&quot;, totally different to every single other hotel, loved the contemporary look and feel to the reception area, very spacious. Checked in about 12 noon, we booked a deluxe king for 2 nights and got an upgrade for a Hyde Park view at reception, asked if we wanted a bath or a shower, said bath, was told room was not ready till about 2pm, no probs so we went to the Natural History Museum and got back about 5pm. Got directions for the room, followed his instructions and got lost, asked about 5 members of staff and not one person could tell us where it was. After about 15 minutes we finally got into the room, we had been downgraded without being told, ie no Hyde Park view, we were in no man's land in the annex, and we got a shower not a bath in the room. Went back down to reception as we didn't fancy a long walk before breakfast to the &quot;main&quot; building, changed room and again we had the same problem finding the room given poor directions. We finally got in and we were both in a bad mood. The room itself couldn't really fault, spacious for a London Hotel, nice pic above the headboard, but the modern style lacked any type of soul, any type of character, it had neither. The sinks, well, lets say, if I bought a house with that style, they would be the first things to be pulled out.Location - brilliant, at the end of Oxford Street and practically 2 minutes walk away from Marble Arch tube station.Staff - Clueless and cold, hint to Guoman Hotels, try and get more staff in serving at Breakfast, we had to wait over 10 Minutes for a coffee, the 2nd morning I gave in and had fruit juice at breakfast.Food - Didn't try restaurant, looked at the price and walked to the exit straight away, If anyone is prepared to pay those prices do not deserve to own money, granted you pay for what you get, but that is rediculous. Breakfast was ok, nothing special, and on par with 3 and 4 star hotels, loved the freshly cooked pancakes with choice of filling as was cooked in front of me, hated people moaning that it was a rip off and had to pay £20 (per person) for their breakfast.In a nutshell, it is cold, soulless and has no character and extremely overly priced, there are other alternatives nearby at better prices and staff that actually know what time of day it is. Definitely not a hotel I will ever set foot in again, If I went with work and paid for me, I would ask if I could get another hotel even if it meant downgrading to a 2 or 3 star hotel, I'm serious. Also beware of the stupid inflated prices when it is busy, I tried to book this hotel a few times before I stayed and sometimes the singles were selling over £300, I wouldn't pay over £150 for a king room let alone a single at this hotel.	
Sep 5 2008 	Above average with some quibbles	ABOUT: The Cumberland is a member of Guoman Hotels, a small but up-and-coming local chain of hotels. It is located in an old but beautiful building. It was taken over in 2003/4 and underwent a massive renovation program to become the Le Méridien Marble Arch using Le Méridien's short-lived Art+Tech concept. Needless to say, the deal didn't last and the hotel opened up as The Cumberland, A Guoman Hotel, under which it operates to this day.LOCATION: This is one of the hotel's strongest points. The Cumberland is on Great Cumberland Place directly across from the Marble Arch with frontage on Oxford Street. Extremely convenient for the multitude of shops up and down Oxford. The Marble Arch Tube Station is located on the Oxford side of the building, along with a Pret A Manger restaurant on the corner of the hotel.LOBBY/RECEPTION: The lobby resembles a modern art gallery, with stark white walls and floors, differently colored lights everyday, videos playing behind the reception desks, photographs, water walls and three large sculptures. The reception itself was a long desk that was sufficiently staffed.CHECK-IN: Simple process by a cheerful, polite employee. Didn't take more than five minutes.CORRIDORS: This hotel has 1019 rooms, making it one of the largest hotels in London. The corridors are long and can be a bit of a drag since you have to make a few turns here and there to get to your room. All corners have heavy doors to keep noise down; these doors close at night, but can be pushed opened whenever.ROOM: Our room, 5018, was a deluxe room. Upon pushing the heavy door open, we were greeted by a bank of three large windows with roll-down blinds overlooking the bleak hotel courtyard. The room is consistent with the Art+Tech concept, creating a modern, art-oriented space. The large room has a blue-green color scheme with backlit photographs, wood paneling and glass. The two beds are backed by a large etched glass headboard that is lit from the inside to create a nice piece of art. Each bed is fitted with Egyptian linens and one large square pillow that can be folded in half to &quot;create&quot; two pillows should one need it. The beds are very comfortable, if not a bit worn. A wall-mounted plasma screen television (I'm guessing 37 inches) is placed in front of the beds. There is one closet next to the television with a sliding frosted glass door. Within the same enclosure is the mini-fridge, a swinging table containing tea- and coffee-making facilities and the safe. All phone calls are charged; local calls are 60p a minute while national calls are 1.50 pounds a minute. Internet access is provided by a cable on the desk or wirelessly (you have to pay to use the Internet; payment can be made online or by purchasing cards from the reception), but the signal is extremely wonky as it wavers between strong and weak in different parts of the room. I found the strongest signal lying against the door in the foyer!BATHROOM: For those familiar with the Art+Tech bathroom concept, you'll be sure to understand this. The bathroom is somewhat small but spacious enough. The door to the bathroom is frosted green glass, but creates small gaps along the edges even when closed and locked, so it might be inconvenient to those with privacy issues (&quot;sounds&quot; made within the bathroom can also be heard in the room). There is a frosted glass sink seemingly floating by itself; to the right of it lies the toilet, while to the left of the sink is the shower stall. The shower is a rectangular stall with two large clear glass panels on the bathroom side and normal glass on the walls. The shower itself is strong and refreshing, with rich towels hung on a rail above the toilet. There is a small bright green light next to the toilet and sink that can't be turned off, so when all the lights in the room are off at night, it creates an ominous glow like something out of an alien movie throughout the entire room.FOOD: We had breakfast at the Market restaurant in the hotel's basement. It is accessed by taking the elevator from your room to the lobby, walking across the lobby to a staircase or elevators next to the main entrance, going down to the basement and then walking a bit to the restaurant. The restaurant itself is large and can be compared to a school canteen. It is undoubtedly modern, with black leather or beige seats, gallery lighting, and glass partitions. The buffet is designed as five stations along one wall: English breakfast, breads/pastries, meats, egg station and juices/cereals/dairy. The food was very good and of an extremely high quality. Tea and coffee is served by waiters and waitresses wandering around the restaurant.SERVICE: This is where the hotel falters. One must keep in mind that this is a large hotel so service isn't always particularly prompt. Despite this, I have stayed in larger hotels before, but The Cumberland still seems to take longer than usual. While staff were extremely polite throughout the stay, I found their timing to be a major issue, especially when asking for items to be sent to the room. I once asked for a laundry bag to be sent up, and thirty minutes later it had still not arrived. I called housekeeping once again, and it took them fifteen more minutes to send a member of staff with the bag up. I believe that a little more training in punctuality can fix this.CHECK-OUT: Check-out took a while because of a mix-up with our bill. Our rate included VAT and breakfast, but we erroneously paid for the wrong bill that included them as supplementary charges. When we brought it up immediately to the receptionist, she insisted that our rate did not include VAT or breakfast, and that we already paid for the whole bill. The supervisor came by, checked the system and saw that VAT and breakfast were meant to be included and she refunded the additional charges to us. OVERALL: All in all, this was a very good hotel with comfortable rooms and excellent food. However, it needs to polish its customer service more in order to provide an excellent overall experience.I would stay again.	
Aug 29 2008 	Disappointing - just awful	what can I say, everything I read so far I can confirm, thank goodness we upgraded, an extra 25 pound a night got us the following - creaking toilet bowl, leaking bathroom sink, rotting wood at the back of sink, lights that did not work, problems connecting to the internet, not a clean smell in the bedroom - curry smell in the corridors.The ambience of the corridors with the blue boxed room numbers with white doors is reminisance of an incarsaration movie. As i type this I am looking at a wall mounted TV which is of an adequite size, however, the whole wall mounted installation and all the cords hanging and the 3 large sockets all on view, which could have easily been hidden behind the flat panel.The carpet is badly stained in many places and looks cheap (today it hasn't even been vaccumed, our glasses have not been changed, we had to make tea in them, are still on the desk unwashed) the wall safe failed and we had to cool security to get our belongs out.Previous reviewer likened the breakfast area to a school canteen, we had one breakfast, then ate out for the rest of our stay. We found a patissere across the road from the hotel, actual the executive building is opposite, where we had the best breakfast ever.Despite all of the above it certainly has not been a disaster, but you would expect more value for the cost.	
Aug 18 2008 	very average	I must admit i am a travel agent and got a good agents rate at this hotel.i thought id got a bargain for a so called 4 star hotel in central london in a de luxe room.how wrong was i.the hotel is very busy with loads of people just milling round the huge soulless reception area.check in was efficient if not exactly welcoming.the double de luxe room was obviously a single room with a double bed shoved in .one side was against the wall and there hardly any room to walk about.the breakfast room reminded me of a school cafeteria and the breakfast was at best very average although they did their best to cater for the many nationalities staying here.i have paid a similer amount before to stay in london and will return next time to the wonderful raddissson chain for a more personal and intimate stay in more luxurious surroundings.	
Aug 6 2008 	Big pricesmall rooms	We paid £556 for 2 nights,2 double rooms.We were put into single rooms,with double beds.The furniture in our room had to be rearranged as the bed was jammed against the wall with a unit between the foot end and the opposite wall,making it impossible to climb in and out without disturbing my wife.The TV and towelrail did not work and so many hooks were snapped,the curtains hung off the rail.Breakfast was a disgrace.Hot food was cold and they could not even cook toast.And microwaved &quot;fried &quot;eggs?Did not rate 1star,let alone 4	
Aug 3 2008 	Not as good as before......	I stayed at The Cumerland with 8 other people, so I booked a total of 5 rooms. I've stayed in this hotel a couple of times before and rated it very highly, making my experience this time very disappointing. The queue to check in was very long and very slow. Once I reached the desk, the room allocation was very slow too, although the staff were still friendly. Unfortunately, only one of our rooms was ready, and even when I went back at the time they said, there was still one room that hadn't been cleaned. Once in our room, our tv didn't work and the shower door didn't shut, so we had to precariously support it with one leg or elbow whilst showering! No one answered after trying 3 times to call the front desk, so we had to queue again! There was loud music playing until 3am. Have no idea where it was coming from, and as our room faced out onto ugly roofing and other peoples rooms, it wasn't coming from outside the hotel. The lifts were a complete nightmare! Took ages to come and even when they did, they were completely full so we had to wait, and wait. The good points about this hotel were the restaurant and cocktail bar attached to it. Excellent food and drink, and even better service. There was a large conference going on, but even so, I don't think I'll be rushing back to what was my favourite London hotel before ths weekend.	
Jul 25 2008 	Modern but shabby round the edges	I stayed for 3 days at the Cumberland, which is on the end of Oxford Street/Edgware Road, right above busy Marble Arch tube station, so in a fantastic location for tourists of which there were many staying at the hotel.The hotel's foyer area is huge and white, with the coloured lighting and modern artwork giving a trendy feel. Reception staff are friendly and helpful, but with the impersonal touch of such an enormous hotel.We had a problem with our room when we got there (someone had been using it between being serviced and us arriving), but were immediately upgraded to a bigger room with no fuss.My tip is to try and get a B&amp;B rate as the breakfast alone is almost 20 pounds per person. Or go to a cafe nearby where you can get breakfast for under a fiver.Also, don't drive to the hotel as there's no car park, though you can put the car in the nearby Bryanston Street NCP car park and get a 25 % discount as a hotel guest. This is good as the car park is astronomically expensive because of the location.I found the Cumberland to be clean and tidy, but with that faded look that very large, very busy hotels sometimes get over time. The room itself was also clean, well laid out for comfort and had a comfy bed. There was no minibar, but we had tea- and coffee-making facilities. Overall, I probably won't stay there again unless I got a really good rate. It was rather expensive for what you get, but as a tourist you might be more willing to splash out for that central location.	
Jul 24 2008 	Great Location- Claustraphobics Need Not Stay!	I checked in ahead of my partner who was arriving that evening and called ahead to notify the hotel that I would be checking in at their indicated time of 3PM, I had to wait over 3 hours for my room to be ready! The hotel is aloft with guests waiting on rooms that are simply not ready, an absolute joke from start to finish! The rooms, even the so called deluxe double we ordered was tiny, with no views and tatty decor. The room service was edible and the staff at check in were friendly but incompetent. As a location for shopping it could not be better as it is so centrally located for the Marble Arch tube line where you can explore the city, but as a hotel it was an extremely disappointing experience and one that I will not be revisiting - For the price - not worth it! - Stay somewhere else	
Jul 22 2008 	Fantastic Rooms 	We booked through Londontown.com got fantastic deal for two nights over New Year. Arrived wonderful reception very modern and nicely greeted, the room was fantastic the most comfy beds ever with ovely linen. We wanted to go to a show and the hotel booked this for us, fantastic seats as well. The breakfast was included and was amazing they would cooked to order, anything you wanted.Drinks were pricey in the bar, but expected I suppose	
Jul 21 2008	Awful service 	We were apprehensive after reading the reviews here but thought it was a great location so gave it a go. We waited nearly half an hour to check in which was a pain but bearable. I was relieved when we saw the room - a twin which was clean and modern, the sink was leaking but a call quickly got this sorted. The next morning we showered (great shower) and had a good breakfast (very good choice) and then returned to our room to find it had been cleaned - great. However when I looked for an item that I had wanted to return that I left on the bed (with a gift receipt) I couldn't find it - I looked everywhere and then went to ask housekeeping who ran off very upset and returned the item to me (???!!!) I asked why she had taken it and she said she didnt know what it was!! (It was perfume) Why does that matter? It was my property!! To cut a long story short, the hotel just about dealt with the issue assuring me she would not work there again and gave us 2 bottles of (house) wine, they did not seem to understand what the issue was at all - the girl said she thought I had left it as a gift for her with a note saying 'For you' - there was no note (just the receipt) and the all of our belongings were still in the room so she was obviously just trying to get out of it. Upon checking the hotel the next morning, the same girl was still cleaning!! This says it all to me - they clearly did not take the issue seriously and are not bothered about guest's personal belongings.Sorry for the long review but please be warned! I did not have the problems that others have had with the hotel as such but this and their complete disregard for the issue was very worrying. Shocking customer service, I would never return or recommend this hotel.	
Jul 21 2008 	staff problems	My daughter and I arrived at the Cumberland hotel, walked into the foyer and thought 'wow', it's wonderful. Matters went down-hill from there. Long queues to check in. Problem regarding a member of their staff whilst staying there, and their customer service was abysmal. Whatever happened to the customer being right. Unfortunately the customer is never right at the Cumberland, we were left in no doubt. Never again.	
Jul 17 2008 	Awful Service	I stayed here 6 nights for work and for the price charged it was not up to standard. The system for connecting to the wi-fi is terrible - you have to collect a voucher card from the front desk. I did this the first time and when I returned to get a second one they told me they were out of them (!) Then they instructed me to book another session online which I did using my credit card to pay. That did not work but my card was charged anyway and when I complained the staff had the audacity to tell me that this had nothing to do with their hotel because it was a problem with BT! They never did anything to remedy the problem and I got the internet working myself. What a disgrace!	
Jul 16 2008 	Magnificence in a Shoebox Room	The hotel is modern and responsive, but one should be aware that the lower priced rooms are particularly small by USA standards. The expected conveniences are available, but, in our case, the double bed had one side against the wall, which made getting in and out for one of us a chore. I guess one could say it is the most elegant, air conditioned shoebox money can buy. It is very convenient to the Tube and to Hyde Park, and if you need a quick meal, to McDonalds or KFC. At this point, however, I must also advise others that the hotel is still working on correcting the duplicate billing for the room, since we pre-paid through Priceline but the hotel also charged our credit card for the same nights. A significant lapse in quality bookkeeping, which the hotel has not corrected in ten days since its acknowledgement that it would follow up on the problem.	
Jul 15 2008 	All Front - Standard rooms very poor... upgrade!	I've just returned from three nights at the Cumberland. Turning up in the reception gives big expectations, there was a bit of a wait on check in but there did seem to be a few people with problems at reception. A meet and great member of staff came and apologized and chatted and the five minutes quickly passed. Check in was super friendly and offered an upgrade, which I turned down. The reception was very cool and I thought this would continue to the rooms.I was allocated a smoking room on the 6th floor. The corridors on the way were not that inviting and the long walk gave you an impression of the vast size of the hotel, On walking in I was first overcome by the heat, then the smell. It was rank, a bad BO smell combined with a sewer (being very polite here). The &quot;Deluxe Double&quot; was tiny, furniture warn and the bed linen also looked a bit warn and grubby.I stayed about 10 seconds in the room and returned to reception for the upgrade. I was then given a king room in the executive building, which was a short walk from the entrance of the hotel. This cost an extra 30 pounds on top of the Deluxe room, but also gave a few extras such as 24 hours of internet or a movie or a late check out. Two couples in front of me in the queue were also upgrading rooms.This room was actually pretty good, It's a newer renovation in the executive building. It's also a lot quieter. The room wasn't huge but decent by London standards. A lot fresher feel. The bedding looked better and the bathroom was a little more stylish. The air con also worked well. there were some Elemis toiletries, a good UK spa brand plus lots of tea, coffee milk and some cookies.The design of the room was very stylish but a little unpractical, very little storage and everything a little awkward. I guess this is down to fitting a modern style into a traditional building. The lighting was cool with a back lit headboard, neon lights and quirky artwork. A fridge with free bottled water but no mini bar.The staff in the hotel were ultra polite and friendly and the cleaning was good. Toiletries we not refreshed during my stay. However.. there was evidence of a few cockroaches, which I saw on my last day. Forgivable for the age of the building but still unusual in London.The lift in this building had a mind of it's own, giving you a completely random journey every time. I think I spent more time in the lift than on the subway.I didn't eat in the hotel as I was out with friends each night. We had a few drinks in Carbon, the bar. Quite pricey.I've got to say for the price I paid, even with forking out for an upgrade it wasn't bad. I'm not sure I'd stay again, and wouldn't go for the Standard &quot;Deluxe&quot; room. I looked directly into some off the other rooms in the main building and saw quite a few rooms had fans in so there must be trouble with the aircon in the main building. Due to this people also left their blinds and windows open. This proved very entertaining but some sights will be etched in my memory for some time yet (shudder...) Please bare this in mind when you stay. Actually, I have stayed in worse hotels of this grade for a lot more money but the upgrade was worth it. I would have checked out of the hotel if another room choice wasn't available. The hotels own website describes the place a &quot;World Class&quot; hotel, really that's some claim and it's ranking on Tripadvisor is probably a little more honest.	
Jul 7 2008 	Like sleeping at an aiport but more comfortable	Some reviews looked good - pictures looked classy - good deal on Lastminute.com so we decided to book in for one night. Yes, the location is amazing - a short walk from Oxford Street, but as far as a hotel experience goes The Cumberland sucks. The hotel is massive, and suffers from being very impersonnel indeed. The lobby with its digital screens, installation art pieces and contempary feel looks good, but like the rest of the hotel looks are very decieving. With 6 people on the check in desk and 5 people in front of me in the queue I was supprised when it took 10 mins to check in. Checking out equally painful. The reception is full of people sitting around, huddled around piles of suitcases, sitting and waiting, or queuing at the check in desk - just like an airport. The room itself was okay - but rough around the edges, plasma tv, ironing board, good shower but stained carpets and not enough toilteries. The hotel does have bars and restaurants included - but based on how impersonal the reception experience was, we decided to spend our money elsewhere where we might actually get some personal service. The bed was comfy and for one night at only £99 it was decent - but staying here any longer would drive me mad. Grab a bargain or go elsewhere.	
Jul 6 2008 	Great Location Good Rooms and Facilities	I selp there for 3 nights and had a good experience. Perfect location, good price (around 160) and the staff is very helpful. My first room was above the club (Carbon) which was noisy so they switched me to an 8th floor room with view to Hyde park. Has a decent gym (small but gets the job done) and the rooms are big and decorated with taste. Would definitly go back there again.	
Jun 30 2008 	Decent enough	Having stayed in the Cumberland twice in eight days, I'd stay again. On my first visit there were a few issues, but they were efficiently dealt with.Check in: prompt and courteous but I had the impression that things were not always this easy, and this feeling was backed up when I came down having unpacked and there was a massive queue with only two people working behind the desk. However, it cannot be denied that the first impressions of the hotel are very exciting. The foyer is more like a modern art gallery than a hotel check in area - fantastic art installations, cool and exciting lighting systems and an air of cool, calm efficiency, but this belies the reality of the property, which is definately style above substance.The room: on the first visit I had to go back and ask for a different room as the aircon was not just out of action, but positively in reverse - the room was like a sauna. However, the guest relations manager moved me quickly to a much better, and much cooler room. A problem, solved. On my second visit, I was asked on check in whether I' like to upgrade to a park view room for £25 extra, inlcuding free internet - which at £20 per day, made this a good deal. I booked through the hotel website and at £110 this was a very good deal! The beds were great both times, the shower powerful, the room clean and the decor modern and impressive, but the impressive finishes are looking tired, even though it was renovated only 4 years ago.Overall: Well worth the money, exceptionally central, impressive design and good beds, but as the second largest hotel in the UK, they need to improve their service delivery. At busy times, the staff struggle to cope, and can be unwelcoming. This is a competent guest factory, but the style of the public areas and room decor are quickly undone by mediocre service and lack of attention to detail. Maybe this is why the Cumberland have so drastically cut their room rates.	
Jun 27 2008	All the cash went into the flash recpetion area	As you walk in to the stunning reception area, your level of expectation is high. However, frankly speaking, it kinda starts to decline once you get in the elevator. The long corridors are rather grim and tired looking, the rooms are small, the shower leaks water and the room is very poorly stocked (no mini-bar - what?!!). But, by your average London standards, this isn't too bad - trust me.	
Jun 26 2008 	great location	the cumberland is one of the best locations in london to stay.the tube and bus station is just half a min away. all the great shops like marks and spencers,mother care,etc are 2 mins away.breakifast was good and the best thing was the concierge service.always ready to help,book theatare ticks,explain how to reach destinations.just great.the bad thing was the bed,uncomfortable and just toooo small.	
Jun 24 2008 	Size isn't everything	Just spent a weekend at this large hotel, which got good reviews when it opened a few years back. First impression you get is of the foyer which is similar in size and looks to that of a railway station but you still have to queue to check in.The deal we got included breakfast and a complimentary bottle of wine however we only got the latter when checking out... despite being told twice it would be brought to our room on the first night.The room was of a decent size but basic with two 3/4 sized comfortable beds, a small wardrobe and an old-fashioned looking empty fridge. There was no bath but a large shower that was fine. However, the glass sink stood proud of the vanity unit that meant you were stood 3 feet away from the mirror when shaving. There were no robes or fancy toiletries, which are the norm these days. The towel rail was over the toilet bowl and there was an annoying green light at the side of the loo which lit up the room through the glass bathroom door during the night, and it could not be turned off. The bedroom did have a mounted flat screen TV but this wasn’t central and faced onto just one of the beds. The view out of the window was ugly and we were overlooked by other rooms, there was no privacy blind so you had to have the black blackout curtains drawn during the day of you didn’t want to be overlooked.We were on the sixth floor, which must have had nearly a hundred rooms, which were not well signed. With eight floors in the hotel, the small six elevators were in constant use this often meant a long wait. Breakfast was buffet style but again you had to queue to be seated and the service was very impersonal and you felt hurried with the queue of guests waiting.On the plus side the hotel is close to the tube station and Hyde park but there again so are many other nicer 4* hotels that actually offer a four star service.Overall the lack of service, ambience, staff and guests did not give this hotel a four star feel, for the same rate I would rather have stayed in the adjacent Marriott.	
Jun 23 2008 	Great Hotle for Business and Leisure	It is always difficult to find a good hotel in London under £200 and after staying in London monthly for work the Cumberland is one of my favourites. Price is around £170 per room which by London prices is good. The lobby is spacious and gives a great impression. The hotel has over 1000 rooms across 2 buildings, try and request to stay in the main part as the building as the rooms are bigger and its not as far with your luggage. Rooms are a good size and have comfortable interiors. There is a choice of over 3 bars and different restaurants which are all open late. Location is Pratically next door to tube station so great for sightseeing. I would recommend this hotel defintely for business travellers due to its facilities and to tourists who want easy access to the city and a grand hotel.	
Jun 22 2008 	Great Location and thats all	Booked a weekend here in May as my regular apartments were full. God what a mistake, check in is so slow, front desk are abrupt and speak poor english.rooms were horrid to say the least. Beds uncomfortable,food average.Stay here for location and if you cant get a cheeap last minute deal and thats all.	
Jun 20 2008 	Great Hotel Great Staff!	We stayed at The Cumberland for just one night and I was unsure after reading all the bad review on Trip Advisor but I was really happy with my choice when we arrived. Every member of staff we spoke to were friendly and helpful. The room itself was great. Compared to some hotels that I have stayed in in London it was positively huge and it was only a &quot;deluxe double&quot;. The bathroom was lovely and most importantly the room was spotless. We had breakfast which I was really pleased with and we had drinks in the bar which had a lovely atmosphere. It is like a different hotel than the one I have read some reviews for, and while i understand that people can have a different experience, if you are going to pick at (and take pictures of) plug sockets and shower heads perhaps you need to book in somewhere much more expensive that this!	
Jun 18 2008 	Great location!	Hotel was a reasonable price through Travelocity deal. But London is SUPER EXPENSIVE!!!! Here is low down on the hotel:Room size - fairly big considering its europe and london. We got the king room. Big screen TV - poor channel choices. There is a coffee/tea maker with very nice selection of teas and coffee provided. There is a small but nice iron/ironing board. There is a very nice powerful hairdryer (for the ladies!).Bathrooms - nice, clean. Small shower and water could spill out. Not much counter space to keep your toiletries. Nice toiletries provided - lotion, soap, bath gel, shampoo, NO HAIR CONDITIONER. Room service is avaible til very late hours (maybe even 24 hours) - and food is good. But the price for everything is SO HIGH! Let's put it this way, I spent $16 american dollars on one liter of bottled water!!!! Better to eat out.The hotel lobby is impressive - very modern and classy. Kind of reminds me of the W hotel style. There are some nice bars/lounge/clubs. Seems to be pretty happening place on Friday and Saturday nights. There is a line to get in to the clubs and fee to get in unless you are a guest of the hotel in which case its free.There is casino across the street from the hotel and some nice choices in restaurants. There is one indian/french fusion restaurant one block away - La Porte des Indes- upscale and excellent food! The location is excellent - literally right across the street from Marble Arch. You can get the double decker bus tour stop right there. Very close to the subway system. Everything is within walking distance. Oh, also there is a convenient store across the street too. Good for snacks, bottled water, internet access. Also concierge can help you book any tour - double decker bus tours, Stonehenge, Bath, Windsor, Stratford Upon Avon, Oxford - you name it. The best part is that most tours pick you up at this hotel. You do not have to travel anywhere to catch the tour buses.	
Jun 7 2008 	Fantastic hotel in great location	I have stopped at The Cumberland Hotel twice now both times whilst on business. It's an excellent hotel and its location cannot be faulted. The lobby is very imodern and mpressive and the staff are extremely helpful and courteous. There can be quite a lon queue for check out if you are checking out first thing so if you are in a rush make sure you leave plenty of time or alternatively use the express checkout. The rooms are modern with a huge bed and LCD TV. The bathroom is also very modern and the shower is hot and powerful. Not sure if other rooms have baths but mine didn't and a luxurious bath would have been a nice touch. I have not eaten at the hotel but the restaurant is a Gary Rhodes and the menu looks tasty if a little on the expensive side. If you like modern hotels then The Cumberland is a great hotel and I'd highly recommend it. If you're looking for something traditional then it's probably not for you.	
Jun 3 2008 	Really nice hotel	We stayed in this hotel for three nights. Found it very reasonably priced considering how expensive other hotels in London are. Location was very central. Around the corner from Marble Arch tube station and just off Oxford Street. We got a free upgrade to a room in the executive building which is located a few metres away from then main hotel entrance. The room was medium sized. Nice plasma t.v. and very comfy bed. We had a bath but we found the water pressure very poor. The shower was also quite difficult to use. The room was cleaned every day. We also had plenty of towels. The staff were fine. No major complaints. The concierge was very friendly. We didn't get breakfast in the hotel but there is a really nice bakery across the road. There are also plenty of convenience stores close to the hotel. We visited the hotel bar which was really modern but very empty the night we went. No atmosphere there really. This hotel suited our requirements for this trip. We would probably stay here again.	
Jun 1 2008	Is it a hotel is it a gallery?	The Cumberland is a break from Travel Lodge, Travel Inn, Travel Tavern monotony for anyone staying away from home with their job. Not the most homely place in the world due to the art gallery lobby area and harshly lit corridors BUT the beds are extremely comfy, rooms are spotlessly clean and well sound proofed from city noise and service is ok.Breakfast offers good choice but again, a homely feel is replaced by a refectory style dining that encourages you to eat up and ship out.I didn't mind it at all having experienced what other hotels have to offer in London.p.s. The creaking noise in the room when you turn off the lights to go to sleep is the lights cooling down. It stops after a few minutes so don't fret.	
May 29 2008	Great Hotel definatly return	very nice classy hotelwell mannered polite staff offered upgrade from double to king upon arrival for 30 a night and well worthit as rooms are quite smallwell decorated new age modern roomsclose to all local amenatiesgreat locationexpensive but you get what you pay foramazing foyer in main hotelking delux executive suites in a different hotel next door but by same company , saves you being with all the adverage jo'svery nice over all staydefinatly go again when in london	
May 29 2008 	Don't be put off by reviews	I nearly didn't stay at this hotel because of some of the TripAdvisor reviews but I am so glad I did. Because of all the comments about rooms being so small, we booked an Executive Double which was just as well as the room was small!! The bedroom was very nice though although I would not have liked smaller. The bathroom was another matter. Whoever decided to install green glass doors should be banned from designing anything ever again. Aside from the lack of privacy (well it is sort of frosted), the bathroom has a night light that makes the bedroom glows green at night as it can't be switched off. I used to throw a towel over it, partly because I coudn't reach the towel rail!! The bedroom has an iron and ironing board which is a nice touch.The location is superb, right next to Marble Arch tube station and all the shops on the doorstep. The reception and bar staff were excellent but we didn't think too much of the concierge service. Even though we asked, they did not tell us that behind Selfridges there are streets filled with restaurants and bars and a great nightlife.I would definitely book there again because of the location and would make sure I get the right room. Nothing smaller than an executive double (unless you don't mind sleeping in a cupboard) and a bathroom with a wooden door. Our friends stayed in one, so I know they do have them.	
May 28 2008 	Excellent stay	Stayed at The Cumberland on 23rd and 24th May to attend Chelsea Flower Show. After initial hiccup with being allocated a king size bed and spare bed in room rather than twin bedded room - this was sorted and room clean and adequate - very comfy beds. Breakfast was excellent and staff very courteous. Will certainly stay again	
May 26 2008 	Great Location	Just got back from wedding anniversary celebrations in London. Stayed one night at the Cumberland, which we found to be a great hotel. Speedy check in, free room upgrade and it cost less than the Premier Travel Inn! Great location just around the corner from Marble Arch tube and Oxford Street right on your doorstep. Rooms are a littlle on the small side, however they have all been recently re furbished and have a 32&quot; plasma TV and fridge ( we stayed in room 3009 which has a great view of Marble Arch ). There is a Pret A Manger next door and two food and wine shops across the road ,so you don't have to pay hotel food and drinks prices if you dont want to! The hotel has a bar, Rhodes SW1 for food and Carbon nightclub ( free admission if your a hotel resident !) We dined at Gordon Ramsay's &quot;Maze&quot; on Grovsenor square which was out of this world! We also found a great spot for lunch and breakfast calledTruc Vert on North Audley Street ( really nice French Bistro, very popular with the locals ) Enjoy!	
May 24 2008 	Pleasantly surprised after reading reviews	After reading all of the reviews on this board, I was terrified to stay at this hotel. My husband and I booked a week long stay at this hotel while on vacation in London. Check-in was a breeze. The only &quot;problem&quot; we encountered was the air conditioner in our room was broken, however, we were promptly given a free upgrade to a room with a view of Hyde Park and the sincere apologies of the staff. Breakfast was great-homemade pancakes, omelletes, fresh fruit, toast, sausage, bacon, and an array of juices--I just don't see what everyone is complaining about!!!! We never had to wait in-line for a table (we generally went to breakfast around 8:00 A.M) We were given coffee with no problem as well!!! The entire staff was kind and extremely helpful. I would stay at this hotel again!!!	
May 23 2008 	Good For What It Is	My wife and I stayed Saturday night for her birthday. We were enjoying a lovely lunch at Scotts and a show at the O2. We know London as we live in Hertfordshire. It is a large hotel the rooms are ok. Trendy'ish, we ordered the larger double. It was clean, adequate, though not big, good shower but frankly we did not get back until 1am. The breakfast had a large queue as mentioned by other users but we went immediately to the other breakfast area in the Gary Rhodes restaurant. Concierge got me a discount on parking close by. The staff were helpful, concierge got me info on the river bus to get to the O2 and generally it was a good stay. For London it is an above average hotel in a great location. Easy to walk.	
May 21 2008 	Very disappointing....	Firstly let me say that I am usually a budget traveller so I don't have hugely high expectations - however when paying above the odds for a hotel I do expect some sense of &quot;luxury&quot;.I stayed in the Cumberland for business for 3 nights midweek, staying in a &quot;Deluxe&quot; room. The room was small, dark (facing a wall and some air-conditioning units), the carpet and ceiling was very stained, and the bathroom, while perfectly functional, was small, and musty-smelling. There was a large plasma tv, iron, hairdryer, tea and coffee etc. However the coffee was a large sachet for a cafetiere - but there was no cafetiere in the room?! Also only herbal teabags were provided - camomile or green tea. Breakfast didn't impress me either (considering the price). I queued for a few minutes each day to be seated (I generally had breakfast before 7.30). Once seated, there was cereal, a small selection of fruit (mainly dried), bread and pastries, fry-up, and a kitchen which promised pancakes and omelettes made on the spot - however in the 3 mornings I was there this was never manned. This was a bit disappointing as a fresh pancake would have been a nice treat! The toast was cold, and I only managed to get a single cup of weak tea on two of the mornings from the wandering tea/coffee-bearers.Paying £190 per night bed and breakfast I expected more. Location-wise the hotel was great, and the room was quiet, the bed comfortable etc. However I wouldn't stay here again - there are better hotels and MUCH better value out there.	
May 18 2008 	Improptu London Stay. Not bad averall!	Went to London on a day's business, but at 4.00pm realised I'd have to stay overnight. Managed to find a room in the Cumberland very much at the last minute (I knew I had a blackberry for a reason!!).Reception staff very friendly. I checked in at 7.00pm without any problems. Very central location. Ideal access to Oxford Street (literally around the conrer). I was able to go out and buy some essentials for my impromptu overnight stay and find somewhere to eat without any diffculites and without having to go too far.I had a standard double room on the 4th floor, which if i'm honest was on the small side. However, for my purpose it didn't really matter. If I was staying in London with my wife or for more than one night, the small room may have been an issue. The bed was against the wall! I had a view over an inner courtyard containing air conditioning units; but again, for this stay it wasn't an issue.Despite the size, the room was clean, modern and comfortable. I had a good night's sleep and checked out by 8.00am. The express checkout was ideal as I simply handed my card and envelope to one of the guest relations staff and received my receipt 4 days later.This is a busy hotel, but if you want central you can't beat this for location.I paid £163 for the night, which I was reasonably pleased with bearing in mind I booked it the same day as my stay. I probably would stay here again, but next time I'd request a different room; probably on a higher floor.	
May 17 2008 	not all that great	requested roomtype wasn't available, carpet and chairs stained badly, view (if you can call it that way) on filthy brick walls 6 feet away, modern shower that floods the bathroom and still doesn't wet your body, small sink, breakfast in army style cafetaria but of ok quality, good location if you like Oxford Street, bedlinnen not changed in 3 days, just 2 towels, soap not changed or added in 3 days, desk electricity didn't work, great lobby and lobby artworkthere are far better, more comfortable and designed hotels in London than the Cumberland	
May 14 2008 	Wonderful wonderful hotel	We stayed in this wonderful hotel for 5 days after 4 weeks travelling around France. We were upgraded into a fabulously large room with a very very comfortable bed and the best shower i have ever used. The decor and facilities were great right down to the coffee plunger in our room. Checking in and out was a breeze (unlike many of our experiences in France) and all the staff were efficient, helpful and pleasent. We picked the hotel as it looked interesting and was in the perfect location, we were not in the slightest disappointed and are looking forward to staying there again.	
May 13 2008 	Fantastic Location	My wife and I stayed at the Cumberland to celebrate her birthday. We had booked a deluxe room with park view and requested a high floor as per TripAdvisor advice. We arrived at 2:30 on Friday and were able to check-in straight away and were assigned a room as requested. Our view was more of Park Lane than of Hyde Park but as we weren't going to be sat looking out of the window this wasn't a problem.Our room was nice but nothing special. The plasma TV was missing from it's wall bracket and had been replaced with a very large flat screen TV balanced on a cabinet. The TV worked fine but took up a lot of space in what was not a particularly large room. There were lots of light switches which, when finally mastered, allowed numerous variations on a theme. The reading lights, however, were more like floodlights and would have been out of place at Wembley!The bathroom was also very nice. No bath but a fantastic double size shower. The shower can't be turned on with the door open without flooding the bathroom (I know because I did) so stand in the corner under the shower head until the water warms up.Our room rate included breakfast so we made full use of the excellent offer in the Market. We ate soon after 8:00 on both mornings which was busy but we did not need to queue for any length of time. There was quite a queue building up, however, when we came out (the trick here is obviously to eat early!) The selection and quality of the food was excellent and well worth paying the bed and breakfast rate for.The Cumberland is in an excellent position. Right next door to Marble Arch underground station and the shops on Oxford Street just minutes away. With Hyde Park just across the road we were able to have a walk around the Serpentine before checking out on Sunday morning.We found the Cumberland to be a very nice hotel but expensive if just measured on the bedrooms alone. The art in the foyer and central location gives it the wow factor which I guess you're paying for. Definitely worth considering for a trip to London.	
May 12 2008 	Excellent Hotel	My husband and I spent two nights at the cumberland hotel as a mini-honeymoon in May 08. On reading the reviews prior to our stay we were a little concerned as to what we would find, however, we had no reason to be concerned. The staff were so helpful, the room was a bit on the small side but decorated beautifully and was very clean and the bathroom was extremely stylish. The concierge gave us a map and recommended places to eat. At breakfast there was no waiting and the individual booths meant that there were no queues. When we checked out at 11.00am we were worried that we would have to carry our luggage around London as our train did not leave until 17.00pm, but the concierge was more than helpful and let us leave our luggage for the rest of the day until we were ready to collect it. To summarise we were apprehensive due to the reviews we had seen but would definitely return again.	
May 10 2008 	excellent hotel	A great location close to the heart of london close to a tube station, an arty type hotel with strange lighting and weird statues in the foyer .the staff were helpful.the room a superior deluxe was excellent,tastefully decorated ansd a nice size.the food was excellent ,well we only had the breakfast and it was superb.i would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the capital.	
May 8 2008 	Good value for money and great location	This hotel underwent a facelift a couple of years ago which completely transformed the foyer. Very high-tech, modern, extremely busy and rather corporate, but I was greeted as soon as I left the taxi and was shown to the reception desk to check in. The receptionist was extremely courteous and gave me a room upgrade which I thought was a great start to my stay.The room itself was spacious and gave me everything I would need for a one night stay - apart from the bathroom where there wasn't a shower cap :-( Plenty of towels though and nice Elemis toiletries.The location of the hotel is excellent - right on Marble Arch (but not noisy) and really close to Hyde Park. Great if you want to do a spot of shopping on Oxford Street, too.All in all, very convenient, good value and very courteous service.	
Apr 29 2008 	A little disappointing	My husband and I stayed at the Cumberland at the end of March. It was to celebrate a special occasion and sadly this Hotel did not live up to its rating. As other reviewers have written, it definately has the wow factor when you walk in. The reception staff were very quick to persuade us to upgrade and I really would not have liked to see a normal room. For London standards however, it was spacious and unlike other reviewers, we had no problems in the bathroom. The problems we had , was with the hairdryer and iron - neither of which worked. When a replacement hairdryer arrived, that too was not working!!The main problem for us however was trying to get breakfast! On both mornings, we attempted to have breakfast in the hotel. When we got to the restaurant however, people were queing up outside the door and on the second day as far back as to the stairs!!When we checked out, we mentioned this to the reception staff. Their reply was that the hotel was busy! When I commented that did they think that this was appropriate for a 4 star hotel, I was met with a shrug of the shoulders!!The hotel is in a great location but I have to admit that we got 100% better service when we stayed at a Premier Travel Inn at County Hall last year.	
Apr 28 2008 	Impressive in parts - mediocre in others	Stayed here for one night on a business trip.Large hotel with very modern and impressive reception area. Whilst the staff were polite, the hotel does not feel very welcoming.Room was very modern and by past experiences of London hotels reasonably large. Modern in decor, but I did find the glass door to the bathroom a trifle odd. The room was clean and fresh.The only meal I had was a breakfast. Vast buffet selection, but the food was not the hottest I've ever tasted. A moderately surly waitress had to be asked to provide the coffee.	
Apr 28 2008 	Good on the outside	We decided to take my mother and a friend as a treat to London for the weekend so we booked two rooms at the Cumberland from Friday till Sunday. Arrived on the Friday at 2pm very impressed with the first appearence of the lobby but only one room was ready so we had to wait till 6pm for the other room so making us late for the show we had pre booked in the west end. Upon complaining we were promised a bottle of wine which never appeared. Both the rooms had badley stained carpet and one smelt of smoke. My 70 year old mother was awoken at 4.40am by someone insisting that she had ordered room service. When you approuch the staff to complain or ask for help they all say the same thing &quot; we are new here and we are not sure&quot;. As with most London Hotels it can be expensive and we don't mind paying if the service is good. The only good point is the location very central.	
Apr 25 2008	Experiences at the Cumberland Hotel	The Cumberland Hotel is a nifty place to stay at if you're planning on staying in the middle of London, where all the action is. There are many good things about the hotel.The Cumberland Hotel is pleasant but expensive. If you plan on using a travel agent to get you a package deal, you're better off booking your accommodations online. Also, some of the shower systems are a little tricky, such as some showers have a turn handle to put on the water, resulting in a really cold shower before the hot water kicks in. If you plan on taking children with you, make sure you book correctly online. other than that, services aren't bad and everyone who works in the hotel are very friendly.	
Apr 23 2008 	A very mixed bag...	I stayed at The Cumberland for 4 nights in April-08 as part of a holiday in Europe. The Cumberland makes an immediate impression with a wow-factor lobby: a very modern and spacious area with some great lighting effects and sculptures. First impressions are always important when you arrive at a hotel and the Cumberland really delivers in this regard. The person I dealt with during check was very professional friendly and helpful (although as below the staff are somewhat of a mixed bag in terms of the service they offer). After such an impressive introduction however things kind of went south from this point onwards. The hotel has a really poor lift system that always results in you waiting for a lift to arrive which given that there are six lifts in operation was confusing. The last thing you want after a long trip is to waiting in the foyer 4 or 5 mins for a lift to arrive but this was often the case during my stay. When I arrived on my floor the amazing feel of the lobby gave way to a fairly tired and drab feeling and the corridors feel more like a 80’s 2-star hotel. My room was (as expected) quite small however the overall feel was a lot more cramped due to a poor design and layout of furniture. In particular a few points were quite irritating: there was an incredibly small wardrobe space to hang clothes and no space at all to place your suitcase which meant that you are kind of required to just leave it sitting in the only available space you can find. Similarly, in the bathroom a large clear glass sink was a nice feature however it was way too large for the size of the bathroom and only resulted in making the space feel cramped. Like a lot of the reviewers on this site I also had problems with the shower door resulting in a pool of water on the bathroom floor- while the shower system itself sucks as turning on the shower requires you to be drenched in cold water before the warm water controls can be accessed. On the up side, the bed was very comfortable and the advertised Egyptian cotton sheets were great. The room has a flat screen TV which was nice but at times the overall feel of the room was like a little like it had been decorated from an Ikea catalogue. I stayed in the hotel a 2nd time as I was transiting back through London on my way home and had a room with a slightly better layout on this occasion so it appears that the process of getting a ‘good’ room could be a bit of a lucky dip… Breakfast was an ok experience. There is plenty of choice and variety however at times I found most of the food to be pretty bland and tasteless. The restaurant space however is large and airy although it does have a slight school canteen feel about it. I can also echo previous comments that the layout of the food area is confusing with toast at one end, cereal at the other, and the hot food spread out in a confusing manner: all of this means you need to do some shuffling around to pull your breakfast together. If breakfast isn’t included in your room price I would give it a miss. The hotel is well located up near Marble Arch, bordering Hyde Park and Oxford st. It’s about a 15-min walk to Buckingham Palace, and about 20 min walk to Harrods. Hyde Park is over the road and is great to have access to in the morning if you are after some exercise of a morning walk. Convenience stores, a Pret-a-Manger etc are all available in the area surrounding the hotel. You are certainly in the central area of London however I would indicate that some walking is involved to get to areas like Trafalgar Square or Picadilly circus. A subway station however is next door to the hotel however so access to transport etc was excellent. I found dealing with the staff to be a mixed experience. The hotel has chosen to go with a very young workforce who reflect its hip image. In some cases the people you deal with are friendly and helpful while in other cases you are met with indifference and a bit of an attitude. The front desk also often comes across as a little chaotic and on several mornings I saw long queue’s of people waiting to be served. I often seemed to be dealing with someone who was new and who needed to talk to a manager about their computer system and/or what to do. The whole service experience was quite erratic and a key area of improvement for the Cumberland.As a place to drop your bags, head out and experience London the Cumberland is great. If you need to spend a bit more time in your room and relax, or are looking to use the hotel facilities more extensively then the Cumberland falls short. I read through the reviews to this hotel when I got back and its clear that my experiences weren’t that unusual and I can echo many of the sentiments expressed by previous reviewers. If the quality of the lobby extended to the rooms and the service of the staff then the Cumberland would be a must-do destination- however it seems that a lot of the hotel’s budget goes into impressing you when you walk in the door and not much into the rooms and staff training. The location is a bonus but overall I wouldn’t exactly give it a glowing recommendation…	
Apr 23 2008 	Very Disappointed With a Grubby Room	Extremely disappointed with this so called 4 star hotel and would neither recomend it or stay there again. I made the mistake of saying I had booked through lastminute.com which seemed to offend the receptionist. Amazingly she couldnt find our reservation and in the end check in took around 15 minutes which made us late for the West End show we had booked for that night. The decor in the corridor and particularly the doors make the place look like a rennovated hospital or school - not nice. Room was plain with shoddy decorating. Cracked and missing tiles in bathroom, shower fiting was coming away from wall and 3 seperate lights in the room didnt work due to failed bulbs. Walls were full of dirty marks as was the partially wooden floor. Ive stayed in smarter Travelodges than this and for a lot less money. This is after a suposed refurbishment. Price we paid didnt even include breakfast which made the room even more disappointing.The only redeeming feature of this hotel is its location to shops near Marble Arch.	
Apr 21 2008 	Strange place	The Cumberland was a very strange ultra modern hotel. The front desk staff were rude and snobby. Our room was not ready when we arrived, so we waited for over 5 hours to find out that they didn't have the queen or king size bedroom available that we reserved. So we were forced to take a room with 2 single beds, which we were not happy about. The beds were uncomfortable, we had a brick wall view, and the A/C barely worked. My husband and I were very underwhelmed with our stay here and wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Ever. Plus, there aren't any good restaurants within walking distance.	
Apr 15 2008 	Nice Hotel	The Cumberland is a very modern, chic hotel that is very inexpensive for London standards. We stayed in a Deluxe King Room. The bed was pretty comfy and the bathroom was nice. The shower was very modern and the glass shower door would not close properly, but it was not a major concern. Our only complaint would be the heating system. It was very cold and even though we had the heater on all day and night, we were never really warm enough. It also really dried our eyes and skin..so bring eye drops and lots of lotion.The bar and restaurant downstairs were very expensive, but that is pretty much expected in London. Drinks were about $18 US, but we didn't mind since it was so convenient. The location is excellent! It's located right off of Oxford Street, which houses great shops like Sefridges. It's also very close to the Marble Arch Tube Station, which is so great if you want to travel around the city.	
Apr 14 2008 	Only alright	We arrived at the hotel at 11.30am, which we knew was a little early for check in but thought we may be lucky. No such luck, we left our bags and were told to return at 2pm. On our return the lady at reception told us our 2 rooms were not ready, excuse being there are a lot of rooms to clean and we cant bug the cleaners all the time. This was simply not good enough as we have altered plans and had a show to get to at 3pm. After much humming and haing we were told to wait ten more minutes and then ask again, we did, this time we got one room and had to get the other room after 4pm. The queues were long and slow, staff not really that helpful and there was a sense of chaos at all times.Rooms were nice when we eventually got sorted but smaller than expected.Bed was very comfy.Great location for Oxford Street.Have stayed in many hotels over the years and was disappointed with this one and would not choose to stay here again.	
Apr 13 2008 	Modern Excellence!	We have just returned from 2 nights at The Cumberland, being hoteliers ourselves often find fault with hotels we stay in, staying at the Cumberland wasd the exception. The hotel staff were friendly and efficient from check in to room service to brasserie. Housekeeping is excellent throughout and the Carbon Bar is a must - it has the best looking bar man in London!The only things that would enhance the stay would be mineral water in the bedrooms and in order for the hotel to remain in good shape - those little snags on the woodwork and scuffs on the walls need some attention!!All in all a fabulous stay with the best breakfast I've enjoyed for some time, we shall return!	
Apr 7 2008 	Not good enough for the price	This is meant to be a top quality hotel. I have stayed here before and had a large, spacious room with a great view. However, on this ocassion, the room was tiny - very difficult for two people to move around at once. The double bed was against the wall, so if one person wakes earlier, then they have to climb over the other person. The room had a strange smell as well as a very public pubic hair on the bathroom floor. This isnt two star in Greece, this is suppose to be a grand and well respected hotel. Check in was slow, but staff were pleasant. Bar staff not too pleasant and at times rather rude. Not the enjoyable experience I had previously, but a good location on Oxford street and near to the tube station.	
Apr 2 2008 	A cut above but not as impressive as anticipated	Having seen pictures of The Cumberland and read desrciptions on its website, I was incredibly excited about staying in such a plush, 4* hotel in the heart of London. I found the experience didn't quite live up to the hype, as is always the way, but nonetheless I had a very enjoyable one night stay in an extremely comfortable bed. The Egyptian cotton sheets felt very luxurious and the teal colour theme was both modern and easy on the eye. However the plasma TV looked less impressive than in the pictures and our deluxe double room was actually far smaller than it had appeared in images - this was the first thing I thought upon walking in the room. Disappointingly, the mini bar wasn't stocked (although this was probably a blessing considering the naturally steep prices) and the view from the hotel was of a non-descript grey building. We were offerred an upgrade that would provide a view over Hyde Park but at an extra cost of £35 - we didn't bother considering it isn't a cheap stay in the first place. The bathroom door also didn't lock which was at odds with the relative opulance of the suite although the shower and Elemis products offered were great. I felt one of the hotel's key strengths was the breakfast served in its dining room The Market, which was included in the price of our stay. There was a wide choice of food, we didn't have to wait long to be seated, the hospitality staff were very attentive and the food was delicious. I really felt the benefit of staying in a more upmarket hotel when I was enjoying the high quality of the fry-up offered (no greasy bangers and fatty bacon here). Checking out at midday was a nice treat as well - those luxurious sheets made it hard to get out of bed. Overall, we had a very enjoyable stay and were impressed by the plush lobby area and general serenity of the hotel. The location (literally two minutes from the Marble Arch underground) was also ideal. One point worth knowing is you are charged a pre-pay amount upon checking in to cover 'incidentals' such as phone calls and the mini bar but this is not taken out of the account unless you run up a bill. The staff didn't explain this clearly at first which caused some panic as £50 was added onto the anticipated cost and we had to ask around before we realised we would be getting this money back effectively.	
Apr 1 2008 	Outstanding Location But What Language Do The Staff Speak	Stayed here for seven nights and just like a previous reviewer I too went through the upselling bit when they tried to sell me this or that. The price I got was decent and that was backed by the locational advantage that can't be diluted. There is a complete absence of housekeeping and on more than one occasion towels used and left on the floor remained there, empty shopping bags discarded by me were not taken away, TV remote disappeared thrice and the concierge had to get it back which took over 1 hour. The worst was they took away the soap everyday and didn't replace it. I couldn't have cared to call housekeeping but just went to one of the housekeeping trolleys and pulled a soap out.I called one day to ask for a towel and the lady at housekeeping (don't know from which country she was) told me if I had cut my hand and wanted Ice I had to call somewhere else. I then had to explain to her that I had not cut my hand but only needed to have a bath which meant I needed a towel which wasn't put by housekeeping. They also provided me with a 730 wake up call which I hadn't asked for.The breakfast well its the ideal example of the attitude. You go to a hall in the basement called a restaurant and wait in a line for 10 minutes at least. The breakfast did not change through the stay but the lines were irritating others big time. A nice hotel and it was clean and very comfy which was important. The line at break, the housekeeping, the want to upsell give it negatives. Also I had to wait 45 minutes for a trolley to come to take my luggage. Finally, I wheeled all three pieces myself and the porter met me at the lift and realised my displeasure and told me quite bluntly that it is very busy downstairs to which I educated him that hotels which are not only bigger but far superior to his don't make people wait.Another problem I found was lack of a restaurant in the hotel. Okay they have two - Rhodes Brasserie which is overpriced brit food and that rhodes chap has somehow earned a michelin star and opened another restaurant onsite which serves a three course dinner at some crazy price. Got a sandwich from accross the road finally cause even the room service is like bad price.	
Mar 31 2008	if you are going to read any reviews read this one!	our stay at the cumberland began on march 29 2008 we stayed for only 1 night but would 100% stay there again. We arrived around about 12.30 thankfully our room was ready and we were allowed to go up which was excellent because checkin time is at 2 so this put a very good start to our visit. When i first looked on the internet at the reviews i was so worried about what we had booked but thankfully there was absolutely nothing to worry about. The hotel was clean tidy and spacious our room was certainly not small it had a great feel and was very modern. We found the staff to be very helpful and attentive and they were always polite.The breakfast was excellent and we booked a meal in the Gary Rhodes restaurant it was a bit pricey but the food was lovely and again the staff very polite and helpful. The hotel is ideally located for all of London but is also quiet in the evening so you can sleep peacefully the only complaint we would have is the pillows are super soft and not very comfortable. The concierge was very nice always getting us taxi's and wishing us a nice stay. Overall we had a excellent time and are booking to go back so don't be put off by other reviews as i was go and experience the hotel for yourself and go with a open mind.	
Mar 24 2008 	Could this pretentious over-priced youth hostel be much worse?	The price per night of our stay here was over $200 and the property was given a 4 star rating in Expedia, so I expected (given those two factors alone and the great location) a relatively comfortable stay. The Cumberland is all about two things: First, its the old circa 1999 dot com phenomenum &quot;we're so cool and hip we don't have to be nice, polite or professional&quot;. Second, there is no opportunity for an up-sell that goes unexploited. While the room was basic and inoffensive, my primary complaints reside with the incredibly awful staff. Virtually EVERYONE working here is a Trainee from a non-English speaking country and their sense of service matches their abiltiy to communicate effectively in basic English - next to nil. Don't mean to sound prejudiced here, but this is the UK and one of its purported benefits for a touist is not needing to know a foreign language. The Cumberland appears to be a haven for future Pensione desk clerks from the Baltics. The most infuriating aspect of my stay was the check in experience during which &quot;Sylvia&quot; repeatedly drew attention to my Expedia booking as somehow a justification for putting me in a dark and uncomfortable room. Her mannerisms were pure hatefulness over the fact that we booked, intelligently, through an on-line resource. She kept saying &quot;for the rate you're paying I can't offer you this or that&quot;. It was humiliating and frustrating, esp when this act was followed with a passionate marketing effort to get me to pay more than the $200 already paid via Expedia for a &quot;nicer&quot; room with free internet. She scared us into believing that the up-sell was necessary if we were going to get any sleep or peace of mind. I later regreted it and wonder if she is commissioned on the up-selling she does.Overall I would not recommend this hotel until it invests in some decent training of its staff and can actually cease all the ridiculous efforts towards incremental revenue generation. Offer something free of charge as a nice surprise. As it is, their internet charges are over $30 per day. As for physical comfort I would give it a thumbs up - the room was clean and quiet. But all the other BS related to our stay made me really hate the place after day one.In sum: The hotel is a badly run Faulty Towers which is perfect for large group travel (high school students) - which appears to be its bread and butter. Do not stay here if you are at all picky about service, manners or the ability to carry on a conversation with anyone who works at the hotel.	
Mar 20 2008 	Chic Cumberland	Very impressive foyer to the hotel - efficient staff. Very pleasent room - great plasma television and lovely bathroom. Superb location for transport, shops and places to eat. Restaurant in hotel looked great although a little pricey overall.Only downside being the hidden costs - we were late checking out and the charge was £20/additional hour! Surprisingly enough this is not mentioned in the guestbook in room!!	
Mar 14 2008 	Great location lousy housekeeping	The hotel has a fabulous location at the Marble Arch end of Hyde Park, very conveniently located by the March Arch tube stop. The breakfast buffet is wonderful. I had a &quot;deluxe&quot; room which was still rather small, but did have a view of Hyde Park. If you ask for a park view make sure it is on an upper floor, otherwise you'll be viewing only the souvenir across the street. Nice fitness room on the lobby level -- ask the concierge for the card.But by far the biggest problem is the housekeeping -- at best inconsistent, at worst, terrible. I was there 11 nights and often the bathroom was left uncleaned, the floor unvacuumed and trash and dirty glasses were left unattended.	
Mar 11 2008 	Great location	This hotel is in a fantastic location and looks amazing from the outside. The lobby is very modern and completely different to what you expect. The hotel has been refurbished to a very high standard and have everything you would expect at a 4star hotel. The room I had was a double, but single occupancy (as I was away for business), and the double bed was pushed against the wall. The room was a little small, but perfectly fine for just me. The bathroom is a good size, but no bath only a shower. The breakfast was one of the best I've ever had in a hotel and there was so much choice you had to have seconds, including fresh pancakes, bagels, fruit, cereals, full English, hot porridge and so much more. Overall the stay was very good and will be staying here again given the opportunity.	
Mar 9 2008	we had a decent stay at the cumberland	This was our second stay at the Cumberland. This time we left the kids at home. The lobby is very impressive and creats a good impression. we stayed in a king size delux room with hyde park view. The only downside to the room is the lack of storage space if you are staying more than a couple of nights. last time we had a family room which was allot bigger with two double beds but the same storage as a king size delux room. our room did not have a LCD tv this time but I assume it was away for repair. Other than that the room is nice enough. At the end of the day though its nothing flash but is modern and very clean.  The breakfast is very nice and something to look forward to. We did not eat any other meals in the hotel or order room service so I can't comment on them.	
Mar 7 2008 	What a disappointment	We'd been to the bar of this hotel on a couple of occasions - and cannot fault it. Great cocktails, great service. But don't be fooled. Our stay was utterly disappointing - apathetic staff on the front desk, a room with no window, a bed against the wall, a rusty and tired bathroom and faulty air conditioning. I cannot think of a single positive thing to say about the room! Go for a drink - but find somewhere else to sleep!!	
Feb 26 2008	Nice but there's better about	Lovely attitude from staff. Room quite small, but requested a view over Park Lane and the park which was honoured so would rather the smaller corner room and the view. Wonderful powerful shower and good selection of Molton Brown goodies.I stayed on a Saturday night, and within a comfortable walking distance of many Mayfair restaurants (would recommend Langhans Brasserie to anyone coming up - the other end of Park Lane) making getting back easy.However, didn't have quite the polished look of some other hotels if I was a business customer. All in all, would recommend it, but only on a special deal or on the company as better hotels for £200 a night.	
Feb 26 2008 	Mixed review	We booked on lastminute for a double room for £140, room only. When we got there the Hotel looked very modern with quite a lively atmosphere if slightly like a tidy carpark. I was very disappointed by the room itself as, while it had all the promised extras like the big flat screen tv and the contemporary bathroom, it was very pokey with the bed squeezed in against a wall and hardly any room to move. I rang reception and asked for an upgrade which cost another £30. This room was much more what I expected - nothing fancy but you could walk around both sides of the bed and felt more spacious. I got the feeling that upgrade requests happen a lot which was disappointing.	
Feb 23 2008 	It was alright.	I stayed at The Cumberland for business. The first impression was very good as the hotel lobby reflected a modern and artistic design. The room however was just alright. It was fairly small and cosy, but adequate for 1 person. The bed and pillows were comfortable. The bathroom had a double tray enclosed shower but no bathtub. Only criticisms are the poor view from the room (facing a block of wall) and the location of the room which was opposite the staff lift, so every time someone comes up / down to the floor, there was a loud sound indicating the lift has arrived.	
Feb 23 2008 	Not satisfactory	Arrived at reception and was told my room was in the building down the road. Had to drag my baggage there myself. Room 604 was nice however carpet was a little stained. Bathroom a nightmare. Shower door did not shut properly so everytime I took a shower it flooded the entire bathroom. Reported to housekeeping they only provided more towels so I could mop the flood up, they did not really understand what the actual problem was. Inside shower the corners were very dirty. Just needed a quick scrub with a brush. Nasty lumps of scum washed off the wall and collected around my feet as the shower did not drain properly either. Food at breakfast nice and fresh. My complaint is that when I left my table for 2 mins to get a banana they cleared my table, then my coat, took my coat away and seated someone else there. They did return my coat to me however I then had to share my table with the new persons that did not understand why I was there! I thought it was obveous that when you leave your personal bellongings at the table for a minute that you intend to return!Mini bar in room was empty. Could not check out on the TV. My experience was much less than satisfactory. I have stayed in a lot of hotels and this one is not good enough.	
Feb 19 2008	Loved this hotel	My patner and i are in our 20's. we arrived at the hotel and were in awe about the wow factor' lobby. It was stunning and we were anxious to get to our rooms. We were told to come back in 2 hours as our room was not ready. We were told to leave our bags in the concierge. We returned and were delighted with our room. We didnt have a great view but we were really pleased with the cleanliness etc. We had a beautful mordern bathroom and we felt the hotel gave us that home from home feeling.I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone staying in london for shopping as oxford street is literally on your doorstep. (primark is opposite the hotel)I would definately recommend this hotel and would return in a heartbeat. I would also recommend looking on travelsupermarket.com for a better rate as it can be quite expensive booking the room direct with the hotel.	
Feb 18 2008 	Great Location bad experience	I booked this weekend for my husband and I and was looking forward to spoiling ourselves in a nice hotel and expensive restaurant. When we entered the hotel it was freezing cold and we realised the heating had obviously broken down. Having arrived at 11.30am I was not expecting my room to be available. I was told that our room was not ready, it overlooked Marble Arch and the park and the receptionist stated she would not change our reservation as it was a nice room. We returned to the hotel at 4.30pm and waited in the Q for 15 mins to be told our room was still not available, it would be another 45 mins. We were shown into the bar for a drink as was many other people who were also awaiting their room! It was still freezing cold but at least they provided heaters for the staff. At 5.50pm I went back to reception to find out what was happening, I rejoined the Q for a 3rd time when I got to the check in desk the lady tapped on her keyboard for 5 mins before telling me she had changed our reservation to a room on the 7th floor - exactly the same just higher up she stated. With the same view I enquired - yes. We arrived at our room which was pretty small and at the back of the hotel overlooking some old buildings! I phoned to speak to the manager, the lady who answered said she knew what it was about - the fact my room was not ready - I was told the manager would call me back within 3 minutes. After 10 minutes I called again and the lady hung up. I returned to reception and requested to see the manager. The 'security' men ask you to speak to reception on insisting I speak to the manager they went off to find him. I was going to be offered a free breakfast however the package already included it so I was offered a 50% refund. For any one with theatre or restaurant reservations do not rely on getting into your room promptly to get ready. The breakfast was something like a holiday camp with different kiosks and queues for everything. Overall a disappointing experience. They need to employ additional cleaners to get rooms ready and more Guest relation staff to cope with the queues of disappointed customers. I was glad to leave.......	
Feb 18 2008 	Very Very Disappointing	Impressive if somewhat sterile lobby, with staff walking aimlessly about. Checked in without a problem, yet on getting to the room was given a single instead of the King I had booked, not a great start. Rooms themselves are clean and comfortable, although the muct vaunted entertainment system wasn't working.No robes, no water or anything else. Prices are ridiculous even for London, and the selection of services is very very limited. The staff I dealt with were friendly, however.To cap it all off, a man vomited then died in the lobby while I was staying, with his body left there for several hours, guarded by staff. Lovely.Save yourself the disappointment and some money and stay at the Thistle next door. Same location, lower price.	
Feb 17 2008	So bad I had to write...	From my hours experience at The Cumberland I feel compelled to write should others not suffer my misfortune! Deciding that I would treat my Fiance to a night in London with a posh dinner and a relaxing nights break for his birthday I booked with the Cumberland after a colleague recommended it as 'unusual' - it was that indeed.We arrived at 4.30pm on a Saturday, plenty of time for us to check in, get ready and make our 6.30pm reservations in a restaurant literally across the road. After queing for 20 mins we finally got to the counter to be informed only a smoking room was available, not ideal I thought but probably means it was a smoking room before the ban came in so the decor is in need of some TLC, not so I'm afraid, after figuring out the ridiculous lift systems we arrived on the floor and room to the strongest smell of recent smoke - we thought this ws now illegal and were totally amazed!We at least attemped to settle in the room but after 10 mins of inhaling stale smoke and the electric not working we decided to go back downstairs to queue to be moved to a better room . I decided to wait for 'guest relations' whilst my Fiance re-joined the ever growing check in queue. The harrasssed GR lady then informed me she was dealing with a complaint and would be back shortly - as I waited for 10 mins for her to come back the queue behind me was growing bigger - one lady was a room short for her teenage son, another guy had been given his key and walked in on a couple, another who had booked for a large party was 5 rooms short! Having realised at this stage that the Guest Relations lady must be hiding I joined the main queue to see if we could be moved - we eventually got to the counter again to be told that there were absolutely no other room available that evening and they could do no more about it - the whole thing was a complete mess and what was more worrying that although obviously stressed the check in girls didn't seem overly new to this situation, even stating it was like that becuase everyone was checking in at the same time - silly us!! Upshot is we asked for our money back, cancelled our dinner reservations and went home, luckily for us we lived local-ish enough to do that - I felt sorry for the others I met though that had obviously come to London for a special break...	
Feb 13 2008 	get for a crash pad	we stayed one night - the experience was ok nothing outstandingThe hotel is immediately round the corner from Marble Arch tube it is very central or easy to get to on public transport for doing anything in London.On arrival at the hotel the reception is shockingly modern I was expecting it but it still shocked. It is modern and not homely in the least. We did not have to queue for check in and the staff were friendly. It was only 12.30 but our room was ready. we had room 113 and were told it was in the building over the road. We had to get in the lift down one floor take the corridor on the left right to the end where we would get a lift to the first floor and hence find our room. We went down one floor zig zagged along the corridor past conference room and found two lifts. One lift serving even floors and one odd, but the odd floors were only going up to room 8 not 13. We went back to reception to find out if it was the right lift, a guy said we had the right lift but he'd show us to our room. We got out on the first floor and after looking through two doors the guy found the stairs that lead you to rooms 109-117. There are lower and upper levels of every floor and floor seven the guy told us doesn't exist according to the lift numbers!!When we got to our room a deluxe double it was on the smaller side but clean and tidy. It must have been recently decorated. I must agree with previous reviewers about having to turn on the shower and then jump out the way, plus it was never hot. There are tea and coffee making facilities in the room though the cups are metal and therefore your drink has a metalic taste -looks good but not practical!We did not eat in the restaurants or drink in the bars so I can't comment n these areas.Sunday morning we checked our bags in with conceige whilst we went out and about - no problems.The staff we encountered were very pleasent and helpful. the areas of the hotel we saw were very clean and tidy though maybe lacked in room signs.There is no reason why I would not stay here again - although it will probably depend on what deal i could get.	
Feb 11 2008 	A numbers game	The overall feeling this hotel leaves you with.So, I stayed on business for one night on 31st January.First impression was that this was going to be a numbers game; and I was right. Approaching the desk for check-in I felt as though I was at a deli counter and should have a ticket number in my hand and wait to be called, in all honesty I felt a bit of a nuisance to them. They did check me in but I did need to ask where the room was, and where to find the lift.My room was ok, well, had the TV worked (no sound), and an ironing board only big enough to iron a sock on (should you wish to), but a shirt is easier to put it on the floor with a towel, if the iron lead had reached of course.The bathromm is attempting to be too clever; I agree with the comment below about getting drenched with freezing water as you have to walk right into the cubicle to turn the thing on, then run. Trouble is, when the shower is on and warmed up, you have to get back through the door without drenching the rest of the bathroom as the door opens right opposite the shower head and you can't swivel it. A good test if you're awake in the morning and need a puzzle.When I returned to the hotel in the evening I sneaked a bottled beer from the bar, signed for it, and went to my room to relax and retire. Check-out the following day was a return to the check-in experience, not great only now you really are a pain to them as you're leaving! All staff are foreign which isn't an issue in itself but you do get the level of service with a smile you would normally get with a fully trained and experienced professional.They tried to charge me £4.50 for one bottled beer. And although I have paid more I wasn't paying that. I had to queue for 20 minutes at the bar to get it, and 50 pence of that price was a service charge purely for the privalge of a 20 minute wait at the bar for them to open the bottle and slam it down in front of me. A fair deal for me was that, as my TV didn't work they could buy me a drink in return. It took over 30 minutes of conversation to agree to this and they only did because I was taking up too much of their time and a queue was starting to form.Breakfast was a mission. I would advise that you take breakfast before you check out as it is in the depths of the basement about a five minute walk from reception. i checked out first, but I did ask if they could store my bags while I had breakfast, having dragged them down there. But again I am a pain, and so was advised to leave them in the corridor - fabulous security!Breakfast is set out in a manner I just could not understand, You need to walk from one end to the other putting your breakfast together in a rather canteen like surrounding. Example, toast up one end, oragne juice up the other, and somehwere in the middle you will find the rest. In summary, you are a number at this hotel, not a respected guest. If you plan to stay there plan to be out and use it as a place to rest your head at night.	
Feb 11 2008 	Spectacular Lobby - that's about it!!!	I booked this hotel for a weekend break in London for my partners birthday on the 9th February 2008 for 1 night in a deluxe double room.On arrival the lobby is spectacular - has a big wow factor. However, this sadly doesn't extend to the rest of the hotel. We were given a non smoking room as requested on the 6th floor. As soon as we opened the door it stunk of smoke. We went back down to the lobby and were re-accomodated on the 5th floor. The room was quite small and in need of redecoration. I am sure you would have to book a deluxe king size room to get a room that is like the ones in the photos. Everything was fine and we went out for dinner. On our return the same thing happened with the smoke - the room next door were smoking and it was coming under the inter connecting door. This was approximately 11pm and we were getting a little annoyed by this time. We called reception and they promptly moved us to another 5th floor room. Everything was fine up until approximately 4am when the room next door proceeded to have a full blown party until around 6.30am. We didn't even bother to complain at this point and couldn't face being moved for the fourth time. Apparently the only smoking floor is the 8th, which ideally people should adhere to. I was really disappointed and having seen conflicting views by other people who had stayed here, I thought I would give it a chance. Yes, the location is very central but I probably wouldn't recommend it. It put a dampener on the weekend.	
Feb 8 2008 	The Cumberland Hotel - Good Location	My husband and I recently stayed at the Cumberland for a long weekend. The bedroom wasn't a bad size, our view was right onto Marble Arch, there was no traffic noise at all. However, the bathroom was on the small side, but functional. All in all we thought it was quite good value for money for the location. Would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 8 2008 	Not bad!	Was there for 1 night for business purposes. Lobby looks great but rooms a bit too small. Room designed nicely, complete with ironing etc, as well as flat screen tv. Bathroom is OK, with a spacious shower, but whoever designed the shower needs to know that people hate walking into the shower, switch on the shower and get drenched with freezing water sicne there is no way to avoid it ;) :)Overall a god hotel for london, much better than a few I stayed in my frequent travels to London !	
Feb 1 2008	Don't be fooled by the stylish lobby!	Booked this hotel for 125 pounds per night (midweek) through last minute's top secret hotels, which I don't suppose is expensive by London standards, but even so I was amazed at the poor standard of the accommodation provided.The hotel seems to have blown their entire refurb budget on the cavernous gallery-style lobby area and then kitted the rooms out with sub-Ikea style furnishings which are already looking incredibly tired and dated.The first room we were shown - apparently a &quot;deluxe double&quot; was incredibly cramped and dark - there was not even enough room for two bedside tables and the TV was virtually above the bed it was so close. The carpet was absolutely filthy too, so we complained and were given an upgraded kingsize room.This room was better, but still no more than average. Most of the rooms face one of several courtyards, so you're unikely to have any view other than that of the rooms opposite. There was also a lot of noise from the fans and generators.The location is great, but I would not bother with this place again.	
Jan 28 2008 	Great Lobby - Not so Great Rooms...	Summary first: The lobby and look of the hotel is excellent but the rooms are only 3 star standard. Great functional hotel as base in London – if you want a comfortable or relaxing room to spend time it then this is not the hotel. Room standards great vary so check out what is on offer.I stayed in the Cumberland in Dec 07 and again in Jan 08 –both times as single occupancy.Dec - room was great, standard size with lovely view of marble arch. Bright and airy. We travelled in a group of 3 and all the other rooms resembled the one below:Jan - got a single room, with slightly larger than single bed - no view and window had muffed glass. The room was really badly lit and the space in front of the wardrobe was completely dark. The mini bar was empty. The room was tiny.The bathrooms in both rooms were extremely small and basic but clean. Toiletries provided are nice- but no conditioner. Extras like toothpaste, razors &amp; foam are available on request.Beds in both rooms were really comfortable.The hotel exterior and lobby is really impressive. We only went to the small bar (Kua Bar) off the lobby which was small but comfortable and intimate. The queue for Carbon Bar on Saturday night was really long.Once you leave the lobby and go up the bedroom floors the standard is extremely disappointing – the hallways look more like a 3 star. The only staircase I could find was at the back of the concierges desk and really wasn't suitable for customers - it was an ordeal and embarrassing to avoid using the lifts.Overall the cleanliness of the hotel was good – although on both occasion people just left empty bags in the corridors which were not removed. House keeping took 45mins and 2 telephone calls to bring up additional items. On the last morning housekeeping opened (the bolted door) on 3 occasions despite it being before 11am.I wouldn’t stay in this hotel again – it was ok but I’m going to try to find better.	
Jan 22 2008 	nice for buisness and shopping in oxford st	great hotel for buisness and shopping in oxford street though 1st room offered was #1388 oh lord soo small i mean small and plain asked for bigger room as paying 245euros and they was glad to move us with out a word ,next room was fantastic #1186 great bathroom and nice decor what i exspected also you cant get in rooms till 2pm as very busy enjoyed our stay oioi	
Jan 17 2008 	Great hotel in an excellent location	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights (Jan 11-12th 2008). It's a large hotel but still offers a personal experience - all staff are very attentive and courteous. The reception area is very artistic and contemporary and has a lovely feel to it - you'll have to experience it to see what I mean! The room we had was a little on the small side but we weren't in London to stay in our room so it wasn't a problem. It was clean, contemporary and also located at the back of the hotel which meant it was very quiet; not a siren was heard!The hotel is located just around Marble Arch tube station on the central line or a few minutes walk from Bond Street tube station which links to other lines. Equally pleasant is a walk through Hyde Park to the Picadilly Line with Knightsbridge and Kensington a few stops away - all in all a perfect location.We ate at the Rhodes W1 restaurant whilst there and that experience was out of this world - wonderful food, service, ambience, just perfect!!Will definitely be going back to the Cumberland.	
Jan 15 2008 	Modern hotel and good location	I stayed at the Cumberland for two nights in January 2008. I was in town for a business trip, and the Cumberland has a great location - very central, near many shops and right around the corner from a tube stop. The lobby of this hotel is very hip and stylish. Very impressive. My room was much less impressive, I had a standard twin on the 7th floor. The good things: very comfy beds, good in-room coffee/tea selection, nice TV, modern bathroom fixtures. The bad: stains on the carpet (ick!), my sink was clogged after the housekeeper's visit (although the hotel fixed it). In general, once you get out of the lobby, things looked shabbier.This all being said, I would definitely stay here again on my next trip to London.	
Jan 14 2008	Nothing bad to say	The hotel was quite nice and we enjoyed the lobby bar. The concierge made a few odd recommendations for dining, etc., but other than that -- it was a nice hotel. The room we stayed in was tiny, but was clean, efficiently-appointed and comfortable. We would stay there again.	
Jan 4 2008 	A little different	The Cumberland has been &quot;done over&quot; to make it more modern (almost a boutique hotel - see their website). We had two very different twin bedrooms; the higher grade &quot;de luxe&quot; room with views over Hyde Park was superb and the other &quot;standard&quot; twin was very nice without the extras. The best room had Royal Auping beds (which are the best), acres of space (compare any Paris hotel room), and quadruple glazing onto Oxford Street (shutting out ALL noise). Our stay was brilliant - early check-in booked and available at the time requested, check-in and formalities no problem, even the predicted breakfast queues minimal - but get a deal in advance as we did - the rack rates are absurd!	
Dec 31 2007 	great hotel perfect location	We were so scared to stay at the Cumberland after reading some of the reviews on tripadvisor, but our stay could not have been more pleasant. The staff were friendly and helpful; the conceirge gave us good advice every day. The room was small but clean and modern; we had an empty fridge and a hot water kettle which were very useful. The lobby was a little noisy and poorly lit, but my husband used the business center which he really liked. Paying for internet in the room was a little expensive, but what isnt expensive in London? The bed was extremely comfortable. The room was dark except for the green light in the bathroom which didnt turn off, so dark we overslept a couple of times. We booked on Priceline, so we were only paying $150 a night, and at that bargin our experience was excellent. But if I were paying the average price $450 a night, I would probably expect a little more bang for my buck (something like free breakfast, free internet, a bigger room, etc.)	
Dec 20 2007 	Very different very fab	Arrived at the hotel at lunchtime. Queue checking in so we left our bags at the concierge who was very pleasant and helpful. Reception is very unusual and cold looking but also quite fascinating. Doorman pointed us in right direction and was again very friendly. Arrived back at hotel at 8 pm and our family room was not ready so we were upgraded to a large double room with and provision of a camp bed for our daughter. Room was beautiful, camp bed put up promptly, view out of window was Marble Arch. Couldn't fault it. \d\aughter spent eveing on laptop, we collapsed on the most comfortable bed ever. Unbelievable - fell asleep in about 3 minutes!! Very peaceful, very clean. Breakfast was superb, very strange set up in the dining room with different stations to obtain all different types of food but we did like it because it was so different. First hotel we have stayed at which provided choice of home made smoothies. Check out very efficient and left bags again at the concierge until the evening. Yes the staff were all from overseas but they were all very friendly and interested in what we had to say.Open top bus tour across the road was excellent but plan for about 3 and a half hours for the full tour simply because of the traffic. We would definitely return. There was nothing we didn't like	
Dec 19 2007 	Good location weird hotel	We were moved to The Cumberland because the hotel we booked had encountered some building problems. Ie. they hadn't finished the bloody thing! The Cumberland was brilliant to get to and from. Next to Marble Arch tube station and brilliant for shopping in Oxford Street. However, once inside is where the weirdness started. It's dazzling blue (but sometimes red) and the staff barely speak a word of English so trying to explain who we were was a bit of a nightmare. If it wasn't blue or red then the whiteness was disturbing. Add to this the bizarre statues and it's like being in a funny dream. Don't get me started on the tap dancing in water noises in the egg shaped sofa. Anyway, we eventually got into the room which was pretty good to be fair (apart from the blue lighs and metal cups - we're from The Potteries and like our china!)Basically, if you are after somewhere 'just' to stay in London then it's fine but if you want a classy experience then it's not for you. Too modern for our liking. Beds are comfy though.	
Dec 17 2007 	FANTASTIC!! Best beds EVER!	Thought I owed it to the Cumberland to write a review for the Cumberland after my 2 night stay this weekend...Many people have given this hotel a bad name, and understandably the hotel is huge and I only stayed in one particular area of the hotel but I cannot fault it at all.£10 in a taxi from Euston, the entrance is something out of a the Tate Modern, reception staff were very friendly and there were plenty of staff to deal with the amount of people checking in.The twin room my friend and I had was brilliant- cannot get over the comfyiness of the beds... they were brilliant!The location of the hotel is excellent for people coming to London to shop and for those who are coming to sightsee and want to do a bus tour, you can get the bus across the road from the hotel, through marble arch...All in all, the service, friendliness and cleanliness of the staff was faultless... very very impressed and will definitely be going back!	
Dec 10 2007 	Excellent Location	After reading poor reviews on tripadvisor I was a bit anxious about staying at The Cumberland however, I was not disappointed. Absolutely fabulous location - especially if you want to shop - it is situated at the end of Oxford Street just opposite Marble Arch. Marble Arch Tube station is about a 30 second walk away. The Hotel itself was fresh and clean with an absolutely fabulous breakfast - the variety of food was unbelievable! It is a ultra modern hotel - not exactly my cup of tea as I would prefer a more traditional decor however if going back to London would certainly stay there again.	
Dec 5 2007 	Over-rated over-priced over-charged	Hotel has a superb location but at £165 a night leaves a lot to be desired.The staff are unfriendly and most are unable to string a decent sentence together in English. Upon our return to the hotel after an evening out the receptionist first finished the text (sms) he was busy with before attending to us.I dont think I saw a staff member smile during my stay.We were double-charged for the room with a struggle to obtain a refund, again with somebody with less than a basic grasp of English.In addition we were also charged for the breakfast despite this being explicitly included when booked and the hotel manager &quot;was unable to see this on his system&quot;.The room was nice, the breakfast was nice, the hotel bar and lobby were nice but again, at £165 a night, I would expect as much.I wouldnt stay here again for love or money.	
Nov 30 2007 	thoroughly enjoyed our stay	Terrific location, ultra trendy design, great breakfast with individual request pancakes and omelettes (mmmmmmmm), good size room, clean bathroom with chic Elemis toiletries, clean and crisp linen, empty fridge.What Can I say ; what impressed me more is that despite having a window on Oxford Street, I had the best sleep ever in London.I think The Cumberland is a great value for money and will definitely return.	
Nov 28 2007 	Great stay at the Cumberland Hotel	We certainly enjoyed our stay at the Cumberland Hotel, we asked when we checked in for a room upgrade and this proved to be no problem for the reception staff. Although there seemed to be a queue for breakfast this was no problem for us as we there by 8.15-8.30am every morning. There was a vast selection of breakfast and staff were very attentive. I would certainly stay in this Hotel again.	
Nov 25 2007	Noisy smelly overpriced unfriendly	I would not recommend this hotel. The rooms smelled of smoke and air-freshener, had stained carpets and towels, and were lit by an unpleasant green light that could not be turned off at night. Some of the rooms (we travelled as a group) were very noisy, either because of the fan, the elevator or the disco. One of us found a metal key underneath the sheets, another had towels smelling of unmentionable things....The staff, though probably well meaning, were totally incompetent.There were long waiting lines for breakfast every day.	
Nov 22 2007 	Perfect location BUT...	This is my last hour in Cumberland. My company travel agent booked this hotel for me for the nights 20-22 November. Let me just say that there is a reason why the hotel is ranked 301 in TripAdvisor.The location is perfect, perfect, perfect - for shopping, sightseeing, business. Now the rooms... Well, my company has booked a single for me, but I dreaded even seeing it, so I upgraded to what they called a Deluxe Double with inside view on the 8th floor for 30£ per night more. Unfortunately it was a smoking room, and despite being quite tolerant to smoke and smokers I just couldn't stand it. Besides, the room view was hideous, actually facing the hotel's other wing. The bathroom was a cell. I called reception and asked for another room, and they informed me that I only had the option of one Deluxe King in the 4th floor with Park view - it seemed perfect, but of course it came with an additional 25£ per night [actually they said 20 over the phone, 25 afterwards at reception, but anyway...]. The room was only slightly bigger, and the view was much improved, giving out to the corner of Marble Arch and Hyde Park. Bathroom a bit bigger this time - however I had some serious struggle turning on the shower. Well the bed that was supposed to be king size, was basically 2 mattresses united [god, I always hate that], which perhaps may be convenient for 2 persons. Mattreses OK, pillows average. There was also a huge LCD TV in the room, with lousy reception though. Internet at least came for free - well, wired Internet of course; wireless had to be paid for. Mow, you must understand that you are not going to a boutique hotel - this hotel is huge, I almost got lost finding my room. The breakfast area, well... I was lucky to find a table rightaway [I was one person after all], but I saw people queueing up for a lot of time. And the vast breakfast area, extremely busy and noisy just didn't do it for me. Perhaps if I was with other 3 or 4 friends I wouldn't have minded... Next breakfast I took in my room without extra thought. Only, it seemed that they didn't pass by my room to collect my In-room Breakfast menu and I had to phone them up on the spot in the morning. In-room breakfast was extremely poor, and they charged me 11,25£ supplement!!! Room service menu, average to boring-to-death, and breathtakingly expensive.They also charged a 10£ guarantee for the adaptor. Well, it just seems that I will have to do some serious checking up in my credit card charges...The hotel staff was very nice, polite and friendly.All in all, I don't quite see why spend so much money on a room in this hotel, that is not fantastic but just happens to be in a fantastic location. Checking their web-site, I think the rate for my room is around 225 quid, which is a ridiculously expensive price... Will I go there again? Hmmm, I don't know; if I had to pay for it on my own, I wouldn't. But again on a business trip, I might consider it, given the location alone; but I would certainly give some priority to other hotels...	
Nov 19 2007 	Fantastic hotel	We had a triple room at the Cumberland which was an executive twin with a third bed added. Even with this extra space taken up the room was still spacious.We ate at the Gary Rhodes brasserie and the meal was fantastic and very reasonably priced. Yes the drinks in the bar were expensive but this is the same in all London hotels!A couple of lifts were broken on the Sunday which caused a few problems but nothing more than waiting 5 mins for a lift - it's only a problem if you're inpatient and want everything now!There were queues to be seated for breakfast on a morning but this queue moved quickly and once allocated to our table the queues for the actual food were 5 people long max.I had read lots of negative reviews before my stay so was a little apprehensive but we had a fantasic weekend and the staff could not do enough to help.Will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 19 2007 	OK for 1 night	We were originally booked into the Park Plaza County Hall but as it had not opened, were booked into the Cumberland by them and charged the same rate £75 per room plus VAT. Room was clean and quiet with a shower but no bath and Elmis toiletries. Did'nt eat in the hotel but thought the price of drinks in the bar was very high. Reception staff polite and friendly. But, there are not enough lifts. On Sunday morning loads of coach parties were leaving at the same time and you could'nt get a lift. So everyone was pouring down the stairs. OK for us with one small bag but not so good for other people.	
Nov 13 2007 	Fantastic!!	I booked this hotel through Top Secret Hotels - I'd worked out which hotel it was prior to booking due to the restaurant description (Gary Rhodes W1) so I was able to check previous reviews on Trip ad before booking......I'm so glad all the negativity didn't put me off.....It was the pictures of the lobby and the ideal location that made me proceed with my booking.....And I'm so glad I did!We only stayed one night so we didn't really get chance to explore the whole hotel (Especially as I ended up in a wheel chair at 9pm due to a bad fall elsewhere!)Although our room was on the small side, it had all the amenities that we required - the bed was lovely and comfortable, tv a good size, complimentry toiletries 'Molton Brown!' and a lovely power shower - what more does one need.This hotel doesn't pretend to be 5*, it just prides itself on being a damn good 4*!The carbon bar is fun, funky and welcoming!The staff couldn't have been anymore helpful - and in contrast to some other reviews... our check-in was the quickest ever - 1 min checking in and one of the concierge checked us out so we could just head straight off!Loved it so much we've booked again for 3 weeks time!	
Nov 10 2007	Great Location	Was nervous when booking this hotel but knew the location would be worth it. Right at the top of Oxford St and directly above Marble Arch Tube Station. Could not have been better. People on this site have moaned about the size of the rooms, well their not massive but fine for 2 people if your in and out during the day. How long do you spend in your room anyway?! Beds comfy, good shower ( did flood the bathroom though ) Breakfast was good, did'nt like the long line ( like a school canteen ) . Theres a Pret next door if your room only. Great modern lobby. Just shop around for a good deal - they can be had.	
Nov 6 2007 	A little impersonal	The hotel on arrival looks very clinical. A large modern lobby that is very noisey and the check in was problematic as reception could not find our details. The room was ok and dispite having to line up for breakfast it was well worth the wait. Not sure if i would choose this hotel again.	
Nov 5 2007 	Terrible	The room was okay (although there was some noice of fans and the Urban Disco). But I have a TERRIBLE experience with them. Credit-cards are not working. After that a double charge was done and NO-ONE is responding on my emails and even on my phone calls. NOTHING IS BEING DONE ABOUT IT.Due to this issues with the hotel I had a very unpleasant stay in London and big trouble on getting home! Thank you folks.So the service you get is far below any decent behaviour! Price is much to high. AVOID THIS HOTEL!	
Nov 4 2007	worst deal ON EARTH - never stay here!!!	Worst deal on earth!!!Never stay in this hotel!!!! It's expensive, service id TERRIBLE, rooms are ridicusly small...smaller than in a hostel...and I payed 600 dollars for my room!!! didn't even have a tub. lobby is nice and moder but more crowded than paddington station...so you have to wait 30 minutes evertime you need to ask a question...and don't even try the room ohone...because they put you onhold forever. I travel for business 30% on my time nd I never stayed in such an small, run down and expesive rom in my life!!!	
Nov 2 2007 	loved the cumberland!!!!!!	absolutely loved this hotel! where do i start? the hotel is lovely, the reception is absolutely stunning. I'd called the hotel before our arrival asking for a room upgrade after reading reviews on this site. Definatly worth while, our room was lovely. Large,airy and modern. Only complaint that it is slightly noisy at nite, but you cant forget your in central london! the location of the hotel is brilliant! right next to the tube... brill! i've read complaints of this hotel about the foreign employees of the hotel, although they did seem a bit abrupt at times i found them efficient enough! try Carbon the bar/club by the hotel, really good nite out!!would definatly recommend this hotel to others, but from reading the other reviews i would definatly advise to ask for an upgrade!	
Oct 25 2007 	Down the tubes	I have been staying at the Cumberland on trips to London for the last 10 years. The hotel was getting a bit tired prior to the Guoman makeover. What an improvement I thought then. However the standards have consistently deteriorated since. There are no English staff left. Most of the current staff struggle with English and service standards are just appalling. The customer profile has changed accordingly.After scores of nights spent there in the last decade, they have seen the last of me.	
Oct 24 2007	overpriced and not a quality hotel	service is appalling, receptionist more interest in answering telephones than booking in guests,i had to wait 10 minutes while the receptionist was on the phone. This happened twice in two days. Room i booked was a double room the staff gave me a box room with a double bed! than they gave me a room which was bigger however it had stain floor carpets rattling window which let in cold air even when it was closed.There were stains on the wall and in the bathroom wall. The heating could not be switched on. when i got the heating fan to work with instuctions from the hotel repairman it still blew out cold air. i used the hair dryer to warm the room. The shower cubicle door would not close when the shower was running. The shower mixer tap started at a cold position and closed at the cold position. so when you turn the shower on you are gauranteed to have cold freezing water hit you!!. even though i managed to get a better room for the next two nights i would not use or pay extortionist amount of money for a third class hotel providing third class accommadation and service DO NOT BE MISLED BY THE PHOTOGRAPHS ON THE INTERNET!!	
Oct 24 2007 	Meh.	The Cumberland looks good on the outside, but has some flaws on the inside. It is in a great location - close to a Pret a Manger and a Sainsbury Express, close to Marble Arch tube and 5 mins from Marks and Spencer! There typically was someone to meet you at the front door. We too were told that our room wasn't ready after arrving from an overnight flight - we ended up giving up a more upgraded suite to get one immediately. We were fine with this.I had written an email ahead of time to make sure that they had our rez and that it was a twin room. It was my mother's birthday and to my surprise after our original arrival, we came back to find chocolates and a bottle of wine! so nice right? WRONG - they tried to charge my mother for the bottle of wine when she checked out - she put her foot down and made sure that the changes were made on the bill.The staff there definately have below average language skills, it was hard to understand a lot of them. they try, but just don't cut the mustard. The line up for breakfast was atrocious - we didn't even bother. The lobby is visually stunning and the restaurant is allegedly very well regarded (some fancy english chef runs it). However, the hallways in the hotel look like they were abandoned dorm rooms that got a lick of paint and night club lighting. Our room was a good size with comfortable beds. The shower was a bit tricky and slippery but we managed. The cleaning staff did a great job. Overall it is a decent hotel, but I wouldn't stay there again. We have stayed at the Trafalgar before which is smaller but far superior. We have also stayed at the Thistle Charing Cross which we wouldnt stay at again either (it is not nearly as nice as this hotel).	
Oct 22 2007 	Positive experience	I was quite hesitant at staying at The Cumberland due some of the negative reviews that I had read by other travellers. However my recent stay there was a positive experience. True, on arrival I was told room was not available, but I got there at 10.30 am and it is common policy in hotels worldwide that check-in is in the afternoon. However, I was soon accommodated in a decently sized room on the second floor overlooking Oxford Street - and no, it was definitely not noisy at all considering I was so 'close' to such a busy road!Decor is ultra-modern and might not be pleasing for more conventional minded people, especially lobby, which is large and a bit bare. However, the furnishings in room were well thought out. Shower was enormous and enclosed with glass doors - a positive break from the shower curtains one still finds in some hotels which just stick to you no matter what! The only drawback was that you had to get partially wet to turn on the water tap.My only complaint is that my shower cap kept disappearing each day and was never replaced thus would have to ring housekeeping to be brought another one - but these obliged with a replacement without delay.All staff with whom I came in contact were very helpful, and breakfast was quite good although not particularly bountiful. But still, the location of the hotel makes up for any minor shortcomings that it had.Good thing I was not that much influenced by the negative reviews and changed hotels. Looking up hotel reviews is good, thus one would get different opinions, but I think that these are to be used more as a guide since ultimately, it all depends on the expectations of the individual traveller.	
Oct 18 2007	Be very Wary of the Cumberland Hotel	I had such a disturbing experience at this hotel I would never recommend it to anyone. I arrived around 11.00 in the morning for a 2 night stay and no rooms were available which is not unusual. I had got a &quot;special&quot; rate for the room of £300 for the two nights. The attendant was from Eastern Europe and his English was so-so. I asked if any other rooms were available and whether I could upgrade. They only had a suite and he said that the rate was £275 a night. I thought about it for a while and in the end I thought what the heck - I had been travelling for 12 hours to get to London and was exhausted. So, I double checked and asked him: So the total will be £550. He said &quot;Yes&quot;. When I come to check out, I look at my bill and it shows the room charge as £850. I ask her what is going on and the young girl says this is the rate. I tried to explain to her that the total was £550 but she kept talking over me and saying that that amount was the upgrade fee. I explained to her that I would never agree to go from £150 to £425 a night and that this was not explained to me at the time. She was like &quot;There is nothing I can do&quot;. Finally I had to lose my temper and made her get the supervisor on the phone. After a lot of back and forth, it was agreed that the total would be £550. I had had a taxi waiting for 15 mins by this point and so I put a line through the £550 upgrade charge, wrote £550 in total and signed the hotel sheet. She did not make me sign my Credit card receipt as they dont seem to do this anymore, just the hotel sheet. I ran off as the taxi driver was threatening to leave. When i get my credit card statement - guess what?! The £850 was charged. Furious I tried to speak to 3-4 people about this and got NOWHERE. Every time I asked for someone to call me back, they promised but did not. What a joke! Avoid the Cumberland Hotel - they are theives!	
Oct 17 2007 	Over-priced room	I booked the Cumberland for an anniversary weekend in London with my husband. I looked at the pictures online on the hotels own site and also on expedia. It looked lovely, trendy and modern. The entrance to the hotel was fabulous. The check-in staff were cheery and helpful. Everything was going well until we were given the key to the room and we started the treasure hunt to find it! The directions to the room were so complicated that we had to ask several people before we could find it. In order to get to our room we have to go down 1 flight of stairs, up one floor in a lift and then down another floor in another lift.....quite incredible! It turned up we were actually in the building across the street from the main building. We were upgraded to a de-luxe king so I was excited to see what the room would be like. Upon entering the room I could tell it was anything but deluxe. The funiture was modern which I guess is the reason they called it deluxe. It looked like it had been furnished from Ikea. There was a huge pillar in the middle of the room which prevented you from getting inside the wardrobe. We had a wall outside our window so you had a feeling of being trapped in a basement. The bathroom was modern again but the door to the shower did not close properly and you had to go in the shower to put it on meaning you had to soak yourself with cold water! The bed was comfortable that is the only positive thing I can say. We ate in the Gary Rhodes Brasserie was was lovely but expensive. We also had coffees in the Kau lounge which were £3.50 each plus a 12.5% service charge....so it is not cheap! Would I stay there again......no, never!	
Oct 15 2007 	Canteen Breakfast	I agree with all other reviewers who write about the poor standard of what are meant to be de-luxe rooms. The price we paid for b&amp;B was £232.00 and the room was just an average standard room. I rang down to complain and was offered another room on the next floor which was bigger and a little more decorative, but still nothing like the pictures on their website. As for breakfast, served in the aptly named Market, it was like a school canteen, with formica topped tables and tea or coffee served by a roving waitress from a vacuum flask!. Definately not a 4* experience. A vastly over-rated hotel. Would not go again.	
Oct 9 2007 	Ok but problems !	Well booked direct with the hotel groups reservation line and got a good deal, better than the hotel web site and other usual on line hotel web sites so good price for a hotel in this location.Hotel is massive ! not easy to navigate around, poor signage bt got there in the end.Very friendly and eager to please on checking in, room okay. modern and fine. had to specify bath so be carefull..Now the problem ! the hotel has in its wisdom opened a night club called &quot;carbon&quot; in the basement or lower ground floor ! ALERT!!!!!! which shuts on a saturday at 3am ! our hotel window was 4 floors directly above the entrance ! no more of an explanation required ! could hear every tune and all the drunkards being kicked out at 3am ! The hotel has a seperate block which i found out after so stay there or go to the club yourself ! The funny thing was they even leave a flier on your pillow for the nightclub ! Also the other problem was breakfast ! , no problem with the actual breakfast which was plentiful and quite good actually BUT the queue on sunday morning was huge ! half an hour to get a table ! shame it was spoilt by these two faults as otherwise was fine...	
Oct 6 2007	Not impressed	Stayed at The Cumberland on business and was not impressed from the moment I entered the hotel. Lots of small, but unacceptable points made for an unsatisfying stay at this hotel.- Most of the staff were incredibly rude, unhelpful and dismissive.- The room itself was fine but really small.- Somebody walked into my room at 6pm at night (as I was just getting out of the shower!). This also happened to a colleague who was staying too.- Drinks are ridiculously expensive.- Corridoors were unclean (e.g. there were chicken bones, I imagine left from dinner service, lying on the carpet outside of my room)- Every time I went to my room the key didn't work, so I had to go back down to reception to ask them to reactivate it.I think what was most annoying was the attitude of staff to any questions, concerns etc. It's a shame as the hotel is in a good location for Oxford Street etc., but I won't be staying there again.	
Oct 6 2007 	Great Location...	Not really sure why people feel the need to complain about the smallest of things. e.g yes the drinks are expensive in the hotel, but are drinks not expensive in all hotels?? my hotel room was lovely, very comfy pillows on the bed, full size mirror and gorgeous bathroom, with a wonderful view of... pipes and a roof!! nice, but i wouldn't say i would feel the need to complain who goes to london to look out the window!! the hotel room has a hairdryer, ironing board, fridge, safety deposit box and kettle!! hotel has a big open lobby with lights that change colours thoughout the day and smells lovely! alot of people seem to have a promblem with the staff and did not find them helpfull, i found the staff very helpfull considaring i left my mobile there, they found it for me and sent it to my home address.hotel is in good location for shopping and hyde park but not really for nightlife, but whats the harm in a long walk!! Would i stay here again?? Oh Yes!	
Sep 25 2007 	Loved The Cumberland!	We booked the Cumberland at the last minute after a disappointment at another hotel. The Cumberland did not disappoint. The staff were eficient and friendly. The room was very comfortable (with a huge plasma tv) and one of the comfiest beds i have ever slept in! The location is excellent, next to Marbel Arch tube, and many bus routes just outside the door. very convenient for shopping in Oxford Street and Regent St. i would advise anyone visiting to make good use of the efficient and inexpensive buses as well as the Tube.Also - if you can afford a room with a view of Marble Arch and Hyde Park, it's worth the extra!	
Sep 23 2007 	Loved Cumberland on Marble Arch Oxford Street	Really liked Cumberland hotel for its ideal location right on Oxford Street. I stayed there for one week with my partner and really enjoyed our stay over there. It is close to many nice places e.g. Oxford Street, Bond Street, Regent Street and Picadilly. Underground stop Marble Arch is right next to the hotel. The room was spacious and very nice. Decor was scandinavian. The bathroom was excellent. Staff was very nice. Celebrated new year night and walked from there to London Eye. Had a night to remember with my partner. Booked online and in two months in advance and got incredibly good rate. Would love to go there again.Cheers	
Sep 15 2007 	Mixed Feelings About The Cumberland Hotel	Just returned from The Cumberland Hotel today.Great location to Oxford street and to all areas in London via tube. Large hotel which is modern in style and appealing to large corporate parties and conferences. Plenty of staff to cater for the large number of clients staying at the hotel and they deliver the services quite satisfactory however do not expect a personal service as they will never know who you are, where you are from etc...this is not a bouqitue hotel with service second to none...you are just a room number!We were upgraded to a king size room (which we were very happy about) however it was in the building next door and throughout our two night stay the same bed linen that was from our room previously (from the guests who stayed in the room before us) was left at our front door and everytime we went to our room we stumbled upon it all the time. We gave them 24 hours to remove it (more than fair) however they did not have the initiative to do so so we asked at reception for it to be disposed of and it was....to the outside of the room across the corrindor from us...Do I need to say anything more????	
Sep 13 2007	Lovely hotel	The hotel is lovey and our stay in the end was lovely. I booked through Last Minute and on arrival at the hotel they told me that they did not have my booking. After 45 mins of stress i finaly spoke to a man on the front desk who was very helpful and upgraded us for free (as i had already paid in full through last minute). The room we had was lovely and very very quiet. It made our stay more enjoable becaue of the upgrade and because of that it worked out as good value. The hotel is really expense though and for a shot of spirit we paid £7!!!!! Dont drink there would be my only advise. But it is a lovely hotel and i would recommend it.	
Sep 10 2007	terrible service for guests with disabilities	i have just returned after a very stressful stay at the cumberland. the hotel is in a great location and is very trendy inside the lobby plus it smells gorgeous.however i was a companion to a patient of mine who was in a wheelchair and we were told our room would be ready at 12pm which it was but it had a double instead of twin bed! it then took 4hours and 20 mins and 2 other rooms to eventually get a room with twin beds.we had just 10 mins to get ready for our night down the west end.when we got back our room was across from a casino/nightclub so we hardly slept due to the noise.i did not find one fluent english speaking national in the hotel and i found the level of service to be very poor.the breakfast was amazing in the morning with lots of choices.i feel disappointed that despite careful planning and advance communication that the hotel could not provide a twin room and that it took a long time to rectify the situation with poor attitude and understanding from staff.unfortunately my patient will probably never be able to go to london again so i feel angry that we spent most of an afternoon trying to get a room with twin beds.	
Aug 27 2007 	Pretty to look at but ...	This hotel boasts 5 stars and while it is pretty in the lobby and the bars and restaurants the same, the service is great -it is extremely expensive for what you get. The rooms are pretty but tiny, the showers very leaky and the general maintenance once outside the splendor of the lobby area need some real work (though the room housekeeping was fine). The food prices and anything else you dare to purchase in the hotel are outrageous. I made a 9 minute phone call from my room and it cost 22 pounds ($45.00 American dollars) - this was a local call. If you just struck oil or have a lot of money this place will suit you well, otherwise keep looking.The good side is it is conveniently located for tour busses, and all of the London sites but that is it.	
Aug 21 2007 	Brilliant location	Having read previous reviews about this hotel I feel I have to relate my views. My sister and I went for a girly weekend, staying for 2 nights. We arrived early at 10.30am not expecting our room to be ready. The receptionist was very nice and offered us a room overlooking the inner quadrangle which was ready or to wait for a room with a better view. We went for the room which was ready. It was a large room with 2 four feet beds. So there wasn't a view but there was plenty of light. A bonus is a fridge to store your booze in!!!! The breakfast is awesome. Well worth a visit. I would return to this hotel again	
Aug 16 2007 	Disappointing	We stayed at The Cumberland for a birthday treat on the weekend, and were really disappointed with this hotel. It is nice looking and extremely well located, however, the service is very poor, which is a shame given what a goldmine they could be sitting on! I would not stay here again. I am not fussy when it comes to hotels and I had thought people were exaggerating about the bad service. Given that we were only staying overnight and wanted to enjoy a much looked forward to trip to London, I have realised that lovely decor is nice, as is a good location, but that good service really does make all the difference. For example - We arrived too early to check in but were able to register and leave our bags and were told we could get the keys to our rooms after 2pm (btw check-in takes forever). We then went shopping and returned in the early evening to pick up our keys. After queuing for about 20 minutes we were greeted by a (not overly enthusiastic) man at reception who told us that only one of our rooms was available so all 4 of us would have to share a room and come back in an hour to see if a room had become available. There was no apology (in fact it transpired that most of the staff didn't think this was out of the ordinary) and the only reason given was that the lady who registered us had not allocated a room and they were fully booked - and still cleaning rooms at 8pm! We actually wanted to leave the hotel that evening for a birthday meal and if we hung around waiting for a room (or tried to take turns with the bathroom!) this was not going to happen so we complained that this was not acceptable (another queue) given check in was at 2pm. We were immediately given a room (why couldn't this have happened before?) and complimentary wine and fruit basket. However, the second room was not as we had booked. At this point we gave up complaining and decided to make the best of the little evening we had left. It really did take precious time out of a short weekend. As a birthday treat we had booked what had looked like a really nice hotel (and stretched ourselves to afford it) only to wish we had booked a cheaper hotel after all. Of the hotels I have stayed in in London, if you have the money and want a similar style then the City Inn Westminster is fab. If you are looking for more affordable hotels, the Radisson SAS Portman has comfortable decor, cleanliness and great staff (and is only round the corner from this hotel).	
Aug 8 2007 	Utter disappointment	We stayed at the Cumberland for 3 nights in August 2007. I have nothing but complaints about this hotel, which is one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. The receptionists were rude during check-in and check-out, the room was tiny and dark, there was no view, the cleaners disregarded the &quot;do not disturb&quot; signs and the corridors seemed more like a public hospital than a 200GBP per night hotel. We upgraded to the King Size room, which was identical to the standard room, and the views equally non-existent as we were facing a wall. The only good thing about this hotel is its location, but again there is a plethora of better options in the Marble Arch area. Avoid the Cumberland. A frustrating experience.	
Aug 6 2007 	Great location solid 4 star hotel	We spent 5 nights at the Cumberland Hotel in London in July, and found the accomodations and service to be a solid European 4-star experience. The hotel has an excellent location across from Hyde Park and the Marble Arch, and it is on top of the Marble Arch underground station, so it is easy to get anywhere in Central London in no time.We rented two rooms, and while the rooms were very small, they were nicely decorated, with comfortable beds, high-quality bed linens, robes, and towels, and large flat-screen TV's. The bathrooms were very small and not very practical (no shelf space for sundries and small showers that were difficult to turn on without getting water all over the bathroom floor). The room and bathroom reminded us of cabins on a cruise ship (given their small size), except that they weren't designed as well as a cruise ship cabin relative to storage, where you are able to find a place for everything. We had to live out of our suitcases, given the lack of drawers and closet space.The fitness center is good for a European hotel, with good quality cardio equipment and some weight machines and free weights. It was never crowded. The lobby, which is decorated in a very modern style, seemed dark and wasn't really a comfortable place to just sit and relax. We tried the buffet one day, and since we tend to just eat yogurt and cereal for breakfast, it was expensive for what we had. You couldn't order off the menu, so it was the full buffet or nothing. There is a Pret-a-Manger next door, which is great for a quick, light breakfast. The service in the hotel was very good. The concierge staff were very helpful, turn-down service was provided in a timely manner, and the hotel staff did a great job at accomodating our needs without incident. Normally, we stay in a 5-star hotel in London, but with the current exchange rate and the fact we needed two rooms, we decided to try something a little less expensive. The Cumberland was a nice compromise, and I would recommend it, with the caveat that the rooms are very small, so a family of three or four needs 2 rooms.	
Aug 6 2007 	Modern comfortable and ideally located	We have just stayed at The Cumberland for 2 nights (Friday &amp; Saturday) on a room only basis.We didn’t eat here. A good inexpensive breakfast (and other meals) are available from a Wetherspoons, The Tyburn, which is situated on the next road (Edgware Road) which is a short walk from the hotel. There a plenty of restaurants and pubs which do food in the area.We had a deluxe double room which was situated on the 4th floor. The view was of an inner quadrangle. The room was large enough for us. The designer furniture and decoration are nice.There was a wardrobe, office table and chair, plasma TV, iron/trouser press, safe, tea/coffee making facilities (with biscuits), telephone and internet access (for a fee). The bathroom is also designer style with stylish Sink, WC, heated towel rail and shower/bath.The location is superb for central London. The tube (Marble Arch) is just around the corner and lots of buses/taxis available. The open top bus tours are also available nearby. Hyde Park is across the road and the busy shopping area of Oxford Street is literally around the corner.I had stayed here before on business and knew it was a good hotel and I haven’t changed my mind. If you want a modern, comfortable, ideally located and reasonably priced (not the cheapest) this is the one for you.	
Aug 6 2007 	Loved it!!!	When we checked in, we asked for the biggest room available as we were told to do from trip advisor and it definitely paid off. Our room was amazing!!Pros:Large roomDecent size bathroomGreat serviceAccomodating consiergeLocation!!Very clean!!Cons: none!	
Aug 6 2007 	Awful!	I was originally booked to stay at the Thistle in Charing Cross, but there had apparently been 'problems' with the computer system and they had over booked and sent to the Cumberland. I tried to check in at 2 and was told that the room would not be ready for 5- i questionned this and was told 'well this is a big hotel'- Brilliant!After spending 3 hours trying to past the time, i returned and checked in to find that the room was a cupboard- knowing that the rooms at the Thistle were far bigger I went to complain, and was told to wait at Guest Reception and he would come over to deal with us, instead he ignored me and dealt with staff matters, I then went to the manager to explain that i had been moved hotels, told to wait 3 hrs to check in, received a smaller room than i had booked and was not happy. The managers solution to this was to say 'Sorry about that'.......really really helpful.Altogether an awful experience....would never ever choose to stay here, one of the worst places i have every stayed, after the fancy reception area, the place looks like a glorifyed hostel.	
Aug 1 2007 	Fab hotel	We stayed at the Cumberland mid week in July. The hotel is in a fantastic location (next to Marble arch) for shopping or sightseeing, there are also plenty of good restaurants nearby and the tube station is just around the corner too. We stayed on the second floor and our room was large and spacious with two queen sized beds. All the usual facilities were there; tea/coffee making facilities, mini bar, desk, flat screen tv and climate control. Bathroom wasn't big, but it was stylish, modern and clean. There were robes and nice smellies available too. The breakfasts were excellent too. Would not hesitate to recommend this hotel for business or pleasure.	
Jul 25 2007 	Really really great!	Booked here with no prior knowledge of hotel as was going to a concert in London and just wanted somewhere central. The location is great, right by marble arch (therefore near oxford st, bond st and regent street for shopping), the tube is literally 2 mins (if that!) away.The hotel was modern and fab. The room was lovely with great molton brown toiletries. The room had a huge plasma tv and was all frosted glass and unusual art. Breakfast the next morning was also great - so much choice including ready made smoothies. I really really enjoyed my stay here and am definitely planning to return.	
Jul 24 2007 	Small but perfectly formed	We paid GBP150 on a Sunday night.The first impression of the hotel is the cavernous, super modern reception, with several works of art on display and colorful lighting. We were very impressed. Check in was simple and we were asked if we would like a bath/tub but opted for a shower.Our room was quite a walk from reception, in another building which is accessed without actually going outside. It probably couldn't have been a smaller double room but it was so well designed that we loved it. It was decorated in a very contemporary style and everything looked new and pristine. The furniture and amenities included a desk, wardrobe/closet, small flat screen TV, full length mirror, tea and coffee making facilities, hairdryer, power shower and Molton Brown products. We enjoyed cocktails in the bar which didn't seem particularly overpriced for the ambience and the service which came with them (and 'free' nuts!) Following our stay we heard great things about the Gary Rhodes restaurant and wished we'd tried it out too.Breakfast was good and included yummy smoothies alongside everything else you would expect. The breakfast room was not especially attractive, was devoid of natural lighting and the furniture seemed 'cheap' but with the good choice of food and excellent staff we were happy.The locations could not have been better for us - perfect for shopping, parks, the West End and the tube. I don't even remember any problems with noise.Staff were plentiful and very helpful.The only problem I can remember is we couldn't get the room as cool as we would have liked it.I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 20 2007 	Ask for an upgrade...	I've stayed numerous times at the Cumberland and it's quite a nice hotel. The rooms are clean, nice bathroom and the breakfast is very good. There is also a very nice fitness room in the hotel. Upon arrival I always ask for an upgrade as the booked room usually does not have breakfast included and the cheaper rate will give you a tiny room. So a small upgrade which results in a slightly higher rate will normally include breakfast and a much larger room. The hotel is also in a very nice area of town.	
Jul 20 2007 	Great location buzzy atmosphere	The Cumberland is in a fantastic location, right at the bottom of Oxford Street - Marble Arch tube station is on the corner of the hotel. We stayed with our three children, who all loved the funky lighting in the foyer. When you walk in it looks like a trendy art gallery! Breakfast was great with a huge choice ranging from pancakes, omlettes and home made smoothies. We had a room over looking Great Cumberland Place and was lovely and Quite! I had to laugh at some of the comments of guests complaining of noisy rooms - if you want a quiet location then don't book a hotel on one of the busiest streets in London!	
Jul 16 2007 	Price / Value / Location is Tops	I stay at the Cumberland whenever I am traveling to London. The price / value ratio cannot be beat. Neither can the location, which is around the corner from the Marble Arch tube station (red, central line). It’s also very easy to get a taxi here. The location is extremely convenient from every perspective – it’s across the street from the park &amp; a short, easy walk to Oxford Circus – the fast fashion shopping district &amp; home to Topshop!The rooms are cute, modern &amp; very comfortable. The size of the rooms is also quite decent for London standards. Some of the bathrooms are better than others – if you want a tub you need to request it. Sunny, well lit rooms, but nothing to view out the window. The lobby is pretty cool with statues, egg chairs, funky lighting &amp; a beautiful green tea scent that they pump in. I haven’t been to the hotel restaurants or bars in awhile, but my last opinion was that they were grossly over-priced &amp; not worth it. In you are immediately hungry, there’s a branch of Prezzo – a surprisingly good Italian chain across the street as well as a Pret a Manger on the corner. Only use the breakfast buffet if it is included with your room – it is fine, though drastically overpriced if not complimentary.The concierge service is far from great. They are not knowledgeable, though they are always friendly &amp; try to help.	
