Nov 24 2009 	Twas dandy	My husband, our one year old son, and I stayed at the Amsterdam Hotel for 5 days and it was just what we needed. I did a lot of background research on Trip Advisor and other sites in order to find a relatively affordable hotel with a kitchenette and the reviews of this hotel are perfectly accurate. Judith is incredibly helpful. We arrived very early; they have a 1 pm check-in and our plane arrived at 7:15 am, getting us to town around 9:30. I think she was none too pleased to see us so early, but immediately set about trying to accommodate us. She let us rest in a twin suite until our full-sized suite was ready - something she certainly did not have to do. It was so helpful - we were all exhausted and had a very good nap. That suite was suite 7 - two twin beds and small bed, living, and bath rooms, but would be great for a pair of friends. We eventually were put in Suite 3, a ground floor room facing the back of the building, so quiet and with plenty of room for the baby to play around. It was great for us. While the carpets and draperies should be replaced, the linens, kitchen, and bathroom were very clean and the staff were great about not disrupting if the baby was sleeping. Breakfast was fine - nothing to write home about, but fine. All the staff were very helpful and sweet. Really a perfect place to stay with a baby. Oh, and the location really was great - everything we needed was a block or two away.	
Nov 24 2009 	Highly recommend!	location - very very good! 1 min walk from earls court tube station which link to numbers of tubes. room - small but welcoming.. room was clean rating 4/5. decoration was ssimple but nice. the only down side i would say the bed was very hard n wasnt comfartable at all. the hot shower on the other hand was awesome! the water preassure was very very good.staff - was helpful at all timebreakfast - was catered in a small room downstair, the room was pretty small but didnt rwally bother us. the food was basic cereals, jmilk, uices, breads and jams.overall - locationwise? i would return if its just for short trip due to the location from the tube, but for more days i would probably look out for other options due to uncomfy bed..	
Nov 9 2009 	Good Value!	My wife and I just got back from London after spending 6 nights here.We found the hotel thru reading reviews in tripadvisor.Our expectations were met. It is true that many of the staff are non locals, but it is very seldom that we experience such friendly, helpfull and service minded staff that we did here.We booked the room thru booking.com an in the cheapest category. Even this category was nice. The room had a compact bathroom, so there was not much space to put your toiletry items, but we made it work. Otherwise the bathroom was modern and convenient.The actual hotel room was not large either, but it had a comfortable king sized bed and all in all it was set up tastefully. The best part was that the room was very quiet!Continental breakfast was included in our rate. It did not consist of many items, but got the job done. They actually had the option of pre-ordering e.g. eggs or omeletts for only 2pounds extra, but we could not be bothered to do so (We could never be sure in forehand if we would make it for breakfast or not).The location of this hotel (in it's price range) is just great. It's like 1 minute walk from the Earls Court tube station. We could get to all the major sights in no time! Other things worth mentioning: Free daily news papers, free wireless access in the rooms, two free to use computers and a printer next to the breakfast room. There we also found brochures for many of the towns attractions. In addition the notorious;) Judith and her team printed/displayed daily weather forecasts and other information sheets for the guest, which we found handy to check out before leaving to explore the town.Actually I would have given them a five if they had change the sheets even once. When we arrived I noticed that the bedsheet was clean, but had some dark stains on it. (Nothing Major, but still..) We could not be bothered to complain of such a small thing so we decided just to wait until the next day that we assumed that they would have changed them anyway, but instead they just made up the bed and didn't change the sheet even once (We stayed 6 nights) eventhough these stains were located just on top and could have not been missed by anyone. Well they didn't, so four it is.	
Oct 19 2009 	A great stay.	I stayed in a triple room with my retired parents for 4 nights at the end of September. We had a triple suite with a double bed, chairs and a refrigerator in the main area and two small beds up a small set of stairs (almost like a large ladder). It was perfect for us as I had some space to myself. The rates are great for the location and the hotel, as it is very clean and well run. The breakfast was adequate for us and included in the rate. I would like to point out that the manager Judith went over and above good service levels for us. I was sick during the stay and Judith made a doctor's appointment for me and ensured we were able to get in quickly and get there easily. I would like to thank her for all her help and kind words. We all truly appreciated what she did for me.I have stayed at other value hotels in London, but none so accomodating as the Amsterdam.	
Oct 14 2009 	Affordable suite with excellent customer service.	We stayed in two suites on two occasions. The twin suite (#7) with 2 twin beds was small but adequate although you were aware of street noise because it faced the street. The wallpaper was old but the sofa was new. The mattresses could use updating but were acceptable. The double suite (#3) we stayed in was large and very quiet as it faced the back. The suite was attractive and comfortable although the sofas, wallpaper, carpet, and mattress could use refreshing. Both suites had a refrigerator and microwave plus dishes which was very handy. Each had its own water heater so there was plenty of hot water. The best thing about this hotel was that it was kept very clean and the customer service was excellent. Also it had non-smoking suites. It had a very nice continental breakfast that was included in the room rate. There were two computers with internet and a printer that were free to use plus they had free internet available in the rooms. The hotel is very close to the Earl's Court Underground station which was very convenient. The staff was friendly and helpful and the manager went out of her way to make sure that all was well with our stay. I would definitely stay in one of these suites again if I travel to London.	
Oct 4 2009 	Integrity Service and Comfort - First Class All the Way!	Stayed five nights from Sept. 20-25, 2009. This hotel is well situated, just around the corner from the Earl's Court tube station. We had a two room suite, which included a separate bedroom and sitting area. Very spacious with lots of natural light. The bed was comfy, although the mattress could have been a bit firmer. Amenities included a microwave oven, kettle along with coffee and tea, dishes, and a small fridge. Very spacious bathroom with tub and shower. Take note: the hotel only has one very tiny lift, so be prepared to take the stairs on occasion. The head manager Judith, along with the rest of her staff, were absolute gems. Very helpful and pleasant to deal with. I mention integrity in the review title. Here's why: 1) When we checked in, Judith did not charge us the entire stay in advance, as most other hotels in the area do. 2) At the end of our stay, we ordered a minicab to London City airport for 33 pounds. Most other hotels charge between 40 to 50 pounds for the same trip, because they levy a &quot;booking fee / commission&quot; on top of the base fare. Judith does not charge this fee. These folks are a class act all the way. Judith and her staff aren't out to take advantage of travellers, like so many other hotels are. They are honest, genuine people - working to ensure that their clients have a stress free and enjoyable stay in London. Highly recommended!	
Oct 3 2009 	depends on the room you get...	I have stayed at this hotel multiple times, and I have learned that your experience at this hotel will very much depend on the room you get. The rooms range from tiny to huge...and sometimes the huge rooms are cheaper than the tiny rooms! You need to specify in advance if you want a larger room and they will usually do what they can to help. The smaller rooms are fine if you are travelling alone but they are really hard to manage with another person. The twin rooms are larger than the double rooms so if you don't mind you and your spouse sleeping separately, I recommend asking for a twin instead of a double. Some of the twins actually have two twin beds PLUS a double bed! For only 98 pounds!Pros: The price is fabulous for London, and if you get a larger room, it's really a fantastic deal. Even with a small room it's a good deal given the price of most London hotel rooms. The location is excellent. It's a 1 minute walk from Earls Court subway and a few stops away from all the good stuff...shopping, restaurants, etc. (Covent Gardens, Soho, etc.). The staff are generally very friendly and helpful. The last time we came we had just gotten off a redeye transatlantic flight and we arrived at 8am...and they did everything they could to get us into a room asap despite being fully booked. We got a room by 10am, which we were very grateful for. They also have free wireless in the room. And if you don't have laptops, there are two computers with internet access (albeit slow).Cons: The breakfast isn't great...toast, cereal, coffee, fake juice...but it's included in the already reasonable price and for very little extra you can order a hot breakfast. The biggest con for me is that some of the hotel staff smoke, and they seem to smoke somewhere in the building. When they smoke, you can smell it in the rooms. This is really annoying if you are a non-smoker. In general, I highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great hotel for the price and excellent service from the staff!	We stayed here for 3 nights during our 2009 trip to Europe. The hotel was great and the staff could not have been friendlier. They answered all of our questions and one extremely helpful lady went the extra mile and helped with laundry services.Our room was very clean and nicely appointed. We had a balcony, but it was not private. There were complimentary tea and coffee making supplies in the room. I took an international travel charger and the room had several outlets available. I used the free WiFi everyday with my iPhone to check email and email pictures. The only negative I can report was the size of the shower, but this is London. The shower was maybe 30&quot;x30&quot; but it worked with plenty of hot water. I cannot comment on the breakfast because the service started at 7a and we left every morning before it was served.The hotel was literally around the corner from the Earl's Court tube station which was very convenient. There were several restaurants on the street as well as a Starbucks.A great place to stay in London.	
Sep 9 2009	Don't ever think of staying in this hotel!	I booked a room in this hotel at the beginning of this year for the month of May, but lost afterwards all the messages I had in my Inbox. I therefore sent an email to the hotel asking them to send me all the details of my booking as I had made different bookings at the same time and did not remember all the details. No answer to my message ! As they did not answer I changed my plans and cancelled the trip. In spite of everything they have charged me for the first night of my non-&quot;stay&quot; in the hotel. I sent them a new message asking them to release the amount, of course, with no answer or reimbursement of the amount from their part. I think this kind of behaviour cannot be tolerated by anyone as they exist as long as we pay them and in order to pay them they have to render high quality services and this begins with answering emails from existing or would-be customers.	
Sep 3 2009 	Excellent hotel for a short stay:value for moeyvery good locationcleancomfortable and friendly.	Situated just round the corner from Earls Court tube station in a very smart and quiet road the Hotel Amsterdam provides the perfect stop for a short stay in London. The staff are friendly and the continental breakfast is very good,it is a long time since I have had really hot toast so quickly provided. The rooms are clean and comfortable. Some will say they are small but for a short stay they are all that you need. We will be going again.	
Aug 11 2009 	Fabulous hotel with just a few minor problems	The Amsterdam Hotel is beautiful, the staff is friendly and helpful, and the suite that I stayed in (#10) was spacious and couldn't possibly be cleaner. There are only three relatively small things that made it less than perfect, and I have waited this long to write a review because I really didn't want to say anything the least bit bad about them because otherwise they are so very nice. Here it is - I'll get the three smallish things out of the way then will go on to the good stuff. 1) As someone else mentioned, there was regularly an awful smell of cigarette smoke that came into the room from the hallway. I could not stop the smoke, even with a towel under the door. I called downstairs to ask what the deal was - it was a nonsmoking hotel. They said sometimes people smoked in the hallways, they couldn't do anything about it. I really have a problem with cigarette smoke so that was not good.2) The door bolt didn't work. The door did lock, but I felt somewhat vulnerable without a bolt.3) The bed was extremely hard. That works for some people, but not for me.There. Those are the ONLY bad things. Other than those, the place was fantastic. The suite had a nice kitchenette with toaster, refrigerator, hot water maker, microwave, cutlery and cups/dishes provided. They provided sugar, tea and instant coffee as well. The living area was large, the lift was hilariously small but did fit me and my suitcase (there's a grate that you close manually, and you see the wall going by as you go from floor to floor), the bathtub was fantastic. There is also a shower.The room had its own hot water heater so there was an ample supply, and the water heater closet was somewhat warm so a perfect place to hang dry some of my hand-washed items.And the cleanliness -- I don't think I've ever seen such a squeaky clean hotel room and bathroom. Absolutely could not possibly have been cleaner. There are two computers with a printer and high speed internet available in the basement. Very convenient for printing boarding passes, directions or what not. I'm not sure if there is wifi in the rooms because I couldn't be bothered to bring my laptop.The hotel is right around the corner from Earls Court tube station, which has a lift. The Piccadilly, Circle and District lines all go through Earls Court, so you can get anywhere in London quickly and easily. And if one line is down, one of the others is working. You can take your luggage on the lift down to the underground and zip directly to Heathrow very easily on the Piccadilly line - it goes directly into the terminal. Also, there is a Marks &amp; Spencer, Starbucks, several chemist shops, Wagamama, Sainsbury and post office very close to the hotel. Extremely convenient!	
Aug 5 2009 	Small hotel with a big heart	We stayed in a family room. Bathroom was rather small but otherwise a very comfortable room with all amenities.Very close to underground but it is so quite you would not notice. Excellent breakfast. Extremely well located to travel both around and out of London. The hotel staff left an unanounced birthday cake on new year's eve (my wife's birthday), which was an extremely nice and unexpected gesture. Had a slight mishap with credit card but staff was very helpful. This small hotel is surronded by takeaways etc so you have a choice of food. I came to London several times but this is the best I have stayed in so far.	
Aug 3 2009 	Good Value for Money	This hotel is in a good location - close to Earls Court Tube station. We stayed in a flat, which was really roomy with a kitchen, bathroom and living room area. It was clean and comfortable. Breakfast wasn't great but I think they were short staffed. We would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 2 2009 	Incredible Service/Accommodations With A Smile and Much More!	An incredible hotel in London that exceed all expectations beyond my wilest imagination. Below a description of some of wonderful experiences my wife and I encountered. My wife and I are seasoned international travelers for the past 13 years. Never before have we witnessed such excellent services abroad while on a budget when recently visiting London. We were very conscience that London hotels in Central London are either very expensive and/or somewhat difficult to have everything you need in terms of economy pricing along with clean rooms with quality service that go beyond a smile and a handshake. In booking our rooms in Central London, we read the reviews in TripAdvisor.Com with much interest. Over 1150 hotels were given to me in my price range. The reviews for each hotel were very contrasting from terrible service/accommodations to awkward location to expensive rates and lacking in quality service. The Amsterdam Hotel not only was rated at about 110 out of 1150+ reviews. But clearly exceeded all positive reviews published on-line in every category! What a convenience to be located on the Piccadilly underground line directly between Heathrow Airport and Central London when arriving at night with only a simple 2 minute walk to the hotel from the train station at Earl's Court. London taxi's are very expensive and at no point did we ever have to use a taxi regardless of where it was in London with no more than one subway transfer. At midnight after just checking in, the night clerk could not figure out how to attend the London Temple the next morning in Surrey, a rather complicated trip of over 40 miles without subway connections. A taxi would have cost us 75 Sterling Pounds just one-way! But the general manager was notified at midnight of our difficulty and immediately joined us in figuring out how to combine the London subway system with The British National Railway system at a rather modest cost and even outlined our first day's sight-seeing excursion in a rather coherent manner for Central London. Every time we had a problem, she is the supreme problem-solver that every hotel should have. For example, the latest Harry Potter had just come out and we wanted to see it. She figured out where the theatres were (only three in London) and recommended we see it in Wimbledon where there was a iMax theatre for more spectacular video and audio showing. And with the subway system, we could get there in less than 20 minutes at no cost because we had a unlimited three-day underground pass.Rooms are modest in size but exceptionally well kept. Clean linens are given daily. Continental breakfast is far more than one serving. You get multiple servings of fruit, juices, choice of cereals, toast, coffee/tea and pastry plus you have the option of a hot breakfast for only 2 pounds more. My wife and I ordered eggs and pancakes prepared to our preferences and ate like royalty for 4 pounds each along with our generous continental breakfast. When we had to leave at 5:15 a.m. for Heathrow Airport, they even packed a super breakfast with sandwiches, juice, yogurt and more the night before so we would have something to eat in absence of our missed continental breakfast. Their service desk is staffed 24/7 which is great when you need advise, wakeup calls. etc. after hours. Having free wireless Internet service in our room was a complete surprise when I checked-in and used well by me. There are even computers in the basement that connect to their wireless Internet service and one of them prints out for you at no charge. And all with no charges for these valuable services, it is amazing and very convenient in a city that is the most expensive city in Europe to stay in and get such repeated excellent services free is an amazement to me, an experienced international traveler.Thank you for the opportunity to share my positive experiences at London's Amsterdam Hotel at Earl's Court.Till next time,John Kuzmich, JrGolden, ColoradoP.S. Location is perfect for modest restaurants and only two minutes from a good underground subway station for the District and Piccadilly Lines.	
Jul 15 2009 	The perfect little place to stay.	We had a suite-combo living room, kitchen bedroom bath and balcony with table and chairs. How exquisite. Nothing fancy but definitely comfortable. The bedroom had to put one of suitcases on extra bed to open it up but that is so minor compared to the comfort and the way we were treated. Carried our bags up for us ( no lift), the concierge Judy so delightful and helpful and this was during a tube strike. The tube is just around the corner. The continental breakfast was excellent fresh croisants, rolls, toast, cereal, fruit, yogurt, juice and more. Along with a very pleasant serving staff. Felt right at home.	
Jul 5 2009 	Excellent exept for a few details	This a good hotel. It's conveniently located very close to the Earl's Court underground station, and at the same time you never hear the trains.We had a double room on the ground floor. The room was spacious enough, with sitting space, and nicely decorated all in white/neutral colours. It also had a direct access to a lovely backyard. The bathroom was fabulous: large, new, tiled, with a good showers, and perfectly clean. In the morning we could hear people talking at the entrance and at the reception desk, but this was a minor problem. The problem was the bed: short, narrow, with an uncomfortable mattress.Said that, all the rest was ok: staff, breakfast, wi-fi, value for money.I read other reviews where people complain about the owner, but I talked to her and she was friendly and helpful with me.	
Jul 3 2009 	Fantastic 4 nights	We spent 4 nights in this hotel in June 2009. We arrived the hotel in the morning, but it wasn't a problem to leave our luggages there until we can get our room. The staff was really nice during our 4 days, and the room was more than expected. It was very clean and modern. The hotel has a good location, the Earl's Court tube station (zone 1) is only 1 minute walk.They have internet access and wi-fi in the hotel. The breakfast is continental.We recommend the hotel for everyone. It's a nice hotel with nice staff, good price and location. Next time we travel to London, I definitely will stay here.A family from Hungary	
Jul 3 2009 	A real pleasure - just perfect	The Amsterdam Hotel is, as many have said here, a delightful surprise. I have stayed in many London hotels and rarely have I found one as clean (THE top priority for me), friendly and accommodating. My room was handy for the garden and, since it was a sunny day, I was able to take my cup of tea and sit under the shade of the trees, working on my laptop. Shower, bed, TV, kettle etc all perfect. Will certainly try to stay next time I'm in London.	
Jun 21 2009 	Great value	We stayed in suite 7 and found it clean and very comfortable. The only disappointment was the chairs in the lounge - the springs were broken and the seats were very uncomfortable. The staff were very friendly and the breakfast room staff equally friendly and efficient. The breakfast was adequate and we never had to wait for a table. The location to the tube and the buses was perfect as well access to restaurants and shops. I will definately stay there again as our stay was very pleasant.	
Jun 14 2009 	Good Value For Money Hotel By London Standards	Chose the Amsterdam Hotel after reading reviews on Tripadvisor, as required a hotel at a reasonable price that was in close proximity to the Chelsea Flower Show and were not disappointed. Having arrived at Heathrow, it was a simple matter of just catching the Tube, as the hotel is ideally situated on the Picadilly line, hence did not necessitate any train changes. The room was of a good size, nicely furnished and was extremely clean with the only issue being at times the water pressure (toilet / shower) was intermittantly lacking but was not a major concern. All staff were very friendly and helpful.A continental breakfast was provided which was basic but adequate, with the option to request a cooked breakfast the night before, if so desired (Note: Breakfast room is on the small side and at times there was a slight wait, although hotel was totally booked out at time of our visit). Hotel also offers free internet service with printer access which was quite beneficial.All in all, the Amsterdam Hotel offers good value for money and would certainly stay there when next visiting London.	
Jun 10 2009 	fascinated	We enjoyed our stay very much and are due to stay again this weekend. I was fascinated that both of the bad reviewers didn't even stay at the Hotel!!!!	
May 31 2009 	Good location big rooms reasonable price...But not perfect.	While the Amsterdam Hotel is not in an ideal neighborhood for tourists visiting London, there's not a lot to see in Earl's Court aside from a couple decent bars in the immediate area...It's location puts it at literally a minute's walk to the Earl's Court Tube Station, so using Hotel Amsterdam as a &quot;base&quot; for exploring London via the Underground is perfect.The hotel staff is pleasant enough, though I have to question their general competancy as the desk person had no idea how their laundry service worked, and could not for the life of him manage to connect an inbound call to my room...And the clerk who checked me out wound up missing the phone charges on the first attempt at billing (BTW, make sure you have them bill you in Pounds and not dollars to avoid losing money on the coversion rate).The &quot;rooms&quot; are actually suites that have an apartment like feel to them, my suite had a bedroom, bathroom, and little kitchen with a sink and a mini-fridge that I stocked up from the local Tesco down the block. It's quite spacious and the windows look out onto the street. The cleaning staff do a very thorough job of keeping the rooms clean, though their insistence on getting into the room to clean it, even if you're dead tired and sleeping off a hangover is a bit of a nuisance. :)The Internet access speeds are decent via the hotel's wireless service, but I found it a bit of a nuisance that I was continuously prompted to authenticate by their proxy server. The only real complaints I have about the Hotel Amsterdam are related to the plumbing and telephones...The hotel apparently doesn't have sufficient water pressure to all the rooms, so they've installed a pump that kicks in whenever you turn the water on...This pump is fairly quiet, but can be heard distinctly from anywhere in the suite...To compound this, I found that the toilet needed to be &quot;primed&quot; before it would flush...Basically I had to repeatedly push the handle down until enough pressure had been built up to allow a proper flush...Very weird experience for me. And lastly there was a phantom water puddle that would appear in the bathroom after I took a shower or used the sink for any length of time...This wasn't a matter of me spilling water, as it would appear, as if by magic, about 30 minutes after I was done and out of the room. I can only conclude that there was a leak in the connection between the pump used to provide pressure and the room's water heater, and that as the heater tank was refilled, the water would seep up through the floor...This would explain the slight smell of mildew I encountered when entering the stairwell up to the room. i dealt with the issue by using one of the towels the cleaning staff provide each morning (they're VERY generous with towels which is a big plus) to be on permanent mop-up duty during my stay, and it really had no major impact on my opinion of the room.The telephones won't be an issue for anyone with a GSM phone who's bought a local SIM card, or who has International Roaming enabled through their service provider, but it was a pain for me...The call quality was terrible. The big problem was a great deal of background hiss on the line, which was probably a problem with the handset itself, as playing with the wires yeilded varying degrees of enhanced clarity.The complimentary breakfasts are nice, if a bit spartan (croissant, toast, yogurt, milk, and juice), and you'll need to fight for space at a table in dinig room, as they fill up fairly quickly. The hotel also gives you complimentary access to a printer attached to one of their two guest computers, but you may find yourself waiting to get access.All in all, this was an interesting hotel, it would be ideal for business travelers on a medium length trip, a small family traveling on a budget, a group of travelers who don't mind sharing accomodations and splitting the bill, but it's probably not ideal for single travelers looking for a place to crash (too big and expensive) or a couple looking for a bit of romance (service is lacking and the location isn't ideal). As I said, the hotel staff seem a bit iffy to me, they were pleasant and helpful, they just didn't seem well trained or fully interested in their work.All that having been said, I would recommend the Hotel Amsterdam to anyone looking for a fairly comfortable room on a budget in London. The location, space provided, and cleanliness of the rooms all combine to make it a good value in spite of the odd shortcomings.	
May 11 2009 	Good hotel reasonable price by London standards	Good location, literally one minute walk from Earl's Court Underground station, reasonably priced by London standards (£84 for a single room), friendly staff, room very tight but very clean and well maintained, couldn't get breakfast as the breakfast room was full, overall a good hotel	
Apr 5 2009 	Well located but a tight fit	Straight from Heathrow to Earls Court by train. Booked over internet. Generally Good service. Room not ready on arrival. Internet access with free printing - great! Simple but good breakfast. The room was small. One bed we had to climb up over the end because the bed went from wall to wall. Great eating places around the hotel. This was the cheapest of all the hotels in this area. Would use again if I had a tight budget.	
Mar 27 2009 	We really loved it!	My son and I stayed at The Amsterdam Hotel n the middle of February for 11 days. It was definately value for money. We found the studio apartment to be spotless and the staff friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the breakfast, it was good start to the day. The location is excellent and I agree, the tube station is alot closer than it looks on the map and it's so easy to get around. Earls Court is a lovely area with many restaurants. Judi was a big help to us and I would recommend this hotel and would stay there myself again if I'm lucky enough to visit London again.	
Mar 25 2009 	Perfect place to lay your head	We arrived at Amsterdam hotel Sat. March 21 at 10 am, left our bags with the front desk and we were off to see a little of London. Arrived back at hotel 4 pm and the staff had our bags in our rooms. Triple room was on the first floor and single on second floor. Being a senior and my room on the second floor my only problem, as others have stated, is the stairs but the elevator is roomy enough for three. The triple, #5, was quite roomy with two double beds arranged almost like two separate rooms. Bath had bath and shower and overlooked garden. My room, #12, had a double bed and shower in bath and overlooked Trebovir Rd. Both rooms were spotless and were kept that way during our week at the hotel. We didn't partake of the continental breakfast so cannot comment. Staff and the owner were very helpful. Except for a glitch we both had with the televisions on the first day, everything was great. Earls Court tube station right around corner just past Micky Ds(hot coffee) and Somerfield store(fresh breakfast rolls). With breakfast in hand we were on our way each morning to a new adventure. Would definately stay at Amsterdam Hotel again.	
Mar 17 2009 	Really friendly helpful staff and great location	Stayed here for one night for a visit to Hammersmith Apollo. Clean and well appointed rooms were all I expected and the staff could not have been more helpful and friendly. The continental breakfast was adequate, although the optional breakfast at extra an charge did not offer sausage or bacon. But that small gripe aside, omelette and baked beans was fine by me. The location was really close to the underground station, closer than it appeared on the maps, literally just round the corner in fact, a real plus.Slept like a baby all night with no external noise distraction. Really good place for a short stay in the capital.	
Feb 16 2009 	Awful arrogant place	Well finally it seems this place has been discovered for what it really is. I am getting married in 7 weeks and booked 2 rooms for friends visiting from afar. I arranged this with a member of staff over the phone, emailed and received a response email from a member of staff. When I had not heard from the hotel, I phoned, only to be told that they have no record of my booking.The lady I spoke to, told me she was the manager had no apologies for the mixup, she didn't care on the importance of the day and that my friends were looked after. She told me that my emails (3 of them) were not received. I work in I.T. and my job depends email funcion, she was lying to me and she didn't even offer to check. She told me that she had to give her staff the benefit of the doubt, what ever happened to the customer is always right? She then told me that the same weekend was an exhibition at Earls Court and basically intimated that they weren't in need of my business, after which she told me that they were refusing my booking as I was obviously upset and my stay wouldn't be a happy one. What a horrible arrogant place and I would beg people to go somewhere more professional to spend their money.. this place doesn't deserve the business and the only reason they get it is because of trip advisor. Go to the Premier Inn if you want value for money.	
Feb 10 2009 	Shocking	After reading many positive reviews I was shocked by my experience.I tried to book directly on the hotel's website, it was asking for private data (name, address, credit card details etc) without the use of an 'https' page. An https is important because it means your data is secure (to some extent) throughout a transaction. Anyway, I decided that because they did not use https it would be safer to call up and book over the phone (little did I know...)On my first call I spoke to a foriegn person who could not speak English very well at all, it was completely broken with lots of pauses, erm's and ahh's. I could not understand what he was saying and he seemed to struggle understanding basic words - it was the kind of English I would expect at a foreign hotel! Anyway, I decided it would be easier to email the chap withmy details, he asked that I send my credit card number via email to confirm the booking and I thought this might be a bit dodgy but should be OK so I did it anyway (stupidly). In my email I asked him to call or email me to confirm recipt as it contained card information. I recieved no reply that day so the next day I decided to call and find out whether the booking was confirmed. This time a lady answered the phone and her english was worst then the guy from the previous day (what a joke!)I this made it very very difficult to communicate my issue to them. She asked me to email them again and that she would check the email straight away and reply to confirm. So I emailed and again no reply, I waited an 2 hours and no reply so I called them back. The staff member then proceeded to tell me she was very busy while huffing and grunting down the phone to me and told me she could not check my email had come through or confirm whether they had booked a room for me. I insisted and then she rudely made more noises down the phone and went to check. On return she had found the second email and not the first - however both emails were sent to exactly the same email address (alarm bells started ringing in my head). I asked whether they could search for the first email again then it sounded like another reception member (this time english speaking) snatched the phone from the initial member of staff.The new staff member was very abrupt, rude and not willing to help, she said they had not recieved the first email and asked me why I had sent my card number via email to them, when I replied that a staff membr instructed me to she did not have much to stay. I decided I had wasted enough time trying to book this 'mickey-mouse' organisation's hotel and told the lady on the phone to cancel any reservation etc. She was again very rude and did not once apologise or offer to investigate. If she had, I would have booked....So my advice - be very careful about this place, no one seems to speak proper english and if they do, they are very rude and I would definately not trust them with card details. I cancelled the card straight away!	
Feb 4 2009 	Excellent Location Geat Value	We stayed for 3 weeks with our two children (10 &amp; 14) along for the ride. Only 2 minutes from the tube and we even managed to get there from the Heathrow with all our luggage. The location of the hotel was excellent and the tube is one of the best transport networks in the world. The accomodation was fine, lots of stairs but there is a small lift for when you run out of steam. If you think you will gets lots of space anywhere in London, you are kidding yourself. The price was right, the owner Judy was very easy to deal with. Breakfast each morning was a good start to the day. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good, safe and central location in London.	
Jan 28 2009 	OK for location and service	OK! for 4 nights I stayed with my family (3p) in this hotel.Perfect location, very close to Earl's court tube (district line, circle line, piccadiliy line).My &quot;family room&quot; was clean and confortable (not so great but it is normal); bathroom is a bit small)Hotel's personnel available to help usBreakfast continental &quot;able&quot; to give us the strong for a walking day.Hotel supplies a free wifi connection in each room (in my family room it was)** Enrico, from Rome Italy	
Jan 27 2009 	Pleasant Stay	As a single female traveller, after researching many London hotels, I chose the Amsterdam Hotel based on the good reviews, location and ultimately, the very good price.Access to the hotel from Heathrow is very easy. It's about a 45min Tube ride in on the Piccadilly line which is the cheapest option if you can handle all your baggage. Arrival at Earl's Court Station is easy as well since there's a lift to street level and the hotel is 2-5min walk away.Checking in was easy and I was giving a single room. The room is absolutely spotless, including the bedding and small bathroom. The room is fairly small, but as a solo traveller, it was good enough especially considering the price I paid. There was enough space to spread out my suitcase and a place to hang my clothes. In addition to the things needed to make coffee or tea, the desk also had a couple of magazines, like a included National Geographic which was a pleasant surprise. There are only a few tv channels available, which was fine for me. But I do wish there was a clock radio in the room for I prefer to listen to the radio and also had to rely on my travel alarm clock for time. I found the two free computers with internet access and printer, in the lower level very convenient and was a plus when booking the hotel. The bathroom in my room was very small, and as expected from others' reviews, taking a shower will make the entire floor wet. It's not the best set up for a bathroom, but I used towels (replaced daily) to protect the doorway and it was fine.Breakfast was served from 730am to 930am. Continental style is free with your stay or you can pay a bit more for a hot breakfast. I didn't go with the latter because I was satisfied with the various cereals, toast, croissant and muffins available. And there was juice and tea or coffee too. In the neighbourhood there are lots of restaurants that can be used for takeaway and grocery shops as well.I felt the reviews on TripAdvisor provided an honest account of what to expect with Amsterdam Hotel and I was very satisfied with my stay for the price I paid. I would definetly recommend this hotel to others who are looking for a comfortable stay in a good location.	
Jan 27 2009 	Great Little Place	This is a great little place to stay in London, and is not ridiculously expensive either. In fact, the price of the hotel is fantastic, when you consider it is more or less in central london and the hotel is also a very good 3 star.The hotel itself is located just round the corner from Earls Court tube station, which gives easy access to all the great sites in London. Hotel is pleasant, with friendly staff and the room we stayed in was also very plesant. Very spacious and very modern, with a great view off the area from the balcony. At the time we were there, there was some renovation work going on but noise was unheard of as it was quiet the whole of our stay, which was good. The area around the hotel is busy (but not noisy...) with lots of shops and restaurants to choose from, which is ideal if you want to avoid the expensiveness of central london.Overall we really liked this hotel, and would defnitely return again to it in the future.	
Jan 19 2009	Amsterdam	Location of the Amsterdam Hotel is second to none in terms of proximity to tube, and access from Heathrow and to amenities of London. Hotel is spotless, the included continental breakfast will get you started for the day, staff very friendly and helpful, bathrooms well supplied with towels. Have stayed here twice so far, and would definitely stay again. Have had two different types of room, a triple with reasonable sized bathroom, and a single which had a small double bed and a tiny bathroom. Rates good for location and convenience. Free internet access with printer very handy. The building is oldish but very well maintained. Plenty of places to eat close by, and a few pubs too. Have tried the Nandos and Gourmet burger Kitchen, both good. M&amp;S food place and Boots nearby also. Not too far to walk to museums.	
Jan 19 2009 	Couldnt have wished for a better place to stay!	We arrived at the hotel and the check-in process was so quick, we were given our room key and all the details about breakfast, internet (its free, downstairs in the basement), etc. I have to say that the elevator is so tiny but cute and both my fiance and I and two suitcases did manage to squeeze into it.Our room was on the top floor, and it was magnificent and very spacious, we truely couldnt have wished for a better place to stay in London.We had two double beds, our ensuite, a tv and a lovely view of the rooftops of Earls Court.Earl's Court is a lovely suburb with a quite small town appealI.I would definately recommend this hotel (which is in fact a bugdet hotel) to anyone and everyone. We stayed during September for 2 nights and paid around 70pounds per night for a double room, which we thought was a steal.	
Jan 16 2009 	Great place!	We were staying at this hotel in January of this year for 3 nights.This hotel is realy excellent! Everything was excellent, quality of service, room, cleanliness etc.Especially cleanlines was spot on! Room was not very big but it had everything you could need(plasma tv and a coffee maker..) and was nicely decorated. Our room(NR. 7) had a huge tarrace(where, if the weather is fine, you could enjoy your thee or breakfast...).Location of hotel is very good(2 minutes walk to Earls Cort tube station and trains).If you are coming from Gatwick its about 4 stops from Victoria tube station(thats about 10 minutes). Proximity to the tube makes it very easy to go sightseeing! Area is also very good, with plenty of shops and restaurants and is safe to walk around. Especialy if you realise how expensive other hotels can be in London, then is this hotel realy extreme good value! We would absolutely recommend this hotel and we cant wait to come back to London and stay at this hotel again.Thank you Amsterdam Hotel!	
Nov 27 2008 	Morst luxurious budget hotel in London	I read about the Amsterdam hotel on Tripadvisor and thought I would give it a try. All I can say is wow!! I was not disapointed. Everything in the room was spotless, had a great nights sleep in the really comfortable bed and the continental breakfast was excellent, Would reccomend this hotel to anyone traveling to London.	
Nov 20 2008 	What a treasure!	I booked this because of the reviews on Tripadvisor and I wasn't disappointed. It was an absolute treasure. The room was immaculately clean, just the way I like it and location is fantastic, just around the corner from Earls Court Station so you can get to Heathrow very quickly. Free internet was a great service and Judy was so helpful, she was just great. My friends also stayed and their room was just as clean, just slightly smaller but had a step out balcony. Only downside I could see was the lack of ventilation in the bathroom and the shower curtain not quite reaching the floor so it got a little wet and slippery. I probably wouldn't stay in summer as it doesn't have A/C. Leaving windows open would be no probs though, not very noisy.	
Nov 15 2008 	Vey Nice hotel - Quiet and Accessible	I stayed at the Amsterdam London hotel for five days during early November 2008. My room was a single room on the second floor. The hotel is a very good budget hotel, quiet and accessible to the underground (one minute walk to the Earl’s Court station on the Piccadilly line. The Piccadilly line is connected directly to the airport and to downtown). The hotel is recommended as a base for touring London. There is a large Tesco supermarket ten minutes walk and plenty of restaurants and shops along the adjacent Earl’s Court Road.The breakfast room is very clean (as is the entire hotel), and the continental breakfast with cereals and canned fruit is more than adequate. The staff is extremely helpful and courteous at the reception and the breakfast room. There are only 28 rooms at the hotel so there is not much traffic and the service is personal. There are two internet-enabled computers and a printer in the lower floor which are free for use.Although the hotel has been refurbished it is still an old building and therefore some minor maintenance is occasionally required. The water pressure in the shower is low as mentioned in a previous review. My room lacked a dresser or closet so I was essentially living out of my suitcase, but this is not a problem as everyday I left the hotel early in the morning and came back at night. The bed was very comfortable and I slept well. There is a small TV screen with the basic channels so you can see the news or a movie before going to sleep.Overall I felt at home, and had a very nice stay. The price is right for what you get.	
Nov 8 2008 	Very good value for money for London	The location is quite good (Earls Court, close to the most excellent Balans), the room we were given quite spacious especially for London and for £124,-. Some non-English native staff was quite hard to understand... but all in all I definitively recommend this hotel.	
Oct 26 2008 	Nice budget hotel	Amsterdam hotel is a very good budget hotel for travellers who need a tidy place for a rest and washing. The level of the rooms vary; our family room was not the &quot;highest quality&quot;, but there was enough room for us (4), beds were ok and the room was tidy. The location next to the Earl's Court tube station is excellent and the Earls Court Road is full of restaurants, shops, pubs etc. If you need a peaceful and proper place to stay in London, but you are not willing to pay for high quality walls, this is just a hotel for you!	
Oct 23 2008 	High expectations	So many nice words have been said about this hotel. Our opinion is based on a four nights stay in two quite different room from each other. The other was refurnished and modern, the other not in so perfect condition. Room rate was the same for both of the rooms. The rooms had some problems with the bathroom. Breakfast was boring - more than the toast and marmelade still.Okay, but not great experience for our group of four.	
Oct 9 2008 	Lovely stay	With just a 2 minute walk to Paddington station, this hotel is very convenient for both leisure and business. You can notice the cleanliness from the moment you walk in to reception. Beautifully decorated both inside and outside the hotel. Lovely rooms that make you feel right at home. The bathroom is in excellent condition. A pleasant stay and will defiantly be back again. The price is amazing for the good service and the overall excellence of the hotel. I would recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 2 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	This Hotel was pleasant from the moment we arrived untill we left.Rooms was small however very adequate Exceptionly Clean in fact i would say spotless.Breakfast was ok however was dissapointed with the porridge.1 Minute from Earls Court station and the staff where very pleasent. Lovely touches like Free Newspapers and Tourist information.Would Stay again	
Sep 9 2008 	A great little find!	This was my first time in Europe and after 4 great nights in Edinburgh (See Clarendon Hotel Review) i headed down to London for 3 nights. A friend of mine who lives locally had arranged to show me around so i booked a double room so that he wouldnt have to commute back and forth.We arrived at the hotel and a middle aged woman (I'm guessing Judy?) said to me the room wasn't ready but they'd hold my bag whilst we had lunch (It was 12pm and check in wasn't until 1pm) So off we went and an hour later came back. We had a room on the 3rd floor (Room 18) with 2 double beds and it was much more upmarket than i expected! Especially for the price! Beds were very comfortable and of good quality, The floors were wooden and it looked like the room had been renovated maybe a couple of years ago. I suspect though our neighbours might have been able to hear us walking on the floor but then again i never heard anyone above me on the 4th floor! Decent size tv with free to air and a few cable channels (About 12 all up)The bathroom had a bottle of Gilchrist and Soames SHampoo and Body gel and the soaps were Gilchrist and SOames too, The hotel had a beautiful little garden/backyard and a computer room that could be accessed 24 hours for the use of all guests for free (Next to the laundry in the basement) I really felt like i was staying in a local home it was great! The stairs are a little steep though so be prepared you'll get fit walking up and down them! I did notice too that yes some areas do smell of smoke, i'm guessing smoking rooms must be on the 2nd and 3rd floors! The rooms are all key operated so just remeber to lock them before you go out as the door doesnt lock manually! I nearly got caught out doing that a couple of times (Silly me)The lift is very old and as people say it's one of those manual ones you have to literally pull the doors closed yourself. Kind of gave the place more charm!The reception is 24 hours and all staff i came across were pleasant, Couple of Indian guys and Judy.The area of Earls Court felt very safe and there are numerous pubs, restaurants and chains (KFC etc) nearby for eating! The tube is literally 2 mins walk away! I'd be very happy to stay here again! I highly recommend it to any first timers!	
Aug 26 2008	Three argies in London	I stayed at the Amsterdam for 19 days with my two teenage children, and all I've got to say about it is good. From the begining, I booked my room directly by e-mail, and I always had a kind and quick answer to my questions. We arrived early in the morning and we could leave our luggage in the hotel until the check in hour, and when we return, the suitcases were already in our room. The manager, Judi, help us with our notebook to connect us to the wi fi, and she spent more than an hour trying to find how to do it (and she did it, of course). She was always very helpful although our language problems (we don't speak english very well). I have to mention the young man who stays at the evenings, whose name I don't know, but I want to thank him because he always had a kind word to us, and he made us feel a little &quot;at home&quot;. The room was excellent, it was a little hot because we had some really hot days, but as soon as I ask for a fan they gave it to us, and we could sleep very well. The continental breakfast was excellent, the cleanless of the room was spotless (all the room was decorated in a cream-colour, even the floor), the wi fi was always perfect, even when we were in the fourth floor, and we spent 20 great days there.The only two tiny things were the bathroom and the elevator, but I already knew it since I have read the reviews at Trip advisor, and I really didn't care about it.The neighbourhood (Earl's Court) is great, there is a lot of restaurants, fast foods, supermarkets, and the tube station so near that we didn't have any problem to move to anywhere.I recommend this hotel to anyone, it is great and in good price to be in London	
Aug 26 2008 	A pleasure to stay here	We stayed in the Amsterdam Hotel for 5 nights in July and had a wonderful stay. The hotel is in an excellent spot just 2mins walk to Earls Court tube station and really good value for a hotel in central London. Plenty of good restaurants and pubs all within walking distance from hotel.Our room was very clean and bright and the staff were very helpful. Judi on the reception desk is lovely always had a smile on her face and was so helpful with information we needed to know.Will definitely return some day and have recommened it to all our friends.	
Aug 2 2008 	Great experience!	My wife and I stayed at the Amsterdam Hotel for 9 nights from 17 July to 26 July 2008. We had booked a suite which was on the third floor (with tiny but efficient lift) and consisted of a living room with kitchenette (equipped with fridge, microwave oven, cutlery, kettle, plates and basic utensils, but no cooking range), sofa, TV, little table and armchair; a bedroom with queen size bed and cabinet with plenty of hangers; a small entrance and a very reasonably sized bathroom (unfortunately with the usual 2 separate faucets in the sink for which you have the option of either freezing or burning yourself). The only thing we didn't like too much was the fact that the shower's water pressure was a bit on the low side. The flat was in immaculate conditions, spacious, clean, serviced regularly every day, and quiet, with free wireless internet connection and telephone. Breakfast consisted of croissant, tea/coffee, fruit juice, cereals, yogurt, toasts, marmalade/butter, and fruit (always grapefruit). Although not very varied, it was adequate and for a reasonable extra one could ask for eggs etc.Staff were consistently friendly and very helpful, the lobby was full of newspapers and free information on things to do. There were also a couple of PC's in the basement for those without laptop.The location is outstanding, just 1 minute walk from Earl's Court tube station which is serviced by the District and Piccadilly lines (the latter takes you to Heathrow airport in about 30 minutes). The surrounding area is full of grocery shops and reasonably priced restaurants of good quality.All this came for a price of 110 pounds per day (they didn't even charge us for the phone calls we made). Overall exceptional value for money, certainly we will return. Recommended by all means.	
Aug 1 2008 	Good location clean but shower could use some help	We stayed at the Amsterdam Hotel in the beginning of June, the first stop on a 12 day trip. We arrived early at the hotel, around 9 am, and the hotel staff accommodated the storage of our luggage until our room was ready. The room: The room was small, but very clean and well furbished. the bathroom was a bit small, but you will get used to that in Europe unless you constantly stay at the Marriott or want to pay heaps of money for your space. My one complaint about the otherwise nice bathroom was the tiny shower with the nearly useless shower curtain. Every time you showered, you could not help but flood the bathroom floor as the shower curtain leaves about 5 inches of space in between itself and the bottom of the shower. Each time we showered we had to mop up the puddles with towels to avoid slipping on the floor and the otherwise uncomfortable feeling of a constantly wet floor. Not a deal breaker, but that could have been better. Major pro of the hotel was the convenient computers downstairs complete with printers so you could print boarding passes, directions, etc. I'm not sure if I'd stay here again, as we did pay a pretty penny and I don't feel like it's a must-stay. Although most of the staff was pleasant enough, we did have some problems with the efficiency of the check out process and the hotel was insistent on not getting us extra towels to mop up our shower puddles.	
Jul 18 2008 	Great location but our room was too noisy	Hotel room size was typical size for London rooms, small but not tiny. Bathroom was modern and good size. We had a room overlooking the street. As there is no airconditioning we had to open the balcony doors for air but this meant that we experienced noise from the street and felt slightly unsafe as occupants of adjoining hotel rooms (who share the same common balcony) could enter our room if they were that way inclined! Location of hotel was great, very close to Earls Court tube station. Tube station is also on the same line to Heathrow however we found this line to be unreliable when we were there, we experienced delays of over 40 minutes and were close to missing our flight.	
Jul 12 2008 	Good location	We stayed two nights at this hotel. The location was great, being a few minutes walk from the Earl's Court tube. There were many places to eat nearby, and it was easy to either walk or catch the tube to tourist sites. The room in which we stayed was quiet and clean, though small. The bathroom was tiny by international standards. Older travellers may find it the stairs hard to climb if they are more than one floor up and unfit. There is a lift which can be used however (though it is very small).	
Jun 23 2008 	Just as the reviews promised	This hotel was chosen after much research because of the positive reviews and we were not disappointed. I have a girl and boy, ages 11 and 14, and had asked if there was any way we could be accommodated. We were given a huge room (room 1) in the basement with a double bed and 2 single beds - how perfect! The room and bathroom were clean (looked like new wood laminate flooring for the room) and they provided nice white fluffy towels.There were cellar stairs from our room up to the peaceful backyard. Just outside our room in the hall were 2 computers available to any guests, so we could check e-mail while away from home, or find the weather in our next vacation stop. Very nice added convenience.I loved that the Earl's Court Underground station was 5 minutes away, and Judi had given good directions in advance from the airport. Since we only had 1 1/2 days in London, and one would be on the sightseeing tours, we asked Judi for suggestions for our half day, and she had plenty of options. We ended up going to Windsor castle (30 minutes by tube, then train) and it was great. But don't start too late because it takes a while to see it. She also gave a suggestion for an Indian restaurant just near the hotel which was very tasty.In looking at the map, I had been concerned that the Earl's Court station was a bit far from the city center, but once we were on the tube, it didn't seem to be far at all.Breakfast had toast, croissant, cereal, juice, coffee, etc. with an extra fee for cooked food I think. We were fine with the bread and cereal.Overall it was a lovely experience, and I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 20 2008 	Nice but smells	This hotel was a very good deal. The location is GREAT. It is very close to the tube, Earls Court, and a couple good restaurants. They also serve a decent free breakfast and have free internet. The room was spacious, or at least our triple was. We had a nice balcony, but it would not open properly. Now to the bad parts: we were constantly annoyed by the fact that there was a heavy smoke smell seeping into our room. I don't know where it was coming from considering the entire floor was a &quot;non smoking floor.&quot; It was very bad. Not coming from the balcony either. Also, most of the employees did not speak hardly any English. This is what London is turning into, but whatever. Also, the bathrooms were nice, but the showers were a disaster. The stand-up shower was TINY and the fabric shower doesn't hold in the water at all. Overall, I would highly recommend staying here in comparison to other places I have stayed at in London. This place was nice. btw, this is NOT a handicap accessible hotel. Book online, directly from the hotel.	
Jun 15 2008 	Stop searching and book here!	AMSTERDAM HOTEL LONDONAmsterdam Hotel was a nice surprise. It was better than we expected.The staff deserves the best words. Thanks a lot to Judy and the punctual Alan for all their help. No matter how busy they were, they always had time to give us directions, arrange bookings and attend our questions. Months before going I exchanged some mails with the staff and they were extremely polite and friendly. The bedroom was spacious and very cozy, with nice decoration and light color furniture. Two magazines were on the table for us. The beds are very comfortable and it has a view to a beautiful courtyard. There are facilities to prepare hot beverages.There’s a little TV set, where I would have liked to see a Spanish channel. It also has a heater. The only minus was the little wardrobe. We had plenty of baggage because we were on a 40 days trip, but it’s enough for tourists with less baggage. Everything is spotless and very silent in the night.The bathroom has been refurbished and there’s plenty of space for toiletries. The shower has a good flush of water.The hair dryer is in the room, good idea to save time.Don’t worry about the adaptor because it’s provided in the reception.The lift is the tiniest I’ve seen in my life, but it gave a touch of personality to the hotel.There’s a nice business center on the ground floor and both computers can be used freely. It was great! The iron can be used by the guests, though I never used it. There´s so many things to do in London instead!The breakfast continental is good, but once we had to wait for a table.The location is excellent, just a few steps from the tube station. There is everything you need in the neighborhood: laundry, restaurants, supermarkets, etc. In one of them, open till midnight, almost next to the tube, they drop the prices of sandwiches, fruits and other fresh products in the evening. Definitely if I return to London, this will be my only option.	
May 30 2008 	Greate location - quiet - super clean	Finding a nice clean quiet London hotel for under 100 pounds per night for two, including continental breakfast was a challenge. Amsterdam was tops. Quiet, 120 yeards from the Earls Court tube stop, and very nice people. Highly recommended.	
May 28 2008 	Pretty Good	Much as expected from the reviews I'd read. Staff were very courteous and helpful. Contrary to what the website said no full English breakfast was available just eggs on toast for another £2. Wake up call was on time. I was next to the lift which was a bit noisy. Very clean. Good location very close to tube station.	
May 27 2008 	Clean-great service-good breakfast-quiet-well-located !	After a long and careful reading of the reviews made on this hotel on TripAdvisor, my husband and I decided to book 4 nights at the Amsterdam in April 2008, and it turned out to be exactly as described on Trip Advisor :)FYI, we had a regular room, not a suite. We were in London for leisure purposes, to go out and visit the city, not to stay indoors lounging in the hotel room.I hesitated with the Shaftesbury Premier London Paddington, and I asked the Shaftesbury a few questions by email. They never answered back. Ever. So I went for the Amsterdam, whose staff always answered my emails promptly and politely in a timely manner.The Amsterdam is an old building, full of charm (the elevator is quite an experience!). The key system is old-school : they give you a real key that you drop off at the reception when you leave for the day and ask for when you return to the hotel (the desk is open 24/24). The staff is very pleasant , polite and helpful, both at the desk and dowstairs in the breakfast area.The regular breakfast (buffet-style) consisted of : fruit juices, water, tea, coffee, chocolate, milk, toasts (2 kinds), jams, butter, fruit salads, croissants and pains au chocolat (pas tout frais de la boulangerie mais raisonnables pour un petit-déj.), some Danish if I remember well, cereals (4 kinds), yogurts (2 kinds), apples, bananas, oranges. You can order a warm &quot;English&quot; breakfast for a surcharge, but we didn't try that. The regular breakfast was more than enough.The internet nook, dowstairs, has 2 free-access computers with a printer. Slow connection but enough for emailing and checking the weather reports !The premisses are kept very clean by the staff. Being allergic to smoke, I was a little worried about the &quot;staff smoking&quot; that other reviewers complained about, but we never had a problem. They lend adapters for your electronic devices, with a deposit.They also lend umbrellas, that you just pick up in the lobby on your way out. No deposit asked.Some complained about the noise - a fairly common nuisance in hotels - but we were never bothered by that. I am extremely sensitive to the noise, so that would have made my stay miserable. It is all carpeted in the common areas, that helps. Maybe we were lucky to have mindful neighbors. The hotel is on a quiet street, no noise disturbance on that part either.The room was nice, modern, very clean, small (by American standards), of course, as we had expected. It is London ! Just look at the pictures posted by the travelers, small but functional. We had one big suitcase and two small suitcases, plus winter coats. There is enough space to put that away, in the pantry or on top of it.. There was a kettle with tea and coffee, sugar (regular, sweetener) and milk or cream. Our room had a balcony, that unfortunately we could not enjoy due to the bad weather. One of the room keys is to lock the balcony door. The curtains provide a decent darkness for your sleep.The courtesy wake-up calls are reliable and on time.The bed was not bad, it was a double size, which can be a little small for American visitors but normal for European standards (un 140, je dirais).The bathroom, small but by no means tiny. Very modern, recently remodeled, enough towels, and the toiletries (shampoo/soap/shower gel, hand soap) and not on the cheap side. The pressure is good, the water temperature is steady. One problem : the shower curtain. The shower is small, this is true. I am thin but I still managed to flood the floor ! The curtain lets the water drop outside the shower bottom. It's okay, we just used a towel as a sponge and the room was cleaned every morning. The Amsterdam is located nextdoor to the Underground station, 2 minutes &quot;door-to-door&quot;, very convenient. We never heard any train noise. There are a lot of restaurants in the area, as well as little supermarkets and a post-office.The hotel has a little garden in the back, which can be relaxing when the weather is nice.Coming from the US, the room was expensive, but this is because of the dollar weakness to the pound (2 to 1 almost !). All the similar hotels were in that price range anyway. London IS expensive.I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
May 13 2008 	A very lovely hotel	We enjoyed our stay in the Amstedam hotel in London. Perfect location.A very friendly and helpful staff. The hotel itself is very clean and cozy. The room didn't seem to be small at all for 2 people. We will definiltely recommend this hotel to our friends.	
May 12 2008	Great Location Great Price	We spent two nights at this hotel in April and really enjoyed the location and the room. The room would be a little hot during the summer as it does not have air conditioning. The staff were very helpful with the exception of a new desk clerk that tried to charge us again for the room (paid in advance). As we all have a rocky start to a new job--we weren't too upset.	
May 7 2008 	Great place to stay - brilliant staff	After a disaster with the hotel down the road (York Hotel - don't stay there!) we arrive to take our twin room.We were lucky enogh that they only had a suite left but at a decent price. It may not be the most modern of hotels but it's clean, the staff are great and it's got soem character!If I need a hotel round there for the price I'd definately stay again.	
Apr 30 2008 	Perfect place to stay	Found this jewel of a hotel at TripAdvisor, and it was a perfect place to stay for me and my boyfriend for our one-week holiday in London. We stayed in room number 10, and had a great view to a quiet little garden. The staff was extremingly helpful with everything from car-rentals to restaurant recommendations. The room was spotless, clean and more than spacious enough for the two of us and the wardrobe had at least 14 hangers. We wil definetely stay here for our next trip to London.	
Apr 29 2008 	Almost Perfect!!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Amsterdam Hotel for 2 nights in mid-April. It was our first trip to London and after reading 100's of hotel reviews I finally chose this hotel. The experience was GREAT!! (almost perfect). The hotel is literally on-top of the picadilly (and district) line which gave us great access to heathrow airport and the city. We arrived at 9:30am but the staff were more than happy to hold on to our luggage during the day. When we returned to check in properly, our luggage was already in our room (small, but nice details...)The room was absolutely wonderful!! It was very bright, clean and had no carpeting, yippee!! and the bathroom was spotless! On-top of everything, our standard double contained 2 VERY comfortable double beds!!The only thing that wasn't excellent was the hallway leading to the room... It was stuffy and smokey...BUT... this did not in any way transfer to the room, so who cares :-)Summary: Great staff, Great service, Great room, Great location, OK breakfast... almost perfect!	
Apr 22 2008 	Too smoky	Right off the bat - the biggest problem I had with this hotel was that it reeked of smoke, particularly during the day. I have asthma and I found myself having cough and itchy eyes all the time due to the smoke. Fortunately, when I was there, the weather was reasonably mild and I was able to tolerate sleeping with the window open all night to air it out.The room was as described on the website- I had a single room and it was very small - mainly a bed and a desk - no dresser, but a small wardrobe (around 30 cm across with 6 or 7 hangers). The bed was pretty comfortable. The bathroom was very clean. I did have some trouble with getting the toilet to flush properly. The temperature on the shower was VERY difficult to regulate - I wasted a ton of their water and my time (15 minutes one morning when I was trying to get to a business meeting!) running the shower to get the temperature of the water to somewhere between freezing and scorch. The shower curtain did not reach to the floor, so the whole bathroom gets wet when you take a shower. I used this feature to help get the wrinkles out of my clothes. I also did hear a quite a bit of noise from the room next door due to thin walls.The proprieter of the Amsterdam is kind and helpful. Having Wi-Fi access and the computers in the basement is a great service which worked well for me. The breakfast is basic, but healthy and tasty. As many have said, the location here is perfect! Easy access to the Tube. For those not familiar with London, Earl's Court station is at the junction of 2 of the most useful tourist tube lines (Picadilly and District). The hotel is near to a Marks and Spencer, Post Office, Boots, and inumerable eateries of different types and prices.	
Apr 9 2008 	Look no further!	Chose this on basis of past reviews &amp; was not disappointed. CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN-lovely crisp sheets &amp; room on 3rd floor light, airy &amp; plenty big enough. On a quiet side street. Judith the proprietor is friendly &amp; extremely helpful. She goes out of her way to get the best deals for tickets, shows etc. Night staff equally helpful - a request for teabags had them delivered wrapped in a napkin immediately. Continental breakfast was plentiful.Great location - Earls Court road felt perfectly safe to myself &amp; my teenage daughter - there are plenty of people about until midnight &amp; beyond.The hotel is less then a minutes walk from the tube (turn left onto Earl's Court Rd as you come out of the station, then turn first left again &amp; you are on Trebovir Street - you can see the hotel from there.) There are a few nice family run Italian retaurants on Earls Court Rd, Benito's is very friendly &amp; very reasonable. Easy to reach from St Pancras/King's Cross &amp; plenty of routes on the tube to all major attractions. Will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 20 2008 	What a find	I've stayed in a few hotels in London, and often been disappointed. This one was excellent, and great value.Very near to Earls Court tube the location was great. Many shops and eateries close at hand. Reception was classier than expected, and helpful and polite.The family room on the 3rd floor was excellent. Very spacious with the 2 single beds in a separate room with both wardrobes. 2 facing sofas with a good sized table between, and a small kitchen with microwave, fridge and sink in the main room, with stylish modern decor, and large, bright windows. A very comfortable place to spend time.Bathroom well equipped and spotless.Breakfast (included) was a bit eccentric, with cereals already poured out into bowls, with some 20 laid out for perusal. The charming eastern european breakfast staff were helpful but managed to overcook eggs however you asked for them. The toast and croissants and pains au chocolats were plentiful and excellent.	
Feb 5 2008 	A Real Find	I found this hotel via Trip Advisor and found the reviews were spot on. The accomodations were very nice, breakfast was good, the staff very attentive and the location can't be beat. Little touches such as a free wifi and an internet room were an unexpected bonus for price. There is a lovely garden area but it was too cold to enjoy.The lift is quite small, so be ready for a climb up the stairs if you don't want to wait. The room I had (a Double) was newly decorated and had enough space to move around. Linen, towels etc. were of a good grade.You cannot beat this hotel as an economy lodging alternative.	
Dec 31 2007 	Best Place We've Stayed in London	We stayed here on our 3rd trip to London, and it was, by far, the best London accommodations we've had!We had the room directly behind the front desk on the ground floor. It was small (of course, it's LONDON!), but it fit the 4 of us just fine. (I mean, seriously, you're in London, how much time you gonna spend in your room?) There was a comfy bed for the two of us, and then a loft with twin beds for the kids. They loved climbing the stairs/ladder to the loft.The room was newly redecorated with fresh bright-colored fabrics and a new coat of paint. We never had a noise problem even though our window was right at street level.The free Internet access was great, and the breakfast was quite good. The women that worked there were all super friendly. One in particular kept feeding my daughter's carb addiction by bringing her more and more and more toast. (My daughter still talks about that &quot;nice lady that gave me toast.&quot;)Very conveniently located a short walk from Earl's Court tube station (which, BTW, is a station with an elevator for those with lots of luggage who are taking the tube to and from Heathrow). Many nice restaurants nearby. I highly recommend Zizzi, which is right around the corner from the hotel.	
Dec 18 2007 	Loved it!	My husband and I stayed at the Amsterdam Hotel for 10 days on our honeymoon. It was so lovely and everyone there was extremely nice. We especially enjoyed the breakfast every morning. Our room was a little snug, but it once we got use to it, it was great. I would stay there again in a heartbeat. We loved it!	
Dec 5 2007 	fabulous	We loved this hotel. I almost hate to say how good it is to let the &quot;secret&quot; out, but the staff work so hard I want to send them business! My spouse and I stayed there for four days with our 11-year-old in an absolutely charming and comfortable triple/quad. Not a huge room, but VERY well designed, with a great little loft sleeping space (not for tall people), so a little &quot;privacy&quot; between parents and child. Staff, especially Judi, was absolutely wonderful. Lovely continental breakfast, plus Internet access. Spotlessly clean. Also, great location in Earl's Court -- not a &quot;posh&quot; area, but very safe, felt like a &quot;real&quot; neighborhood, plenty of budget places to eat (yes, many chains, but many are good, plus plenty of decent, if not gourmet, neighborhood take-out spots), and easy access to anywhere in central London by Underground (plus taking the bus was pretty easy too). Also: Oxfam (like a &quot;Goodwill&quot;) shop nearby, if you need an extra sweater or reading material for cheap.	
Dec 3 2007 	Great!	Situated conveniently just a couple of hundred metres away from Ears Court station, it's a great place to stay for a weekend when travelling around london by the tube. I stayed in room no. 1, the only room situated beneath groundfloor. This was a family room for four, and contrary to what I expected, the room was huge! Although not exactly five-star, it looked pretty new and modern. Despite the fact that the room was below groundlevel, there was a fullsize window and a door to the outside, so it didn't feel like being in a basement. But if you're looking for a room with a view, this would be a disapointment. In contrast to the room, the bathroom was cramped. It was clean and looked good, but it was the smallest bathroom I've ever seen in a hotel. Also, the doorway to the bathroom must have been dimensioned for people under 150cm tall, so you would have to duck down your head to not walk into the doorframe. The staff was very friendly and helpful, and deserves a mention. The breakfast was good, although not very exciting or varied, and there was also free internet access. Either by wireless, or you could use one of two desktops (next to my room). If you're looking for a really good and cheap place to stay in London, look no further. Although the area around Earls Court isn't the most exciting for the tourist, the underground is just one minute by foot, and the area has many good restaurants as well.	
Nov 30 2007	Liked the Amsterdam	Had a lovely trip to London with wife and two kids. Amsterdam Hotel in perfect location, ajacent Earls Court station and perfect for tube around various parts of London. Hotel very clean and tidy, decent breakfast and staff very courteous and helpful. reception manned 24hrs, plenty towels every day, really no complaint as well. We got room 4 which has a novel set up as family room with kids beds in a mezzanine level above receptions which you go up staircase in room to, kids loved it, almost like they had their own room.Would definitely recommend this hotel if like us you are just looking for a good base to explore the sights etc. There were other facilities available i.e. internet room, etc which we just didn't use so I'm sure suitable for others who require a wee bit more than we do.	
Nov 25 2007 	Comfortable Stay	My husband and I stayed at the Amsterdam Hotel for two nights at the end of September 2007. Upon arrival, the woman behind the front desk saw us to our room personally. The room was small but comfortable, although it could be tricky to move between the foot of the bed and the wall. The bathroom was modern and clean; the only difficulty was that the water from the shower had a tendency to drip onto the bathroom floor, making puddles, as the shower curtain was not able to contain the spray from the shower head. The best thing about the room was that we had direct access to the garden from our room, a feature that was shared only by the room next to us. Other guests could gain access to the garden from the ground floor where the breakfast room was located. The breakfast consisted of breads, cereals, and yogurt, along with juice, coffee or tea.The location of the hotel was great. It was just steps away from Earls Court Road, where there were plenty of restaurants and pubs. Also, Earl's Court Station was about one block away. If my husband and I plan another trip to London we will definitely consider staying here again.	
Nov 23 2007 	Loved our stay!	Myself, my husband and our young son spent a week in London the end of september. After weeks of research into many, many hotel we decided on this one. This place is truly a home away from home. We arrived after a long flight and via the underground from heathrow at about 9.30pm. The front staff ran outside to help us in with all our luggage and the stroller and from then on the service just got friendlier! Judi is amazing and this hotel and staff are a credit to her. She would organise maps for us, activities that were child friendly, tour confirmations, taxi's and even played with our son for an hour on the floor with toys.The hotel is very clean and our suite with seperate lounge/bedroom was great with our son. The cot was provided free of charge and was made up everyday along with our room-very cute touch! The kitchenette was great, microwave, toaster and kettle plus endless supply of tea! Mugs too.....which was a bonus! The hotel is literally just round the corner from the undergroud...the location could not be better really. There is plenty of eateries and mini-supermarkets to stock up. All in all we loved the hotel and area and would go back again...and again!	
Sep 16 2007 	An Oasis of Calm in London	My wife and I have just returned from a holiday in Guernsey, and included a one-night stop-over in London.After much Trip Advisor research, we decided upon the Hotel Amsterdam, in Earls Court. This choice was made mainly due to the positive reviews posted about this hotel, and they were all true. From our on-line booking, to the experience itself, everything was very well managed and efficient. I liked the e-mail reminder, sent one week before travellng, 'hoping to see us soon'. On finally getting through the &quot;wonderful&quot; London Underground traffic from Victoria (Gatwick Airport) to Earls Court, complete with luggage...... turning into Trebovir Road was like another world of calm and peace!!! First impressions are often the most important, and the gleaming entrance door and steps set the scene for a very well run little hotel. Our room was very spacious by London standards, although the bathroom was smaller than normal, but perfectly adequate and very clean. The elevator is another experience entirely, and not for the claustrophobic or slightly larger guest!! The view over the garden seemed very pleasant, although we could not do it justice over only one night. Breakfast was continental, with full English at a premium, which I think is a very good idea, as many people do not want a cooked breakfast every morning, if at all. Glad to have found the Hotel Amsterdam and will definately return when back in London.	
Sep 6 2007 	Better than first impressions...	I've just spent 4 nights in the Amsterdam Hotel. When I first checked in I wasn't totally convinced about the place as the room was small (typical for London) and the bathroom was tiny. However, over time it grew on me. The place was kept spotless and, as long as we kept order in the room, we managed with the space. A couple of shelves/drawers would go a long way to helping with the lack of space there. Plenty of hanging space available but nothing for tops/incidentals etc. The bathroom had great powerful showers compared to most places in the UK. Plentiful and good towels, with nice toiletries. It was kept very, very clean by the workers. The bedroom has laminate floors, so no smelly carpets, and any clothes/shoes we left lying around were tidied up for us while we were out during the day.The location is very handy and it was amazingly quiet at night. Direct tube from Heathrow and several lines into the centre. We had a room to the back and slept very well with the window open. The room would have been far too hot otherwise. A reasonable continental breakfast is included in the price. I'd recommend this place and would probably use it again - though I may upgrade slightly to an executive room in the hope of having a bit more space.	
Aug 15 2007 	A comfortable small hotel	Our experience in London was wonderful and the Amsterdam Hotel was a perfect place for our reunion. We booked several rooms and stayed a week. The courtyard in the back is very comfortable for conversation, the breakfast room is delightful and the breakfast is delicious. We appreciated the two computers available to us. Judi, the manager, made every effort to be sure that our stay was comfortable and enjoyable. She was responsive to every request we had and went beyond our expectations to ensure a carefree holiday. Although our room was small, it was on the back of the hotel and was quiet. It opened onto a balcony and the breezes were welcomed. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was small but quite clean. Judi told us that the bathrooms were scheduled to be remodeled in the near future. Earl's Court is a great neighborhood with stores, restaurants, pubs and the tube station within minutes. Judi allowed us to store our suitcase with her when we left for the lake country and had our same room ready for us with the suitcase in it when we returned for our last night in London.....it felt like coming home. We will stay here again when we return to London.	
Aug 12 2007 	raves for the Amsterdam - Earls Court	Just returned from my first trip to England. I can't say enough about the Amsterdam Hotel. All of the staff were friendly and helpful- especially Judi the manager. My family and I couldn't believe the special attention we received, the phone calls for reservations and maps for directions. The breakfasts, computer room, courtyard in back, fabulous location, and excellent service made my trip unforgettable- I highly recommend.	
Aug 12 2007 	More on the Amsterdam	My husband wrote a review of our trip and I wanted to add my 2 pence. I think it is important to note that the hotel is only 2 blocks from the Underground, making it easy and inexpensive to get to and from the airport and also to see the sights of London without the expense of a cab. Earl's Court is a charming area and there were a variety of good restaurants within walking distance of the hotel. There were also grocery stores in easy walking distance and a post office across from the Underground. The manager (Judi) and her staff were helpful in every way. They provided fans when the weather warmed and blankets for cool nights. They personalized our stay beyond what you expect in a major city, and made the hotel feel like an intimate B&amp;B. Can't wait to go back!	
Jul 27 2007	Absolutely terrible	I spent 4 nights here in late June/early July with my wife and son. It was awful. I have nothing good to say about this dirty dump of a hotel. It would take too much time and space to list all the horrible things wrong with it, but my advice is never go near it. Another piece of advice: don't go to London. It's one of the worse cities in the world.	
Jul 15 2007 	Great little hotel	Very nice hotel in London. Have stayed there twice on business, once with my father. Very clean and comfortable rooms, about average size for Europe it seems. Free internet access in the basement (very helpful.) Staff are very professional and courteous; is not in a particularily great location, but it is literally 30 seconds from the Earls Court underground station and you can be anywhere in minutes. My father (notoriously difficult to impress) thought it was pretty fantastic.	
Jun 17 2007 	Good value friendly staff great location	My wife and I stayed at the Amsterdam Hotel in London at the tail-end of our vacation (June 13-16, 2007). We came in from Belgium on the high-speed, took the tube to Earl's Court--the hotel is maybe a one minute walk from the tube station.The check-in/out process was quick and painless. Staff was nice and even charged my credit card in dollars, which let me avoid the bank conversion charge.One thing to note: if you're staying in the front of the hotel the noise from the street could be an issue for you as it is not very far from busy Earl's Court Road. Also, the walls are pretty thin and we could hear a baby crying in another room. Not a big deal, but it seemed to bother another hotel patron one night.Anyway, one thing I wasn't aware of beforehand is that the hotel room had no air conditioner, but that's typical of most inexpensive London hotels. We kept the balcony windows open at night.The bathroom, as mentioned in other reviews, is rather small and the shower area takes some getting used to. Actually, though, it wasn't as bad as some other reviewers made it out to be and I never had an issue with it. The room and bathroom facilities were spotless (although small) and everything worked fine--plenty of hot water and in-room facilities. Honestly, how much time is a tourist going to spend in the hotel room in London anyway?Also, there was a nice in-room flat panel TV but no clock radio. The hotel staff does wake-up calls though.The bed and sheets were clean and very comfortable.There are tons of grocery stores, coffee shops, restaurants and good, safe pubs nearby. There is no hotel bar. We never felt unsafe in the area.This is a good hotel for the budget-conscious traveler who wants to have a good location -- Earl's Court tube station is on 3 lines and it never took us more than 20 minutes by tube to any major location/tourist attraction in the city.I can recommend this hotel without issue. For the area, I consider it a bargain. Having stayed around the corner at the much pricier K+K Hotel George in 2005, I know this is true.	
Jun 4 2007 	Home from Home	Just back from Chelsea flower show and 4 nights in the Amsterdam Hotel. Really enjoyed our stay. Very clean hotel,continental breakfast was very enjoyable.The staff were so friendly and helpful.This is a lovely area to stay in and the hotel is great value for zone one,3 mins from tube station.The best compliment I can pay the Amsterdam is that I will be back. Great value for london. Judie gives 100% as Manager.	
May 19 2007 	Nice little hotel good value great location.	When you stay in a budget hotel, you shouldn't expect too much. The room was small, badly located and a bit noisy, but it was nicely decorated, very clean, had a large bathroom and best of all, was cheap.If you are a tourist visiting London, I wouldn't expect you to spend much time here anyway, you should be out seeing the sites!The free breakfast was mediocre at best.The staff were very helpful and nice.The location could not be any better, as it is 50 meters at most from the Earls Court Metro station. The restaurants in the area are decent, and we loved a little place nearby called the &quot;Little French Restaurant&quot; that had a perfectly fine prix fixe dinner for 10 pounds, a London bargain!All in all, not perfect, but a pleasant enough experience.	
Apr 3 2007	AMsterdam hotel in London - very nice	I stayed twice in this hotel and enjoyed my stay there both times. In February the room was a bit small, but it was so neat and nice, that I did not really care much about the size. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. So I wanted to come again. And I did. This time the room was larger, very cozy, light, and just as neat as the first time. I stayed almost a week there and was very pleased with the stay again. It is a nice hotel. And very conveniently located - just a minute from Earls Court, which makes you very well connected to everywhere in London. My greatest thanks to the owners and the staff of the hotel.Tatiana Rybina, Moscow, Russia	
Feb 27 2007 	Good value for money	A nice little hotel, very friendly and helpful staff at the reception. In summary a very good value for money (70 GBP / night incl continental breakfast). The room I had was quite small, but everything was impeccable: good bedding, very clean bathroom, flat screen TV and free Internet WiFi access. The pictures posted by previous reviewers are indeed accurate. The area is calm and well connected to the tube, so you can move very easily.	
Jan 18 2007 	a great little hotel - cheap clean and comfortable	The hotel is very well situated for earl's court tube station and the exhibition centres. It looks tidy and well kept from the outside. The reception staff were polite and helpful. There is a lift to get to the upper floors, but it is very small. I could barely fit in on my own with my suitcase. My single-person's room was very clean and included tea/coffee making facilities and satellite TV. The bathroom was very small but functional. Even though the room was a single, there was lots of room and a double bed! Continental breakfast is free, or cooked b/fast is an extra £4.00. All in all i can recommend this hotel to anyone and would gladly consider staying on future visits to london.	
Jan 9 2007 	Clean friendly and well located	I wrote a trip report about our stay in London, but they move down the list very quickly and end up lost in the hundreds of other posts.Moderate and budget priced hotels in London have very small rooms. That seems to be the general concensus in the various posts I read before we booked a hotel. So I was not suprised when we arrived at just how small the room was, OK I was a little bit, by North American standards I have clients with closets that are larger than the room we had. We were 3 adults and 1 8 year old boy, so we had a family room which consisted of a queen sized bed and a double (I asked for a queen and 2 singles but we didn't get that). The room was L shaped, and in the corner we had a small table with 2 chairs and a small LCD TV mounted on the wall above. Very small closets too. The bathroom as described in other posts here is also small.BUT, it all is kept very very clean. They really do look after the rooms here.After we got settled in everything was fine and comfortable.The beds were really cosy too, everyone had no problems sleeping.There has been mention about the lift here, yes there is one, but like many things it is really really small. 1 person and 1 large suitcase is about all you can fit in it. But it does work, just takes a couple of trips to get your bags to your room.Location is great, we took the Tube from Heathrow, got off at Earls Court station (which has a lift) walked out, turned left, took the next left and there it is. Earls Court is a great station for getting around from.I am certain that when visiting London again I would stay here againHere is my trip reporthttp://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g186338-i17-k937077-Trip_report-London_England.html	
Dec 6 2006 	Great Convenient Location Would be Happy To Return!!	Reading the reviews prior to my visit was a bit scary.After having stayed at the hotel, I was very happy with my overall stay. I would definitely return to this place. Perhaps the only negative part of the room was the size of shower as its combined with the toilet and there was only a shower curtain to separate them. I stayed in a single room ( #13) but even with this little negative mark, I was happy with my room. Enjoyed the daily continental breakfast. Cereal, Toast, Canned Fruit, Orange Juice, Coffee, Tea. A Hot English Breakfast had to be requested the night before for an additional charge. I remember one day I requested a hot breakfast and this was served to me not long after I sat down. It contained an egg, ham, suages, potato, toast, Coffee, Tea, Orange Juice. The hotel had free wireless internet access if you have a laptop. You could also connect through one of their 2 computers, which for me where always available as I didn't carry a laptop. The staff was friendly and courteous at all times. Thanks for making my stay pleasant.[---]	
Dec 5 2006	A GREAT STAY	Stayed for 1 night at this Hotel on the 29th November and was very impressed. My single room was quite small but had the luxury of a double bed with T.V., tea/coffee making facilities and windows that opened plus a small but spotlessly clean bathroom with white fluffy towels. The dining room was spotless and a good choice of cereals, fruit, fruit juices, toast, croissants with jam or marmalade and tea or coffee with cream (not milk)All the staff were friendly and very helpful and nothing was too much trouble. I would not hesitate in recommending this Hotel to anyone. The Tube station is only 3 min walk and a 15 min walk takes you to the Nat.History Museum which is well worth a visit.	
Dec 1 2006	Clean and tidy	I chose to live in this hotel in early November 2006 because of the good comments here. The location of the hotel is excellant. Just a few minutes walk from Earl's Court Tube Station which has lifts. You can also reach Earl's Court Tube Station direct from the Heathrow Airport without changing the line. The hotel also contains a tiny lift so you face no problems of carrying luggages. I live in a single room on 2/F. The room is small but clean and tidy. There is a LCD TV, a hair dryer, tea and coffee making facilities and fine bath facilities. The only thing I wanna point out is that it is quite &quot;hot&quot; when I sleep in the room at night! I need to open some windows otherwise I will get burnt! And you need to pay an extra in order to get hot breakfast including sausages and eggs, etc. I hope that these are included in the room rate. The Hotel is above average when compared with other hotels offering similar rates in London. The price is reasonable as I understand that everything is expensive in London!	
Oct 10 2006 	Comfortable stay	A pleasant hotel with accommodating staff.The lift was out of action during our stay, but Judy booked as many people on the lower floors as she could, which was appreciated - those london town houses have murderous stairs! Our first room was beautiful, done out in shades of white and cream with direct access to the hotel's garden. The bathroom was spacious and clean with a heated towel rail. I'd argue it's one of the nicest rooms in the hotel, but for one thing - the room is directly off the reception area. As a light sleeper I found this to be a problem. My partner, however, didn't , so you'd have to judge for yourself. Judy was very accommodating and did some shuffling to move us to a room on an upper floor. She'd put us in the lower floor room to save us the walk up. Even so, she was gracious when I requested a change.Our second room was on the third floor and far more insular, but not as elegantly decorated. It was clean all the same, and rather large, which was a bonus.I would definitely stay at the Amsterdam Hotel again - it is very good value for money and a pleasant stay into the bargain. The Earls Court area is lovely. For a good, authentic Italian meal try Venezia Ristorante in Kenway road, only a short walk from the hotel or tube station.	
Jun 12 2006	Great place to stay!	My mother and I stayed at the Amsterdam Hotel for 8 nights in May/June. We couldn't have been happier with the hotel. I have stayed at several hotels in London, and for the price, the Amsterdam cannot be beat.We had a twin room (two beds) on the third floor (room 15), which was brightly and modernly decorated, and spotlessly clean. The room was small, as was the bathroom, but that is typical of UK/European hotels. The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating; they took messages from people who called, made restaurant reservations for us and ordered taxis when necessary, and in general were just lovely. Although I never partook, my mother had breakfast in the morning downstairs in the hotel and said it was quite good...a nice selection of pastries and coffee, orange juice, etc. This is included in the cost of your stay. The location is also fantastic for this hotel. It is less than a block's walk to the Earl's Court Tube (underground transportation), which has the District and Picadilly lines running through it (Picadilly runs right from Heathrow, so instead of spending an exorbitant amount on a taxi from the airport, you can simply hop on the Tube. Unlike many of the tube stops, Earl's Court tube stop has a lift (elevator), so you won't have to worry about hauling your luggage up numerous flights of stairs!). The Picadilly line has stops at lots of major tourist areas, and there are easy links to other Tube lines. The neighborhood surrounding the hotel has a bunch of cute little restaurants, all within a short walking distance, as well.The only downsides of the hotel were these (and to be honest, they are VERY minor compared with what you could be dealing with at other London hotels of similar class...): 1) Water pressure in the shower was terrible, and it took a long time to get the hot/cold ratio right because it took so long for the water to run through the pipes to us. 2) Lift was pretty small, so for the claustrophobic or very overweight, you're going to need to take the stairs, 3) Although they are non-smoking rooms, some of the staff smoke at night and it wafts up to the room (I solved this problem by putting a towel along the bottom of the door at night), 4) Because the halls are narrow, in our particular room, when someone got in the lift or went down the stairs, it was pretty loud. I don't know how it is for other rooms that located further away from the lift/stairs, 5) Sheets were kind of scratchy.Overall, I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel to anyone who doesn't want to spend a lot of money on a hotel and wants a nice, clean, safe, centrally located place to stay. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 2 2006	Good but a few hiccups...	I give this hotel an above average first of all because it was absolutely spotless. The hotel was meticulously kept. The staff worked very hard at doing this. My family (me, hubby and two daughters) visited and had the family room in the basement. One queen size bed and two twins-very good since one of my daughters is notorious for kicking in her sleep-her big sister was very pleased at not having to share a bed as she usually has to in a standard hotel room. We arrived at 10:30 a.m. after an all night flight and were told to come back at 12:30 to a ready room. The management was true to their word and we were able to grab a nap before starting to explore the city. The bathroom was tiny. Not to be graphic, but I had to sit sideways on the toilet. That being said, let me say that the bathroom was very modern-completely redone and very clean. A generous supply of towels and toiletries was left for us. The breakfast was adequate. Toast, croissants, fruit and cereal along with juice and coffee and tea. The staff was very courteous and prompt. The staff did, however, totally forget to clean our room one day. We came home at 10 p.m. after a long day of sightseeing to find the beds unmade, wet towels in the bathroom. The desk clerk apologized profusely and immediately brought a supply of fresh towels to the room. Upon checkout, I found that had been charged 20 pounds more per night than my original quote but I do not blame the hotel for this. The reservation was made by Expedia and they quoted me one rate and sent an email to the hotel (which they showed me) with the higher rate. I'm still fighting with Expedia about that one. All in all, I would recommend the Amsterdam. It is a short walk from the tube station on the very convenient Picadilly line and as I said, has friendly staff and a spotless facility.	
Nov 7 2005 	Terrific!	This was my second visit to the wonderful Amsterdam Hotel, and it wont be my last. After travelling Europe and enduring all kinds of hotel accomodation in a vareity of cities, it was such a pleasure to arrive in London at the Amsterdam and to stay in a place that is so comfortable, clean and accomodating. The hotel had been refurbished since my last stay 18 months ago, and a great job has been done in all areas. It was so comfortable and such an easy stay. The staff, headed by the brilliant Judy, also could not do enough to help me out with any bookings, advice, directions or deals I needed while I was in London. It is when staff go to that extra effort to help you out that makes the best impression and makes all the differentce, and the Amsterdam staff did just that. Also, at only about 100 metres from Earls Court Tube station, the location is excellent for tourist visitors as nothing is ever too far away. The Amsterdam is one of London's best Hotel finds - I have stayed in five other hotels in London, and The Amsterdam Hotel wins hands down as the best, and at the best price. They say word of mouth is the best recommendation, and I have already recommended this Hotel to three friends who have made thier bookings. They won't be disappointed. And I will be back within 18 months, so the same room again with the cute balcony overlooking the street would suit me just fine!	
Aug 8 2005	Wonderful Hotel!	Our family of 4 (two teenagers) had a wonderful stay at the Amsterdam Hotel. Upon arriving at Heathrow we took the tube (Piccadilly Line) directly to Earl's Court station and walked the short block to the hotel. Although we arrived late at night the area felt safe and many fast food restaurants were still open ... perfect for hungry teenage travellers. We were given Suite #1 at #9 Trebovir which is actually in the basement with a private entrance to the street as well as an indoor entrance. Our room was newly and very tastefully decorated and included a beautifully tiled bathroom and an attached kitchenette with toaster, microwave oven, sink and utensils. A washer was also included but no dryer. The entire hotel was kept impeccably clean and tidy. The breakfast room was bright and airy with a plentiful breakfast (cereal, toast, juice, croissants) and heavenly tea. They do know how to make a great pot of tea! Free internet was included which our teenagers appreciated and a lovely garden area existed at the back of the hotel. The immediate area had everything you might need ... a grocery store, bank, currency exchange, laundramat, camera store, restaurants, pubs and tube station giving access to the entire city. The staff at the hotel were friendly and very helpful when asked for directions or ideas for sightseeing, immediately finding answers on the internet and giving us a printout of the material as well as calling ahead to determine times and entrance fees. They couldn't have been more helpful. We would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to London and would certainly stay there again if we return.	
Jul 7 2005	a few flaws but overall a nice place to call "home" in London	Finding reasonably priced lodging in London can be a real challenge. You either go broke and stay in clean comfort or go the budget route and combat bedbugs. With this in mind, I scoured TripAdvisor reviews for a happy medium and found it in the Amsterdam Hotel.The Amsterdam Hotel is in Earl's Court, a busy section of London that is packed with hostels, budget hotels, and eateries. I always like to stay in Earl's Court due to its good location (the Earl's Court tube services the District and Piccadilly lines), dining options (especially if you like ethnic food), and services (internet cafes, laundry services, and grocery stores abound), but I wasn't too keen on staying in some of the other hotels, based on past personal experiences and/or TripAdvisor reviews.Enter the Amsterdam. Its good TripAdvisor ranking and the overall good reviews led me to book seven nights there for the London portion of my holiday. I was not disappointed, and in fact, I was pleasantly surprised.The Amsterdam's staff was, with a couple of exceptions, extremely nice and helpful. The owner, in particular, was wonderful, and I really got the sense that she wanted all her guests to be very, very satisfied. The housekeepers do an excellent job keeping the entire hotel spotless. My hotel room was always in perfect condition when I returned from a day out.The hotel's facilities are well-maintained and typical for a converted rowhouse. My room was much larger than I had expected and had a twin and a double bed. The beds were quite comfortable, not the slabs of granite that are so common in hotels. The room also featured a small TV, a teapot with teabags and instant coffee, and a hair dryer. On the downside, there was no air conditioning (except for a floor unit which was ineffective), and the heat in the room, even with the windows open, was stifling for the first couple of nights. I wouldn't want to be in that room during a heatwave.My room's WC exceeded my expectations greatly. While the shower was part of the room (separated by a curtain you pull round you within the room -- this is typical for many en suites at budget hotels), the WC was much larger than other en suites I have seen, and it was possible to shower without being crunched against a wall. The shower head detached from the wall, enabling one to shower without making a terrific watery mess.The Amsterdam provides free internet access to its guests, and the owner said that wireless will be installed soon.I was quite satisfied with my stay at the Amsterdam, but there were two things that tainted my time there.First, while the housekeepers are very sweet and do a great job cleaning the room, they do not respect &quot;do not disturb&quot; signs or personal belongings. There was one day where we did not want the housekeepers in the room because we didn't want some computer equipment to be disturbed (charging a laptop), and when I returned, the room had been cleaned, our personal belongings had been moved around, and the laptop had been unplugged. The next day, I put out the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign again, because it had been a late night, and we wanted to sleep in. Even then, the housekeepers knocked and started to come in, waking us up. One evening, after the housekeepers had cleaned the room, I couldn't find my contact lens case, which I had left on the vanity in a neat line, out of the way of cleaning housekeepers, with my hairbrush and some medication. All of those items were missing. After a while of hunting, I found that these items had been put in a drawer. This happened two days in a row, and then I politely asked the housekeeper not to move my personal items when she came in. She respected my request, but I was very surprised that the housekeepers would take such liberties with guests' belongings to begin with.The second complaint I have is that, while the hotel is touted as a non-smoking hotel and a sign clearly states that people who smoke in their rooms will be charged 35GBP, the smoking policy is not enforced, and the hotel staff are the worst culprits. Every afternoon, the smell of smoke wafted into my room, and opening the window did not alleviate the problem. At first, I thought it might be hotel guests across the hall, but the smell continued after they checked out. Now I'm thinking that the smoke might have come from a supply room that the staff used on my floor. And one evening, when I came home, the woman who gave me my key was smoking in the little room behind the reception desk, and she had a very full ashtray with her. I personally have no problem with smokers, but some people do and/or have health issues that are aggravated by cigarette smoke. If people book a hotel, thinking it is a non-smoking facility, the hotel needs to live up to that expectation.Intrusive housekeepers and smelly smoke aside, I enjoyed my time at the Amsterdam and would definitely stay there again. I recommend it highly -- just be aware of the smoking issue.	
Feb 16 2005	Excellent in every way!	Just back from spending 3 nights at the Amsterdam. Was a bit dubious after reading various reports but nothing to be worried about. Everything brilliant. Location is literally only 2 minutes walk from Earls Court Tube, just around the corner but still situated in a quiet street. Very well priced 70stg per night for double room including continental breakfast, cereal, fruit, juice, tea, croissants &amp; loads of toast - did try the cooked breakfast once but wouldnt recommend it, only 2.75stg extra per person but not great, and plenty of food on offer with continental. The breakfast room was spotless as was the rest of the hotel and all the staff were extremely helpful all the time. When we checked in had requested double room with bath, were shown to room 18, which had 2 queen size beds and no bath. On returning to reception was informed that they were double beds (but they are not) and that is the only double beds they have in hotel. Did move to room 15 which had twin beds but had bath and much bigger bathroom. Very quiet spotless hotel with everything you could need - TV, phone, tea/coffee making facilities, hot water and very good shower. Lift is tiny - only really fits 2 people but it works.Thanks for great relaxing couple of days - would definitely have no hesitation recommending to anyone going to London for few days. Enjoy!	
Feb 13 2005	Felt like home great location 	I am amazed by some of the reviews on this site, especially the person who stayed there on Sept 2, 2004. I was also there during that time, I stayed there for 8 nights. I had a twin room, since a friend joined me halfway through my stay. The room was big, the bathroom was clean and I don't know how anybody would get water all over the floor when taking a shower unless they are real slobs. The shower had a glass door to separate the shower/tub from the toilet.  The room was kept clean at all times, the owner was very friendly and always had a short conversation with me as I went in and out. The breakfast was more than adequate. The FREE internet access is available 24 hours a day. Unfortunately, there is no AC and it got quite warm while I was there, but that's not that big of a deal.  The location is wonderful, on a quiet side street, yet plenty of restaurants nearby, a grocery store and about 3 minutes from a tube station.  On my way out, the owner was great at calling the car service to confirm that they were coming to pick me up at a certain time. I also needed something to keep my extra bag closed properly. There was no lock, but I wanted a string or something to keep the zipper from opening. She called the electrician who brought me something to tie them together, he helped me do it.  I am amazed that some people say that the staff isn't friendly, unless they are focusing on the maids, who just do their job and don't really interact with the hotel guests. The people at the desk were always very friendly and I would stay at this hotel again in a blink and would definitely recommend it. 	
Jan 14 2005	Do not be fooled...	My wife and I stayed 6 nights at the Amsterdam Hotel on our honeymoon and looked forward to a quaint and cozy place to stay (as I was led to believe based on the photos and earlier reviews on this site). When we arrived it was quite the contrary.The first sign of trouble was the extremely small lift that took us to our fourth floor room (avoid Room 20 at all costs). This lift barely holds two adults...nevermind the luggage you will likely have with you. The room itself was very strange. The ceiling had an unusual slope halfway through the middle of it making the room rather small. The absolute worst part was the &quot;en suite&quot; bathroom. I don't know how brits define &quot;en suite,&quot; but a normal human being does not take a shower in a bathroom where the toilet is two feet away and the water from said shower fills the entire bathroom because there is no separation between it and the rest of the bathroom...meaning you will be guaranteed a wet bathroom floor after each shower no matter what you do. it honestly felt like being in an RV...THAT SMALL!!!next was the &quot;non-smoking&quot; facility. this place is touted as being a non-smoking facility, but the first morning we were there, we smelled cigarette smoke outside our door. we thought it was some rude guests of the hotel, so i notified the front desk. i got a vague, &quot;oh really?&quot; response. it became clear that we weren't dealing with hotel guests, but the employees of the hotel who were smoking!!! yes, the cleaning crew/maids/front desk clerks...all were smoking. unbelievable.unfortunately, we already paid for our room in full and had no way out of this mess...otherwise, we would have gone as far away as possible from this place immediately.the final straw came when we arrived from a night out and returned to find several people in our room fixing what was apparently a broken light switch or fuse box. (that was the other thing...several lights in the room didn't work.) because this couldn't be fixed until the next morning, it was a &quot;safety hazard&quot; and we were forced to stay in a far superior room (yes, even less than this) that reeked of sewage (see review below...it was probably the same room...ROOM 18?) the one saving grace was that we didn't have to pay for that night.the only two positive things i can say about the Amsterdam are the location to the earl's court tube station (the neighborhood itself is a bit dodgy...be careful around the station), and the complimentary Internet access (though a bit temperamental at times).it's really unfortunate because we were really looking forward to a pleasant place to stay...and to experience this on our honeymoon of all times was very disappointing. for those of you in the states reading this, i would compare this place to a bad Motel 6 room (because some Motel 6 rooms are not bad when you go in knowing what to expect.)don't be fooled by the photos/reviews on this site or their official site...	
Oct 18 2004	THE Hotel to stay at in London		
Sep 23 2004	Bad Experience at the Amsterdam Hotel		
Aug 5 2004	Warm and Friendly		
Aug 5 2004	A true gem!		
Jul 6 2004	Covienent Location Clean Friendly		
Mar 2 2004	Great value for money!		
Jan 30 2004	little and lovely		
Dec 12 2003	Warm and Comfortable.		
Dec 12 2003	muy agradable		
Nov 17 2009 	bien placé		
Nov 16 2009 	Très bien placé		
Nov 14 2009 	Un trois étoiles ? Je ne pense pas...		
Oct 28 2009 	semplecemente eccezionale		
Sep 30 2009 	Accanto alla metro		
Aug 27 2009 	Accettabile! Un po’ old-style!		
Aug 24 2009 	Excelente elección.		
Aug 23 2009 	Hôtel parfait		
Aug 4 2009	Excellent hôtel		
Jul 6 2009 	Buena Ubicación - Buena Calidad		
Apr 19 2009 	Ubicación perfecta estancia realmente cómoda		
Jan 7 2009 	Fantastico!!!		
Sep 7 2008 	voto: 6 1/2		
Aug 31 2008 	La cordialità dell'hotel Amsterdam		
Aug 25 2008 	ottima sistemazione		
Aug 15 2008 	Super Hotel !!!		
May 11 2008 	Bellissimo soggiorno all'Amsterdam Hotel		
Apr 26 2008 	Ottimo hotel in Earls Court		
Sep 3 2007 	Un hotel molto carino!!		
Jan 26 2007 	Excelente hotel		
