	Excellent location disappointing hotel service	I stayed in this hotel as a solo traveller, I was visiting various friends in London, The location of this hotel was excellent, right next door to warren street station, &amp; within a 5 min walk of Euston &amp; Euston Square. Unfortunately warren street was closed for maintenance for the weekend, but Euston square is a 2 min walk. On first impressions I thought the hotel was reasonable value for money. But that night my single room which was small &amp; perfectly adequate for me was Freezing! I turned the thermostat up in the room, did not work, there was a huge window which had a blind but the cold draught could be felt. I was so cold that I could not sleep properly, in the morning I reported it to reception who seemed very flustered with the people coming &amp; going. I went for breakfast &amp; had to wait 20mins to get a table, with the lady seating me saying it's busy this morning, but do they not realise how many guests are coming for breakfast. The breakfast was lovely great &amp; prompt tea&amp; toast. I presumed that the heating had been fixed due to the card in my room that night saying the problem I reported had been sorted, but again that night was freezing, but after getting kitted up in my jumper &amp; leggings as well as PJs things where warmer &amp; a better nights sleep. I also had a note in my room asking me to go to breakfast later as it was too busy, between 9-10am.The hotel was very clean &amp; staff where friendly enough, I just expected a better service from a 4 star hotel. I will admit I didn't complain again about the cold room or about the breakfast queue, I just got on with it, but just found it disappointing as I've stayed in hostels, tents etc &amp; payed for a better hotel as a treat, it didn't help as it rained very hard the 2nd night I was there, with the streets flooded &amp; it was soooo cold, so it made the hotel room more noticable.Location wise this hotel cannot be faulted, I would stay again if it was cheaper, &amp; with thermals of course!	
Nov 20 2009 	Deluxe room was costly but terrific!	My wife and I went back to the Grafton this week, just for a night. We thought we would upgrade to a Deluxe room for a change and to make our stay more comfortable. The room was pricey, but absolutely excellent. You need to specify that you don't want to be at the front over the noisiest road in London. Our room was really spacey - well appointed and all that you would expect from a 4-star hotel's Deluxe. Well done the Grafton - we'll definitely be back!	
Nov 20 2009 	Beware with bookings	Although my colleague and I had booked several weeks before, on arrival (after travelling from New York) we were advised that the hotel was overbooked and we were unable to be accommodated, However, a fifty pound room had been found in a hotel 20 minutes away. After a protracted discussion involving our travel agent, airline and staff from my office in Australia, a room was eventually found for us.My colleague and I observed a number of other people - with bookings - being turned away.Aside from this, the hotel was excellent. However, I would never choose to stay at a Radisson again.	
Nov 17 2009 	Fantastic stay would recommend	I booked a deluxe room for a one night stay, on arrival we were informed that we had been upgraded to a suite. This was a lovely surprise, and the room was fantastic! The bathroom was extremely spacious and the bedroom had all of the amenities one could want, I just wish we had been staying for longer!The staff were very helpful and friendly, they parked our car for us at a rate of £36 for 24 hours. The tube station Warren Street is situated next to the hotel which allows easy access to all of London.I would definately recommend this hotel and would definately stay there again.	
Nov 16 2009 	Well worth it	Just a weekend away for a friends birthday. I'd stayed here before and suggested to friends that we stay here too. Ideally positioned, on Tottenham Court Road, right near Warren Street tube station. Staff are courteous and efficient. Rooms were compact, but enough room for a table, coffee making equipment, a safe and plenty of wardrobe space. Shower was great. Breakfast was a bit noisy and hectic. Sooo many people, but no problem getting served. I wanted hot milk for my coffee and expected to wait a while, but it came really quickly. Even check out was super efficient. Would have no hesitation staying again or recommending it.	
Nov 13 2009 	Comfortable room close to Warren Street tube station	I stayed here for a one night stay whilst on business and it was a very pleasant stay, very comfortable room. I didn't get a view at all and got quite a small room (but as a solo traveller that was OK but if I was part of a couple I would think it's a little bit small), so that wasn't the best but was still very comfortable and OK for me. Nice flat screen TV and lovely bathroom, shower, etc although again a bit on the small side. Breakfast was very tasty and if I stayed here for a trip to London, I would count myself lucky as it would be a great place to set as your base. It's right next to Warren Street tube and so you would be able to explore London very easily, as even Euston Square and Great Portland Street tube stations aren't that far away either.	
Nov 11 2009 	Excellent service and good location	My first night at the hotel was not great - I had a very small room on the 2nd floor, front of building, and it was very noisy. So next day I asked if I could be moved to somewhere quieter. They found me a lovely room at the back of the hotel, moved my bags over there during the day, and I slept wonderfully well that night. Service at the hotel is excellent and I found everyone to be really helpful. The breakfast buffet is wonderful - plenty of selection - and I really enjoyed the rare treat of a full English breakfast! The only thing I didn't like was the lighting in the dining room at night - really weird, fluorescent lighting which isn't very welcoming. Dinner was ok but I probably wouldn't eat there again. That apart, it was a good experience. Location is terrific - next to Warren St tube station, within walking distance of Euston, and with plenty of buses to all the main attractions of London. All in all, a very nice place and I would go there again.,	
Nov 10 2009 	5 star service	I stayed in this hotel in mid October. The room was a single but the bed was very spacious and easy to sleep in. My room was located in a &quot;back building&quot; reachable over a glass bridge, very quiet and away from the main road. Like a fool I left two books in my room. Room service quickly found the books and have sinced returned them to me AT NO ADDITIONAL COST. That is good service!	
Nov 5 2009 	Quiet hotel in a big city	The hotel is situated about 10mins from one of the biggest shopping area's in London and very close to theatre land. Only a 5min walk to an underground station. The hotel was very quiet with the rooms well furnished. If you don't want to eat in the hotel there is a varied choice within walking distant. From the price it was good value - would certainly use it again	
Nov 5 2009 	Top hotel in a top location	From the first moment you stepped through the front doors right up until the time of your departure, the staff could not do enough for you.This is a top quality hotel, in the perfect location for getting to all the top sites in and around London.	
Nov 4 2009 	Great value excellent service fantastic location	Excellent service from check-in to check-out - hotel manager was outstanding in accommodating short notice requests for myself and colleagues on a a business trip. Well looked after by the bar staff, all in all a very enjoyable stay	
Nov 3 2009 	Hotel was great and staff were very polite and helpful...	The room I had was great (Suite 464) and I syaed for over a month. I had a great view of the GPO Tower (now the BT Tower) - but unfortunately the public are not allowed up the tower anymore. However, the hotel is only a 5 minite walk from Charolette Street - which has some of the best restaurants around and are mostly great value for money. I would also recommend the Italian called Amaretto, just a few door along from the hotel. The hotel is in a great spot nest to all public transport (close to Euston and KingsCross stations) and was perfectly located for my work location at Harley Street. Breakfast is fantastic and the bar food if pretty good too. Drink at the bar are pretty expensive - but most places around London are - although the Northumberland Arm just next to the hotel is very reasonable.	
Nov 2 2009 	Very friendly staff	Nice spacious room, very clean, very friendly and attetive staff. Only downside was that the wi-fi was very slow most times.	
Nov 2 2009 	1ST RATE HOTEL	Excellent place to stay on Business or for Pleasure. Room very comfortable and very clean, with Hotel ideally situated for London attractions. Staff went out of their way to be helpful and the Breakfast would set anyone up for the day.I would highly recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 30 2009 	Really Great StayClean Room and Friendly Staff!	The locale of this hotel really is excellent. Practically next door to Warren Street tube station and with 1 stop on the tube on the Victoria line you are in Oxford Circus which is central to the shops as you will be on Oxford Street!! From the hotel it is also really easy to get anywhere on the tube. The hotel was very clean and the room we had was quite spacious. Breakfast delicious and plentiful. We had room service one night and it is well presented and well cooked. We found all staff extremely helpful.	
Oct 25 2009 	Nice hotel: Good loaction nice rooms bad shower	The Radisson Edwardian Grafton hotel is very nice. I was upgraded for free to a King suite when I paid for a double room which was a nice surprise. Although it was not one of the more expensive hotels in London it was missing some extras that I feel a hotel in this price range should have (especially in the most expensive room of the hotel). It lacked a flat screen television - the one that was in the room was quite antiquated. The toiletries were also lacking. No separate shampoo/conditioner/body wash - it was all combined into one lackluster soap. The shower also was not very good. The temperature fluctuated and the pressure wasn't great. However the room was very quiet given the central location.But all in all a very nice hotel for the price and location.	
Oct 24 2009 	Clean efficient and convenient	I have stayed at the Grafton on a couple of occasions for business purposes. The staff are all very friendly and helpful - the hotel itself is clean and conveniently located very near to Warren Street tube - which is a definite bonus if you are travelling with baggage and don't use taxis. I can highly recommend this hotel for the business traveller.	
Oct 22 2009 	Ideal good value city centre hotel	Very good service from all the staff. Room was a bit on the dark side, decorated in different shades of beige and brown. The lighting was downlights which were brutal when you switched them on in the morning! The room was very clean, the towels were soft and fluffy and the bed linen was fresh and crisp. I would have liked more channels on the TV if I had had time to watch it! Breakfast is a feast with everything you could want on offer. Although I didn't have dinner on this occasion I have had evening meals in the hotel when I am down on business and the food and service is always good.The loction of this hotel is ideal with Warren Street and Goodge Street undergrounds both within minutes where you can reach everything in only a few stops. If you feel energetic you can walk, Oxford Circus is only 10-15 away but it takes much longer if you stop and shop on the way!	
Oct 21 2009 	Good hotel in an excellent location	I've stayed at the Grafton a number of times on business and I'm very impressed with it. The staff are friendly and helpful, the rooms are very clean and it's virtually on top of a Victoria Line tube station. Highly recommended	
Oct 20 2009 	Brilliant hotel! Polite staff spotless 	Me and my partner stayed there for a weekend of shopping in Oxford Street and a visit to London Zoo. The location of the hotel was great as it was about 10minutes on the tube away from either location. When we arrived at the hotel we were kindly greeted and they offered to look after are bags while we went and shopped some more, they booked us in gave us our room key and explained about breakfast. When we came back and went to our room we were glad to see how spotless everything was. The room was a little on the small side but that didnt matter. In the morning we went down for breakfast at 7:30, it wasn't busy, we were taken to our table and asked if we wanted tea and toast. Then we went to the buffet, which you can go up to how ever many times you want. There was a vast choice of food, including fresh fruit and a tradditional english fry up.We had a great experience staying there, would definately stay again and most certainly reccomend the hotel!!	
Oct 19 2009 	Excellent location	I stopped at the Grafton with my Mum for one night as we were going to the theatre. We arrived early, and the hotel was able to accomodate this and we were given our twin room at 11.30, although the reception staff are not the most friendly of people. The room itself was comfortable, and did the trick for a short stay (clean and a hot shower!). We ate out at ASK pizza around the corner from the hotel before going to the theatre, and came back to the hotel for a night cap which took forever! (note - drinks expensive in the bar, and service charge included but you can refuse to pay this). We had an early breakfast, and it was busy. But by the time we finished at say 9am people were lining up for tables. The breakfast was nice, but make sure in your room rate (if not close by you'll find starbucks and other places you can have breakfast). The location of the hotel is its selling point, very close to Warren st and Goodge street tube stations, and walking distance to Oxford Street. Less than £10 taxi to theatre districts and Covent garden etc (and very close to Euston and St Panc train stations). Plenty of coffee places, pizza restaurants and pubs nearby too, as well as a tesco's which is always handy if you forget anything. Busy hotel, staff not the friendliest but location/cost makes up for it.	
Oct 16 2009 	Good business in hotel in excellent location	I stayed for one night on business. Location cannot be faulted. Next door to Warren Street station on the Northern Line and with good restaurants on the door step.Staff on check in and check out were particularly helpful and efficient. The room was small and lacked natural light but otherwise was perfectly adequate for what I needed. It appeared to have been re-furbished and was clean and comfortable.Breakfast was excellent particularly as the hotel seemed to be very busy. The only gripe was that unlike other Radissons coffee was slow coming and only then in small quantities but that is a minor gripe. Would happily stay again and would recommend to others for business.	
Oct 15 2009 	We can't wait to visit the grafton againfantastic serviceextremely friendly staff and the room was spotless.	great location,everything we needed was on the doorstep and warren street tube station is virtually next door. The staff were very friendly and helpful also they couldn't do enough for us.The room was spotless and everything we needed was provided,we will definately return to the grafton and probably add a couple more nights!!	
Oct 15 2009 	Great hotel great location	This is a very nice hotel.Clean rooms.Nice, modern, clean bathroom.Working airco &amp; heating.Very good breakfast and service.Great location.Walking distance from Oxford street, St Pancras station, Tussauds.Warren street underground at 50 meters, Euston tube at 200 meters.We stayed for 2 nights.Will return to the same hotel when visiting London again.	
Oct 15 2009 	The mysterious dissappearing and reappearing rooms	I arrived with my 78 year old mother after 8.30 pm in the evening. On checking in I said that we had booked a twin. We were told that there were no twin rooms remaining and we were booked into a double. My mother doesn't sleep well at the best of times and has recently had foot surgery. We were offered an upgrade to a kingsize bed. I insisted on either a twin room or two singles. The receptionist insisted this was not possible as the hotel was full. I produced the confirmation email saying we had booked a twin. The receptionist then said she would phone a colleague - conversation went like this - she gave our name, pause, &quot;yes, I have told them that but she has a confirmation e-mail&quot; - pause, pressing of a few computer keys, then &quot;ok I have managed to find a twin room.&quot; Why not just give us what we paid for and save me and my elderly mother all this hassle?? Terrible, unwelcoming service.	
Oct 13 2009 	great hotel in good location	my partner and i stayed here 10th oct 09 for a nightits not in a bad location,a few minutes walk to oxford street and we were checked in quicklystayed in a king size suite which we found a nice size,very clean and a really comfortable bed,decor looked great and being round the back of the hotel it was peacefulloverall a great hotel	
Oct 11 2009 	wonderful value	Staff polite, clean, good room service. Handy for theatre and shopping	
Oct 10 2009 	Courteous Staff Clean and Convenient	Good location, easy walking distance to Euston. Good sized room, spotlessly clean. Will definitely stay again but would avoid the breakfast tray service as I was asked for £1.50 upon delivery of the tray rather than at checkout - despite my being wrapped in only a towel having just got out of the shower! The two follow up 'phone calls to chase up the £1.50 wasn't the best way to start the day so ruined what would otherwise have been a very good experience. It's the small things that trip you up.!	
Oct 9 2009 	Perfect business hotel	From start to finish the staff, without exception, were excellent,as was everything else about this Hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	simple but inexpensive overnight stay in London	This hotel is conveniently located directly above Warren Street tube station, and within 10 minutes walk from the extensive Regents Park just north of the city. The single room was small but adequately presented. A discount prices was obtained from web based hotel booking service.Breakfast was the classic English breakfast of bacon sausages mash eggs and the lot. Juices are adequate, but the muesli had run out when I got there.Wifi was available free in the room on an unsecured network, with no problems with connection or speed.	
Oct 7 2009	A very enjoyable weekend	A very pleasant hotel in excellent location. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Good choices for breakfast, all fresh and well presented.	
Oct 6 2009 	Average Hotel but overpriced	This hotel is average in it's decor and staff, both of which could be improved with a bit of attention. Food was very good, but expensive even for a Lomdon hotel. The rooms are tiny, again even by London standards. Also, the windows don't open and the heating is always on which makes a very stuffy atmosphere. Overall, there are better hotels for the same money.	
Oct 5 2009 	Nice place to stay!!!!	Me and my girlie friends stayed here for a weekend. We actually booked a triple through superbreak and when we arrived it was a double with sofa bed, we asked to be moved which they attended to straight away, however our new room wasnt what we booked either, this one had 2 single beds but the third was still a sofa bed, on enquiring further the hotel stated that they dont actually have triple rooms so the mistake was with superbreak, we called them and they blamed the travel agent (funny cuz thats me!!!!!) Any way we were now running late for the theatre so we settled for this!!!!Other than this mishap which was no fault of Radisson Edwardian Grafton everything else was great. The room was spacious and had the usual facilities!!!! The check in was speedy and they let us check in early!!!The breakfast was lovely and a great choice, full english, cereal, pastries, fruite, juices and coffee, tea etc!!!! The restaurant was lovely and had a nice relaxed atmosphere!!!!Location was ok, at one end of Tottenham Court Road, accesable by bus or tube ( warren street). 15 min walk from Oxford Street, 25 min walk from Covent Garden. Id stay here again and I would reccomend to a friend!!!!	
Oct 5 2009 	Average Hotel	Good location right by Warren Street tube on the Northern line. Hotel is just ok, prices are in my opinion quite high considering the nicer London hotels you can stay in for the same money.	
Oct 2 2009 	satisfied but had to use underground	I was booked at the Radisson Edwardian but when I got there I was told they were overbooked (see my review there too) and so I got a free taxi and checked in here where the room was much larger as it was for two so my friend who also had booked the Edwardian but was completely thrown out as they claimed that roomsnet never gave them her booking, got to stay with me. Except for the longer ride into the Tottenham Court Rd area where I usually hang out, the hotel served my purpose. Breakfast was fine and staff were very courteous. Room had view of walls but was quiet. Safe, bathroom , tv, etc all worked fine but because of location I wouldn't return.	
Sep 26 2009 	Bait and Switch	My room was paid for weeks in advance of my trip. I showed up at the Radisson Grafton, was kept waiting 10 minutes before even being greeted by anyone, and then was told they were overbooked and would be sending me to another one of their hotels in London. They kept me waiting for another 15 minutes, then dumped me in a cab, which took me to the other side of the city, where I was given a terrible room in the basement! My plans for the weekend are screwed up now as I had selected my hotel for the location and to be on that specific Underground line. Shame on Radisson for treating customers so very poorly! Apparently this is a common practice for them. Lesson learned: never ever stay at a Radisson in London! Not worth the time, money, or hassle.	
Sep 25 2009 	Second Time's A Charm...	We first stayed here in and I was not impressed, the air con didn't work and the staff were rude and snobby. However I did give feedback and was pleasantly surprised when we stayed again a month later. The staff were friendly, helpful and our room (although rather small) was very nice. Bed was comfy and bathroom was a good size. Free wifi was great too. The location is excellent and very convenient walking distance to tube station and Oxford St (about 15 min walk). Lots of eateries and supermarkets nearby...and a laundromat (very happy after 4 weeks travelling!). I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 22 2009 	Good service big and small rooms	First the good: We had very nice service at check-in, Jacqui helped us figure out how to work around a booking mistake on our part. The breakfast was wonderful. Two of us shared a suite and it was a nice, big room. Being next to the Warren Street station is a plus. A 10 minute walk puts you in Leicaster square. On the downside those in our group that had a single room complained about the small size of the room. You can get a great price for these single rooms and they're worth it if you're not going to spend much time in the room. Overall it was a good experience and I would return to this hotel.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great business hotel in ideal location	I stay regularly at the Grafton Tottenham Court Road on business. The hotel is close to my central London office and on the tube network with easy walk to Euston.I am regularly upgraded and the upgraded rooms are good for my purposes.The hotel bar and restaurant is always busy although I tend to eat out of the hotel with the abundance of venues close to the hotel.The staff are vey friendly and often willing to help although the service can dip when the hotel is maxed out.I would happily stay here for either business of pleasure.	
Sep 14 2009 	Excellent Location Clean 	Having stayed at this excellent hotel for four nights we were delighted at the cleanliness of the rooms, bedlinen and bathroom.The staff are without doubt the most helpful and friendly of any of the hotels we have stayed in in London. Breakfast was delightful and had more than enough variety to suit everyone. Hotel well placed for Euston Station - only 10 minutes walk. Tube Station 400 yards. Buses and Taxis right outside. Plenty of places to buy snacks for lunch and a wide variety of resturants nearby.Couldn't have made a better choice to stay. Highly recommended!	
Sep 13 2009 	Could get better for the price you pay!	We went to London for a one night stay so that we could watch Sister Act at the London Palladium (which was fantastic). We decided on this hotel for location but it wasn't as close as we thought it would be. Unfortunately, the underground station right next to the hotel was shut for the weekend otherwise we would have appreciated the location much more. However, the area that the hotel was in was just ok! When we arrived they said that we had booked in a double which infact was wrong, we asked for a twin. They said 'luckily' there was a twin available which came across as bad customer service. We were quite disappointed when we got to our bedroom, it was small, old fashioned and dull. It was also loud at night with the ambulances driving past from the hospital across the road. The hotel would really benefit from a redecoration.We realised that we could have definitely have stayed in a nicer hotel with better location for the same price!	
Sep 13 2009 	Friendly comfortable nicely furnished and clean.	Well positioned within walking distance of Euston,adjacent to underground. Walking distance to main attractions and theatres. Very friendly helpful staff. Room nicely furnished and decorated with crisp, clean bed linen and gleaming spacious bathroom. Breakfast was fabulous with good service and excellant choice. Only complaint as room was at back of hotel no view out of small window, but also no street noise.	
Sep 7 2009 	best hotel i have stayed in central london .	having stayed at the raddisson edwardian grafton hotel , we syayed in one of their suites room ( 245) at the front of the hotel . some reviews said that it was noisey at the front , but i have to say that it was very quiet , and we had 2 good nights sleep . the hotel staff are very friendly and helpful .checkin was very quick.our room had a king size bed ,and A sofa bed . the room room was large with a table and 8 chairs , fridge , air conditioning.the bathroom was 1st class done in marble with seperare shower and bath .the beds are really comfortable, this hotel is spotless really clean.warren st tube station is just outside your door . oxford st is only 2 stops away on the tube ,so excellant location.would highly recommend this hotel to anyone .read some bad reviews about this hotel but take it from me , this is a great hotel to stay in london .desi hunter n .ireland ...................	
Sep 6 2009 	Ghastly room - rockhard bed - excellent breakfast	My husband and I booked this hotel because of its location to Camden Centre and Euston Station We arrived on Friday 4th September 2009 for two nights bed &amp; breakfast. The check in was speedy staff very friendly. We were allocated room 465 a double room. The room was at the back of the hotel. It was a bit disappointing for a four star. I didn't like that there were no nets at the windows just Roman Blinds. With blinds open you felt like you were in full view to the other guests across the way. No bedside lamps just down lighters horrible to use for reading. The worst was the bed - OK it had nice crisp clean cotton sheets but the mattress was rock hard you could feel the springs really cheap and nasty. Altogether not a room you wanted to spend anytime in. Upside breakfast and friendly efficient staff.	
Sep 3 2009 	Wonderful Stay at the Grafton	My fifteen year-old daughter and I spent five nights at the Radisson Edwardian Grafton during our recent visit to London. We could not have been more pleased with our experience with this hotel.We arrived at the Grafton at about 10:00 on a Sunday morning after a long, overnight flight from Grand Rapids via Chicago, followed by a tube ride from Heathrow Airport. We arrived at the hotel hoping to check our luggage and kill some time in the city until we could check in. To our pleasant surprise, we were informed that our room would be ready in a few minutes and we could check in then. By 10:30 we were in our room, freshening up and resting a bit before our first day in this amazing city.Our room was not as large as we are accustomed to in the US, but it was very nice. The view was not great as we were on a small courtyard facing other rooms across the way, but then we didn’t fly to London to stay in our hotel and look out the window! The bathroom was exceptionally clean and modern with a nice, hot shower. There was a nice, big closet large enough to hold our luggage and hang our clothes. One unexpected feature in our room was a 110 volt outlet for our American electronics. This was nice so we could charge my laptop, iPods, etc. I would say that the only downside to our room was that the carpeting was beginning to look “tired”. Even so, the room was as nice or better than I had anticipated.The British Breakfast that was included in our package was very good. Fresh fruit, pastries, three kinds of eggs, bacon, sausage, toast, juice, etc. was available each morning. The staff was very friendly and attentive to our need each morning.The location of the Grafton is fantastic. The front is three doors down from the Warren Street subway station. How nice it was to leave our hotel and be just a few steps away from the tube. The area around the hotel felt very safe at all times of day. Located across the street from the hotel is a Sainsbury’s grocery store, perfect for picking up snack items, backed goods, sodas, etc. at a reasonable cost. Other businesses on the same block include a pharmacy, PC World computer store, Wasabi Sushi restaurant, Subway restaurant, McDonald’s, banks, and several smaller, independent restaurants. One of London’s hospitals is just a block north of the hotel.The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly. They were very attentive to our needs and always made us feel welcome in their hotel.In short, we had a wonderful experience at the Grafton. Should we return to London – (I hope to again soon!) – I would eagerly stay at the Grafton again.	
Sep 2 2009 	My Radisson Experience	We stayed for 3 nights in the Hotel, and it was &quot;BRILLIANT&quot;. The staff were superb, the rooms were top quality, and the food was great.	
Aug 30 2009 	Good sized rooms and great service at breakfast time very clean and friendly	Myself husband and two children stayed for 2 nights 19-21 August 2009. Our check in was very quick and easy by very friendly staff.On both days we were given free morning newspapers and the lifts could only be operated by our room card, which we thought was very good from a security point of view.We only stayed B&amp;B but the staff who served us in the resaurant for breakfast were very quick friendly and efficient, even our two young children were given hot chocolate which we thought was very good. The choice of hot and cold food was varied and well presented with plenty to choose from.The room was very clean, with added extras like an iron and ironing board plus the use of a safe (at no extra cost) nice touch as lots of other hotels do charge for these. The maids were also very nice and friendly, our bedding was turned down every day and we got fresh towels also.Check out was also very quick and easy, the concierge put our bags in a safe room for us on our departure day so we could spend a few ours in London without them.We were very pleased to discover that just round the corner from our hotel literally 25 yards was a tube station (Warren St) great for us for getting around London. All in all a very enjoyable stay!We would all love to stop here again and would recommend this hotel to anyway especially families.	
Aug 29 2009 	Not quite as good as we expected for a 4 start hotel.	We booked this hotel because of its location to the theatres, we had a standard room, and paid the top price for it, as I was using airmiles. The staff are very helpful and friendly, the Aston bar was OK but lacked any kind of atmosphere, Breakfast was excellent, but sadly the room was not up to standard, the bed was very unconfortable, in that is was rock hard, and creaked at the slightest movement, the A/C was so noisey it would have been impossible to sleep with it running, the room was very shabby, with stains on the carpet, and wallpaper peeling off the walls. I like to read at night, but we didn't have a bedside lamp, so it meant having the main light on. it didn't live up to what you expect from a 4 star hotel. we stayed in room 230 on the second floor. Overall the hotel offers good service but poor value and comfort...	
Aug 26 2009 	It was OK just OK	As far as cleanliness &amp; staff are concerned I couldn't fault it, but for the money I paid (bearing in mind I got my travel agent staff discount) I expected more from the rooms. Small doesn't cover it, there was a foot of space between the end of the bed and the wall, you can't see out the windows as they are frosted over - probable for our privacy I understand but nontheless I didn't like it and it made the room dark. Breakfast was OK with plenty of choice &amp; they didn't quibble when we turned up a hour before the alloted check in time which was excellent customer service. Good connections to anywhere in London from Warren Street station which is a hop, skip &amp; a jump away. Plenty of food establishments &amp; shops locally, there is also an A&amp;E dept across the road.....cue the nee nahs all night! All in all I would go back but only if there is a special offer on!!!PS. If you are splashing out on a nice meal out try 'Rules' in Covent Garden - it's FAB!	
Aug 23 2009 	expected more	great location couldnt get better rooms are dark and so small we couldnt wait to get out the beds were hard and the breakfast was nice but the service was shocking .	
Aug 22 2009	Excellent value good location	I have stayed at this hotel several times, most recently August 09. During this stay I was impressed by the level of customer service. Shortly after arriving a lady, who I think is possibly head of Housekeeping, knocked on the door to ask if everything was to our satisfaction. It was, except there was no iron or ironing board in the room. She arrived back moments later with the items.The room and bathroom were spacious and very clean, and subsequently cleaned thoroughly during our stay. The breakfast buffet was nice, the usual on offer including cooked items. They were a little bit quick to take away plates though, when we had barely finished eating. Staff throughout the hotel were friendly yet professional. The hotel is in a good location next to Warren Street tube station, and there is a bus stop right outside. Security is very good in the hotel, a key card is required to use the lift and to gain access to the corridors leading to the rooms. My only complaint, although not the fault of the hotel, was music from a pub across the street but this did stop before 1am and was only one night. I will most definitely return to this hotel and would highly recommend it.	
Aug 19 2009 	Good Hotel ideally placed	We stayed here for 2 nights and found the hotel to be just about what we expected after reading the other reviews. Clean, spacious room (we were on the 4th floor), the only problem was the lighting in the rooms, it seemed to be all or nothing with strong spot lights on the bed which sort of made reading a bit difficult. Breakfasts were great, staff were friendly and we would go back again if we needed a central location.	
Aug 18 2009 	Oh no didn't like this one	I have to say, I expected better things from this hotel but this had to have been one of the worse hotels I have stayed in. It's dated, the air con did not work and the lift was as fast as a snail! I won't be staying here again.	
Aug 14 2009 	V. small rooms outdated but good location	great location for busy with euston station within 5mins walk and Warren tube next door but constant noisy from Tottenham Court Road and side streets is not good unless you are in the very back of hotel which offers no view at all but that is typical of London. I did not eat here but there are a number of cafes/pubs/restaurants right outside which are much more value for money. Staff were ok but not overly polite and the checkin queues are confusing. I am fairly petite and found the tiny bathroom a struggle with no sink space and no shelves around the shower. The best thing about it is the clean bathroom and the nice bed linen. I don't think I'll be back.	
Aug 13 2009 	Functional but not friendly	We stayed here for a weekend with the main purpose of visiting the theatre to see Lion King. The location is great, only 10 mins max from Euston station if you want to avoid the undergroung. There are also taxis just across the road and busses run frequently past the door of the hotel. The hotel is clean and fairly well maintained. It just lacks something that makes it enjoyable rather than functional. Breakfast is good (mmmm, crispy bacon!) with plenty of choice but it is drummed into you to arrive early to avoid a que. 0830 was spot on and we went straight to a table. Staff were &quot;ok&quot;. No complaints but no compliments either, they just did their job and it was nothing special. The bar is very expensive with zero atmosphere, just go out of the front door, turn right and there are some very nice pubs and restaurants a short walk away. The room was clean and served the purpose. The bathroom was very nice although fairly small. The tv was old and had terrible sound but we were not to bothered by that. The bed was very comfortable, the room well equipped with an iron and board, hairdryer, tea and coffee and wine glasses. Only complaint was only 1 cup in a double room. We rang down to reception to ask for another as we fancied a coffee after an evening out (boring I know!) waited an hour for one to arrive then gave up. One big plus is the concierge service is great. We left our luggage in the morning before we checked in and all day after we checked out, no problems. We also requested a quiet room and were put at the back of the hotel, the view is not so good but it is very quiet there, no street noise whatsoever.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great Hotel	Stayed here with my wife and 2 daughters on a long weekend. Lovely hotel with v friendly staff. Great location with tube station less than 50 mtrs away. Rooms were fine.Our daughters' room was slighter better equiped than ours!! Lack of storage space in our bathroom was a minus point. Breakfast was superb. Great choice and piping hot. We found the arrangements for using the lift a bit of a fiddle ( you have to use your room card to operate it), to the extent that we tended to use the stairs. Would definitely stay again	
Aug 8 2009 	Found the room big for a single by Euro standards and nice accessories	I booked this hotel because it is directly across the street from a London Underground station, Warrent Street Station, that requires only one change of lines from Heathrow and one of the lines at this station is a direct shot to the theatre district where I have reservations for &quot;La Cage Aux Folles.&quot; I was not expecting much considering some of the reviews here, but found the checkin quick and easy and the staff pleasant and knowledgeable. They have about half a dozen checkin stands with just a flat panel monitor, so in a crunch, I guess they could open morel. The single room was a bed larger than a two, but I believe smaller than a full. The room had new phones, but a tiny TV if you think you will be spending time watching it. WIRELESS INTERNET was FREE - always a plus. The bathroom had only a shower, so if that is an issue, I guess you would need to contact the hotel directly if you needed a tub, but I only take showers anyway. The bathroom was clean, but it was tiny - as tiny as expected. I got some special rate for $115 USD which was substantially less than the the next best rate. As I monitored the rate, I saw it disappear and return on the Radisson web sites multiple times. It was strictly for a single room, no breakfast. I hightly recommend, &quot;La Cage&quot; as well. Oh, the area around the hotel is not of particular touristic significance, but on the ground floor of the block that contains the hotel, you will find all the services you need, a few pubs, small restaurants, pharmacy, moderate size chain grocery store across the street and so on.	
Aug 6 2009 	Family freindly hotel at a noisy location	The suite is excellent for a family with kids and the design of both room and bath is up to date, light and nice. The only problem the rooms do have is that Tottenham Court Road has a lot of traffic among other things police cars and ambulances, which turn into unpleasant music also during night time. The location of the hotel is central for both business and leisure trips to London, but it will recommend this hotel for leisure purpose due to the fact that the price, room size and understanding of kids seems slightly more attractive to a family compared to other Radisson Edwardian hotels in London	
Aug 6 2009 	Good location for tube	We booked this hotel as a special deal that they were doing with a theatre show. Location was good as we were going to see &quot;We will rock you &quot;and the hotel is right by Warren street so great tube access. Unfortunatley though when we got to our room we were very dissappointed. We had booked a standard room and this was very small. I had stayed in Radisoon's before and the standard rooms were not this size. My husband is 6ft 5 and when he lay on the bed his feet could touh the wall. As this visit was for a special occasion we had to upgrade to the deluxe as we would not have been comfortable in this room. The deluxe room was much better and alot more spacious. Breakfast was also included in our deal and there was plenty of variety. All in all good location for tube links just a shame there standard room was so small.	
Aug 3 2009 	Not worth the money	I booked the Radisson as a last minute whim for a nice weekend in london. I've stayed in lot's of radissons all over the UK and also stayed in the Bloomsbury property in london. I wasn't overly impressed with this one in comparison. I arrived in the foyer which is very nice presentable and had an art deco feel to it. The lady was very nice but did keep us standing for a while during check in. We then went up to our double standard room not having been shown which way it was or how to get there, The hotels overall layout wasn't easy to get your head round. We finally found our room and it was incredibally small. There are no flatscreen TV's so the &quot;technology&quot; did seem rather dated. We rang reception and asked if we could upgrade so after paying the £97 for the standard room we were given an executive suite for a further £80! For this i expected everything only to find it didn't include breakfast which is unusual for an executive suite. We got to the room on the 5th floor and it was very nice but the lady had advised us it had a dvd player and flat screen which it didn't. we were a little disappointed but settled in anyway after spending over half an hour messing around with check in and the rooms. The bed was a bit on the hard side and some of the furnishings in the bathroom needed renewing. It had a seperate shower and bath which was lovely and there was plenty of room - the big selling point was the decking with table and chairs on a balcony which was really nice. I'd probably chose somewhere else next time for the money we paid. I found the staff pretty unhelpful for most of the stay.	
Aug 2 2009 	Lovely Hotel	The hotel/rooms were very clean and looked after, Unfortunatlely we did not find the staff very welcoming. Bar staff made us feel very uncomfortable chatting amongst one another.	
Aug 1 2009 	Excellent Location. Some Issues. Take a room in the back section.	I've stayed at this hotel twice now (the first time I liked it better, for the reasons I'll get to in a moment). The location is, as others have mentioned in the reviews, excellent next to the Warren Street tube station. The hotel is split into two halves, a front section and a back section which apparently are two separate buildings, connected on each floor by a medium length hallway. The back section was far preferable and is where I stayed my first visit. The front section has a west side that faces Tottenham Court Road and which I found very noisy on the second floor for most of the night with late night passerbys, maintenance trucks at 4am, the usual big city noises. Also the wireless internet (which is free, a good thing) worked perfectly on the first visit and was very spotty on the last. I do like the hotel and would stay here again, however, I would ensure I stayed in the back section of the hotel. It's about the closest hotel at a reasonable price I've found that is an easy tube ride to Soho/Carnaby, which is my daily destination when in town.	
Jul 31 2009	Lovely hotel - great location for the tube	Me and my neice stayed at this hotel for 1 night as we were going to see the WICKED show. Really nice hotel and in a great location. All staff really nice and very welcoming. Rooms of good size considering this is London and nice decor.	
Jul 27 2009 	Very Good!	Less than 10 minutes walk from Euston Station. We booked a deluxe room and we were really pleased with it. Reception staff great and left luggage facility ideal. We did have a worry about the noise from the road but this proved unfounded and had a wonderful nights sleep. Only downside was Sunday breakfast. We followed the hotels advice to avoid the peak period of 9-10 but even at 8.15 we had to queue. Only half the eating area was open at this time although it was opened later. Coffee refills and requests for toast and more butter were met with long delays. As we left breakfast the queue snaked out of the eating area and into reception. Very chaotic! We fed this back on departure and were told that it was always like this on a Sunday.Having said this we would certainly stay again and would recommend it! Just avoid peak times for breakfast.	
Jul 24 2009	Excellent Contemporary Hotel in very convenient setting	I stayed here with my daughter for one night on a Superbreak in order that we may collect her wedding dress.It is so conveninet for transportation being right next to Warren Street.Staff were very friendly and helpful.Rooms were comfortable,well furnished and modern.Bathrooms were lovely.Everything you could need and very clean.The breakfast was extensive and of very good quality (no cheap sausages etc).All in all we would try to stay here again.	
Jul 24 2009 	great hotel	We arrived here on monday 13th july for 2 nights we had booked a double and a twin for the kids, i had requested rooms at the rear after reading other reviews about the noise at the front of the hotel.When we arrrived this had not been arranged and the hotel was full so we took what they had which was 317 and 319, the rooms were ok ours the double was very small, I found the street noise really bad as there is a hospital accross the road but my wife and the kids slept all night no problem, the kids twin room was much bigger than our double.Next morning i spoke with the duty manager and requested a change of room to the rear this was done with no argument and i slept fine the next night, If you are a light sleeper request a rear room not facing the road.Breakfast was very good with a great selection of hot and cold and it was never too busy and the staff were very accomodating no complaints here at all. We then went to Disneyland Paris for 5 days and returned to the hotel on the 19th for a further 4 days.This time we were given an upgrade to a king room 319 and the kids had a twin next door 317 there were bigger rooms and both faced the rear.Once again the staff and service was great and we dealt with a very very nice lady on reception called Ranjin who was superb and could not do enough to help, always had a cheery smile when we returned to the hotel after a hard days sightseeing.We did not eat any other food in the hotel other than breakfast whoch was very good and we ate at different times ranging from 7.30 to one day at 0950 as we had slept in and we always got a table and there was always plenty of food, the restaurant manager was also excellent.The only issue I had was with a barman who served me flat champagne that tasted like wine and when i returned the glass to the bar his colleague change it right away but he wanted to argue about it despite it being clear to a blind man that the difference between the 2 glasses was like night and day, this is not the way to treat a customer.Apart from this one individual we had a great time at this hotel and would go back without question and would have no qualms about recommending it to others, but if you are a light sleeper request a room NOT facing the main road.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great for a weekend break	I stayed here on July 17th for one night and cannot fault the place. The room was slightly small but it did the job. Had adequate wardrobe space, iron if you need it, tea/coffee making facilities, tv and hairdryer. The bathroom only has shower gel provided so take your own shampoo etc.We were able to check in before 2pm which was a bonus, breakfast was very good for the price, you can have cereal, english breakfast and fruit, all buffet style. Great location as well right by Warren Street Tube (Tottenham Court Road tube is right at the other end!)All in all perfect for a few nights stay. You can also leave your luggage as we did after checking out for a few hours as we had a few more sights to see before collecting at no extra cost.	
Jul 17 2009 	Friendly staff very convenient location	I received a great welcome at the hotel. The room was large, if a bit 'faded', but had pretty much all I needed for my overnight stay. The service in the restaurant both in the evening and at breakfast was excellent and the staff seemed to work very well as a team to provide a good service. Disappointed with the bathroom extras (only soap dispensers), and no biscuits with the tea/coffee making facilities! For the purposes of my stay it was very conveniently located almost on the doorstep of Warren Street Underground Station.	
Jul 14 2009 	Brilliant stay	We booked a 2 night 3 day break in london and chose this hotel over a number of others and glad we did. it's central postion is brill for theatre land and only 100 mts from tube to get anywhere.Brilliant breakfast included in the price, everything anyone would need.Rooms and hotel very clean and modern, staff very helpfull, would stay again	
Jul 13 2009 	my second stay and it wont be my last	lovely quiet room at the back of hotel,as i requested. room ready dispite my early arrival. staff helpful and location fab!	
Jul 13 2009 	Great location small but very clean and nice room.	I stayed here to allow me to catch up with friends in London for the weekend as I live down near Dover.I booked a single room which I was allow to check in to early (they said it wasn't ready when I got there but I asked them to check if there was one that was available which they did without question).The room was very small, but not so much that it was cramped or anything. The room facilities were quite nice and everything was clean and well-kept. There was no view (the frosted windows hid a typical London back-window scene of pipes, air-conditioning,etc) but I wasn't there for the view.Despite a lot of mechanical bits being outside my window it was perfectly quiet (and I'm a very light sleeper so I was grateful.The rooms have a &quot;please do not disturb&quot; or &quot;please make up my room&quot; electric button which you can use, however they glow very brightly so I chose to leave it off... not sure if this is why I had a member of staff open the door on me the next morning without even knocking! Thankfully I was fully clothed, and not caught in any embarrassing situation.All-in-all a good hotel experience. Almost next door to Warren St Tube Station too which was very handy.	
Jul 13 2009 	Excellent stay	Have just returned from a short stay at this hotel chosen for proximity to theatre. We were both impressed by the staff, all those we came in contact with were very helpful and polite. Message left on our room phone whilst we were out by hotel staff enquiring if all was ok and if they could be of further assistance. The room was spacious, clean and comfortable. At check out automatically asked if we wanted our luggage stored whilst we went to Covent Garden for the rest of the day. I know this is not unique but some hotels do not offer this service &quot;for security reasons&quot;. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great quality/prica ration in the center of London	The hoteal provides an excellent quality/price ration in the middle of London. Spacey rooms, good service and great location, with inmediate access to Subway and a great surrounding for lunch &amp; dinner.It is the 3rd time I stay in this hotel, and will continue coming in the future.	
Jul 11 2009 	A great choice	We chose this hotel because it was within walking distance of Soho and theatreland and were not disappointed. We were staying Friday till Sunday and arrived around 10.30 hoping to leave our bags with the concierge but were delighted when the room was ready. Checkin was quick and friendly. We were allocated one at the back of the hotel (to my relief as I had forgotten to ask for this). Our double room was fairly roomy by London standards, spotless and had every facility we needed for a city break. We had heard that breakfast could be a problem, and received some information under the door that said 9-10 was likely to be busy. We arrived around 8.15-8.30 both mornings and although this was slightly earlier than we would normally breakfast, we appreciated missing the rush. We just had a slight hitch on the first day when three servers seemed to have a problem bringing white toast but apart from that the service and food were excellent.We were disappointed that Warren St station was closed for Sat and Sunday but there are various other stations in easy walking distance. There is a good range of shops, pubs and eating places around and it is within reasonable walking distance of Theatreland if you fancy the exercise. The hotel had an excellent 3 course pre-theatre meal which we didn't take advantage of as we had other plans, but we would certainly consider this WHEN we stay again.	
Jul 7 2009 	No room	I didn't actually stay here as, despite booking directly with the hotel and a phone call from them to confirm my arrival time, when I arrived they did not have a room for me. I had told them I would arrive between 9 and 11pm and I actually arrived around 10pm. I had to wait for about 20 minutes before they told me. They did book me into a nearby hotel - not a Radisson as apparently there was no space in any of those - and they did provide a taxi to the new hotel, but nonetheless as a lone female traveller who is unfamiliar with London, fairly late on Saturday night, I found the whole experience uncomfortable. What is the point of confirming a booking if they just ignore this?	
Jul 6 2009 	Comfort in the city centre	A hotewl well located on Tottenham Court Rd providing everything the business traveller needs. Good rooms with tasteful decoration and all the facilities work. Staff were very friendly and very professional and seemd genuinely pleased to welcome you. The hotel does good food but if you like to getout and about there are plentyl of excellent restaurants in the area and lots of good pubs.	
Jul 3 2009 	Stayed 3 nights 	First night, the room (461) had a stale smell to it, but I could live with that. Everything was OK until I ran a bath late in the evening and the water was brown. Very brown. The staff responded quickly, but couldn't fix it so I was moved the next day. I wasn't going to shower in contaminated water though, so less than ideal.Second night, room (123) was clean, smelt much better, everything fine until 6am when I heard boxes/crates being thrown outside my window. (This may have been from the kitchens, or from the neighbouring businesses). Not once, twice, or even three times, but about five times at 5-10 minute intervals. My alarm was set for 7.30, and I'd been out for a formal dinner the night before, so the early start was not welcome. I requested a move again.Third night, again room 101 [were staff trying to tell me something??] was clean, and didn't have the stale smell to it. There was no problem with the sound ... but unlike the other two rooms, the aircon was controlled by a dial. The local papers' headline was &quot;London hits 33'C&quot;, but my dial just went round and round. It wasn't hot, but it certainly didn't feel cool. Another disturbed night.Add to all of that, when I last stayed two years ago, I had such an awful night I complained then too. This time the supervisor put a note on the system explaining I would simply like a good night's sleep, in either a quiet room, or one where the aircon was working. Alas, this time that was achieved for just 1/3 nights. I won't be returning. (Which is a shame, because the staff were polite and always helpful.)	
Jul 2 2009 	Perfect for a city break	I have stayed at the Grafton a few times now for business. The location is ideal, very close to a tube station so you can get wherever you need to, but not so close that you can hear it from your hotel. The rooms are well appointed and the staff friendly and helpful. The breakfast has a good choice and sets you up for a day of business or sightseeing.	
Jul 1 2009 	Pleasant	We stayed here for our first 3 nights of travelling throughout the UK and Europe and found the room clean and tidy. The room itself was small but we only came back to it at the end of the day for sleeping anyway so it wasnt a problem for us. The bathroom was clean and modern however the shower is very small. Breakfast was fine with a good variety and staff were pleasant.	
Jun 30 2009 	impressive relaxing warm and friendly venue	This was my first stay here, it won't be my last. I found the hotel excellent value for money, the room was of a high standard for the price offered. The hotel was immaculately clean and I found all of the staff went out of their way to make me feel welcomed. No enquiry was too small for them to deal with and even when i sat for a cooling drink at the bar before heading into town the staff made me feel very welcome (solo traveller).I would defenately recommend this venue to other travellers.	
Jun 28 2009 	Great spacious room and spotless	We stayed here for the third time as its a good safe bet being in a chain in London as there is so much stuff there that is poor quality.. Good spacious accommodation but you're not guaranteed to get a view as some of the rooms just face the roof generators and stuff. Great location just next to Warren St tube station, but u will need to walk or ride to London attractions. Staff mainly foreign but all English speaking (apart from Chamber staff) and our welcome was great with a polite and very helpful English lady. We have stayed in the regular rooms here too and they are ok but its worth the upgrade to have plenty of space. Ice machines in corridors rarely work but just dial 0 and you will get ice brought to your room for no charge. Bathroom spotless as you'd expect with good quality linen. I asked about bus services and the staff weren't very knowlegable on this but we found the bus stop into town which is about 3 mins walk from the hotel.	
Jun 21 2009	Lovely friendly and helpful Hotel	the hotel staff were very helpful and friendly the rooms were spacious and comfortable.I would go back there when in London again .A lovely clean very nice Hotel .	
Jun 19 2009 	A good deal for a great weekend	We have chosen to stay at the Grafton four times now when we fancy a cultural break in London. It si ideally situated near Warren St. tube station and so handy for the west end. We always get a good welcome and usually get a room upgrade and king size bed. The rooms are tastefully furnished if a little dark and a good power shower. The staff are really welcoming and obliging and they cannot do enough to help you. The breakfasts are really nice so much to chose from nicely presented and lots of healthy options. For a two night break we only paid £129 for two of us and we think that is great valueJane P of York	
Jun 19 2009 	A pleasent nights rest in Central London	We just needed somewhere to lay our heads for the night after attending a family party and have a night away from the kids; the Radisson Grafton was the ideal place. A comfy clean room at the back of the hotel with little noise, we could have stayed for days. I made the reservation by phone (web site was not working) and the lady was professional, courteous and friendly. Upon arrival, check in was painless and straight forward. The bed, when we eventually got to it, was comfortable and we slept brilliantly (no kids!). The buffet style breakfast was a treat, the food excellent and the staff wonderful.Highly recomended.Sirs,	
Jun 15 2009 	v Good Hotel	Stayed for one night as part of a xmas pressie from my Husband this is a very clean hotel ,staff were friendly !!A good selection at breakfast would defo stay their again as location good for Oxford street and Covent Garden .	
Jun 14 2009 	Very good hotel professional staff and friendly atmosphere.	A very good hotel. Having stayed there a number of times, each occasion has been consistently met with professional staff, excellent service and a sense that all of my needs as a customer had been met.	
Jun 14 2009 	Great location and comfortable hotel	I stayed here with my sister as part of a theatre package. Our room was not ready when we tried to check in early but they arranged for it to be done as a priority. The room was of a good size with a nice bathroom at the rear of the hotel. The hotel was very busy but quiet. Breakfast was included in our package. Breakfast was a buffet breakfast and had plenty of choice. The hotel was close to Oxford Street and right next to Warren Street tube station so was very easy to get around. I thought this was a nice hotel and would recommend it to anyone travelling to London.	
Jun 11 2009 	Great business meeting and service	Used the hotel for a recruitment meeting, the staff, food, room and service were all excellent.	
Jun 11 2009 	nice breakfast - horrible room	Good things first: breakfast was excellent, staff professional and friendly, nice lobby with cool art deco details. Picked it because of its proximity to my soho destination, turned out it wasn't so close after all, it's located at the top of tottenham court road, and that road is long - but for 100 euros it's ok. Problem is - the room was awfully small located few metres above street level with the bed facing a big window facing the tube station exit, felt like sleeping in a corridor facing the street, not very pleasant at all, there was also a lot of hustle and bustle on the street below throughout the night, making a good nights sleep impossible. There was also a 2 cm glitch between the floor and the door towards the corridor. Bedpost lamp was a halogen spotlight from the ceiling, lighting up the whole room, just too bright for comfort. Room was clean enough, but window frames were extremely dirty. I guess you weren't supposed to pull up the curtain anyway, as you were basically on the street. Be sure to get a room on the upper floors if you go there, and bring earplugs. T	
Jun 11 2009 	Great Hotel	I stayed at the radisson for 2 nights at the start of June. This was my 2nd stay at the hotel and I was very impressed. I was upgraded upon check in which was a pleasant surprise. The staff very very helpful and the rooms were great. I would go back again for sure	
Jun 9 2009 	Clean comfortable and stylish	I regularly isit this hotel when on business- whilst the bedrooms are all relatively small like most London Hotels everything is comfortable cleaning with very good air con and ice machines. Breakfast service is very efficient with a wide range of food options. Staff are helpful and atttentive. Top tips ask for a room with a bath and at the rear of the hotel to ensure a quiet restful night. The hotel is very central and convienent for both Warren St and Euston Square Underground stations	
Jun 1 2009 	Not good enough for the price	Firstly the positives: this is a reasonably well located hotel and the staff were generally helpful and courteous. Our deluxe room (we had paid to upgrade as it was our anniversary) was a very good size. We had requested a quiet room and were given a room at the back of the hotel, away from traffic noise. Unfortunately we seemed to have a whole bank of air con units below our window which meant that, even with our windows shut, the noise of the constant hum of the units in the room was a bit like being on a plane. I had stayed in a Premier Inn for business the night before and whilst the quality and range of facilities was higher in the Radisson, as you would expect, I had a much better night's sleep and more pleasant stay in the Premier Inn which was a real shame when I had paid double the amount at the Radisson.Finally, a warning for anyone wanting breakfast... the breakfast room is far too small for a hotel of this size so be prepared to queue a lot. Not just to get a table in the first place, but also to get any food. The hotel management, in their wisdom, have located all of the hot and cold food, cereals, pastries etc in the same part of the breakfast room which meant that everyone has to queue (for quite a long time) for any food item. By the time we finished breakfast, the food queue snaked around most of the room. This meant you pretty much had to load up with everything you think you need to eat in one go, to avoid having to queue a second time, and also that you then had to eat breakfast with a queue of people right next to your table. Hardly relaxing and very poor value bearing in mind the high cost of the breakfast. If you have time, I would strongly recommend getting breakfast at one of the many cafes in the area instead.	
May 31 2009 	Good location	Booked this hotel through the radisson site direct as I am a goldplus member. Went for the online check in as it would save time. We went to London for one night to catch a show for my girlfriends birthday. On arrival we were asked to check in even when I had already checked in online( the staff seemed unaware of online checkin. We were told we were getting an upgraded room and sent to the 2nd floor. The room was small and clean (I would not like to see the standard room) but very very hot. I turned the A/C down to the lowest setting but still the room was like a sauna. We could open the windows but it was on to the busy street below and to much noise could be heard as the hotel is across the street from a main hospital. When we got back I received an email comment card from the Radison website asking for my comments. I was then emailed and advised I would be receiving a free upgrade if I stayed with them again All in all a good central hotel if you can deal with the sauna like rooms.	
May 29 2009 	Excellent hotel well situated for sightseeing	situated about 5 mins walk from Euston Station. Within walking distance from west end, Oxford Street and Soho. Tube station just next door for all other sights. Staff really helpful, courteous and friendly. This is our second stay and will definitely come again.	
May 26 2009 	Clean and safe in Central London	The hotel is very clean, the staff courteous and helpful. A good breakfast. A good location and the room not too noisy considering its in central London.	
May 25 2009 	Here's a hotel you should get to know	The Radisson Edwardian Grafton hotel is a chain hotel which offers a combination of location, comfort and relatively reasonable prices in London. The hotel is situated at the top of Tottenham Court Road, next to the Warren Street tube station, and within walking distance of three major railroad stations (Euston, King's Cross and St. Pancras International). Oxford street is a 2-station ride from the Warren St. station, or a comfortable 20 minute walk. Several bus lines stop in front of the hotel or within a few steps of the hotel. The hotel appears to have been created by remodeling several existing buildings, and has all of the comfort and conveniences one expects in a first-class hotel. The rooms are relatively spacious, and well-equipped. The bathrooms are fine, and the over-sized bath towels a real pleasure to use after showering. The closet houses an ironing board and iron, and even a sewing kit for those emergency repairs. All rooms are equipped for wi-fi internet access, which is free and unlimited for hotel guests, and a daily newspaper is delivered to the room each weekday morning.The English breakfast available as part of certain rate packages is all that one expects, with a very wide choice of edibles and beverages. Travelers should be aware that room rates are significantly lower on the week-end.About the only criticism I can make is that the check-out time (11 a.m.) is a bit early, but it should be noted that the concierge has a baggage storage room where he will be happy to keep your bags until later in the day.	
May 22 2009	OUR ANNUAL REUNION	How can you improve upon perfection? Our group has used this hotel for a number of years but this year's reunion lunch was the best yet. 58 of us sat down to good food, well presented, attended by an attentive staff (full marks to Alfredo and Fayssal) in comfortable surroundings (The Warren Room) in a hotel well situated (next door to Warren Street Underground Station) for Central London.We hold at least one reunion per annum and would have no hesitation in choosing the Grafton again for future year's events.	
May 20 2009 	Quality Hotel wiTh Friendly Attentive Staff	I have stayed in this hotel on several occasions this year and have no intention of staying anywhere esle when I am in London. I have tried several others but they do not compare with the Edwardian Grafton. The staff are welcoming and attentive, making every effort to please. The location is good being very close to a tube station and there are many eating places and pubs near by. Well situated for any activity you would wish to take part in if sightseeing. An all round excellent choice for a stay of any length.	
May 19 2009 	Weekend Break	Exellent hotel, great location, easy walking to most tourist sites and theatre land.Rooms were very comfortable, very clean,quiet, although we were at the back of the hotel, Reccomend breakfast but suggest that you eat before nine oclock to avoid waiting.All in all an exellent weekend.	
May 15 2009 	Excllent staff convenient position.	Staff friendly without being intrusive. Desk staff, concierge and bar/restuarant staff polite and friendly. They are the hotel's best assets.	
May 14 2009 	to see the show	We traveled to London to see my son perform at RADA. When searching for a hotel I wanted to get as close to the school as possible so we would be in walking distance and it was a great pick! Upon on entering the hotel we were greeted cordially and had to worry about nothing!!! The breakfast served was AWESOME and the servers were so pleasant! Also when we arrived our son decided to stay with us in the hotel and we upgraded to a triple room and didn't have to worry about a thing! Very nice and accomodating employees and best of all, spoke English very well. The location is great - an underground station right outside the door.	
May 14 2009 	Very fancy and central	Superb service - only the poor barman didn't understand the difference between diet coke and real coke, kept getting them mixed up, and couldn't mix a cocktail to save his life. But a very minor gripe in an excellent experience. Bar meals were substantial and tasty, rooms were plush and quiet, security was excellent (no access above ground floor without a room key). Extremely central, late night supermarket opposite for all your last minute needs, comfy beds.	
May 11 2009 	Very nice!	A great location, good staff, free Internet and a nice room. What more do you need? The bed was excellent, but if you don't like noise you should ask for a room not facing Tottenham Court Road.	
May 8 2009 	Good hotel Great staff	I stayed here for one night, in order to attend a social function and got a room for £100 with laterooms.com. When I arrived to check-in, there was no record of my booking (not good, laterooms!). However, the extremely helpful chap at the front desk gave me access to the business suite, so that I could check my email and when nothing more could be done, he honoured the price and booked me in himself. This is good service and the kind of thing that makes me think about staying in a Radisson again.The hotel itself is nice - the common areas are well-presented, the bar is pleasant and the staff are generally attentive.The room was a good size, but don't expect any large-panel TVs - mine had a little 14&quot; job from the early 90s! Still, I wasn't there to watch TV. It was also a country-mile from the reception - I needed to leave a trail of breadcrumbs to find my room again that night!Overall, clean rooms, good staff and good value.	
May 7 2009 	Great hotel in an ideal location	I wanted to stay in the centre of London where I could walk to the attractions if I wanted and I could. The tube was next door and less than 10mins in a taxi from Kings Cross. The staff were very helpful during the whole of our stay, at booking-in, breakfast room and at check-out. Our bags after check-out were locked away while we made use of the last day. Whatever I asked of the staff was done.	
May 6 2009 	A great friendly comfortable place to stay home from home	A friendly hotel with good comfortable room and an excellent service that cares for its guests and makes them very welcome. Location on north side of London is handy for central London and for mail line railway stations with access to underground close by.Staff afford everyone a friendly welcome and good service.	
May 4 2009 	A hotel close to euston giving a great service	The hotel was close to all tube and national rail links. The staff were friendly and eager to help. the rooms were of a very good standard, breakfast was excellent. the hotel is close enough for easy access to the west end. We have already booked for another trip in May.	
Apr 28 2009 	OK-just !	I love London, so to go when someone else is paying (work) is always a delight. I have had this pleasure 6 times in recent months and although I have been to the Radisson for meetings this is the first time I have stayed. So everything I say has to be taken from the view that I didn't pay, but if I had I would have been underwhelmed.It is in an OK location, saying it is near a tube station as an advantage, well all the hotels I have stayed in have been near a tube, so its average. It is not particularly near any attractions, the British Museum is a15 minute walk as is the British Library, average again.The food is OK but was not available for the time we booked it, but the staff were pleasant about the delay, but they should be, that's customer service.Our room had an indelible foot mark on the loo seat, ingrained stains on the bed side shelf. The electricity didn't work , but did when we complained ,thanks again to a very nice maintenace man who fixed it.The bed was like me , a bit cream crackered (note the cockney rhyming slang for our American readers). But everyone was very pleasant, and the best thing was it didn't cost me a penny, but if I had had to pay the £155. bed price I would have thought it was...OK.....just !	
Apr 27 2009 	fabulous hotel in an excellent location	I have stayed in this hotel, initially for business but also for leisure and it is always consistantly an excellent place to stay. The localtion is ideal as it is practically next door to warren tube station. It is located within walking distance Euston station (and kings cross if you fancy a walk for about 10 mins). It is also within walking distance of shaftebury avenue and leicester square but with the tube nearby incase you want public transport. The hotels exterior is average but it hides on of the gems of london in terms of accomodation. The public spaces and bedrooms are all completed to a high standard and the staff are consistantly helpful and friendly without being intrusive. I have stayed here numerous times over the last few years and although the staff may change the quality of the service does not and is consistatly high.The breakfast offers a wide range of choice or both hot and cold foods and again is always of good quality.The rooms are comfortable and furnished to a high standard with all amenities you would expect.This hotel is always my first chice if staying in london.As well as being close to the tube it also has pleanty of places nearby to eat as well as various foodstores (late opening) for snacks etc. The room service is also of high quality.If you have to stay in central london I recommend staying here. Its not the cheapest hotel but is reasonably priced for the area. It is however of a much finer quality than similarly priced or more expensive hotels in central london.	
Apr 27 2009 	Great Hotel for regular business visitors perfect location good value	The Grafton Hotel (part of the Radisson group), is one of the best hotels I have stayed in in Central London. It manages to combine everything I need, from very friendly staff, a nice bar and restaurant, neat and tidy rooms, great location (plenty of shops near by), and great travel connections (1 minute walk to Warrant Street station Victoria/northern lines and 10 minute walk from Euston station).All of the rooms (and I have now stayed in over 15 different ones on over 30 visits) come with an Iron/Ironing Board, and most irons are newish and perfect for ironing you work shirts, or clubbing gear!. The Décor has a slight Oriental feel to it, and there plenty of wood around giving the whole hotel a classy feel.Some of the services that make this hotel a great one are the free shoe shine service (just hang your shoes on the door handle outside you room in the provided bag and there shined over night and back by 06:00H) and the luggage store. The luggage store is simply genius. If you arrive in London and you room isn't ready, simple check in and ask the hotel to store your bags, you can then go and enjoy the city and return later collect your room key and your bags. This works in reverse to, when checking out on the last day, store your bags go to the office and on the way back collect your bags. For me this is indispensable because I arrive in Euston so on the way back I just get of the tube a station earlier collect my bags and then walk to Euston, and it only adds 15 minutes. For regular London visitors, the feed back system actualy works. After a stay you have the option to leave some feed back and some actualy reads it and gets back to you.The staff are always pleased to see you, and always ready to help, nothing is too big a problem.The restaurant is nice, offering a good selection of English food sprinkled with some Italian and Indies dishes. If the menu at the Grafton doesn’t tempt you the location has one more surprise. With in a 10 minute walk of the Hotel are over 30 Restaurants.A review wouldn't be complete without saying how this Hotel stacks up against the local Competition. I have stayed at the Hilton and Holiday in in the same area and neither offer the convenience of the Grafton. The Hilton is more expensive and I find the Restaurant food a bit oily. The Holiday Inn has a good location but its further away from Euston and Oxford Road. In my opinion the Grafton has them beaten hands down.	
Apr 23 2009 	Hassle free.	I'm not really a London person but I was persuaded by a friend to go on a weekend break and see a show in London. A pleasant welcome awaited us at this hotel and nothing was too much trouble ( even hailing a cab for us !). The room was comfortable and I slept well and the meals in the restaurant were nicely presented and again the staff were very friendly and obliging. The location of the hotel was excellent for theatre land. Now I am looking forward to my next visit to London !	
Apr 22 2009 	Not 4-star but clean and convenient	I had lots of work and play to attend to and only spent the nights in my room - and it had its pros and cons.The pros are that it was spotlessly clean, smelled fresh, and despite being located right on and facing Tottenham Court Road, which is quite a busy street, the double-paned window kept the noise to a reasonable hush. The location next to Warren Street tube and about a 10-minute walk to Oxford Street was the biggest plus for me as I was able to walk back the Leicester Square clubs/pubs in under half an hour on two nights, and take a 7-pound taxi the next. The internet rate was also quite reasonable for a central London hotel. The free WiFi in the rooms wasn't fast, but it worked and that was a big help. There was also a complimentary newspaper which appeared on my door two of the three mornings I awoke there.The cons were that the hotel seemed needlessly understaffed at the peak checkout hour. The staff on duty, while dilligent, was overburdened. Service, if not especially cheerful, was curt, polite, and efficient. The hotel should have at least 3 attendents on duty at the peak check out and check in hours. It's fortunate I wasn't in a hurry at checkout time. Also, it was rather surprising that there was no hair dryer in the room, nor other basic amenities such as a toothbrush and toothpaste, separate shampoo, conditioner and soap (rather there was an all-purpose hair and body wash in the shower), shoe-shine mitt, etc. A 4-star business traveller would certainly expect these things, and having to dash out at night or in the morning for a toothbrush would be a real hassle. Breakfast wasn't included either.The hotel was clean and convenient, but hardly a 4-star experience.	
Apr 21 2009 	Good location easily accessible thru tube	The biggest plus point for the hotel is the location in central london and closeness to tube station - in fact the tube station is just next door. Its located on the tube line which directly connects you to the main shopping areas and entertainment centres like oxford circus etc - thus you dont have to go thru the hassle of changing lines. Apart from this the staff is nice and the restaurant was good. The rooms are well kept.	
Apr 20 2009 	Tiny Room.	I found the experience in the Radisson Grafton very disappointing. This was due to poor staff and a very, very small room (375). I normally stay with Radisson a lot with work, I am now thinking about bringing my business elsewhere.	
Apr 15 2009 	Loved it	Previous reviewer must have been unlucky, as I stayed here for 1 night with my partner on 4th April and we had a lovely time. We arrived at the hotel just after 2pm, we were impressed by how clean and modern it looked, very nice reception area, bar and restaurant. We were informed that our room wasn't ready yet but we were able to leave our luggage there. This didn't really bother us as we had come to see London and weren't planning on spending much time in the hotel anyway, so left our bags and went off to explore. We came back at about 5:30ish and were swiftly checked in and handed our room key. Rooms were fine, nicely decorated and very clean. Small-ish but who goes to London for a weekend and spends the whole time in the room anyway?! We returned later on that evening to find a message on the tv from reception asking for a credit card number for our incidental charges...a little confused we called reception, turns out they were trying to charge us for items in the mini bar which we had not actually taken! This was quickly resolved, however, and reception staff were very apoligetic. Breakfast the next morning was lovely, plenty to choose from-hot and cold, and staff could not do enough for you. Overall we thought this was a lovely hotel, with a location you could not fault (warren st tube station literally a few steps away!) I would not think twice about staying here again.	
Apr 15 2009 	Nice enough but there's room for improvement	The location is excellent - only steps away from Warren St. underground station. The staff are all very professional and helpful too, while the whole place surely looks grand enough and well decorated.What we didn't like was that the whole place was like a maze. After getting out from the elevator, we needed to drag our luggage through a very long corridor with many turns and steps to reach our room. Some of the cushions were stained too, and as our room was on the first floor and facing a bar, it was really noisy at night. We needed to keep our windows tightly shut. We were only staying for one night and for the price we paid we absolutely had no complaints. But if you're staying for more than one night, try to ask for a quieter room.	
Apr 14 2009 	Had a pleasant stay eventually	We were allocated room 331 initially which in our opinion was dark and gloomy as well as smelling distinctly like the previous occupant. We requested to move and were shown another room which sadly developed a leak just before we took up residence ! Eventually we were given another room which was fine.. I had no problems with the cleanliness overall although the decor is slightly tired . The staff however could not have been more accommodating and apologetic even providing complimentary bottle of wine for the inconvenience. Loved the breakfast and this makes the break good value. Bathroom fine but tiny. Lovely towels .	
Apr 14 2009 	Service without a smile and disgusting rooms	I travel alot and this is definitely one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. I cant believe it got some good reviews. Staff are unfrienldy and very rude when asked any questions. First of all our reservation was lost,when this was sorted an early check in was guaranteed on arrival which was not heard of by check in staff when we arrived. They said it would be after 2 because rooms were being cleaned. This was not apparent to us when we got to room. Room we had was 324 and it was absolutely disgusting. Carpet was about to lift from the floor with the filth of it. Air conditioning was not working,windows would not stay open and I was honelty afraid to touch anything in the room it was so grubby. Walls were all stained and fumes from cigarette smoke was constanly venting through. No matter how much you showered in this lace you would feel dirty. I cant believe the cheek of rating this dump a 4 star,2 would be pushing it. No bedside lamps and no shaving light in bathroom. It was appauling,find yourself something better.	
Apr 3 2009 	Unfriendly staff - distinctly average hotel	Good location, nice art-work, but that's about it. Staff indifferent, &amp; the member of staff who delivered breakfast to the room was distinctly unpleasant &amp; rude. When I complained at check-out, was met with complete disinterest &amp; no apology. And I don't appreciate lifting lid of bin in bathroom to find previous occupant's rusty razor...nice. Spoilt a lovely theatre trip organised for my birthday. Will not be visiting again &amp; would not recommend to anyone.	
Apr 3 2009 	A small hotel where you can relax with the family in style.	This hotel is frendly, clean and you can relax in the lounge bar area with your family, here you can enjoy a snack without having to go into the resturant, great if you like eating as and when you like !.	
Mar 31 2009 	Excellent stay	Stayed 2 nights last week on business, couldn't fault the hotel, check-in was fine, room was spotless, breakfast excellent with lots of staff clearing tables and bring coffee and toast.One small complaint was price of coffee in bar but there was kettle in room so next time I'll just make one there.Location was excellent for me as I was working in UCLH across the road but also walked to Oxford st one lunch time. Loads of restaurants nearby and I recommend Mondello Italian in Goodge st, very reasonable prices for London.	
Mar 29 2009 	Good Location but guest rooms small	Arrived on Friday afternoon for a two night stay. The queue for check in was long and there didn't seem to be enough staff to cope with the amount of weary travellers. Once we got to our room we were really disapointed as it was tiny!, We rang reception to request a bigger room and it was sorted quite quickly but there is an additional supplement for the king size rooms. The second room we got on the 2nd floor was much bigger and was clean but noisy as the window faced the main room. The staff were helpful but there always seemed to be queue at reception or for the concierge. The location was great for sightseeing, a tip for eating out- head towards fitzrovia as there are some really nice restaurants in this area especially in Charlotte Street. Another tip is to get to breakfast early, on the Saturday morning we were there at 8am, there were no queues but the next day at 9am we had to wait about 15 minutes to get a table. A good hotel but let down by the room sizes and queues.	
Mar 29 2009 	Cannot fault this hotel	Stayed here this month for a birthday weekend. Arrived just after 2pm on a Friday afternoon so the busiest time to check in. Reception area was crowded however I only waited for less than 3 minutes and got checked in with ease. The first thing I liked was the fact that there were 2 lifts and both required your key room card to operate them so very good from a security point of view. Very Modern room, spotless clean and the bathroom was also spotless,it was gleaming. We had a great view of the BT Tower from our window. Beds very comfortable and no noise at night although we were at the back of the hotel. I was quite consious that my Nan and Grandad would be more critital with being older and easily woken at night but they both said what a great sleep they had on both nights. Breakfast was fab, long queue but worth waiting for. Ideally located just a few steps away from Warren Street Tube Station and with being on Tottenham Court Road there were always black cabs coming along every few seconds. I go to London a few times a year for theatre trips etc and would certainly stay here again.	
Mar 27 2009 	Great location. Great Hotel	The Radisson Edwardian Grafton is a great hotel, situated less than a minutes walk from Warren Street tube station, and 10 minutes walk from London zoo/oxford street. Excellent hotel, staff were all very friendly, we upgraded our room for an extra £30 a night and the room we had was great - not a bad word to say really. We took advantage of the valet parking at a nearby NCP - we literally pulled up outside the hotel and the concierge drove the car away (£36 per day which beat getting the train) too which was so handy - hotel was easy to find and very easy to drive to.	
Mar 21 2009 	Good value excellent staff	I stayed for one night in March 2009, having stayed a couple of times in 2008.Hotel is very handy for the underground (Warren Street) and there were plenty of restaurants and bars nearby. The bedroom and bathroom were both very comfortable and clean. All the staff I came into contact with were very helpful, friendly and efficient. I received a free copy of the Daily Telegraph.The breakfast was fine with a good choice and decent quality and there were good internet facilities	
Mar 19 2009 	Convenient spotless hotel	location convenient for underground station. Room on the small side, but have stayed here before and had a bigger room. Room and bathroom spotless which I think is very important. Went for the B + B option and breakfast was fresh and plentiful, but very busy on Sunday morning, so get down early. Reception staff were very accommodating when i asked to be moved from first room allocated as it was on the road side and very noisy.Would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 17 2009 	Excellent location just next to Warren Street tube with lovely interior and friendly staff	This hotel was excellent for a two night stay. All staff in the hotel were very helpful and friendly. The concierge took our luggage and stored it both before and after we checked in... which was really useful and meant we didn't have to lug our bags around. The hotel is literally round the corner from Warren St station and this makes it really easy to get around. Breakfast was delicious and lots of choice!	
Mar 17 2009 	Radisson Edwardian Grafton	Nice clean rooms if on the small sixe. Double beds are atad small especially when other half is 6ft7&quot;!!!! Only really one complaint and that was at breakfast, we had to wait for tables to be cleaned and food was brought out fresh but cold!!EXCELLENT LOCATION, short walk to oxford street and theatre was 5mins away . HAD TO HAVE WINDOW OPEN AS HEATING PERMANATELY ON AND ITS A VERY BUSY ROAD OUT THERE LOL!!!!WILL BE GOING TO LONDON AGAIN BUT DIFFERENT HOTEL!!!!	
Mar 17 2009 	Welcoming and Friendly after the working day	The rooms are sometimes small but always clean and comfortable.The best thing are the staff without exception they are helpful and friendly.The location is perfect for business or leisure visitors	
Mar 14 2009 	Great Location	ideally located right beside Warren Street tube and on Tottenham Court Road within 10 minutes walk of Oxford Street. I was upgraded to a double studio suite which was located on the corner of the building. Lots of amenities close by. Busy road so quite a lot of noise if you are located on that side of the building but it didn't bother me as I was dog tired and went straight to sleep. Good selection of food for breakfast. Staff very friendly and efficient.	
Mar 12 2009 	Great hotel great location	I had a really nice overnight stay at this hotel. As our time was limited it was really great to have the tube station right next door to the hotel - it made getting around really easy. There is shopping within walking distance and also plenty of places to eat along the street that it’s situated on. Staff were perfectly friendly, check in and out was seamless. The hotel was spotlessly clean and room twin room was perfect size. Great Shower in the bathroom and the breakfast we ordered to the room was good and plentiful. I would definitely return to this hotel if I return to London and would definitely recommend it!!!	
Mar 10 2009 	Excellent location - would stay again	This hotel was booked for us by Superbreak after we rejected their original suggestion after reading poor reviews. Most aspects of the hotel were excellent. Check-in was efficient and polite, even though Superbreak had booked us for 2 separate nights using different initials, which confused everyone a little. Our room was on the small side, but had everything we needed; the bathroom had a bath as well as a shower. Everything was very clean. The downside was that the room was much too warm for our comfort, and opening the window (though nice that we could!) meant a lot of noise from the street below. With the window closed, the noise was not intrusive, but it was difficult to strike a balance between temperature and noise.Breakfast was good, with plenty of choice of both hot and cold food. On the Sunday morning, when the hotel was busier, breakfast goods were laid out in 2 locations, but there was not such a full choice in the centre of the room as on the left hand side (the only serving area on the Monday) - we only realised this when someone passed our table with a plate of fresh fruit - fortunately well before we'd finished our meal!The location was excellent. Two tube stations (Warren St and Euston Square) on different lines very close at hand; 2 supermarkets less than a minute away; a great choice of restaurants in nearby Charlotte Street were the best things about the location for us.Depending on price, we would stay here again.	
Mar 6 2009 	Want a good location?	Location is great for access to the City. Warren St Tube Station is literally just round the corner. It is also on a major road so lots of buses and taxis. Walkking is OK too!Staff at the hotel are always friendly and helpful.	
Mar 2 2009 	Wonderful Romantic Weekend Getaway!!	My partner and I came here for a theatre break to celebrate our anniversary, having heard glowing comments from family and friends about the Radisson hotels we chose the Radisson Grafton and we were not at all disappointed! The location of the Hotel is fantastic, a one minute walk from Warren Street Underground (Northern and Victoria Line so main attractions were very accessible). We had booked a Deluxe Double room (as it was a special occasion so thought we would pay a bit extra) and upon checking in we were told we had been upgraded to a Suite! That was an excellent sign of how the weekend was going to turn out! A little off topic but if you are in the theatre district area and looking for a good meal, we would recommend Sophie's Steakhouse yet another addition to our perfect weekend!Everything from the hotel room, breakfast, staff to the location was exceptional and I would definitely recommend the Radisson Grafton! If we come back to London this will certainly be our first choice. Thank you for making our stay so memorable :o)	
Mar 2 2009 	Great location with good family room	Great location next to the Walton Street tube station. We had a good sized family room with a very comfortable large double bed and a big clean bathroom. The room was also very quiet.We came for a week - end theatre break and it was great that the room was available for us when we arrived at 11.00 a.m. enabling us to drop off our luggage and freshen up before exploring London. Booking in an out at reception was also very quick and all the staff were polite and helpful.The hotel was on the Tottenham Court Road and was handy for the Dominion Theatre were went to in the evening being one stop away on the tube. We were also able to get snacks and drinks from the Sainsbury's opposite the hotel which was open until midnight.We all thoroughly enjoyed the whole week end and are looking forward to going to London for a week end break in the near future. Hoever, there were a few minus points.Breakfast was excellent but as the children were sharing our room and &quot;staying free&quot; we were told that there would be a charge of £17 per child which was excessive particularly as most children only tend to eat half a sausage and a cornflake for breakfast. Fortunately, our teenage daughter decided she would rather lie in than get up for breakfast which was something of a financial relief. However, if your children do want breakfast then there is a MacDonalds and also cafe next door which is very reasonable.Other slight minus points were the fact that the complimentary Sunday paper did not arrive and the gym in the basement looks rather small and uninviting. In our brochure, the hotel has a symbol indicating that it has a swimming pool but it does not. Also the big screen TV in the Aston Bar is rather out of keeping with the relaxed atmosphere of this room.	
Feb 26 2009 	have now made it a bit of a habit	This is the second time i have stayed at The Grafton. Besides being centrally located it was simply a great experience. the rooms are very comfortable. The staff went beyond the call of duty to assure my comfort and ease. the fact that it was my second visit it was very welcoming. they kept great notes from my previous stay and made sure that i was accommodated with out my having to ask. looking forward to returning.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great staff good service and fab breakfast	This is a friendly hotel with good staff. Breakfast is excellent with lots of fresh fruit and pastries or hot good if needed. I stay here on a weekly basis and keep coming back.	
Feb 25 2009 	Stay here regularly good hotel very close to the tube	I stay here regularly for business. Its well situated for the tube at Warren Street just 1 minures walk. Staff are very friendly and helpfully. Particularly Hasan at breakfast in the dinning room. Always happy to see me with a warm welcome. Rooms are good to very good. Can be nosiey if on the front of the hotel.Lots of pubs and places to eat nearby. I'd recommed it. Have a good stay.Brian	
Feb 25 2009 	Good location Would stay again	Reasonable rooms. Friendly staff, reasonable food in restaurant with very good service.	
Feb 24 2009 	very family friendly with a warm welcome	Stayed for a short weekend break with my wife and two small daughters. The staff were among the friendliest and most polite of any hotel that I have stayed in worldwide. Restaurant dining was excellent.	
Feb 22 2009 	The Radisson Edwardian Grafton London	Well priced, central location. Check in was quick, friendly and easy. We also checked in at 11.00am (instead of 2.00pm) and there was no problem with this - we didn't fancy dragging bags around London. The room was clean and tidy, situated at the back of the hotel. The Red Roses and Chocs were already there and the Champers arrived later (Valentines Weekend Special). A voice mail message was left to make sure everything was okay. We went out and stayed out until after our show, returning to get a good nights sleep - which we got. I could not believe how quiet it was - we live in North Yorkshire and this hotel was so much quieter than the street we live on! So far, so great - something has got to go wrong - well, I thought it had when we went down for breakfast at 10.00am. It was packed and we had to wait for a short while - the staff in the breakfast room were very impressive and everything ran like clockwork - you don't get this many people through without great teamwork and staff who know exactly what to do. Incidentially the food was excellent as well - okay, here's my whinge, I could have done with a pot of coffee instead of one cup - I live on the stuff. Check out was easy, quick and efficient and this is a hotel I will be returning too.	
Feb 18 2009 	Great stay but book direct for best rates	Stayed for one night and was very happy with the hotel, the room and the staff. I was not happy with the way I booked, which was my own fault. Foolishly, I thought it would be cheaper to use Lastminute.com. Ha ha. Just go direct. I'll say no more on this.Thanks to Tripadvisor, I knew to ask for a room either to the side or back of the hotel as my husband and I hate noise and the Grafton is nearly opposite a hospital. The receptionist was v helpful and changed a few bookings around to accommodate us. The position - next to Warren St tube - was ideal for our sightseeing trips and I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Feb 10 2009 	A great value decent quality hotel in central London	I stayed here with 3 girlfriends as part of a weekend theatre break and was pleasantly surprised. The hotel's official rating is 4*, but I think much of that is based on the location (very central London). For the price, it was excellent - quiet, clean, reasonably plush rooms in a very central location. Do ask for a quiet room if you're a light sleeper. We asked for a quiet room at the back and were completely undisturbed.	
Feb 9 2009	OK for a night	Stayed Saturday night, hotel is in a good location literally ontop of Warren St tube. Staff relatively welcoming, check in quick. Room was not somehwere I wanted to be for long I felt like you were in a cupboard, was dark due to the bottom half of the window being opaqued out. Couldn't open one side of the wardrobe as it hit the back of the door. As you walked in the room you had the bathroom on left and then immediately 5 stairs down to the bed. This meant that if you wanted the bathroom in the night, you had to turn lights on so you didn't trip up them. We didn't have this problem as fortuntaly the TV kept turning self on every hour on the hour, which was just delightful - finally I could bear it no longer and at 7am I just had to get up and go, did not bother with breakfast. I told the lady as we were checking out and she said I should of called, I did say at 2am,3am, 4am, 5am and 6am I just wanted the thing off to go back to sleep, not someone to come up to the room and fix it. (I am aware that in the cold light of day this sounds stupid, but trust me, in the middle of the night turning the thing off was the best idea) Then after all of this, she asked if I had had a pleasant stay - just don;t think she listening really. Wouldn't go back, usually I stay in City Inn and I find that much better	
Feb 3 2009 	Good Budget Hotel not 4* Though!	The Radisson is well located - I wanted walking access to London Zoo, though the top end of Tottenham Court Road is rather grotty, especially at the weekend. Luckily the restaurants of Charlotte Street were within reach, as you wouldn't want to eat at the hotel.The room was OK, though being single was not large and had no outlook. The bed was fine, as was the bathroom (skimpy toiletries) but very few TV channels available unless you wanted to pay for a film. Reception kept sending annoying messages via the TV which you had to acknowledge before you could delete them. However, there was everything you needed for a weekend and it was a great plus having free Wi-Fi available everywhere.If you are not on an all in deal, don't have breakfast there. It was pretty awful - fatty undercooked bacon kept under hot lights, awful looking fried eggs, ditto with the lights, surprisingly nice suasages, cold coffee &amp; flabby toast. The cold meats and cheese looked horrid - all curled up and dry and for £17, I think they should try harder. Go to Cafe Republique down the road for a toasted panini &amp; coffee for £5! The bar was OK with friendly staff but a tasteless club sandwich. I ate out the rest of the time.I think this hotel is reasonable value - £75 a night in central London but I don't think it warrants its 4* rating. However, the staff were friendly, if foreign and it was fine for a woman on her own.	
Feb 2 2009	Great Value for money	Having stayed at one of Radisson Edwardian's properties in London last year, we had a pretty good idea on the quality and service they had to offer but we had to admit that we were pleasantly surprised with the great location, condition of the hotel rooms and facilities this hotel had to offer.Firstly the hotel is just a 1-minute walk from Warren Street station which is only 3-4 stations from Green Park and Piccadily. It's very convenient to get around the city. The hotel rooms are relatively big, in pretty good condition and very clean. In the basement of the hotel, there is an internet room with free internet access (6 PCs), printer etc. Best part of all, the room costs £85 per night !Just a friendly reminder that, if you are making your booking online, do remember to print out a hardcopy of the confirmation to bring along with you. In our case, they managed to lose our online booking and despite having a printed copy with me, they told me they could not offer me the online price as per printed. They finally agreed to honour the price, but not after a few rounds of negotiations (some heated).	
Jan 28 2009 	I would never stay here again	I was given a smoking room despite having booked a non smoking room. When I queried this I was told there were no other rooms available unless I wanted to travel to a sister hotel. There was no apology and I got the impression that when they said there were no other rooms available there were. Didn't sleep and noise was unbearable. Would never stay here again based on the service. However, the location and breakfast service were v. good.	
Jan 27 2009 	A Most Enjoyable Stay	Although my wife and I only stayed for one night (on a theatre break) we both agree that the hotel room was very clean and well presented, the staff were the most helpful and friendly that we have met in a long time.I would recommend this hotel ( and 'The Sound of Music) to anyone.	
Jan 9 2009 	Awful Staff. Treated like dirt.	The staff here are rude and mess up your order, give you the wrong room, and then its somehow your fault. This treatment was from FETTA the duty manager at the time. The rooms are dusty, but I cant say theyre awful. Theyre basic, but adequate enough to spend one night. Any longer and you'd probably go crazy.Worst hotel in london for the staff. After not finding my booking on the system, glaring at me and my partner and told us we were probably at thje wrong hotel and we hadnt booked into that hotel and maybe we should try the Holiday Inn!!!!! What a snob he was, looking down his nose at us the whole time! My partner turned to say something to me and the duty manager had a go at him and said excuse me are you talking to me or your girlfriend as I am very busy. We had to get up the booking on our phone internet and show him and he purposly put us in a standard room even though it said deluxe suite. This all took 40 minutes. When we finally got into the room the manager called us to say we had the wrong room and we must move and tis was all our fault!! No member of staff there had any manners or would help with anything.noisy location, but close to the tube and soho.	
Nov 17 2008 	Sirens all night ....	Thesedays, I am finding that there is more and more 'ramping' on review web sites such as this by hotel staff.This hotel is 250 metres from the Accident and Emergancy Dept of University hospital in Grafton Way. Ambulances leave with sirens blaring and return with their victim later. Heavy traffic at the nearby Euson Road junction neccesitates multi siren / horn mode until they clear the junction. This continues all night till around 5 am when it seems to go quiet till 8.00am - then starts again in earnist. We had a front room 418. The double glazing is dated and useless. No mention was made of this by other reviewers. Checkin / out is generally busy but efficent and a queue of 6 people cleared in 5 minutes by 3 staff. I would not stay there again. It is a 3 star rather than it's advertised 4 star hotel.	
Nov 12 2008 	Great Location	I stayed in this hotel and booked with Theatre Breaks and went to see WICKED. Excellent show but be careful when it says on tickets show starts at 7.30 its on the dot and you won't get in if your late. Euston Tube right outside hotel so we flew into Gatwick Airport got the GATWICK EXPRESS which was a bit exspensive 28sterling return but you can get a cheaper bus but it is slower and you can get cheaper train but also slower. Espress take 30mins. Express stops at Victoria Station and get tube from there to Euston. Hotel rooms a bit small but adequate. London great city lots to see and do. Covent Gardens during the day and SO HO at night. Don't get TAXI'S. Bus service is also very good and you can get day pass which covers bus and tube.	
Nov 3 2008 	Loved its closeness to Warren Street Station...	I spent 3 nites in the 1st weekend of September at this hotel.After the initial upset due to Newbie error, Reservation problems,I had a good time. Dave at the Check-in was very helpful. What I really liked about the place is HOW CLOSE it is to tubeStation. Warren Street Station.Also if one is hungry dining places are close at hand.and SAINSBURY'S grocery store is Right Across The Street. Of course, there is the Big English Breakfast which is Huge. I also noted they like cottage cheese and lots of sausage!!The room has a cute quaint and charming homey feeling. The lu (not sure of spelling ) big enough I aint fussy about that.The teapot heater was great for good and hot beverages. The telly, not much watched for sure I was out under &amp; about.	
Nov 2 2008 	Expensive and very average	A friend and I stayed one night for a theatre weekend and got a reasonable room rate - but we have no urge to returnGood points - location near tube, sights, pubs etc (and don't miss the mini supermarkets nearby so you can smuggle in cheap drinks, fruit etc!), nice bathroom, comfortable beds.Bad points - window frame broken so very noisy overnight, housekeeping's odd decision to knock on the door at 9.30am on Sunday morning requesting entrance, bar staff's odd decision to vacuum the area thoroughly at 11am when we were trying to enjoy a quiet coffee.	
Nov 2 2008 	Great Location Nice Hotel but not Without Issues	Stayed at the Grafton for 2 nights over a weekend, and having stayed here before I knew what to expect. Fantastic location, and plesant staff but not without problems.As mentioned by other reviewers, check in is a joke with long queues at all times of the day and handled by a variety of staff from around the world - i'd estimate only 50% could speak English. Not normally an issue but if you have a problem, you have to wait even longer for an English-speaking member of staff to be available to help.We had 3 rooms before getting what we paid for which was disappointing and frustrating.Breakfast was good, room size was fine. Would probably return.	
Nov 1 2008 	Sophisticated customer friendly hotel!	I stayed at the Grafton on a business trip and was pleasantly suprised when I arrived having read some disparaging reviews on Tripadvisor. The reception and bar were beautifully decorated and welcoming and the staff were really helpful and efficient. I was in a single room - which, yes, was tiny! - but which was also immaculately clean, well designed (considering how little space there was), contemporary in design and comfortable.The breakfast I had ordered to my room and was delicious, plentiful and well served - having said that, it had come included in my room price but which if bought separately was rather expensive.On leaving, the hotel receptionist helpfully left the reception to hail me a cab as I was running late - I was impressed with this as have had little help of this nature at other London hotels!All in all a very good experience!	
Oct 26 2008	Great location and helpful staff rooms are tiny!	I was booked into a smoking room which is pleasantly refreshing these days and the reception staff were friendly and efficient. When I arrived in my room, I was shocked at it's size. The bathroom was particularly small and you could hardly get to the loo. I was located on the front of the hotel on the noisy Tottenham court road but this was OK. The bed however was not. A single (I am SURE my firm only book doubles!) and it sagged in the middle...disgraceful! There was a constant &quot;steam&quot; like noise coming from the bathroom and I couldn't understand why, there seemed to be no logic or reason. The reception and breakfast staff are nice, but the chamber staff need to sharpen up. Once my ONE coffee sachet had been used, it was never replaced.....I should have asked for more I guess. I also believe that my bed was not changed once during a five day visit, this is unacceptable. Breakfast was very reasonable, a buffet can become tired quickly but the kitchen staff kept it looking fresh, well done. All in all, nice staff but the room got on my nerves by the end of my 5 day visit	
Oct 20 2008 	No Complaints!	Booked this hotel through the secret hotel site.. where you dont find out the name of the hotel until after you pay.. but u get it at a very discounted rate. When we got the confirmation email i came on here and most of the reviews were bad.. but wen we arrived we were very pleasantly suprised. It was a lovely room with plenty of space, it was clean and the location was brilliant. We arrived around 4hrs early for check in but were brought to our room immediately. It could be noisey at times.. but nothing you dont expect with inner city london. Very pleased with the hotel and would def stay there again.. at the secret hotel price.	
Oct 17 2008 	overall happy	my wife and I just had a short theatre break in London and had a one night stay here. Excellent location, right beside warren st. tube station , so ideal for getting around the city. The room was well laid out and comfortable. The breakfast was excellent , lovely fry. We had a drink in the bar, this was an absolute rip-off. Almost £11 for a beer and a glass of wine. They insist on bringing it down for you and then charged us £1.20 for the privelage. This did not seem to bother the business customers but being a bit more price aware this was totally excessive. Nice couple of pubs down the road so have a drink there instead. Went to have a shower at 9am and water was freezing cold. This is not acceptable, however I was told they are waiting on new pumps to sort this out. overall bar a couple of gripes I would happily stay here again.	
Oct 16 2008	Not Impressed!	First the good thing about this hotel - it's location in Central London is excellent.It's a shame everything else was so awful.First a lengthy check-in queue. Then when I got to my room I found the key card didn't work and had to return to reception for another 15 minute wait. Temperature gauge broken on shower so had a cold shower on arrival (reported this fault and in fairness it was fixed). My first room looked out on the Tottenham Court Road opposite a Sainsbury's supermarket. I spent what seemed like the entire night listening to deliveries being unloaded. Soundproofing was terrible.Next morning I was in the middle of my shower when someone in the room next to me turned their shower on - no water came through my shower until they were finished.Asked to be moved to another room that morning at reception. When I returned that evening I had been given another room as requested. Again the keycard did not work and I had to return to reception. This room was at the back of the hotel and was much quieter. Neither the hairdryer nor the tv remote control worked in this second room.The staff that I dealt with were ok, but too many things were wrong here for me to ever want to stay again or to recommend it.	
Sep 24 2008 	Highly overpriced unhelpful staff not impressed!	I would not go back to this hotel if I was paid to!!Having stayed in many other hotels around the world of varying price and quality I was expecting this renound 4* in the centre of London to be a great stopover for a girlie theatre break but I was bitterly dissapointed. The staff were rude and unhelpful, the rooms, small and basic considering the £200 per room per night price and the hotel despite offering room service would not provide us with cold snacks at midnight on a Saturday and couldnt even give us the information of anyone in the area that would deliver food, a frequently asked question I would have thought!We were also greeted on the Sunday morning to the site of the park behind our window full of men injecting something, not the hotels fault I grant but would have hoped that a hotel of this supposed calibre would have attempted to do something about a problem that appeared so frequent that the park was littered with used needles.To cap off what was at best a mediocre experience, when we asked for a bar price list after checking out, we were told they didnt have any and then preceeded to charge us £28 for 5 soft drinks and then attempted to include a mandatory charge!!!I hated this hotel, I thought the staff were snotty and I cannot believe that this hotel has been rated 4 stars!	
Sep 22 2008 	Great stay	Stayed here for a weekend with our two children aged 1 and 6 years. Had a great room (164) - nice size for London, lovely travel cot and sofa bed. Really quiet room for central London. Staff very friendly and helpful. Breakfast good - plenty of choice and good quality. great location for tube and buses, theatre and all sites. Overall a great stay!	
Sep 7 2008 	Excellent location	Just got home from a very pleasant stay in London, and this not only due to the wonderful city. Indeed the checkin was fast, the double room quite big with a very clean and stylish bathroom with bath and so on. The staff is really friendly, and answer all your questions about good restaurants in town... The breakfast is also very good. To sum up: Awesome stay in a good hotel really well located, one tube stop from Oxford Circus, 3 from Leicester Square, and only 30 meters from the tube station Warren Street deserving Victoria and Northern Line.	
Aug 30 2008 	Loved the Grafton	I stayed at the Grafton hotel for a weekend, it is excellently located close to all london has to offer with a tube station within very close proximity. Checking in was speedily completed, the room was clean and bright and a good size for central london. The staff were excellent especially when we returned late with room service arriving very promptly. Breakfast was pleasant, the amenities in the hotel include a gym.Overall an excellent experience.	
Aug 27 2008 	Beware Hotel Phone	The hotel was fine and the rooms well furnished and clean. However, as with a lot of hotels guests should be aware of exhorbitant telephone charges if calls are made from the room. There was no indication of charges posted in the room that I could find and I was billed GBP 9.00 ($18.00) for a 10 minute local (London) call. After complaining this was reduced by 50%. Anyone wishing to make calls from this hotel should just pop outside to the telephone box where a local (20 minute call anywhere in the UK) will cost you just 40 pence ($0.80) Also avoid using hotel phones to access free 800 numbers - they are nit free calls. The hotel will charge you the same exhorbitant rates. Use the phone box on the street, all 800 numbers to the uK and USA are truly free. It is certainly worth the walk down the stairs.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great location	Like a previous reviewer I also booked Raddisson as a top secret deal through Lastminute and I found it good value for the 65 pounds I paid for the room for 1 night.I arrived at 5pm and check in was quick and efficient. My room was a single and although small it was clean and modern. I have stayed in single rooms in london before and it certainly is not the smallest. The bathroom was clean and the airconditioning worked well which was good seeing the windows could not be left open seeing my room was facing tottenham court road.The bed was large and very comfortable.The bad points were that to let any natural light in the room and open the blinds were that I was facing a large office block across the road and I felt that everyone could see into the room. I also believe that had I paid the same rate as some of the other reviewers I would have felt short changed.All in all, I would stay here again for 65 pounds as I liked the location beside the tube station and cafes and pubs around.	
Jul 20 2008 	Absolutely Terrible	This is not a hotel for business people who have a need for medium to long term stay needs. The primary issues with the hotel are listed as follows:General Room.Small, cramped. Lack of open space to layout material. Rooms average about 150 square feet including a bathroom of less than 20 square feet.Bathroom.Aforesaid bathroom is less than 20 SF and included a tub/shower, vanity basin and toilet. There is no shower screen. A glass divider is provided on the tub and the bathroom door opens against this, leaving the only option for getting into and out of the shower to straddle the toilet both.Towel rails are provided above the toilet bowl (not hygienic at all).No bathroom amenities are provided. If you can’t shower with “soap on tap” or need to wash your hair, you will need to either bring your own supplies or shop at the Tesco next door.ServiceNon existent. General lack of basic English language skills exhibited by the back room and dining staff. Having to repeat one’s self multiple times in one’s own native language can get very tedious. If the staff could not understand the conversation after this, I found them very rude and in one instance the staff member walked away from me without resolving the issue.Additionally, when I arrived I was told that there were no rooms available, even though I had booked months in advance and had my reservation details. I had to wait 60 minutes or so. That wasn’t too bad, but when I asked if I could make an international call to my wife (a probable cost to them of 5 pounds at the most), I was told that I could not – even though I was going to spend over 1,000 pounds with them in accommodation. They obviously do not want to build up repeat customers!Prices145 pound (average). You have to be kidding. I know this is London, but I find better quality, better service, etc in hotels in the middle of most major American and US cities for what amounts to $300 per night. An average dinner will set you back 25 pounds without grog and breakfast is a flat 17 pounds for a buffet style creation of cold egg, undercooked bacon, very small serving of cold coffee. The only bright point was that the orange juice tasted like orange juice. You can do better at the local cafes for 4.95.TechnologyRepeated problem with the phone lines, inability to place international calls using a calling card. The TV (a 13” tube TV if you can believe that!) comes on all the time to tell you whether you have messages. Very disconcerting if you are lying in bed trying to get to sleep and all of a sudden you get woken by a glaring screen at the foot of your bed.	
Jul 15 2008 	Nice hotel	We booked this hotel through lastminute.com and asked for a non smoking room. I arrived before the check in time thinking I would avoid the queues. On getting to reception they told me they only had smoking rooms available - I told them I had booked non smoking and wanted non smoking. The clerk was very friendly and said I could wait until one became available but if I wanted to upgrade my room I could pay £20. I said I would wait.After waiting for about half an hour, the clerk eventually called me to say my room was ready. He then told me that I could still upgrade for £20 !!! I was a little tetchy by this point so I said that I had been waiting for half an hour for this room to become available and had already paid for my room so would NOT be paying any more for an upgrade!!! (i did apologise and told him I was a bit stressed!! LOL) The nice young man decided to upgrade me free!! When I eventually got to my room it was amazing!!! Very spacious, a huge king sized bed, a sofa and a table. The bathroom was huge, with a bath (with shower over the bath) and a walk in shower with enough space for two!!All in all - it was a lovely hotel - but was a little disappointed about check in .	
Jul 14 2008 	Nice room after asking for a room change	I booked this hotel through lastminute.com as it was a top secret hotel and advertised as a bargain. I arrived at the hotel at 2pm, which was the time indicated on my booking for taking the room, but was told the room wasn't ready and to come back in an hour. I asked for a discount because of this and they said they had found a room for me. I was allocated a room at the front of the hotel, which was very noisy, as it is located on Tottenham Court Road. I asked for a room change because of this and was allocated another room at the back of the hotel. The room was small but quiet, clean and adequate for my stay. There is a big difference between the rooms at the front of the hotel and the back of the hotel with regards to noise. Perhaps they should have a different price band for these.Overall a nice hotel, but I wouldn't choose one of the rooms at the front of the hotel. In a way I got lucky because they had quieter rooms available.	
Jul 8 2008 	Average!!	The reception looks dated and dirty. The lady that checked me in could not even spell customer service let alone provide it. I felt like I was being incarcerated and having my cell organised. Actually a prison cell is larger than the room I stayed in.Lift is slow, you can rehearse your entire nights dance moves before the lift arrives to take you away to shake your thing. Suggest you take the stairs.Rooms are small, not much that they can do about that but are clean and well decorated...old TV's and cant keep the window open.Breakfast is the only highlight. Nice food and a great room. Juice glasses are no bigger than a shooter glass, I would fill up two glasses on each trip for some OJ.Don't stay there unless you really have to.	
Jul 1 2008 	Decent Weekend in a Decent Hotel	The hotel had been recommended by a colleague (we usually stay in cheaper Premier Inns/Lodges - it gives us the extra resources required to see alot of London!) but decided to spend a little bit extra for that little bit extra.I must say, however, that in future, I will be sticking to what I know. I cannot fault the overall stay (except for a few minor problems I will get to!) but for £200 a night, I expected so much more.The location is fantastic, a 5 minute walk from Euston, right next to a tube station, but quiet enough to get a decent night's sleep. I'm not naive enough to expect a room with a view in Central London (it seems this problem is anticipated by the hotel - with the windows covered up so the back of the buildings facing our window could not be seen), but I was disappointed with the size of the room - the king size bed was fantastic, but the seating area amounted to some tables and chairs, with not much else but the basics thrown in.Check in was a bit of a nightmare aswell - it was absolutely heaving when we arrived, and the layout of reception is a little confusing, especially when surrounded by foreign voices and suitcases. Because they did not accept the type of card that both me and my partner had, we had to pay the full amount upfront, something we were not warned about upon booking. It is also worth saying that the staff on reception were in general rather rude and unnecessarily pretencious.I was also quite disappointed when, on the Sunday morning, I had to phone and ask for extra tea and coffee supplies, as they had not been replenished. Something so small, that for a four star hotel, should be second nature.I must admit that I am quite critical - I'm a duty manager of a small hotel in Wales - but when I compare the service there, where are £80 a night, with here (£150 plus) it's quite astonishing, and although I had a lovely weekend away, I won't be as quick to part with my money when I return!	
Jun 30 2008 	Attractive efficient well-located	I had some apprehension when I learned from Hotwire I'd be staying at the Grafton, given some of the earlier reviews here. But my stay was quite pleasant, starting with the upgrade from single to twin, and recognizing the very attractive and well designed room. While the Grafton shares the common practive of soaking customers for a buffet breakfast, it also offers bagels and sandwiches delivered to the door from GBP 4.00, a reasonable price given the convenience. The location is excellent--essentially atop Warren Street tube. This place is a solid performer...	
Jun 29 2008 	Sick for the second time after staying at the Grafton	When I was sick the day after staying at the Grafton in August 2007, I put it down to a bug.But when I was vomitting for 12 hours after staying at the Grafton in March 2008, I started to wonder if it was the hotel. A couple of weeks after returning home there was an undercover documentary on UK TV exposing the cleaning practices at the Radisson Edwardian chain of hotels in London. It showed chambermaids using the same cloth to clean the toilet, sink, cups and drinking glasses.	
Jun 25 2008 	Good location average hotel	I stayed here with 13 girlfriends on a hen weekend for one night only and we all had mixed experiences.Plus points - great location - right next to warren st station, minutes in a taxi/ on bus to Oxford st, picadilly circus, theatre district and only a 20 minute walk. Breakfast was good and plentiful. Beds were comfy, rooms nicely furnished and well equiped (tea/coffee, ironing board etc...)Minus points - whilst my room was fine (small admittedly but clean), one of my friends found a cockroach, another had to be moved because the shower head fell off whilst she was in it and was covered in green gunk, another had to be moved as the room stank of cigarettes and another wasnt able to check in until 3 hours later! Not a good track record really.Would possibly stay there again if I just needed somewhere to stay for 1 night and not a special occassion but wouldnt really recommend.	
Jun 20 2008 	TOO HOT TO HANDLE	Location excellent, at the top of Tottenham Court Road, not far from Euston Station. However, on a hot day (27C) the air conditioning was broken and totally impractical to open the bedroom window when the room overlooked a very busy road where there was 24 hour traffic and lorries unloading at the supermarket opposite, at 2.00 in the morning ! The hotel should have provided cool air fans as the aircon broken. The room itself was one of the smallest I have ever stayed in.	
Jun 3 2008 	Mixed Experience	I arrived to find the room was not ready, at the stated time. They gave me free coffee in the bar. The bar is one of the more impressive rooms of the hotel. I found it very relaxing and the daylight lighting great. Eventually 1 hour late (due to computers being down) I was given my room. It was a single room, but was of a good size. It had everything you could want, big bed, trouser press, fridge, table etc etc. The problem...it was not clean and the furniture had seen better days. The bedroom furniture was dark wood, but was chipped so badly you could see the white chipboard. It looked horrible. I complained about the cleanliness of the room and the bathroom, and was immediately shown another room. In this room, there was red marker pen all over the walls. It was obvious a child has drawn all over the walls. Bathroom was still dirty. We went back to my original room and went through all the faults. The hotel promised me all would be put right. I went out to the meeting and on return, all the white showing through on the chipped furniture had been toned in with a brown marker pen. They had actually used a felt tip to paint the furniture. The bathroom was also cleaner. Apart from this, the hotel lacked the little touches. There were no toiletries, only a bottle of shower gel, attached in a casing to the wall so you could not steal it. The scrimping and saving, that was evident in the room condition, really was evident in the bathroom. What are the good points for this hotel? It is next door to Warren St Tube. The included breakfast, was one of the best I have had in London for a while. It is rare to find traditional English breakfast served these days. Staff were helpful....to an extent. The public rooms were relaxing. What this hotel needs is upgrading and a good clean. Since Radisson took over the Edwardian chain, very little money has been spent on the Hotels. Once upon a time, Edwardian Hotels had that little something extra, in terms of ambience. Today the scrimping and saving shows, to the detriment of the Hotels.	
Jun 2 2008 	Not again	Our stay at the Grafton was not an agreeable experience. Many of the complaints I read about in the trip advisor review are only too true. It is definitely not a four star hotel as advertised by Radisson. Three stars at best would be more appropriate.When we arrived we were told our room would be ready by noon and we were invited to stay in the lounge and check at regular intervals to see if the room was ready. We chose to go for a walk instead and returned by 12 o'clock only to be told that the room would be ready by two. So off we went for another walk.After checking in we lugged our suitcases to the room (porter service seems to be non-existent at this hotel) and found that the room was quite hot. I checked the airconditioning and found it did not work, moreover the flush for the toiled turned 360 degrees but did not flush and the temperature for the shower had to be set at a mere 20 degrees to have a normal water temperature, anything above that was scalding hot. So I went down to reception to ask if this could be repaired. We were assured by the clerk that it would be taken care of. When we returned at night, nothing had changed. Inquiries were made and it appeared that neither the airconditioning, the shower nor the flush could be fixed. I was then offered an other room. I insisted on seeing it first before deciding to transport all our luggage elsewhere. I had to be shown no less than five rooms before I could find one where at least the airconditioning was more or less in working order. The toilet flush was still a problem, but the handle worked after some &quot;gentle persuasion&quot; and the shower needed to be set at 20 degrees to avoid turning into a lobster. I felt treated like a complete idiot. There were no apologies from management or the staff for the inconvenience. It was quite clear to me that the staff had obviously heard about those problems but put on a show because they were expected by management to do so. A positive point I feel should be mentioned is that the staff in the breakfast room were very proficient and kind.	
Jun 2 2008 	Enjoyed stay	We booked with Superbreaks at a good price. We liked the room, but there was no extra bedding for my Mum to sleep on the sofa bed. Our room was at the front of the building. This meant it was very noisy in the evenings with ambulances, police cars and other traffic driving through, right to 7 in the mornings. The breakfast was very good, and the staff very helpful. It was my first time in London. I think I will try another hotel next time, because purely of the factor of being next to the hospital. Too noisy!	
May 26 2008 	Never again!!	I booked two standard double rooms, initially for 11 nights as my husband was having major surgery at University College Hospital. This hotel was the nearest to the hospital. The rooms were not ready at the 2pm check in time and the receptionest dealing with us had an attitude that it was tough. Eventually we checked in at 4pm and were given complimentary upgrades to deluxe king size rooms. My room was quite spacious, but my daughter &amp; son-in laws was a pokey room with a king size bed. I wanted to swap with my daughter as there was only me in the larger room but she would not hear of it. When we arrived it was quite cold. My daughter &amp; son-in-law had no heating in their room. It could not be fixed so they were offered to move to another room. Upon looking at the room, it was more like a cupboard, with a wardrobe not 2 feet wide. As they were there for 11 nights no way would their clothes fit in. They stayed in the original room. When the weather warmed up the air con was not working, again it was not fixed. the following day they had a water leak through the ceiling. The room was unbearably hot.The fire alarm went off at 2.20am and when we asked the next day, it was shrugged off and we were told that it was a mistake.Although the rooms appeared clean upon arrival, the daily housekeeping was very poor. I had a glass coffee table and it was so dusty that I wrote 'clean me' in the dust. The bedspreads at the end of the bed were thick dust. I think the carpet was only hoovered twice and I stayed for 22 days in the end!!My air conditioning was not working properly and I got fed up with reporting it and just gave up in the end. When reporting it, I was spoken to as if I was an idiot, being informed that I needed to adjust the thermostat. When I replied that it was set at minimum it was grudgingly agreed that someone would be up to look at it. The staff were not at all friendly or helpful.Yes I could have complained a lot more, but my husband was seriously ill in hospital following a serious complication, so I was stressed out enough without more at the hotel.One night (the only night) we went into the bar for 1 drink. After paying for drinks we checked the bill to find a 12.5% service charge had been added. Upon checking the bar menu it stated that there was an OPTIONAL service charge. We weren't given the option and as a matter of principle argued with four different members of staff until eventually we threatend to report them to trading standards. At this point the manager appeared and refunded the service charge. It was not the money, it was the principle.Another omission in my daughter &amp; son-in-laws room was instructions in the event of fire. I believe that this may be illegal.I know hotels in London are expensive and rooms are renowned for being small, but for the price we paid, I expected a clean, well maintained room. In general the staff were not friendly or helpful. Would I stay here again? Definately NO.	
May 17 2008 	Pretty good all in all	We booked to stay here via Superbreak and paid £100 which was an excellent price for a London hotel with a central location.The hotel is situation right next to the tube station so is ideal for exploring the city. This area used to be a bit dogdy but being so close to the new Pancreas station it is feeling the uplift of the money being spent on the area.We were very pleased with this hotel. We were given a warm welcome on arrival and a complimentary upgrade to a king room at the back of the hotel.The room itself was perhaps a little dated but had everything you could need and also was spotlessly clean. We had a quiet nights sleep in an extremely comfortable bed.We had breakfast included, and they offered a reasonable selection of breakfast options but the cooked options were all a bit on the cheap side. Cheap tasteless sausages, cheap black pudding etc. This could definately be done better. The one thing that let this hotel down was the breakfast staff who were surly and severely lacking in smiles. You just dont want to come down in the morning to be frowned at!!!All in all however I think this hotel was excellent value for money and I would stay here again if the price was right.	
May 12 2008 	Not worth the money	We have just spent three nights at this hotel - and had to be moved to a different room each night. While we were there, temperatures in London were about 26 degrees C and the hotel rooms were unbearably hot. The air conditioning failed to work in our room the first night, so no sleep for us. The staff were all very apologetic and moved us to another room. The air conditioning worked that night, but the shower was scalding and the temperature guage did not work. The next day the air conditioning in that room failed. We didn't find that out until we arrived back after the evening out. So at 11.30pm we are moved again to a room where they guaranteed the air conditioning was working. WRONG!! We had another night of little sleep because it was so hot. At check-out we made it clear how unhappy we were. Initially we were offered about £10 off our £350 bill. After a considerable time they came up with a more realistic figure. The hotel is right on a very busy road so there is no option of having the windows open because the noise goes on all night.Rooms were clean, although carpets and fixtures are tired. Staff are polite and tried to help, but the hotel needs investment. Because of the failure of the air conditioning and the need to move rooms so many times, we would not stay there again.	
May 7 2008	Near tube station.	The hotel was well located for the Warren Street tube station. The room was clean and comfortable, but the air conditioning didn't seem to work properly and it was too hot.Our room was at the front of the hotel and we could hear police sirens during the night.The rooms at the back are apparently much quieter.The breakfast was very good with plenty of choice.	
Apr 27 2008 	Dirty bathroom so upgraded to fantastic suite	Was on buisness trip. Location fantastic just by Warren St. tube. When I checked into single room, the bathroom had an awefull smell and I then I found the toilet had lumps of faeces still in it. Phoned reception who apologized and said they would sort it out. When I returned from the evening engagement at 1am I was shocked to find that the staff had done a &quot;flush and run&quot; and the toilet was still dirty with faeces. I phoned reception who were very apologetic and offered to move me to another room. Since the hotel was almost full this happened to be one of their suites which I remained in for the next 2 days. The suite was very good with a Bose stereo and raised desk area. Other that the unpleasant start, an overall great hotel.	
Apr 16 2008 	good	stayed here one night. i went to football. girlfriend went to theatre.very good location. 50 yards from warren street station. rooms nice.got upgrade but wouldnt like to see what we would have got originally, size wise as the romm wasn't huge. only prob was breakfast. we were on a lastminute package and brekky wasn't included. went down to suss out and informed 16 pounds each! come on!	
Apr 8 2008	Weekend Trip To See Joseph	I travel to London regularly and have stayed in several hotels.Hotel excellent, staff very freindly, rooms clean and breakfast excellent. A good hotel to stay in especially if you are going to the theatre. Best direct root from hotel is northern line to Charring Cross and you are on the Strand, walk round corner and you are at covent garden.If you are a light sleeper make sure you get room at the back as it can be a bit noisy with police sirens through the night.This hotel was the only one were I could get tickets for Joseph at short notice.Will stay again at this hotel as its in a good position for getting around.	
Mar 21 2008 	Needs new beds!!!!!!	I stay here a lot for business trips. Unfortunately it seems to be about the only convenient hotel in our budget at the moment, otherwise I would not be staying here. Reasons?1. Tiny single rooms2. Extremely uncomfortable beds3. Poor air-conditioning / heating etc... always either too hot or too cold.4. Poor breakfast - luke warm - tea poured from a shared pot (you used to get your own pot).5. Very noisy rooms if you are on or near the Tottenham Court Road side of the hotel.All that said, I always find the staff friendly and helpful.Unfortunately I'll be there again next week :(Just one night though :)I'd recommend the nearby Melia Whitehouse and St. Pancras Novotel as similarly priced hotels over and above the Grafton.	
Mar 13 2008	location hard to beat	Some previous reviews were pretty damning but decided to go for the convenient location and because there was not too many 4 stars available midweek for the price - paid €209 incl breakfast.Was hoping room would not be tiny and struck lucky with free upgrade to superior double on floor 4 at the back of the hotel. Room was good decor and space wise - a little dusty in places but not dirty. Flimsy blinds on 2 large windows left in a lot of light. Lots of hot water in pleasant marble bathroom on first night but only lukewarm water in the morning at 8am. TV not latest model as pointed out by other reviewers but adequate. Tea and coffee making facility in room. Location is so convenient - 3 stops from Victoria to Warren st after taking Gatwick Express. Literally a few steps from underground to hotel. Nearby streets have restaurants and bars and some good supermarkets. Shops seem mostly computer/electronics and furniture but not too far from Oxford street. I found staff polite and efficient. Breakfast was ok -good choice but bacon and mushrooms were cold from buffet. Overall, I liked the place and bearing in mind that London is expensive for business trips, I would stay again.	
Feb 28 2008 	Cold showers and cockroaches	This hotel is going downhill. I have been staying here on and off over the last 6 months.In the last 3 weeks there has been no hot water in the mornings, so a nice steaming shower to start the day has been out of the question - if you are one of those that showers in the evenings then you'll be fine.And to top it all last night, there was a cockroach in my room - YUK. Unfortunately because of this hotels' great location it was fully booked and I couldn't be moved - eeewwww.I won't be staying here again for some time!	
Feb 21 2008 	Tiny freezing noisy	I booked this hotel through the Lastminute &quot;secret hotel&quot; site. To be fair, I got a good deal, and I wasn't expecting too much.It's also fair to say that my low expectations were not diappointed! The room was tiny, which of itself was not too much of a problem. The real problem was the traffic noise all night long, and the cold wind blowing through the window straight onto the bed. It's a bit of a horror story, and I was glad to leave the next day.	
Feb 11 2008 	Four Star? Not if you're by yourself!	I booked this through Lastminute.ie and it was one of those &quot;Book this secret 4 star hotel and we'll tell you what it is after you've paid&quot;. When I found out it was a Radisson and on the Tottenham Court Road, I was delighted with the choice because of Radisson's reputation. I arrived at the hotel at 10 in the morning and there was no problem holding my bags until I checked in later that afternoon. There's a tube station practically next door and a bus stop outside leading to Camden and Kings Cross. In short, staff lovely. Location fantastic!And then I got my room. Now, maybe if you're with someone this is the best hotel ever, but if you're a solo traveller, think twice before staying. My room was tiny, even by London standards, reminiscent of a B&amp;B hotel in Earl's Court or Victoria, not a 4 star hotel bearing the Radisson brand. A single bed with less than 3 feet of a gap between the bed and the desk at the &quot;other side&quot; of the room. Soundproofing wasn't great, so I had traffic noises all night.The bathroom was miniscule! I had to shimmy sideways through the 10&quot; gap between the shower cubicle and the sink to get to the toilet. There wasn't enough room to swing a towel, let alone a cat! Disappointing and frustrating that a hotel can be billed as 4 stars, yet fall massively short of this rating.In short, this is not the hotel for a solo traveller. Avoid!	
Feb 10 2008 	Very friendly and helpful staff make this hotel	Arrived at the hotel at 1.30 and there was no problem booking in. The receptionist moved two of our party to the same floor as us and both rooms were ready. Three of us were sharing a room so we had a sofa bed already made up wgich made the room look smaller. The rooms were clean and neat but could do with a bit of a spruce up. Our bathroom was less than tiny but the other room had an adequate size one, so I suppose it is the luck of the draw. Saying that, there was everything we needed.The lift and the doors to the stairs have key security which sometimes proved hard to work.Breakfast, next morning, was delicious and the staff were very helpful and friendly.Close by are two supermarkets, pubs and the Landmark. Cannot recommend afternoon tea enough at The Landmark.All in all a very enjoyable experience.	
Feb 10 2008 	Very Nice Hotel in good location	The Radisson Edwardian Grafton Hotel is a very nice hotel in London right by University College London. It's right next to the Warren Street Tube Stop and most of London's sights are within a decent walk. -My room was very nice, even though a bit small (which is to be expected in London) with a very large bathroom. -Like I wrote above, the location was excellent. Easy access to most of London. -The area directly around the hotel is nice, with places to eat and get coffee. -Best thing about this hotel is that it has free wireless internet, which will save you a fortune.	
Jan 26 2008 	Overall a very pleasant stay - but beware the window cleaners!	We enjoyed our stay here very much - the room was very clean and neat although a bit on the small side. The staff were very helpful and the buffet breakfast was excellent. The gripe we had was that the window cleaners were somehow able to open our window our window from the outside and come into our room to &quot;fill up his bucket&quot;. Thank goodness we were fully clothed at the time, but the thought of a window cleaner snooping about room when we were out didn't sit too well with us. Just don't leave money/valuables lying around in full view - Im not saying that all window cleaners are thieves but in this day and age you just don't know.	
Jan 26 2008 	Single rooms are a bit naff	I stayed here on business in January 2008. I booked through my company travel agent at a rate of £122 per night.On arrival at the hotel they said they hadn't had the confirmation from my agent so wanted me to pay - despite the fact they were holding a room for me?!Upon arrival in the room, three things struck me. 1) The room was tiny 2) I had a view of the...air con pipes and 3) The window wouldn't shut so I had a draft coming through all night.Having said that, the room seemed fairly modern and on a very positive note, free wi-fi is provided throughout - this is now the deciding factor for me when choosing a hotel. The television was a small portable in the corner, on a shelf about half way up the wall.Overall, not a hotel I would return to - it was ok - but felt more like a B&amp;B rather than a plush international hotel chain.	
Jan 25 2008 	Good London hotel	Booked a single room + breakfast (£90) through alpha rooms but was upgraded to a double when I arrived without asking. Good, contemporary feel to the hotel and all staff were poilte and helpful. Room was a good size (although I'd recommend asking for a room at the back to avoid traffic noise) and had hairdryer, iron, bathrobe and good sized bathroom. The bar is stylish and relaxed and I didn't feel uncomfortable having a drink in there on my own with a good book. Breakfast was buffet style with a good selection of options. The location is excellent - 30 seconds walk from Warren St tube and 2 stops from Leicester Square. As a single traveller in London for business I'd definitely stay again.	
Jan 21 2008	Cool down the Radisson!	My husband and I stayed at the hotel last weekend January 18th to 20th. Terrific location for shopping, theatre etc. all within walking distance. Also located adjacent to the Warren Street Tube Station. Particularly convenient for Stansted airport as the Tottenham Hale stop which the Stansted Express makes is also on the tube line for Warren Street. The staff are friendly and helpful. Breakfast was a very nice buffet with lots of fresh fruit. Rooms are well designed.Some snags were the heat of the hotel - it was very very warm. Our bedroom though it had air- conditioning it did not work properly. WIndows could be opened but the noise from the hotel equipment outside was too much and they could not be left open. This resulted in our sleeping poorly. On one of the mornings the water from the shower was tepid rather than pleasantly hot. Touch ups in decor needed in some areas. Overall good value.	
Jan 21 2008 	Very disappointed	Stayed for 2 nights we had requested adjacent rooms as we had teenagers in one. I rang twice to make sure they could do this and both times was told it was sorted and in place. We checked in on-line and when we arrived they had no confirmation of our on-line check in and they had no adjacent rooms for us.The staff were very unhelpful and the rooms poor to say the least we would rate the hotel as 2star only. The third bed in our room was a very cheap sofa bed totally uncomfortable even for a child.The furnishings were very worn and we had a view over the garbage area!.The breakfast was ok but again service was poor, we requested a table for 9 persons and the staff said they could not do that so we had to sit seperately for breakfast.We will not be returning to this hotel or any other raddisson hotel after our experience with this one.	
Jan 20 2008 	Excellent Location - Nice hotel	Stayed here on business for one night. Had stayed here previously and the location; on Tottenham Court Rd, and less than a minutes walk from Warren St Tube station is just excellent. Room was a little small, although for a Central London hotel not unusually so, well appointed and clean. Bed was comfortable and bathroom spotless, nice fixtures and fittings and a wonderfully powerful shower My only complaint is that because I was catching an early train I could not take advantage of any breakfast - which my company had paid for. As a business hotel, I found it strange I could get no breakfast before 7am - I had to catch a train from St Pancras at 7.30 and therefore could not have the excellent breakfast I know this hotel provides. However, the accomodation and location is very good	
Dec 13 2007 	A Superb Hotel	Only spent one night at this hotel - more the pity! I was attending a conference the following day at the hotel.This is probably the best &quot;smaller&quot; hotel I have stayed in.Everything, and I mean everything, was absolutely superb.The staff - WOW! They know the meaning of the word service and seem proud to practice their craft.As a smoker, I was banished to the top floor and therefore had a smaller than normal room but it was a double and there was more than enough room for two people.My room was spotlessly clean, the beds comfortable and the room well equipped.The location is perfect for tourists.Highly recommended.	
Dec 6 2007 	Nice Stay at the Grafton London	I booked the room a day before my travel, and while I've read mixed reviews on this site, I decided to give it a go since I am trying to expand my list of tried-and-tested hotels in London where I visit once every 6-8 weeks.Check in staff Louis was very helpful even though there seemed to be a mistake with my pre-paid room but the hotel system did not pick it up and I had to pay again. They promised a prompt refund yesterday and hopefully the problem is being taken care of.From London Paddington station, I took a taxi for about 10 pounds (depending on traffic and the route driver takes, it could cost less than that) which landed me right in front of the hotel on Tottenham Court Road. If you are on a budget, the tube station right next to the hotel is Warren Street station, which is also close to Euston train station if you are coming into that station by train. The Goode Street station is about one block away, so overall, you are flanked by convenient public transportation which is very important during this time of the year where taxis are hard to come by on a weekend (I was there on a Saturday, taxis were non-exixtent in the evening!).Due to problems with a previous stay in the same hotel chain, I was given an upgrade to a King Deluxe. The room is very attic-like which is adorable. It's very clean and very spacious, and the bathroom has a heated towel rack (good for the winter months).My only issue with the bathroom was the weak shower, probably designed to prevent a mess due to the half glass shower &quot;curtain.&quot;I paid a few pounds extra to include breakfast in my package and had a nice breakfast the next day. Restaurant staff were very attentive and helpful - a wonderful experience.The location is excellent if you want easy access to Oxford Street and Covent Garden as those are about 5-8 blocks away. Alternatively, the tube is always a good alternative to walking if the weather is too wet or cold. I walked to Oxford Street and took the tube back to hotel when the legs got too tired.There are plenty of food choices, and there are three major supermarkets nearby (Sainsbury across the street, Tesco next door and Marks &amp; Spencer a few blocks away).Overall, I'd definitely go back to this hotel again, it was an enjoable stay in an ultra convenient location and easy access to public transportation or by walking around town.	
Dec 4 2007 	Great stay at a nice hotel	Just back from a 1 night stay at this hotel &amp; would definitely recommend. Nice big room for three with air con &amp; a window to open (which I prefer). Very friendly staff and also very helpful. Concierge couldn't do enough - getting taxis &amp; giving advice. Breakfast room was extremely busy but we were advised about this - really tasty food too.	
Nov 29 2007 	well located city hotel	I stopped off last minute at this hotel and picked it mainly for convenience and location. It's quite expensive; but in comparison to london it's about average. The room was moderate in size; the bed was huge and very comfortable; and had thick dark curtains that really blocked out the noise and light from Tottenham Court Road outside. I didn't eat at the hotel; though they had a very good room service menu and restuarant facilities. There are plenty of eateries in the location. The reception area was quite odd with several desks as opposed to one main desk. The bathroom was marble lined and though small was adequate with plenty of towels and toiletries. The hotel is located right next to Warren Street tube on the Victoria line and Eustin train station is only a 5 min walk away. All in all a well located and smart hotel; that primarily caters to the buisness market. It's well decorated and located and would be ideal for the buisness traveller wanting a smart stylish london stoppover.	
Nov 27 2007	Not Great!	Stayed one night on businessGood points - Location and wi-fi included in the price. Bad points - The quality of the hotel does not match its price point. For £177 a night I do not expect wooden panels to fall off furniture in the room when you merely brush past them nor did i anticipate the shower handle to come off in my hand. Generally felt the hotel was a bit grubby. Hotel room and particularly the bathroom was quite unclean (I wont go into details!). A personal gripe - To operate the lift you need to swipe your entry key. Reminded me of a travelodge not a 4 star business hotel in London!All in all I guess it would be worth it only if you could get it for a cheap price.	
Nov 9 2007 	not as bad as expected	my wife booked this hotel as a suprise treat i had read the reviews and was dreading going however not all of the reviews gave this hotel any justice first of all check in was terrible as described three desks no system and the room was not ready after a short wait along with a lot of other people the room was small but well equipt (room 326) breakfast was ok not over crowded as other travellers had described overall just an average hotel have stayed in better	
Oct 29 2007 	Better than I thought	I stayed at the Radisson Edwardian Grafton in the middle of October for 7 nights. I had originally booked online a standard two twin beds room since that was the only thing available but was given a double room on the second floor upon check-in. Check-in took a long time because there were so many people. The hotel rate was high due to the weak dollar but the location was excellent for everything I had planned. The hotel was only steps away from the nearest Tube station (Warren Street), there were two markets nearby (one across the street), and lots of restaurants nearby. After reading all the reviews I was afraid my room would be similar to a standard Japanese-sized hotel room but I was pleasantly surprised at the decent size. The bathroom was a decent size too and the door opened outwards. I’ve had problems with the water leaking onto the floor when taking a shower with only a half glass for the tub but didn’t have any this time. I opened my windows frequently since the heating seemed to be higher than normal even if I set the heater to a low temperature. The wireless Internet didn’t work for 1.5 days and we were allowed to use the business center for free. No one was ever in the center when I needed to use the computers (there were at least 6 and a printer available). Exchanging currency in the hotel is convenient but can be slow at times and the rate with commission deduction is terrible. I didn’t have breakfast since it was expensive (16.50 pounds). It was easier picking up coffee and breakfast at the nearby coffee places (EAT, Pret Manger, Caffe Nero).	
Oct 29 2007 	Not as bad as people make out but could do better	I did not want to stay here after reading review but my partner said we should give it a go and we got good rates. On checking in we were greeted by pleasant reception staff and given a free upgrade to a king size room 516. The room was a good size with a small sofa in it. The room is was ok however attention to detail was lacking, the window handle was broken, the television was coming apart, the shelf next to the bed was loose etc. I think the hotel has the potential to be really good I just think they need a good management team there who have an attention to detail. I enjoyed the stay there the free wireless is good if not a little stuborn. One more thing they are not very safetly conscious the door to the lift machine room was always open which led to the roof and the linen doors were always open on our floor. Come on Raddison head office get some decent attentive managers in there and support what seem nice staff.	
Oct 25 2007 	Avoid at all costs!!	Booked this hotel as it was close to meeting place near Regents Park.Specifically requested a room with a large desk and was allocated a small desk to work on, moved after considerable protesting. Room service took longer than 40 minutes to arrive on the first night. Breakfast selection mediocre, expensive and poor in comparison to offerings at Hilton and Marriott. Requested a bath plug from housekeeping on the final night only to be advised that these were nolonger supplied to guests due to the risk of overflowing baths? This hotel clearly lacks leadership and should be avoided at all costs, especially if you want to take a bath!	
Oct 21 2007 	Very Expensive for room facilities	The location is fine right next to the metro, but the hotel is very expensive - even for London rates - considering the size of the room.I had a very small room but it was clean.	
Oct 21 2007	Surely better places to stay for the amount charged	Firstly the positives. Excellent location. Free wifi access (which other hotels still charge for).The negatives. Small room and a very uncomfortable single bed (when i booked i was asked to select and selected a twin room - i really wasnt expecting a single bed otherwise i would have booked a double room). I stayed 2 nights and my friend one night. On check in i was asked about complimentary newspapers. What i didnt realise that that would result in one of us getting a paper (not me!) and one not...and no paper on a sunday. The breakfast is ok but far too expensive at nearly £17.Fire alarm late on saturday night and early sunday morning (8am) - thankfully not evacuated but unnerving nevertheless.Decided to use gym..l love it when they boast of a fitness centre but then it turns out to be a poky room in the basement with old equipment (one of the bikes was broken).A word of warning for the UK visitor booking via the website the price booked dosnt include VAT which i think is a little naughty and probably makes you feel you are getting more of a bargain than you are - and of course it means tis hotel comes up in searches by price at a rate it really shouldn't.Staff were fine on the whole but not overly welcoming or friendly i found.I wonder if the hotel reads these reviews and acts on some of the more general and persistent complaints. Last time i stayed in the premier travel inn at Euston and i thought this experience would be nicer as i was paying more - i was wrong! As i say there is surely somewhere better for the price. Decidedly average	
Oct 8 2007 	Great for a budget business trip!	After reading the mixed reviews about this hotel, I was rather concerned. However, I was pleasantly surprised.Generally :I was happy with this hotel and would defietly stay here again. Excellent central location, clean and functional. You wouldn't expect to spend many hours in the room; after all, you are in London!Detailed :I've just returned from a two night break (Saturday and Sunday) at the Radisson Edwardian Grafton Hotel. I made the booking through [--]. It was labelled as a 'Top Secret Hotel', so I couldn't see what I'd booked until I'd paid. I paid a total of £120 for one single room for two nights, room only. I though this was excellent value for money, given it's location in London.The location was great. Warren Street tube station was located right next to the hotel. Just one tube stop away from Euston. Warren Street tube is on two main line tube routes, so getting about was exceptionally easy.Check In was a bit slow. The majority of staff appeared to be foreign. I was a bit surprised when the staff asked to see my passport, as they thought I was foreign because I was speaking with my work colleage in Welsh!! So, as I am sure you can appreciate, I was slightly annoyed with them.The room was small, but modern and practical. My room was 126, which was on the first floor. The room had everything you needed :- Single cupboard containing a trouser press, hangers, iron, ironing board- Single bed- TV with a selection of channels- Practical desk- Phone- Hair dryer- Mini Bar (beware, you will be charged for moving the drinks)- Digital Safe- Tea / Coffee making facilitiesThe room also had a Shower Room. This room was very compact, but also very functional. A decent sized shower with excellent water pressure. Some may say that the toilet was located in a position which larger people may have difficulty in reaching. I am a size 10, 5'8&quot; tall and I had no problems.From reading the information file in the room, I noted that the hotel offered a 'Shoe Polish' service. You could place your shoes in the appropriate bag outside your room before 1am and they would be returned by 6.30am having been polished. I took advantage of this free service.Upon leaving the hotel and checking out, we were able to leave our luggage in reception until we were ready to leave for the train.My only complaint about the room, was that it was located facing a very busy road, so if you are a light sleeper, beware of this. The road was busy throughout the night. My colleague had a room on the fourth floor where he found much less noise problems.	
Oct 6 2007	Couldn't order room service because "the chef had decided to leave early today".	Firstly the reception staff weren't friendly. My room was tiny. Carpets &amp; Bedsheets were stained. Couldn't order room service because &quot;the chef had decided to leave early today&quot;. Won't be back there again!	
Oct 4 2007	disappointing	I stayed here for a conference in central London. Although the location was very convenient, being just outside Warren Street tube station, the hotel was less than I expected. The paintwork in my bathroom was (an executive deluxe room) was yellow, and was in desparate need of a new lick of paint, the TV was a tiny 16&quot; old CRT model, and the safe kept refusing to open, necessitating daily trips to my room from the hotel manager on duty.The food at the bar was really nice, though. I had a very fresh smoked salmon on a toasted bagel and the gym was petit but functional with three treadmills, a few free weights and a machine which functioned as a general all body toner.I would only stay here again if I really needed to stay within walking distance to the conference venue that I was at previously. I originally wanted to stay at the Mal Maison in London, but that was fully booked, so I stayed at a four star close to the venue. Next time, I'll stick to the Mal Maison and book earlier!	
Oct 1 2007 	Terrible Value For Money	The hotel is in a good location. Warren St. tube is 100m away. Euston Square and Euston are two minutes walk (come out of the stations, turn right, turn left at Tottenham Crt. Rd). There is a pharmacy, two shops and a McDonalds in stone throwing distance.My room was 426, a single. It was very small but I could deal with that. The biggest problem was that the bathroom was tiny. You must be limber to access the toilet as it is wedged under the sink. This room is not suitable for the elderly or anyone who is not quite flexible.The room faces the street which is a little noisy, but you have to expect that. It has a double window which helps. Perhaps you should ask for a room on the upper floor at the back.First night, like another reviewer, I found my hand towel had some disturbing stains. I just told myself it was rust. Thankfully it was replaced the following day.The room was quite dusty and the carpet hadn't seen a vacuum for quite some time. The TV was small, old, and had few channels.The second morning a cleaner decided to enter my room at 8am. I suppose I should have put the &quot;do not disturb&quot; light on, but I though that the newspaper lying untouched outside my door should have given her a hint I wasn't up yet.Believe it or not, breakfast is not included in the £80 rate. It costs E24!!! 24 euro for a tiny bowl of fruit, two slices of bread and a coffee. It is criminal.Make sure you check your bill. They tried to charge me £10 for a mini-bar I never touched. There was also another strange charge on my bill marked as &quot;lounge&quot;. This was separate to what I actually spent in the bar, so my best guess is it is a stealth service fee.A two night stay ended up costing me E380. I don't care that it's London, that is terrible value for money. I recommend you only go here using the company's expense account.	
Sep 14 2007 	Not as good as it should be!	The staff at the check-in desk spoke very poor English and I struggled to get them to understand what I was saying - they were very polite though. The location is great - very handy for Euston Station. The single rooms are tiny - beware! The family rooms are super though, although the Aircon is not very effective and there were no side lights in the room - it was the main light or nothing: most odd! The tea / coffee they offered was laughable - no way was that enough for a family! The corridoors are very narrow and the hotel was hot despite the outside temperatures being average. Breakfast was a total scrum - the queues were unbeliveable and apparently this is normal! The hot food was poor - cold and not very tasty at all. Their hotel room capacity far outweighs the dinning capacity. Drinks were of course very expensive. All in all, not bad but it could do better!	
Aug 20 2007 	Central Location	We stayed here for two nights mid August. The hotel is well located next to Warren St tube station or 15 min walk to Oxford St.The hotel was smart and clean and reasonably priced, the rooms are not overly large but are modern. The only really bad point was that we had booked directly with the hotel, but when we checked in they had the wrong prices on the computer. We spoke to three different members of staff about it and none of them wanted to sort it out, so we had to end up ringing the hotel bookings from reception to get this cleared up. The staff were not helpful and quite rude on reception. Also there can be loud traffic noise during the night.	
Aug 19 2007 	Clean central basic no complaints	We have just returned from a one night stay at this hotel, booked through superbreaks.com with a theatre trip. Having read previous mixed reviews, I was rather nervous. We are well travelled and used to staying in quality hotels and happy to pay for great service and extra luxury. As this was a flying visit we were not looking for the x-factor but we were looking for a peaceful and stress free stay.Checking in was busy, plenty of tourists clearly choosing this hotel as a location of choice. Modern reception if rather compact. Efficient staff but not overly friendly. Our break was booked for a double room, but we asked whether there was a King available (offering to pay) and after a few minutes IT searching we were advised that a King could be available (free of charge). Great thanks. No offer of assistance with luggage but thats ok. We found our room via the many corridors, and were pleasantly surprised by a clean, neutral, well equipped room. Iron, toiletries, mini bar, robes, hairdryer, all in place. unusual in this age. No redeeming features to mention, but for this price and location, you're not going to be hanging around in your room (i hope). Bathroom fine, clean and powerful hot shower.Breakfast was included for the rate, and whilst it is a bit of a canteen approach (help yourself to buffet including hot fry up) there is a fast service and friendly management on hand. For those of us looking for an easy and no frills london-tourist approach, this is great!Lovely lounge area for late night drinks if you are so inclined, leather chairs etc.Took us 10 mins max to walk from Oxford Circus which is fabMinor cons:- very bright bedroom lighting, no option for dimming for late night reading- fairly noisy rooms facing the road, but location is great so you choose...- concierge servive a bit hit and miss...we waited quite a while for directions. we weren't bothered, but others may be!All in all, no complaints &amp; so long as you are in town with an open mind, location key, and time on your side - ideal!	
Aug 10 2007 	Rats small room dirty carpet broken phone worst hotel i EVER stayed in	I was drawn to this hotel because the pictures were convincing, it had pretty good ratings, and the price was bob barker. When I arrived, I saw that it wasn't ok. They put me in a room that was way in the back on the first floor. I entered the room and thought it was 'ok'. 'The carpet is a little dirty. I won't touch the floor then. The towels are a little dingy too...The room is small. Well, I'll just deal with it. Besides I won't be in this room too often and it's only for two nights. Besides the bathroom looks clean'. Basically, I convinced myself that it would be alright. However, on my last night I had a visitor. A damn rat slipped under my door at 3am as I was up on the computer. I screamed of course and ran out of the room immediately. Hell, I couldn't call them because guess what??? My phone did not work! They were able to switch my room and I made them give me a partial refund...but can you believe that??? I have never encountered such a situation!!On my last night I stayed at the Hilton and it was 'very' pleasant. Don't stay at the Radisson Hotel...HEED MY WARNING. It is wack.	
Aug 5 2007 	extremely hard working staff	My husband and I visited this hotel for a 2 night stay,(Friday and Saturday) for a theatre/sightseeing weekend.Room. Oh dear, view was less than perfect, lst floor. This could be put right by putting a full length voille curtain behind drab blinds. Whilst we appreciate you do not spend much time in the room, everyone likes to put their feet up for a while and you do not really want an unacceptable view right in your face.Oh dear - no bath. Whilst we did not request a bath, all the pics. seemed to suggest rooms had a bath. It is amazing how much foot slogging you do in a weekend trip to London and a bath and chilled glass of wine go down so well after walking around town with the masses.Housekeeping. Excellent. Lovely fluffy bath towels. !Dinning room. We had messages on our TV both nights to say that the dinning room would be busy between 9/10. Saturday morning we went for breakfast at 7.45 and Sunday morning 8.45. Absolutely no problems. We were seated straight away. Every member of Staff working fantastically hard. The quality of the food was excellent, catering for all. We left the dinning area at 9.30 this morining (Sunday). There were about 6 people waiting to be seated. There were tables that had been cleared, so they would not have been there long. A previous review seems to suggest really bad problems with dining. Evidently not. If you are going out on the town Saturday night and want a lay in, than why not have room service (which seemed extremely reasonable for the middle of London). we checked out at 10.20 and there were definitely no guests waiting for breakfast.,A very busy hotel where all the Staff, including Manuel ( all probably underpaid )work extremely hard to please everyone. Unfortunately, this will never be possible.The hotel is next to a tube station - 10/15 minutes to theatre land, etc.(	
Jul 27 2007 	Wonderful stay	We are Americans living in Europe, in our mid-fifties and our daughter is 22. We went to London for our daugther to attend a conference and to do some sightseeing ourselves. The hotel was listed as the most close to the conference venue so that is why we booked there. We requested non-feather pillows and a non-smoking room ahead of time and were given both without any problem.Our room was spacious by European standards (we were in a standard twin with the pullout sofa for our adult daughter). Our only complaint was with the bathtub shower combination. It has a clear glass shower side that only moved in toward the tub, not out. It made it a little difficult to get in and out of the tub. The towels were on a rack that was ingenious:when your shower was running hot water, the water ran through the rack and heated the towels. This is the first time we had seen this.The breakfast buffet was much more than adequate. Coldcuts, fresh and canned fruit, yogurts, pastries, cereals, two kinds of eggs, three kinds of sausage, bacon and ham, tomatoes and beans....Toast and coffee or tea were brought to our table. It was enough to fortify us until dinner each day. A Sainsbury's was directly across the street, so all kinds of food was available there from sandwiches, drinks to salad bar and a regular grocery store. Five ATMs within a block. MacDonalds is two doors down and there a multitude of small Indian restaurants, sandwich shops, and pubs within two blocks of the hotel. The subway is almost directly across the street, and Euston train station is about a 10-15 minute walk away. Very, very convenient.The staff were exceptionally helpful--always greeted us with a smile, offered helpful suggestions and knew how to get to anyplace we wanted to go--from the Proms to museums to the Birkenstock store near Coventry Garden. They seemed to go the extra mile for us--even mailing some things we didn't want to carry back to our home.--and storing our luggage for 4 hours after checkout.The breakfast area becomes a lounge after breakfast; though pricey for drinks it was convenient after a long day of museum viewing and used book shopping. The one slight inconvenience is the &quot;business center.&quot; It is a small room down a flight of stairs--not accessible by elevator, and all the computers were not operational which meant a short wait several times. But we were grateful for the computer access.All in all, we had a very pleasant stay and would recommend this hotel highly.	
Jul 17 2007 	Don't belive it	A friend having booked this hotel before I read the reviews, I arrived at this hotel with some trepidation.I expected a surly welcome and unpleasant staff. Nothing could be further from the truth. Arrival was a breeze and our room more than adequate for a weekend break. After checking in we immediately went to the bar-pleasant waiter who served us without any problems.We arrived for breakfast the next morning and were shown to a table straight away. The same happened the next morning. It's true that there were queues for the food caused I think by the fact that the dining area is too small for such a large hotel.I didn't die of starvation however.I was with a group of eight- all well travelled- and we unanimously agreed that on our next visit to London we will stay there again. Oh, and another thing, none of us heard a single siren keeping us awake all night!!	
Jun 11 2007 	lucky packet	I stayed at this hotel for 2 consecutive weekends. On both my stays i had requested a non smoking room. As i arrived early i was accom at first in a smoking room which i agreed to try. The room was great, good size and bathroom spacious. However, smell of smoke was unbearable and opted to move to non-smoking, this room was a fair bit smaller but ok...on my next weekend i was given a TINY room with a bed that was completely worn out and even curled up at end... bathroom miniscule and entering and exiting the shower or toilet almost always results in injury... porter staff also not great and waited half an hr on many occasions for bags to be brought up or fetched.. however after all my complaining i must say staff very good, i left my passport in room safe and when i called to ask them to look for it, they informed me it was found and kept for me.	
Jun 1 2007 	A room but no more avoid this hotel if you can.	Overall we were disappointed, the hotel offers a room in London rather than a pleasant experience, it is poor compared to other Radisson SAS hotels, and had one major problem.The location of the hotel is OK , at the wrong end of Tottenham Court Road it is 15 mins walk to Oxford Street, but is next to a tube station so you can get anywhere in London reasonably easily. There is no parking on site, but they offer valet parking in a nearby garage at £36 / night. This is a good option, they retrieved our car within 15 mins and self parking at the nearest garage (10 mins walk at least) would be £30 / night. Street parking is not an option. Check in was slow, there was a 15 minutes wait at 10:30 in the evening.We stayed in the 'King Suite' room 501. The room was reasonably large and could accommodate the three of us quite easily, but was dark and drab. Everything functioned , but the decoration was a little tired.. The public areas of the hotel are also a little dark and drab. There is no natural light in the bar, which is quiet and lacks any atmosphere in the evening. The service is still very slow and is given grudgingly without a smile. More like a run down pub in the suberbs than a central London location.The hotel is near a hospital and ambulances do come in sirens blazing through the night. The soundproofing is poor, but to be fair I managed to get a decent nights sleep on all three nights, others might not.The worst part of the stay was breakfast. On the Sunday the queue ran out of the breakfast room, through the lobby, and half way up the stairs to the first floor. The wait was 45 mins, and after that there were lines 20 people long waiting for the buffet stand. There is so much they could have done to avoid this, longer hours, coffee stands, overflow rooms. This is simply unacceptable in a four star hotel. We didn't stay. I can't imagine any visitor form the USA putting up with this.The management on site is poor and did not respond to problems. Some staff encouraged us to complain to head office about the breakfast arrangements, which embarrassed them. There was some confusion about who was the manager. Nobody seemed to be in charge.If you have ever stayed at other Radisson Hotels this will surprise you because it is not typical of the group. There is no comparison between this hotel and for instance the Radisson Portman a couple of miles away. If you only want a room, in a decent location, with valet parking the hotel can do that. If you want anything more, a breakfast, a drink in the bar, good service, nice ambiance, staff that care, I am afraid you must go elsewhere. Check out my other reviews, I think this is my most negative review I have given. if you can, go elsewhere.	
May 25 2007 	Tiny rooms and beds	For once I did not check Tripadvisor page before booking a hotel room. Mainly because I booked the trip at such short notice that I was just very pleased to get a 4 star hotel from a known chain at a super price (for London): 115 GBP. The guy at reception wasn't very helpful and the few things he said were difficult to understand. We got a non smoking room as requested, were not offered the complimentary newspaper..That was about it. When we got to our room we almost immediately fell into the bed, just because of the room size. The bed was tiny as well, more like a big single bed for a 4 star hotel, but definetely not a bed for two in a 4 star hotel, I would reckon it was 120cm wide, at the very most 140. The fact that the mattress was extremely soft and made you almost roll out if you were lying to close to the edge, didn't help for a good night's sleep. Room was clean enough, bathroom also ok, even though I missed the normally offered toiletries like nail file, shampoo etc. Thank god I don't have to go to London that often, as I am yet to find a hotel with a good price/quality relationship. Water and soft drink in the bar cost 2.50£ each + service charge...	
May 16 2007	Lamb in Sheeps Clothing	We arrived to find although we had booked 5 monthes previous we couldnt have a smoking room as we booked,the room was pleasant albeit small well stocked and clean, breakfasts were very good with a huge choice to suit all diets,handily placed for the west end with good bus and tube stops directly outside.Localy an array of bars and restaurants surround the hotel with good shops too.Alhough offered complimentry newspapaers we were charged for them and as a previous review said the english language is not a strong point of the staff, so we just paid rather than try to make the staff understand.Avoid the bar we all expect hotel drinks to be a little expensive but .... £18.00 for 2 gin and tonics is Mayfair Prices.Enjoyed our 3 days but wouldnt stay here again.Smaller hotels are more helpful...	
May 16 2007	Impressive building small room loud shutting bedroom doors	I found this hotel to be the usual standard one expects from a 4 star hotel, not out of the ordinary. My room was rather small but was neat and clean. The bathroom was again clean although slightly cramped. The food service has an optional service charge which is added by default, you have to ask for it to be removed if you do not want to pay it. The staff were friendly and professional. I gave the hotel a lower rating because of the loud shutting bedroom doors which wake guests in adjacent rooms. Why do some hotels insist on having bedroom doors that shut so loudly? This is annoying and wakes up guests.	
May 9 2007 	Should be ashamed	I never thought the need to write a critic about a hotel but the Radisson Edwardian Grafton really deserved a warning to travellers.The staff was extremely rude and could not find my reservation. They charged me twice for my room and I am still struggling to be refunded properly.If you say for many nights, as I did, you will get bored of having the exact same breakfast everyday. There are extremely limited options of food.The hotels does not have ammenities such as cream, conditioner, cotton, etc. The rooms are very small so if you have a tendency to suffer from claustrophobia, you should not pick this hotel.I am a frequent traveller and I can tell you that I have never suffered form people as rude and inefficient as the staff of this Radisson hotel.	
May 9 2007	Unhelpful staff and very poor service!	Myself and my partner stayed in the Radisson Grafton earlier this year as part of a mini break. We had driven from Edinburgh to London and was expecting a high standard as it cost us £660 for a three night stay.When first arriving the staff had no idea where the car park for the hotel was, we had to ask a taxi driver outside. The reception staff can barley understand a word of English which is totally ridiculous considering we were in London, a English speaking city. The only good thing about the hotel was the standard of the king suit, it was lovley, really well thought out. However this hotel is across from a hospital and if you can get any sleep good luck to you.We had to buy ear plugs after the first night and even at that there was still noise coming through. God knows how people on the lower floors slept because we were the furthest away on the 5th floor.It's a shame really because whoever designed the rooms has done a good job but the rest of the hotel and it's staff let it down.Staff training would be a must if I were the manager there, as the do not have a clue what they are doing.	
Apr 15 2007 	Pleasant Stay close to local attractions	Pleasant place to stay, food good chefs special on the main menu was not available on our two night stay! accomodation reasonable for the price,waiter staff very good as was the breakfast selection. Down side reception staff unable to get the bill sorted out correctly, would do with extra training on computers otherwise a reasonable place to stay if unable to find an alternative.	
Apr 6 2007 	more like a three star hotel	We stayed at this hotel for two nights as part of a theatre break. The location of this hotel was good as it's very close to Warren St tube station and there are plenty of bus stops in the vicinity. The interior of the reception area and the bar and restaurant are very nice and smart. The staff were always friendly to us during our stay. The rooms were a bit of a disappointment to be honest, they were really small and space was very cramped, we had a double room so there was hardly any space left to move around the bed, also the furniture was a bit shabby with the veneer peeling off, this isn't really what you would expect from a 4 star hotel.Overall this was an ok hotel, but it was quite overpriced for what was supposed to be a four star hotel.	
Apr 1 2007 	Good hotel	Stayed in this hotel for two nights. In short reasonable location and well finished hotel but tiny room. Space is at a premium in these buildings but these rooms where far too small. Check in and check out took far too long but the food was good and staff generally friendly.	
Mar 28 2007 	Great hotel	My family and I stayed at this hotel for 1 night, whilst site seeing and taking in a show. The location was fantastic, most of what we wanted to see was within half an hour walking distance or the tube was right outside. We had three double bedrooms in total and all of them were lovely, nicely decorated, although one of the them was rather small! There was a great deal of choice for breakfast, whatever you could want was probably available! The service here was good to, we had a very smiley and polite waiter.Overall, I'd recommend this hotel. Very pleasant.	
Mar 19 2007 	Nice location only	Very nice location, next to the tube and right outside bus stops. There are numrous shops, supermarkets, conveinent stores, cafes and pubs within 5 minutes walking distance. The Regent Park, an excellent place for a stroll is just 10 minutes walk. There is a zoo there too! Oxford Street and other prime areas are also not far from the hotel, just a few stations/stops away or about half an hour walk.However, the room is extremely small, particularly for a single room whereby the toilet is usable only if one closes the bathroom door (no bath, shower only in a tiny booth). A double room is larger but still far from being large (with bath in bathroom though). The service is ok and the breakfast is average without too many choices.	
Mar 8 2007	Good hotel	Was a brilliant hotel, very clean and fresh! We booked a deluxe room seeing some reviews said the rooms were small. Our bed was huge has a lovely big bath and lovely seating area, only problem was the reception on the telly was rubbish and couldnt harly watch it! Train station is a 20second walk! One night we walked from covent garden to the hotel and took us around half hour! The staff were lovely and seeing we had to check out by 11am and wanted to go to the natural history museum and go to the chinse new year they allowed us to leave our bags with them until we returned late that night!Thanks for a Plesent stay!	
Feb 27 2007 	Good for London excellent location	We have stayed at the Raddison Grafton twice in the past month.Very good location, only 10 minutes to Oxford Street by foot. Lots of options for pubs, cafe, supermarkets etc.. etc.. Very nice curry house within a one minute walk of the hotel on Tottenham Court road.Rooms nice decor, with decent sized bathroom. Breakfast fine if you have continental. Full English is not the greatest though and the coffee is not very nice at all, have tea.Overall, decent hotel in a decent location not bad at all considering its location and weekend prices.	
Feb 26 2007 	Excellent location nice bedroom however small bathroom	The Radisson Edwardian Grafton is in an excellent locaion right next to Warren Street tube station. Literally only a couple of minutes away from Tottenham Court Road station. Got this hotel for a good price through lastminute under their top secret hotel for £65. There is plenty of places to get food for breakfast from nearby. The room was comfortable and modern, however my only drawback was that the bathroom was very small even by London standards. Overall would stay again if a deal came up.	
Feb 13 2007 	A comfortable stay	Booked this hotel at a total price of 111 pounds. Was a good stay for me, had a fairly big room (Room 530). Was a twin room. Bathroom came with bath and shower. However realised that the dustbin was not emptied upon my arrival. The beds were confortable, though they can be a little bigger. The newspaper did not come in the morning (I checked out at 11am) as promised. Location was fantastic, RIGHT NEXT to Warren St tube station. Had a Sainsbury DIRECTLY opposite and a Tesco RIGHT NEXT to the hotel. However, service always seem a bit rushed. Asked for a taxi to go to Paddington to catch the heathrow express, was shocked to see a Mercs Benz cab that charged me 15 pounds for a 10 mins ride.	
Feb 12 2007 	lovely hotel	Stayed here on Sat 10 Feb, nice room on 3rd floor with a view over Tottenham Court Road (if you dont mind the hustle and bustle of the road - although the windows are double glazed so most of the noise is kept out) bed was very comfortable and curtains were very thick which kept all light out, we checked in two hours early at 12.00 and were offered late check out until 4pm free of charge which I thought was excellent. House keeping even called our room to ask what time we were planning on leaving rather than barging into our room, this was appreciated as has happened to me in previous hotels. £135 for a king delux inc breakfast, Location is brill, we wandered to camden market on Sunday morning then headed the other way to Oxford street/Regent steet. Breakfast was good with a wide choice, tryed the chicken sausages! hmm interesting....Staff were very helpful although I didnt come across any English staff during my stay, Will definately be going back!	
Feb 9 2007 	A Chilling Experience	I often have reason to stay in this part of London on business trips and I have occasionally considered this hotel, although its prices, even online, are at the upper end of my budget. However, this is the first time I have actually stayed here, mainly because the room was booked for me by an organization that wanted to be billed direct under a standing account arrangement. I am glad that I was not spending my own money. Let's get the good things acknowledged: the place was clean and the bed, although small was comfortable with nice bedding. Wireless internet was free, which is still far too uncommon in the UK, and worked easily and efficiently. Breakfast was OK. However, none of this really makes up for having a freezing cold room, due almost entirely to a howling gale under the door from the aircon in the corridor going full blast. No manipulation of the room heating controls could overcome this. If you were out of the direct line of the gale - in the bathroom or in bed - things were tolerable but the small size of the room made it almost inescapable. The room has an internal step from the door, which is not well marked and which I pitched down when I first went in, so this draught does not merely chill the feet but hits half way up the body of anyone typing at the desk or trying to watch the TV. Minor niggles - the TV is positioned so that it is impossible to watch from the bed and the double glazing is inadequate to cope with the street noise from Tottenham Court Road. Frankly, it is possible to get more comfortable rooms in Bloomsbury for 50-60 per cent of the typical internet room rate here and I don't think I shall be switching my own custom anytime soon.	
Jan 25 2007 	Tiny tiny bathroom and bad breakfast service	Myself and 5 colleagues stayed here on the 24th of January for 1 night whilst in London. I made the reservation through our travel desk at work and we were originally booked into the Raddison Sussex at Granville Place, however we arrived to find that they had allocated us single rooms, despite having confirmation that we had double rooms for single occupancy. We know from experience that their single rooms are tiny and as one of our party was 7 months pregnant we refused to stay in the single rooms. Luckily I had our confirmation with me and they agreed for us to be transferred to the Grafton and paid for a cab to take us there.The Grafton isn't as initmate as the Sussex. It's busier and I'm sorry to say that the level of service is not the same. The double room was nicely decorated, had a comfortable bed and that was about all. My room was on the busy road and the double glazing didn't deaden the noise at all. Luckily I always travel with earplugs so it wasn't a problem, but if you are going to stay here I'd recommend them.The bathroom was tiny and I mean tiny. I had to manoeuvre awkwardly in between the shower and the sink to get the loo and then I had to sit on it at an angle. The shower itself (there wasn't a bath) had very little power and it took ages to wash. There are no toiletries and no shelf space to store your essentials.It was late when we arrived so we ate in the restuartant. It's badly lit and feels like a school canteen. The food was mediocre.In the morning we went down for breakfast. I don't drink tea or coffee so I asked for some hot water and a slice of lemon. I had to ask 4 times. We had to ask twice for tea for another colleague and 3 times for extra toast as they brought 2 slices for four of us. It's very busy in the restaurant on a morning and the attention to detail just isn't there.I've stayed in other Radissons and this one just doesn't cut it.	
Jan 18 2007	Lovely place service could be better.	Stayed at the Radisson Grafton for 8 nights in January 2006 for a business trip. The room was clean and spacious enough - I was pretty comfortable, all told. I had a good experience, but there were negative aspects as well.My colleague was in another room (a smoking room, in spite have having requested non-smoking - but she smoked, so it wasn't too bad). She had NO drawers in which to store clothing, and very few hangers available in the armoir. When she requested more hangers from the concierge, he said there were none to be had, and perhaps she should go out and buy some from a store and have the hotel reimburse her. A ridiculous suggestion in any case! We suggested that HE (or someone else at the hotel) should do that, and he finally (after much explaining and him even coming into her room to see that she had no drawers, as he wouldn't really believe her) agreed to do so. Of course, we never saw any hangers.Breakfast buffet was OK, but the eggs one morning were decidedly past their prime (and both of us felt ill after eating them). The servers in the restaurant were EXTREMELY touchy about allowing people into the breakfast area. Presumably they have had people eating free breakfasts in the past and were trying to avoid it, but they bordered on rude sometimes. That said, their cappuccinos were outstanding, and always came with a few tasty little cookies.Room rates were reasonable (of course my company, not I, paid for it), but I did think breakfast and dinner at the hotel restaurant were outrageously priced. Wireless in the rooms was unreliable, but there was a business center with several terminals I was able to use. Check in and check out were fine, but that's probably because we came in at off hours (late morning arrival, VERY early morning departure). I saw other people checking in and out at what might be considered peak hours (mid-morning), and it got pretty crowded. Location is fine, if you don't mind the boring stretch of Tottenham Court Road it's on. But you're only a 5 or 10 minute walk to Oxford Street, and there is a Tube station across the street - very handy. It wasn't the best hotel stay I've ever had, but I would probably stay there again. Clean, quiet enough (if you're not in a room right above the street) and serves its purpose.	
Jan 16 2007 	Good value pleasant staff	Stayed here for 3 nights to attend the London Boat Show. I got the hotel via londontwon.com for £70+VAT per room per night.The hotel was very welcoming and pleasant staff assisted me whenever without having to ask them twice.The room was small but did the job. The bed was comfortable and in room facilities were all I needed (tea making, iron, desk and chair, TV). Bathroom excellent cleaned to perfection daily.For shoppers the hotel is at the wrong end of Tottenham Court Road for carrying your shopping but a very frequent bus service no.29 (seems to run every 2 minutes during the day) solves this problem. About a 5 minute ride.The hotel is right next to Warren St tube station and a TESCO Express is next door with a Sainsbury's Local opposite. During the week a street fruit seller is on Warren St itself for some fresh fruit for you to ensure your diet is not all fast food.Just 10 minutes slow walk from Euston station recommend this hotel bargain!!!!!	
Jan 10 2007 	Fairly rubbish in my opinion	Disappointed with this hotel, as have stayed in several radissons better than this.Small, tired room. Cost over £120 for the night. Breakfast room full and had to wait 20 minutes in the morning.In London, you get way better hotels for the money than this!	
Jan 4 2007 	Mixed experience	Well, we had a mixed experience here. We booked through Radisson website, 119 £/night for a deluxe doubleroom incl. english breakfast and taxes, that is for two persons. The deluxe rooms are bigger than standard rooms. The size of the room was about 20 m2 which is quite big for a London Hotel.The hotel is perfectly situated at Warren Street station with Northern and Victoria Lines. Arriving from Gatwick with The Gatwick express it is just 4 stops with Victoria Line. We had room 110, facing the street, but it was no problem as long you keep the windows closed. Nice room with bathrobes and a nice bathroom, see the pictures. The bad side of the hotel is that you are treated as a costumer not as a guest. Quite odd but not very important to us. The breakfast was a disapointment, the english part was ok, but the continental part was not good. If not included in the rate it is 16,5 £, quite expensive.All in all the hotel is ok and for the price we paid you have value for money. The neigbourhood is nice, and with The Saintsbury just outside the hotel, you can have whatever you want in food or drinks. They are open until late.	
Jan 2 2007 	A wonderful couple of days - excellent!	We stayed booked this hotel through website londontown. and stayed for a couple of nights - 29th &amp; 30th December 2006. The hotel was just lovely, very clean and well maintained. It is a lovely building, lots of marble floors and wood features. The staff are very helpful. We had a problem with the loo in our Double Room and we called Deepesh on Reception. He was brilliant and upgraded us to a King Room! There was no problem at all. The room itself had all the amenities you'd expect in a hotel of this calibre. The bed was very comfortable indeed - slept like logs. The only thing I would say is that some of the rooms look out the back of the hotel and there's the fans for the Air Con which can be a bit noisy if you have the window open but it was nothing really to worry about. All of the staff we met were great, we were made to feel very special and welcome. Nothing seemed to be too much trouble. The management of this hotel should be very proud of all of their staff. We booked to go to the Comedy Club in Leicester Square and wanted a taxi to take us down the road. The reception staff took us out to the front of the hotel and we were shown to a Mercedes!!! The hotel have a couple of cars just for guests. The ride was £10 but in a black cab back it cost us £4.80 but it was nice to arrive in style!!! The breakfast wasn't bad, lots of choice and fresh cold milk for the cereal, although they had some chicken sausages which weren't very nice! You could help yourself to as much as you liked and you weren't rushed away after you'd finished. You could sit and enjoy your cuppa! I would definately recommend this hotel and we will be booking to go back there again. Thanks so much to the staff for making it such a wonderful and very restful couple of days. Top Notch!!!	
Jan 2 2007 	Great Location	i bkd a weekend away for 2 nights for new years, i have to say i was very impressed by the location, staff and facilities of the hotel. Check in was quick, the room was better than what i expected and was very clean and of a good size. the bathroom which is something i look at first when i enter a room was lovely and clean and of a very good size. we had breakfast included which was very nice. in terms of location it was just off the Euston road on the Tottenham Court Road, across the road from Warren St undergroud. there were loads of small cafes and a sainsburys and tescos on the doorstep. there was abit of noise at night as our room was on the main road side however considering it was new years i wasnt expecting a quiet nights sleep in London! i would def recommend this hotel to anyone planning a trip to London as its very good value for money	
Dec 15 2006 	Comfy bed superb bathroom...	Wanted to splurge a bit for part of my trip, so I picked the Radisson Grafton based on one of their online deals as well as location (next door to Warren St. tube station). From Heathrow, took the Heathrow Express to Paddington Station. From there, a taxi which was £9. Sometimes there's a taxi share which would make it cheaper.It was a busy weekday morning (Nov. 22), so the street outside was bustling, and there was a long queue at the registration desk. The lobby was pleasant - modern with an Asian twist. Was disappointed there were no Christmas decorations up yet. The clerks' computers were concealed behind wooden cabinets so everything was pleasing to the eye. Staff was cordial but little eye contact was made. They spent alot of time typing in deep concentration - lots of clicking of keys. In the end, I was able to get a room around 12:00 Noon - 2 hrs. before the expected check-in time. Much appreciated since I didn't sleep on the plane. Baggage storage was available, but I had to ask.While waiting for the room, I strolled around the adjacent back streets. Had a great breakfast at The Honest Sausage in nearby Regent's Park. Was given a temporary keycard to access free internet/email in the Radisson Business Center on the lower level. This area is full of conference rooms which all seemed to be busy that day.The Warren St. tube was &quot;Exit Only&quot; during weekday mornings.For ATM/Cashpoint, there's a Barclay's just down Tottenham on the left. Breakfast was not included in the rate, but there's a Tesco, Boots, Sainsbury Local, and McD's right there. Again, the back streets are full of charming shops and places to eat.I reserved a single, but got a small double room. The bed was one of THE most comfortable I've ever slept in! The bathroom was roomy and clean. Provided were soft towels (including wash/face cloths), shampoo/soap, cotton balls, Q-tips, shower caps, extra TP. Heated towel rack was a plus as was the climate control panel. Complimentary shoe shine - leave shoes in bag on door. Loved the switches for &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; or &quot;Please Clean Room.&quot; The top floor (rear view) was really quiet and had a view of the BT Tower.The only thing that bothered me during the 4 night stay was the bright hallway lights that shown under the door. I just put a rolled up towel against the door. The elevators were slow, but there's a nice staircase. I never received my wakeup call one morning. Eventually learned that the TV can be set to turn on automatically.At checkout, they said that someone had charged breakfast to my room twice. When disputed, they removed it. Funny, while checking-in, I noticed they said the same thing to other guests who had not used the breakfast room either.Overall, it was a comfortable stay, and I would return if there was a good rate. The only thing I did miss was the intimacy of a small hotel/B&amp;B. The Radisson is most definitely a business-oriented hotel.	
Dec 12 2006 	Okay but no no smoking rooms	Arrived despite booking 2 no smoking rooms only smoking rooms availible unless we paid extra. I paid the extra got a lovely one, my friend was unable to as there was only one availible his was hot smelly and noisy.I had a great night he didn'tBreakfast was good but expensiveNb good range of restaurants closeby on charlotte street	
Dec 8 2006 	ok but pricey hotel	This hotel is situated very close to Warren Street tube station, which makes transport around London easy. Our twin room was small, but clean and tastefully decorated. The beds were comfortable, and there was a seating area with two chairs and a table. (There's a supermarket across the road, and there were tea and coffee making facilities in the room, which was nice since we didn't have breakfast included with our room price:-) There's also a minibar in the room, and wireless internet is available free of charge.	
Nov 29 2006 	Affordable well located business hotel	This is we well located property very close to Tube stations and is ideal for business travellers needing to work close to central London, but without the massive room rates.The rooms are well appointed, with good wardrobe and bathroom amenties. Room service is typically average, but the bar and restaurant area are ideal for quick business meetings and reasonably priced by London standards.The hotel offered free WIFI during my 1 week stay and this was a reliable, fast broadband offering. The gym was small but well appointed.I'd recommend this property to any business traveller looking for value for money in a central location.	
Nov 27 2006 	Mixed bag	Stayed here on business with a colleague - we might as well have been at different hotels, given our experience.I had a beautiful room, quite spacious for London, clean and very comfortable bed. Above the road, but high enough up not to be too noisy. Breakfast great.On the other hand, my colleague's room was quite small and very hot. The real problem came in the morning when the lock broke and she couldn't get out! It took the best part of an hour for her to be released as maintenance got stuck in traffic- they broke the door down in the end. Hotel very apologetic, but she had no time for breakfast and had trouble persuading the waitress that it was OK for her to escape with a pastry in a paper bag.	
Nov 23 2006 	poor service	When we booked our stay they said they acomodated for three people. When we got to the hotel the room was not ready so was allocated another room. When we got there the room that we'd just been allocated was still in the process of being cleaned the staff provided us with free coffee as we waited. When we got to our rooms there was only two beds and one sofa bed which hadn't been made. When we made it the matteress was thin and there was no pillows. The hotel room was catered for two people as there was two towels, two cups, two shower caps and two glasses. The good thing about the hotel is they deal with your complaints. We were soon giving some more towels,cups and pillows and a free bottle of wine.I do think they need to improve alot with the service they give as i've had better service in a 2 star hotel.	
Nov 14 2006 	Nice hotel too bad about the road noise	I have stayed in this hotel twice in 2004 (spring and summer). On the first time, I booked the room as Lastminute's &quot;Top Secret&quot; hotel for 65 pounds (excl. breakfast). The hotel was a pleasant surprise - the lobby was stylish, and the room quite modern, fresh and spacious with a very comfortable bed. Later I learned that they had in fact upgraded us to a deluxe room, which was another nice surprise. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel, as there are many cafes along Tottenham Court Road (and a McDonalds around a corner, if that's your thing :)). There is also a tube station really close by, which makes getting around easy.Unfortunately, the road noise was incessant, and I got hardly any sleep because of that. I got so desperate that I called the concierge and asked for earplugs, but they didn't have any. I mentioned my discomfort in the feedback card, and got soon a polite email from the manager, who offered us a free upgrade to a suite next time we stay at the hotel, and we gladly took up the offer. The suite was fab, it even had a balcony with a view over London!I noticed that some reviewers who have stayed in the hotel more recently have had less positive experiences - I really hope the hotel have got their act together again, as just 2-3 years ago this was a very nice place to stay.	
Oct 4 2006 	Relaxed comfortable and great location	My Partner and I stayed here for 3 nights, Saturday to Monday, after the chain being recommended from a freind. After arriving on the train into Kings cross station, we managed to find a taxi to take us to the hotel- a short trip away, but not worth walking if you have a lot of, or heavy luggage. We later discovered that we could have got on the northern line of the tube to Warren Street station ( just around the corner from the hotel ) however the tube is not a good idea if you have luggage either. If you intend travelling around london- the tube is brilliant for ease and cheap too- an adult day pass for Zones 1 and 2 ( covering most of central London ) is £4.90. The outside oof the hotel is quite smart, flags and huge oriental pots filled with flowers- the lobby is smart , clean and bright with gorgeous artwork and uniformed staff. Checking in was easy and quick and the staff were very friendly and polite. The room was very clean, very nicely decorated in a sort of modern oriental style- dark wood and oriental prints. The bathroom was clean and bright. The bed was very comfortable to sleep in- the linen was clean and immaculte, and the housekeeping service was excellent. The room is adequately equipped with a tv, minibar (although expensive- and if you remove something to put something else in to keep it cold, it automatically charges that item to your room- so be careful ) a digitally lockable safety deposit box ( worth using for peace of mind ) hairdryer and tea/coffee facilities. The room had a warm and luxurious feel with the soft warm colours and sumptumous curtains and bed throw. There was a nice desk to sit at and work if you wanted to and a seperate small table to eat at with 2 nice leather chairs. Our only complaint about the room is that one of the rooms windows locks was broken and one was missing which meant that we could not secure the window, and there was a small draft from the gap- this also affected the level of noise that could be heard from the outside generators- so take some earplugs if you are a light sleeper- (we bought some from the handy supermarket opposite the hotle! ) however this matter has been pointed out to the hotel management company, and I am hopeful of some positive outcome soon. Breakfast was a very enjoyable experience- cereals and fruits and nuts, cold meats and fruits and breads, and cooked breakfast- all buffet style so you can help yourself to as much as you like. The staff were helpful and prompt. The hotel is a very nice place to stay in all- superbly located for central london and the sights, and great for the tube, good value for money (if you get the &quot;let loose in london&quot; deal for £125 per night- per room, not per person). We would gladly recommend this hotel to our friends and we are hoping to stay here again in the future.If you are looking for somewhere nice to eat and dont wish to do so in the hotel- there is a great little italian restaurant, a short stroll down the road ( turn right as you leave the hotel- think its called amaretti or something- great pizza!!) and if you are in central london - they do fantastic sandwiches in the inner coutyard at the V&amp;A, and morning coffee or afternoon tea is a fabulous treat at the Art bar cafe at Liberty's just off regents Street! Enjoy!	
Sep 27 2006 	Has potential............but needs work!!	This is the second time i have stayed here due to the great location for the price. Although i would recommend booking early as the the prices shot up really quickly. It is more of a business hotel and they had free Internet service for all guests.I did a have a few complaints..........................the room had Long blond hairs all over it when we checked in( I have red hair!!!)The beautiful wood floor was badly scratched, and the bed had a huge sag in it. I filled out a guest comment card and the Hotel management did actknowledge my concerns.Other than that i enjoyed our stay, as the concierge was most help full and the breakfast ( which was included in our package) was outstanding with an amazing selection. The room was modern yet had a warm feeling.	
Sep 25 2006 	What a dump!	Would not stay here again!LInen not fresh, hair in bathroom (not mine!), scuffed furniture, stained carpets.This place needs a complete refurb.I have no idea how it has 4 stars!!	
Sep 18 2006 	Great hotel!	We stayed at the Grafton over the Bank Holiday weekend at the end of August.We stayed for 3 nights as part of a Theatre Break booked through Red Letter Days. The package was bought as a present &amp; included 1 night. We booked two further nights either side of the RLD package.The only problem we had was that we had to keep checking in each morning as we weren't able to book the 2 extra nights.We were given the option to switch rooms but we were really happy to keep the same one.The room we had was a good size. We got a corner room at the back of the hotel on the 2nd floor (Room 221). We have absolutely no complaint about the room at all.Staff were really friendly, breakfast was excellent.The only thing we were shocked by were the prices in the bar. Being from &quot;up north&quot; we found them a bit exhorbitant. Two glasses of wine &amp; a pint of lager came to £14. The glasses of wine were £5 each &amp; though the glasses were big the you didn't even get a third of a glass.We did have drinks elsewhere that didn't cost as much but I don't think that this was unusual for central London.Our tip is to make the most of the tube. Warren St is right opposite the hotel &amp; you can get a zone 1 &amp; 2 day ticket for £4.80.Overall, had an excellent time &amp; would recommend the hotel for a weekend sightseeing in London.	
Sep 14 2006 	Good location friendly staff	I stayed at the Grafton for one night on business and thought that the location (right opposite Warren Street Tube was excellent) When I arrived there was a slight problem in that I was given a single room (very small) when a double had been booked. However I returned to reception and the manager dealt with the problem allocating me another room.The room itself was fairly small (as you would expect for the centre of London) but well equipped including an iron and ironing board. The decor was modern, if a little tired and there was no bath just a shower. It was a little noisy overlooking the tube station, but not enough to stop me sleeping very well.The A/C worked well and I got my wake up call and newspaper as requested. At breakfast the staff were very friendly and helpful. There was a good variety of food available and the service was the quickest I have ever experienced. I ordered brown toast and coffee and by the time I had helped myself to some fruit they were both on the table.Check out was quick and efficient. I was also pleasantly surprised that the manager remembered me from the previous night and apologised for the mix up. He also got a taxi for me on the street.Overall, the best service that I have experienced in recent months on a business trip.	
Sep 11 2006	Not Worth The Money	we stayed at this hotel in July as my boyfriend had a job interview in one of the conference rooms the following day. The location was ok. Bout a minutes walk from Warren St tube station and within walking distance to Euston station. There was a couple of cafes nearby such as eat, garfunkels and mc donalds. The location was not very scenic and was across the road from Spearmint Rhino gents club.From the outset the hotel is nice. Reception was modern and in the style of all the other Edwardian hotels however the staff were slighly snobbish. The room was nicely decorated and was very comfortable. We had breakfast in the morning that was ok.Part of the reason we chose this hotel is because they stated they had gym facilities which I thought I could use while my boyfriend was in his interview. I went down to the basement only to find a gym the size of a broom cupboard containing about 4 pieces of equipment, which I could not access due to the coded lock on the door. It was not even worth going to get the code as the facilities were so poor. We paid a discounted rate of £119 per room per night b+b, however due to the lack of facilities I thought this was very expensive.	
Sep 9 2006 	lovely hotel	what a beautiful hotel...so impressed i booked extra nights, there are no negative things to write, the staff were very helpful and the rooms were superb..i am definately staying here again	
Aug 18 2006 	Brillient hotel	Have just read all those negative reports and I though I had to say something. I do not know where the people who have wrote those reports have been staying but they certainly have not stayed at the Raddisson Edwardian Grafton hotel.My Girlfriend and I stayed the weekend of Live 8 so the hotel was very busy and had no problems at all. The hotel was very clean, staff very helpful and the breakfast was out of this world.I am a travel agent and have travel the world staying in all standards of hotel and would have to say this hotel is great value for money.My now Fiancée and I have booked to stay again next month and are very much looking forward to it.	
Aug 16 2006 	Radisson....Exactly	The room was larger than I expected, but it faced the street on the first floor (technically the second floor) and I could hear the traffic outside (especially when Italy won the World Cup - horns for days). I had to wait most of the day for a room since we arrived so early but that is to be expected if you arrive before check-in time. The air conditioning in my room worked extremely well...in fact, I had to turn it off several times b/c I would get too cold even with the covers over me in bed.The front-desk staff was not rude, but they weren't friendly either. They seemed tired and not exactly interested in being there. However, the restaurant and bar staff were friendly.I was in London for business and the Warren Street tub stop was nearby, so it was convenient. The hotel had wireless Internet, which was free, but it often didn't work in the evening, which was frustrating.Many good restaurants within walking distance of the hotel ranging from Italian to Thai to French. The British Museum was also within walking distance as were the shops on Oxford Street.Not sure I would stay here again especially if I was visiting London for vacation.	
Aug 14 2006 	Another Pleasant Stay at the Grafton	Given my fantastic experience during my last stay at the Grafton (reviewed below) I decided to book again for a one night stay. I'm moving over to the UK in September and was viewing a house the next day. I called ahead for early check in, and was told that it should be no problem. I checked in at 10:30am and was greeted with a smile - the receptionist remembered me from my last stay.I booked a deluxe room, and on check in I was given room 315 at the rear of the hotel, with a window opening on to the buildings below. The view wasn't spectacular by any stretch of the imagination but it was quiet and offered a bit more privacy than the Tottenham Court Road facing rooms do. The room was decorated to the same high standard as the rest of the hotel, and the bed was quite big and comfortable. I have a feeling the room was in an older part of the hotel as it lacked digital air conditioning controls and those environmentally friendly toilet-flush buttons that I saw last time, but this is a small niggle on my part and in no way did it affect my experience at the Grafton.I ordered room service, which I was told would take up to 45 minutes because they were busy. This was fine by me - they explained the delay politely and turned up as promised 45 minutes later. There was an issue with the wireless network in the hotel, but this was resolved within an hour or two.I had a good night's sleep and checked out early the next morning. Check out was quick, though there was a problem with the computer system. I had paid in cash and had added some extra funds to the room account which they could not retrieve. This was again politely explained and I had no problem with it. I left my bags with them and told them I would collect the outstanding amount when I collected my bags.The house I was viewing was in Horley, near Gatwick Airport (I stayed in the city to catch a show). A quick hop from Warren Street to Victoria on the Victoria line and I was on the Gatwick Express within 20 minutes of leaving the hotel. On a related note, if you are coming from Heathrow, take the Heathrow Express to Paddington, then the Bakerloo Line underground to Oxford Circus and switch to the Victoria Line to Warren Street. On my return, I collected my bags and my cash, and spent some time in the Aston bar before leaving to catch my flight home. The service was quick and attentive, and the atmosphere pleasant.Again, another fantastic stay at the Grafton - hats off to them.	
Jul 31 2006 	Absolutely Terrible	Spent two nights here and could not wait to leave. No one to help with baggage and the hallways are meandering and dirty. The bed was like springs with a sheet on it and the AC didn't cool very well at all. The worst was the shower that I thought just had a water pressure problem until I went to change the setting. Well, the whole shower head came off and spewed me with funk that had been stuck in it for who knows how long. The staff laughed happily when I told them and said they would fix it. Not very comforting. The place is convenient to a lot of things but the trade off is suffering through very unpleasant nights.	
Jul 12 2006	Never fear -- it's not as bad as all that.	My boyfriend and I booked this room at the very last minute for two nights as a Top Secret Hotel through another site. After our reservation came through and we checked at TripAdvisor we were a little wary. But when we arrived we were pleasantly surprised. First, when we arrived, we were pleased to see how close it was to the Warren Street Underground stop. It really is quite literally right across the street. The lobby was very sleek and well-appointed, the staff polite and professional but not overly fawning. We had a trainee at checkin who couldn't find our reservation. While they sorted it out they showed us to the lounge and offered us tea or coffe, which we accepted but which never came. We weren't waiting long, anways, though -- perhaps ten minutes -- so I wasn't too upset. We were offered a choice of an inside room or a street-facing room on the first (second) floor. We were even *warned* by the trainee at checkin that the street-facing room would be &quot;noisy,&quot; but we didn't hear a thing, and neither my boyfriend nor I are particularly deep sleepers. We were much more relieved when we saw our room. Yes, it is small, small, small, but most rooms in London are. And it wasn't as small as to be claustrophobic. It was nicely decorated. Were there worn spots here and there? Probably, if you were hunting for such things, but the room was spotlessly clean and nothing fell down around us, so we weren't too concerned. My picks? Mostly minor things: We couldn't turn the AC any lower than 65F, and we prefer icebox temperatures. The lighting was spotlight in fashion and either dim or very harsh. There was no dresser, so for longer stays one might object to the lack of sufficient storage space, but for two nights we certainly had enough room. My pluses? The bedding was terrific, the towels were huge, and the pillows were the best I've ever had. It was quiet, both from other rooms and from the street, and clean, and safe. Do I think it's a 4*? Eh. Not really. It's probably a solid 3*, or slightly overpriced, or both. But it wasn't nearly as bad as we'd been lead to believe, so if you've booked it and are now getting nervous, relax! You'll probably be fine.	
Jun 23 2006	Disappointing	We stayed here as we were struggling to get in anywhere else with a similar star rating. On arrival the hotel appears to be in a fantastic location however the noise at night is unbelievable. Being near the A&amp;E dept, the sound of ambulance sirens goes all night and the air conditioning in the room was terrible so we had to choose either the heat of the noise. We should have known it was not going to be a good stay when we arrived at 3pm (check in after 2pm apparently!) to find our room wasn't ready and could we go for a walk and come back in an hour! On coming back it still wasn't ready so they offered us a smoking room (only room available) and gave us our key card, told us the room number (which they had also written on the card) and off we went. When we got there we opened the door to find somebody already in it. Apparently this is common as when we went back to reception another couple had also just walked in on somebody in the shower! When we finally got a room it was satisfactory - compact, clean but very uncomfy bed! (pillows were so hard I had to roll a towel up instead). On a positive note the hotel is right next to Warren St Tube Station so no walking far in heels! It also serves a great breakfast. Staff are unfriendly and none of them seem to know what is going on - they just stand and smile falsely at you. Would not stay here again out of choice.	
Jun 5 2006	great location clean smart rooms	Stayed at the Radisson for one night. Hotel is in an excellent location, close to tube and buses and 20min walk to covent garden. Our room was clean and spacious. Bed was very comfy with lovely big pillows. Location was very quiet with many cafes and a tescos right next door. Staff were poilte but not that friendly. Stayed here with last minute.com for £75 for double room which i think was excellent value for money for somewhere so central in london.	
May 26 2006	Not a pleasant experience!	I hated this place so much I checked out early and went home to sleep in my own bed.! The room was very small and furnishings very tired. When I checked in with my daughter we had no offers of help at all with our cases and struggled down long corridors on our own until we eventually found the room. The hotel is overpriced and we couldn't wait to leave. Not the usual Radisson quality at all in fact it was a long time before we ever tried a Radisson again and when we did in the USA the standards were so much better there was no comparison at all.Don't stay at the Radisson Edwardian unless you can't afford anything better.	
May 17 2006	Clean and modern hotel	Stayed here through [Last Minute's]'top secret' hotels, we treated ourselves to a night in london as we were going out for a friend's birthday and didn't want to have to rush home.I work near here so I know the location well, it is right next to Warren st tube and on numerous good bus routes - so easy to get back after a night out. We were upgraded to a larger room and kingsize bed which for an £89 deal was pretty good. I don't know whether they always do this with the [Last Minute] deal, but it is worth a go. We have spent considerably more on an hotel room in London and got considerably less, so this was really a bargain. Probably the regular rooms are a bit small but ours was great, really clean and modern, good air con which was necessary - we were on the top floor &amp; it was too noisy to open the window (? due to air con machinery outside). However the double glazing works well so when the windows are closed there isn't a problem. Really good shower and heated towel rail. I stay at hotels regularly for work and I would rate this as well above average, with pleasant and courteous staff.	
May 11 2006 	Good base on the north side of the city centre	The upsides: clean rooms and public areas; comfortable beds; friendly and helpful staff, a good (if overpriced) breakfast buffet, only a short cab ride (or walk, if you've little baggage) from Euston rail station; practically on top of Warren Street tube station; a reasonable range of pubs and restaurants within about 10 minutes walk; some appealing shopping on Tottenham Court Road (including Heal's) and on Marylebone High Street (e.g. The Conran Shop)The downsides: few, really, but the rooms are on the small side; the lighting and TV controls in bedrooms are a little hard to fathom; not sure that a halogen ceiling spotlight trained on the pillow is my favourite form of bedlight; and even though my room was on a side street and had secondary glazing, it was a little noisy. And beware of the minibar, one of those where you (or your two year-old) just needs to move an item for it to be charged to your bill.It's about a fifteen minute stroll to Leicester Square, but it's handy for the British Museum and Regent's Park is about a ten minute walk. If you need to be in this part of the city, it's not a bad choice.	
May 4 2006 	Tiny tiny Room	I stayed in this hotel for 2 weeks while in London on business...I have stayed in hotels in many countries in Europe, and on average most of them are much smaller than North American standards, but this was the smallest room I have ever seen. There was room for a double bed tight to the window(overlooking an alleyway and another wall) and about 3 feet between the door and the bed. At the foot of the bed was the bathroom. Thats it I didn't have enough floor space to open my suitcase so I had to put it on the bed. I could barely set up the ironing board without banging somthing. The 13 inch TV was hung from the wall. It was really claustrophobic being in there. I had some late night party people next door and I could hear every word of their conversation. The staff were indifferent..very average service. I asked for a larger room since I was staying for 2 weeks and they basically just said no, thats all we have. You would think that hotels would treat business travellers with a little TLC, since its a huge part of their revenue, but certainly not at this hotel. So, I wont go back and I would not recommend it.	
May 2 2006	Brilliant - felt like a film star!	We stayed one night to pull in a show last Saturday. We had booked a family room, as we had two children in tow - this was advertised as a double bed and sofa bed - so we thought we would all be in one room.How wrong we were! The lounge area was HUGE - with a glass table and eight dining chairs, and the sofa bed. Through to the bedroom - king size bed, 2nd TV - then bathroom - really plushly done - immaculate!The only thing we got stung on was breakfast - we didn't realise it wasn't included, so that bumped up the bill. If we'd have read the small print, we would have gone to Mcdonalds downstairs.Excellent location - right on the tube and bus routes - get a travel pass for all day, and you can use them all.	
Apr 18 2006	Excellent Hotel	The hotel was part of a surprise for my husbands 30th birthday. The hotel was in an ideal location. Just a 5 minute walk from Oxford Street and theatres. It was fantastic. When we checked in, the member of staff wished my husband a very happy birthday - a nice personal touch. The room was airy and very clean. The bed was so comfortable. Breakfast was served buffet style with a big selection for all tastes. An excellent hotel - I really can't see why anoyone would leave a bad report.	
Mar 25 2006 	Clean	I stayed at the Grafton in the second week of March when on a business trip. I was well taken care of, even upgraded to a larger room at the back of the hotel which was very quiet. (I think this had something to do with me having written a letter of complaint to the SAS Radisson about a prevoius stay in another of their hotels in London) The bed was good and the room spotless. Travelling as a single female in business I would definitely choose it agin. The location just around the corner of the Warren St tube station and within easy walking distance of Euston Station is perfect. It is also situated on the &quot;nice&quot; side of the Euston Staton which makes an evening stroll home after work rather pleasant.	
Mar 2 2006 	A real let down	Having stayed at the sister Kenilworth Hotel a few times I was very disappointed with the Grafton. So much so I actually complained rather than being my normal 'oh well' self. The room itself was very small with hardly any room between the single bed and the desk. The blind in the room which was in effect the curtain was broken, the phone point by the bed was hanging off the wall and the wardrobe required all items to be hung sideways to fit them in. Breakfast was fine but then the conference facilities we used let them down. Lunch for the attendees was awful with no real choice and we had to ask on more than one occasion for things to be dealt with in the conference room (not enough coffee/not enough cups/not enough water/tables not set out as agreed the night before)	
Mar 1 2006	Fantastic	Fantastic hotel! The price we payed was even better! we stayed in the Executive room the price was advertised as £300 but we booked threw laterooms which was supposed to be £160 but they had missed the 0 off the end so we only payed £16! what a bargain night in such a lovely hotel! The hotel is right opposite Warren Street Tube Station so the hotel is in an ideal place for exploring the rest of London. Opposite the hotel is a Sainsbury's local and there is a tesco express nextdoor and a mcdonalds so plenty of places to buy last minute things! The hotel itself is lovely we couldn't fault it! The beds were lovely and comfy! the room was clean, and there was a tray of tea and coffe provided, and also wine glasses (so you can buy cheap wine from sainsburys like we did! haha!) In the room there was a table and two chairs, and a tv, and all rooms have internet access. The bathrooms were also lovely with soap, shampoo etc provided. Overall was a lovely hotel! the only problem we had was a phone call off reception at 11.40pm asking if my bf had checked in! Which I found a bit odd as we had both been present when we checked in earlier in the day!! So we had to treck down to reception at that time of night to check him in as well! Don't know why they do that! two people sharing a room both have to check in! Very odd indeed! But lovely room, would definately return to this hotel.	
Feb 26 2006	Really good!!!	This was our second time at the Grafton. The location is excellent - within easy walking distance of west end, Covent Garden, and Oxford Street for shopping. With the tube just a stones throw away from the hotel its ideal for people who want to explore London. The room was great all the amenities that we required. Check in/out was straight forward. This time we had breakfast included, which on the first day was fine, however our second morning was a Saturday, and I would suggest going down earlier than out 9.15 as we had to wait (although not for long), others coming in after us had a much longer wait. Overall a really good hotel in a great location. We will definitely use this hotel again.	
Feb 19 2006	Radisson was excellent	The problem with scanning the review pages is that it swings from quotes such as &quot;Nightmare&quot; to &quot;Superb&quot;.Personally we thought it was excellent. The staff were very polite and helpful and the location right next to the tube was a real bonus. I certainly would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to spend a couple of nights in london.The twin room we had was excellent with all the necessary comforts to make your stay a happy one.	
Feb 9 2006 	Nightmare	Absolute nightmare...Allocated room 125... Still Occupied..The smallest single rooms I have ever seenMoved to room 154...Pigeons had decorated the windows that much you could not see out of them....The rooms were dark as it was.. It was a blackout....Luckily friend phoned me and said they had been allocated room 154...and my stuff was on view, laptop and all...Moved to Double room / Very small for the price...The staff had very little english speaking skills therefore every time you had a problem it was double the work trying to explain what is wrong...Overall... Avoid this hotel....There is many better hotels available via lateroomsRadisson is on the way down	
Feb 5 2006	Wonderful hotel	I was a bit hesitant about staying at this hotel after reading a couple of reviews on here but I had nothing but excellent service at this hotel.I stayed here with my partner in a standard double room for one night on February 3rd 2006. We paid £79 +VAT for the room which, for a 4* hotel in London, we thought was pretty good.We arrived at 11am and as check-in wasn't until 2pm we asked if we could leave our bags until later and were very pleasantly surprised to find our room was ready and we could go straight up.We had a room on the 4th floor, down several long corridors so quite far away from the lifts which was fine for us. The room was by no means large but it was plenty big enough for the two of us, especially seen as though we didn't spend a lot of time in there. It was also very nicely decorated and quiet. As well as a (very comfortable) double bed there was a desk with chair, small table with 2 extra chairs, a mini bar, tea &amp; coffee facilties and a TV. The bathroom was marble and very nice, and the basic toiletries were provided as well as a free magazine in the room. The entire hotel was clean and tidy and had a lovely atmosphere. The lifts could be confusing if you aren't aware that you need your room key to activate it but this was explained to us at check-in and there were plenty of notices in the lift.The only downside to the hotel that we found were the prices in the bar (and restaurant although we didn't actually eat in the restaurant) but as this is a 4* hotel it's only prices that are to be expected. Breakfast in your room cost £16.50 each but have a wide selection of options. We also had two cocktails in the bar at £8.50 each (plus an 'optional' service charge of 12.5%) which was pricey but as it was a special occasion we could justify it.All the staff were very friendly and helpful. We had no problems storing our bags after check-out until later in the day. Check-out via the in-room TV is quick and easy too.The location of the hotel was also excellent. It was a short walk/one tube stop from Euston station and the nearest underground station (Warren Street) was literally steps from the hotel and as this is on the Northern line meant it was quick and easy to get pretty much anywhere in London.We wouldn't hesitate to use this hotel again although we would probably stay away from the bar and restaurant because there are so many more interesting (and cheaper) places to eat &amp; drink in London. For the room price we felt it was excellent value for money.	
Jan 20 2006 	Strange Hotel	When I first arrived the hotel, they put me in a room that was quite large. It was long and the bed was in a sunken area with the headboard by the window. It was a little weird, I am used to the conventional headboard against the wall. I noticed that the room did not have a lock from inside. you know, one of those chain lock thing. London is pretty safe, plus there is a regular lock. But after agonizing over it for 10 minutes, I realized that I will not be able to rest peacefully. So I asked to get the room changed. They were a little resistant at first whick I did not appreciate. But I got a new room in the end. The new room was much smaller but that's par for London. The room was very clean. You don't get to have a closet for your suitcase, just a hanging bar about 1' wide. The good news is my room had a huge flat screen TV hanging on the wall. If you are in London for business, and do not plan to spend any extra time in the room, this is fine.	
Jan 12 2006	Clean 	I stayed here three nights in late December. From Waterloo (Eurostar) station, cab fare to the hotel was £9, including tip – from Victoria (Gatwick Express), it would be about the same, perhaps a pound less. In selecting this hotel, my three top criteria were location, Internet access, and a clean room. With these, the Radisson Edwardian Grafton scores highly.There are plenty of restaurants nearby and plenty of coffee shops (for those of you who can't live without your Starbucks, it’s five short blocks south). A Sainsbury's Central (i.e. supermarket) is across the street. Across another street (the hotel is on the corner) is the Warren Street tube station, which serves two very useful lines, Victoria and Northern. There’s a McDonald’s next door, notable only because it’s open late.Broadband Internet access, via a wi-fi connection provided by Radisson (meaning not by a third party like T-Mobile), is free. This is among the great benefits of this hotel, as it is not uncommon for London hotels to charge you an outrageous £15/day to be connected. Who knows how long this will last, but while it does, it’s a real advantage.There were a few complaints worth mentioning.Check-in is slow. Check-out is even slower. Unless you don’t mind waiting in line, I would recommend either checking out via your television or well before the morning exodus.THE ROOMS ARE SMALL! I had a single, but I was able to peek at a double as well. Mine, I estimate, was 17' x 12', including the bathroom. It takes some getting used to, that's for sure, but for a short stay, I was able to adjust.The rooms, however, are clean and well-appointed with good, modern bathrooms. There were ample electrical outlets, with both UK and US sockets. As this hotel was recently refurbished, it is without question more deserving of a much higher Trip Advisor rating than 382.My conclusion: If you can get a good rate and put up with living in a well-appointed closet, I would strongly recommend this hotel. The location provides quick and direct access to the more touristy areas of the city (Green Park, Oxford Circus, Leicester Square, Charing Cross, Victoria, Waterloo), and the conveniences you want nearby you will easily find. I’m giving this hotel four stars only because it’s in London. In the USA or Asia, three would be more appropriate.	
Nov 29 2005	I liked it!	I booked this hotel on a special offer through lastminute.com as they use this hotel for &quot;unnamed&quot; last minute getaways although it can be easy to work out which hotel they are. And I liked it, the rooms are modern with everything you need. I have stayed at a number of 4 star hotels in London and most are good. I had a high floor atteh back which was quiet. I left a pair of shoes there and they soon shipped them back to me with no fuss.One bad thing was the quality of an expensive cocktail at the bar. It was disgusting and so I sent it back. I suppose if I had paid premium rate for this I may have been less impressed.	
Nov 28 2005	Give the Grafton a miss	The single room occupied was extremely small. In central London that is perhaps not so unusual but the room was shabby and dirty-balls of dust flew out of the wardrobe. Nothing seemed to work. The shower (there was no bath) dribbled water, the plug was jammed in the sink and the remote control of the television did not work. Nobody came to give us a bill in the bar and we were met with rudeness when we tried to pay. My travelling companion's room remained uncleaned at 3.15 in the afternoon.	
Nov 9 2005	Hotel rooms are terrible.	Hotel rooms are terrible.When I came there I got room nr. 132 it was so small that I could not breath or even open my suitecase. The room had starircase in it which made it rather funny. I complained and I was told that I only could get room where smoking was permitted. But after awhile the girl told me she had another on 4th floor no 418. She showed it to me and I said ok. There was no offer of helping with the bags. Me and my husband came there satisfied and the first thing I did was going to the toilet and found out I could not flush it. When my husband was ringing down to complain I found dirty mens underwere in the cupboard. They told us they would fix the toilet. Ok so we went out and had a good day.When we arrived in the evening nothing had been fixed. We complained and were next moved to room nr. 420. There I wanted to open the window and asked the man that gave us the room how I should open it. I said it was broken and he sent somebody to fix it after awhile. It opened but then I coould not close it, but I let it be. There was no sorry said from the staff and nobody offered to upgrade a little.Be careful of this hotel, don´t go there.Sigríður Friðriksdóttir	
Nov 6 2005	A Dissappointment	I know now that the Grafton is geared more for the business traveler and my husband and I were on a vacation, but having stated that is was a big dissappointment. First is says it is the West End, and it really isn't. It was a good ten minute taxi ride from anything that I pictured as the West End. Then I looked at the online pictures of the hotel and didn't realize that they retouched the picture to remove the McDonald's that is right underneath it. So the first the you see when you arrive is the Golden Arches. Our room was at the end of what seemed like an endless maze of hallways, but it was clean, though a bit small. In at least three places was warnings that you were not remove anything from the room, and how much it would cost you if you did. I understand stating in one place, but it silly how I was reminded that it would cost me 89 pounds if I took a bathrobe and the hotel didn't bother to put them in our room. Then when we used the hotel internet the next morning, only two of the five computers were working and hotel staff seemed unable or uneducated in how to get them running again. All in all a very disappointing hotel. Only thing good I can say is that check out was a breeze, I did it all from the TV in my room. Maybe a great business hotel but not for the vacationer.	
Nov 4 2005	Good Location thats it!	This hotel has a good location, right next to Warren St. tube station, so easy to travel around.The hotel itself is not up to much. Our room was tiny, the smallest hotel room i have ever seen, so small that you could not walk around the d/bed. The bathroom was only big enough for one person. The mini-bar had a sign saying that it was interactive??? If any item was moved, yes moved, you were automatically billed for it!!!The service was poor, the barman was simply rude. He didn't even make eye contact when taking an order. The price of drinks was expensive and to top it all there was a service charge for them, not on I felt when you are ordering from the bar.Also staff were arguing with one another in full view of guests.I guess you stay here for the location, not the service or value.	
Nov 1 2005	not worth the money	stayed 2 nights tiny little room tiny 4 ft double bed wash hand basin cracked for £220 not including breakfast was not worth it would not recommend it to anyone, and would not stay there again,	
Oct 23 2005 	Good location nice room awful service never again!	I should have known what sort of place this would be from the moment that I booked. &quot;Dee room rate ees eighty point five greet breetish poounds the night&quot;.This is one of those hotels that trades on its location and a little expenditure on rooms, but claws it all back by employing an almost exclusively foreign workforce who seem to have little experience or interest in looking after paying guests.The location is great for Marylebone and Tottenham Court Road, two minutes from Warren St. tube station and easy access to most parts of London. The rooms, like other Radisson Edwardian hotels have a plush feel but are small, awkward to move around in and at times, cluttered. However, having gone from a pre-emptory check-in I then spent 15 minutes in the lifts going up and down to anywhere but my floor until another guest saved me by mentioning that I had to insert my key card into the lift button console to be able to select a floor - provided someone further up hadn't hit the call button before you'd finished trying to get you card in and out of slot. It would have been nice if someone would have bothered to mention it on check-in.My room was small but nicely furnished (all modern brown leather with heavy duty white stitching) but I had to call someone out to get the TV to work. Eventually in frustration at waiting I had a go myself and after messing around on the floor behind the mini-bar for a while I found that it wasn't plugged in. However, even once I'd got a picture, I had to flick through pages of advertisements for hotel services and porn films before I could view the BBC news.I tried to iron a shirt but the iron wouldn't work and a call to reception was again ignored until I rang again. Eventually an African lady called from room service and in very badly broken English explained that there was a button under the ironing board that neeeded to be pushed to operate the iron.Having gone out and come back in I again tried to watch TV but only got a &quot;message waiting&quot; screen that would not disappear no matter how many buttons you pressed. After three calls and 30 minutes waiting for assistance I told the night manager that I was off to bed now and that I'd expect a 50% discount, to which he blithely agreed.Unsurprisingly, on checking-out no discount appeared and the receptionist had no knolwedge of any discount and to make matters worse, the room cost a lot more than expected. Why? They don't quote rates inclusive of VAT - are they the only people in the UK to still do that? This might be a decent hotel if you'd stayed there three or four times before but almost everything has some odd hidden trick that it's an immensely frustrating place to visit as if it's all be designed for the convenience of the staff rather than the guests. All in all it felt like a bit of a rip-off.	
Sep 27 2005	Great location; small room; delayed check-in (unimpressed)	Quite a pleasant hotel. Unbeatable location, almost next to Warren Street Tube station, with access to the Victoria and Northern Lines. Our corner double room was very small, faced the 'courtyard' (not a pleasant view, but it was quiet!). Bed only a 4 foot 6 double, but comfortable. Bathroom small but nice. Staff were pleasant. My only complaint is that check-in was advertised as 2 pm, but when we turned up at 2.25 we were told the room would not be ready for another half an hour (unless we wanted a smoking room, which we were told would smell strongly of smoke). This upset our tight schedule, as we had to return to the hotel to check in later. Staff were apologetic, but the hotel needs to get its act together. Why clean all the smoking rooms first??	
Sep 26 2005	Quiet at the back	I spent six months at this hotel as it was my firms prefered choice. Mostly the hotel is average but clean its biggest down fall are the rooms at the front of the building. Having no double glazing the noise that intruded each and every night was enough to keep me awake. Upon booking the staff seemed determined to place customers into these front rooms and it took a bit of haggeling to get them to release the rooms at the back. My biggest complaint was lost items. On three occasions I left valuables in the room on a Friday only to be told on a Monday when checking in that the cleaners did not find the items in the room. Maybe this is the norm for London hotels or any large city hotel but it does not make it acceptable. Second complaint concerns the bathrooms, although adquate most of the rooms I stayed in had no seal in the shower/bath. Therefore after every shower one needed to dry the bathroom floor. The staff were always friendly. The location is great. Just install some double glazing.	
Sep 16 2005 	Better than average	I just stayed here for one night and a day for a training course. The room was small but well fitted and everything worked. It can be noisy, but I find that earplugs solve that problem. The service was surprisingly good, from the front door onwards and the restaurant and conference staff could not have been more helpful. I was very surprised to find such service at this price in London.	
Aug 22 2005 	Great Hotel	Stayed here on a business trip and it exceeded my expectations. Sleek, boutique-like rooms (small side, but that's expected in London!). VERY comfortable bed and nice bathroom. Also highly impressed by the free internet room on the lower level. About 8 computers free to guests 24 hours a day. The bar staff was very nice and made us some fantastic mojitos. Locaion is great-- just blocks from some hip restaurants and right next to an underground station. Will definitely stay again!	
Aug 19 2005	Loved the Radisson Edwardian Grafton Hotel	This hotel is wonderful. The staff is very pleasant, helpful, knowledgeable and friendly. The rooms are excellent, clean and beautiful. When walking down the halls the housekeeping staff is so nice and friendly. I noticed the housekeeping staff dusting the tops of the door jams and tops of the picture frames on the walls, so thorough! The location is superb, about a 10 second walk to the Warren Street tube stop. It is also walking distance to anything you may need or want. We liked this hotel so much we went back and stayed another night.	
Jul 7 2005	Pleasantly Surprised	Having stayed in various large busy London Hotels was surprised by the Grafton with regard to cleanliness,quietness (had an 'inside' room) and very pleasant and well trained staff.The room decor certainly does not appeal to us, neither did the hard chairs in the bedroom. Bed was comfortable but would not like to stay during a warm spell as room air conditioning seemed inadequate and was quite noisy!But all in all it surpassed our expectations.	
Jun 27 2005 	beware grafton st. side of hotel...	Booked a business room, got in, small room, as others have commented. agree with &quot;tatty&quot; as another description.Booked business for the included wireless. Guess what? no wireless signal at all on that side of the hotel.Kept calling the concierge either to get it fixed - they couldn't - or get moved to a room that could.There were no other no-smoking rooms available in that grade of room. I suggested that they upgrade me, then, to whatever the next class of room was so i could get to work. This was not possible. I suggested that they discount my room rate (also noisy as all get out on the first floor on that side of the hotel with bizarre floor to ceiling strip windows).The concierge disappeared from the phone saying he'd call back with &quot;something&quot; - after 15mins, i called again - had to go to a meeting - he said he was looking for a room for me and would be back in two minutes - ten minutes later called again: look, i'm sure you're very busy and it's nice of you to be trying to find a solution, but i'm really running late now...He's on his way up he says. Ten minutes after that i say, we'll sort this out later i have to go...my colleague is coming up right now to show you to another room, a suite. Ok. if not here in two minutes i'm out the door and we can deal with this later.The suite, on another side of the hotel looking out on totem court is lovely. really nice and the wireless actually works. so who can complain?well, this is one of the hottest days in london and the AC is not working - it's just the fan. I bring this to the person's attention who's taken us to the suite - yes today the engineers are working on it.The next day, still just fan, no ac. Call the reception. Tell them there's no AC. also the safe is locked, can you open it? 45 mins later, no one up to open safe - that would be fine if they told you it would be 45 -but they say &quot;he'll be right up&quot;. What does &quot;right up&quot; mean?Anyway, was repeatedly told that the AC was working. IT had been fixed. Guess it was all in my head - and in the head of the cleaning staff who openned all the windows because it was stifling.So, if you can stay in the suite, it's a fabulous hotel. Plainly that's what one other reviewer thought who was upgraded right away to the suite. IF you're a regular punter, the rooms are tiny and tatty; if you're at the next level, with business the rooms are still tiny and tatty and the wireless may not work. expect delays if you need to move. The concierge did find a solution to my problem - at least the wireless one, if not the AC - and it was one of the nicest hotel rooms i've stayed in. really lovely. but it took repeated requests for service, and not much back on the communication side to keep the customer informed of what was going on. On the high side, unlike some of the other reviewers, perhaps they've improved the breakfasts, because the food was good: the mushrooms were fresh, the grapefruit slices tasty, it would be nice to have cereal options that are not all with sugar (oatmeal anyone?), but soymilk was offered as a beverage or cereal &quot;milk&quot; - and that's a welcome first in my experience.I've stayed at the Edwardian by the British Museum. The rooms are better - though not bigger, and the dining room smaller, more modern and the food good. If i had to chose between the two, i'd go with the other one, but the location of the Grafton is ideal if your work takes you to that end of town. right by a tube station and many buses. a real mix. Some staff seemed knowledgeable if a tad taciturn; others seemed out of it; others definitely were working through some english as a second language issues. and as another reviewer pointed out, there are only 5 tv stations, and even in the suite the reception was surprisingly fuzzy.If you've got cash to burn, or have a special occaision coming up tho, and want to be in london, book the suite directly - the one on the second floor - you won't be disappointed. But as other reviewers have said, if you're in a regular or business room, the only real plus is the location.	
Jun 20 2005	I recommend the Grafton Hotel	The pro's far outweigh the cons at this hotel. I have stayed in 3 room types at this hotel - a standard double, a deluxe King and a Suite. All were above average when it comes to London Hotels. The Warren St tube station is right next door, so convenient to everything. We also saw We Will Rock You at the Dominion Theatre which is very close. The rooms were clean and the staff were OK. The Suite was magnificent. Of the 5 computers in the Business Center, only one was ever working. We reported it every night were were there (so 5 times total) but the others were never fixed and the staff couldn't have cared less. The breakfast was magnificent, and we always ate big and didn't need lunch. The only thing that I feel really needs work at this hotel is new carpets throughout. The carpets in the corridors and rooms all had wear, tear, and small stains.	
Jun 1 2005	Good Location Okay Room Bad Everything Else	I would not stay here again. The check-in staff was great but the rest of the staff was rude and we almost missed our plane because of them not recording our wake-up call. The room was okay but nothing special, the bar closes early and the staff only wants to help you if you want to spend some money with them. We were treated very poorly on check-out. There are better places to stay in London. We booked through a third party website and though everything was taken care of but they piled on charges on top on what we had already paid and would not take them off even when we showed the reciept. Maybe we were there on a bad couple of days for them.	
May 30 2005 	Very rude managerial staff	Most staff are courteous. But the lady manager who attended to my call for laundry was very rude. It was a Saturday (21st May) when I called for laundry. She showed up, pulled my laundry open to scatter everything across my bed. Then she demanded that I personally count every article of garments in front of her with a rude, commanding tone.Certainly this is the most awful I have ever experienced in a hotel that charges UK 1.4 pounds to clean a pair of socks.Furthermore, they did not respond to my complaint.	
May 23 2005 	A Good Deal?	I managed to get a good deal through lastminute.com, 2 deluxe king size rooms for £118 each.We had requested an early check in and were able to get into our rooms by 1.30pm. The hotel staff were welcoming and checked us in efficiently although my friend and I did not have our credit cards swiped at the time (this was to become a problem!)Our rooms were quite good (they did differ), a bit dark but well appointed, (don't expect a view, I overlooked the centre square with all the machinery etc. and my friend had opaque windows and no view at all). The rooms were nicely decorated and had huge comfortable beds with great bed linen &amp; pillows. The bathroom had good sized towels and flannels with all the amenities I could ask for, shower cap, emery boards, cotton buds, cotton wool, body lotion &amp; hair &amp; body wash, hooks for wash kits &amp; dressing gowns and shelves for when you were in the bath/shower. My room had a 2 seater sofa and a desk area with modem point &amp; double plug socket. There was a remote controlled TV which I think was on the wrong side of the room as anyone on the one side of the bed would not easily have been able to watch TV in bed.There was an iron, ironing board and a hairdryer + a wardrobe that had lights that came on when you opened the doors. Air conditioning was also available. One word of warning don't pack the slippers they cost £30 a pair and the cost of the bath robe was something like £85, so be warned.Restaurant was light &amp; modern, evening menu gave a fair choice and the main courses and the buttered vegetables we chose were excellent. The same could not be said for the cheese platter, we decided to share and were presented with one plate with approx. 12 cheese biscuits on + 3 small pieces of cheese (nothing like the selection offered on the menu) and one very thin sliver of celery (which was hidden under all the biscuits) + 1 empty plate. We requested more celery and grapes, the grapes finally materialised but no more celery, the cost for this poor choice was £7 not good value for money at all. Our problem came when we asked to charge this to our rooms as they would not do this, as we had not been authorised so my friend had to go back to the room to get her credit card and pay for the meals &amp; drinks.Room was relatively quiet once people settled, but one of my curtain blinds did not work properly and let in a chunk of light which woke me far earlier than I wanted. There were tea &amp; coffee making facilities and a mini bar in the room if I had wanted to avail myself of them.Breakfast cost £15 and had a good choice of foods, including the usual fresh fruit, cereal and bread products, this was good value and the staff were very helpful and polite.Would I stay there again, Yes if I could get it a good price, it's very convenient for Warren Street tube station and not far to walk to the main shopping areas.	
May 4 2005	Good hotel great location.	My wife and I stayed here for only one night to see We Will Rock You at the Dominion. Even though we were only staying for one night we were made to feel welcome and given a room at the quieter rear section of the hotel. After reading previous reviews on this site we were slightly apprehensive as to what were about to be given, but what we found was a very well decorated room (small by US standards but average for London) which was very clean which had a large marble bathroom with modern fixtures and fittings. After the show we used the very well appointed bar and the curteous staff never let a glass get empty. Next morning we sat down to a full english breakfast in Astons restaurant, so called as it is the original meeting place of the Aston Martin owners club, the meal was as you would expect and served in excellent surroundings. Anyone wanting a Hotel that is within a five minute walk to Oxford street and the same to the Dominion theatre that is clean and beautifully decorated need not look any further, I have to say the critics on this site must have previously stayed at the big house at the end of the Mall (buckingham palace).	
Apr 28 2005	Fine Hotel - good location	My wife and I stayed at the 'Edwardian Grafton' hotel for three nights between 21st and 23rd March 2005 to celebrate her 40th birthday. We were extremely pleased with our room ( upgraded to a suite ). The decor was modern and clean with imposing dark wood wardrobes and headboard complemented by a 2 seater black leather setee and glass table and chairs.This was all set off against an impressive mahogany coloured wooden ( or wood effect ) floor. The bathroom was considerably larger than average with a very handy double 'walk in' shower, bath and large trough-like sink - ideal for two people to use at the same time.While we didn't use the bar or have an evening meal during our stay, we found the buffet breakfast to be as good as you could expect.The location itself was extremely convenient. Simply turn right after emerging from Warren St. station and it's about 40 metres away on the right. Euston station itself is only one stop away which means you can quickly hook up with other underground lines.I can't understand some of the negative feedback I've seen on this site regarding this hotel. All I can think of is these people must be used to standards more suited to the Sultan of Brunai. I've stayed in many hotels in London through business etc. and, for the price this has got to be one of the best.	
Mar 1 2005	Only use on expenses	Stayed one night end of Feb 2005. +The place is ok - if its for one night and you're on your own.Right next to warren st tube station. And tesco express. and mcdonalds.great bar arealol at the price list in the room for its contents - eg £300 for the bed throw (Next £30), £40 for the basic travel kettle-Fixed shower - hateful. Fixed soap/ shamppo on the wall - also hateful - having to STAND up when in the bath to get a handful of soap.Standard room very small.I'm glad I wasnt paying (my company were paying £100 a night).	
Jan 29 2005	Disappointed with the Radisson	Given the price and reputation of this hotel chain, I was very disappointed. Room was tiny, and the badly designed bathroom made it difficult to get in/out of the bath. The breakfast was lousy, raw mushrooms and uncooked tomatoes along with watered down orange juice and dirty glasses. There are better hotels in London at better prices.	
Jan 11 2005	Gloomy	It's OK for a night but i am glad that it was a booking for which I wasn't paying.The reception area is utterly devoid of anything resembling comfort and as there are no seats they certainly don't encourage you to loiter. The bar and restaurant are clean but lacking any form of charm and the 'strip' lighting in the latter gives it all the ambience of a canteen in a Soviet tractor factory.My room was clean and comfortable but extremely small. They provide an iron and an ironing board and they are attached to each other by a cable. One can try folding the whole affair away while the iron is still hot but it isn't advisable as the blisters on my hand will testify. If you let the whole affair cool down you find yourself having to squeeze past it in the pitifully small amount of space that is left.The shower cubicle was miniscule and the fixed head shower angled so that in order to test the temperature you had to keep the door closed with just sufficient space to put your hand inside and risk a scalding.Overall the place lacks any form of charm and is clearly geared to getting you in nd out as quickly as possible. For a short business stay it's OK but not for a leisure stay.It's getting tatty a well!!!!!!	
Jan 6 2005 	Good Hotel-Great Bar	Stayed for one night on business - had booked a deluxe room and was upgradedfree of charge to a corner Suite, beautifully furnished, comfortable bed and absolutely huge. More windows than I have ever seen in a hotel room. Road noise could be heard but was ok. Bar servive was fast and friendly, check in pretty quick. Not stayed here before and have not seen the standrad rooms but first impressions mean I would return.	
Jan 4 2005	Very good Location Plenty of Extra facilities in Room	The problem with most reviews in Tripadvisor is that we do not know the price paid by the reviewer for the hotel room hence the difference in expectation. I for one found the hotel to be simply unbelievable for the price I paid for. Through lastminute I was offered a double room for £65 per nite without breakfast. Stayed from 1 Jan 05 for 2 nitesLocation.1 minute walk from Warren St. Underground station (Northern Line, One station away from Oxford Circus). I suppose you can walk to Oxford Circus since its just one station away but I didn't try. There is a Tesco just a few shops away and Sainsbury directly opposite. There is direct buses to Kingscross and Euston train station which is both about 5 minutes away. RoomRoom was adequately sized and comes with small table + 2 chairs, dressing area, TV (BBC+Foreign Channel+PayTV+Eurosports), Luggage Stand, Wardrobe, HairDryer, Trouser Press, Ironing board. Nicely furnished with a comfortable bed. The quality of furnishing is definitely much better than most 3 stars + supposedly 4 stars hotel. I like to have cold drinks every night and it was great that there was a free ice machine at my level (should be in every floor) with some plastic containers which you could fill up and bring to the room.Coffee/Tea making facility. There is a small fridge which charges automaticallly when you take the things out. OthersInternet was supposedly free in the Business Centre and it is opened 24 hours a day but I didn't have the opportunity to check it out. There is a gym as well. The restaurant, The Aston, is apparently a well known restaurant and you need to reserve tables to for it. There is a few newspapers available from the concierge desk for free every day. They also keep your luggage for you once checked out if you are not due to go home yet. Overall the price I paid for was even cheaper than the prices I used to pay for 3 stars hotel in London. Rack rate was slightly over £200 a night, but nobody pays rack rate anymore I suppose.	
Dec 31 2004	OK for a short stay	Stayed here December 2004. Room was comfortable, small, but fine for one person. Room service food was good quality, but expensive London prices. Location OK if you want Oxford Street shops, but I prefer Knightsbridge. There is a small but adequate gym. Good value for the internet rate I paid.	
Nov 5 2004	Not! for Vacationers	The Radisson Edwardian Grafton is not, I repeat NOT a place to stay if you are on vacation. You could live through one or two nights on business but you definetly do not want to stay there on vacation. First off, the location. It is not as near to Regents Park as you're led to believe. That's a good 6 blocks away. This hotel reminded me of being right on Times Square, except there is not one good restaurant within walking distance. Seriously, not one. It's on a very busy and noisy road. There is effectively no lobby to meet in. So you have to meet in your room or in the bar with all its smoke. As the web site pictures show, Radisson did try well to renovate the property, but it does not look like the pictures anymore. It's already run down again, and the maintenance is terrible. We got a 130 Euro rate each for two standard rooms off the internet with breakfast. We got in a little early, so I tipped the front desk clerk $20 to make sure we got decent rooms. She upgraded us to deluxe rooms. One room for our daughter was OK, but we had to move from ours after one night. The mattrress was horrible, the A/C was ineffective, then there was this rubed up electrical system where to turn on a light in the bathroom, you had to turn on a spotlight right over the bed where the other person was sleeping. The 130 volt AC plug didn't work. Forget internet connections. There is no provision for high speed or broadband in the rooms and dial up didn't work either . You have to go down to the Business Center in the basement where there are about 6 PC's of which generally 4 were working. Then you had to wait in line to find one with a working internet connection down there, then wrestle the ethernet connection from it. The place is dirty. Really filthy. The carpets, particularly in the hallways were badly stained, and after 6 nights there, no one was working to clean them. We moved after the first night, and it took us looking at 4 others to find one that we could accept. However, even after all that the hallway on the fifth (top) floor had an incredibly foul mildew smell. The people there, concierges, wait staff were all very nice and they tried to make it right. We got credit for our first night in one room. It wasn't their fault the place was run down. Breakfast was typically British. Cold runny eggs, raw bacon, cold toast, and some coldcuts with contents that look toxic. We love London. But we have yet to find a place that is decent for around $200/night. You either get a place like this, or have to spend at least twice that amount to get someplace nice. But I would still tell anyone I know to avoid this place.	
Nov 3 2004	Good Location and standard	Highly recommended hotel with helpful concierge, well appointed rooms and good food.	
Oct 5 2004	Good choice	We stayed at the Grafton on a recent business trip to London. The hotel consists of two building. We stayed in the older building. The rooms are spacious and very quiet. We enjoyed our stay and I can recommend this as a good choice.	
Sep 25 2004	Impersonal Pomp	I stayed in this Hotel at the beginning of August for four nights. As someone who has worked in hospitality for the past 7 years i know what to expect from Hotels. I currently work in the Top Hotel in NI. Check in was fast, efficient and the lady was pleseant. The room was disappointingly small and faced the back where the constant drone from the a/c could be clearly heard from the room. Concierge staff were like planks of wood quite frankly, rude, abrupt and seem to think that they are the most important people in the Hotel, i think not!! Almost had to tap them to get attention. Over all could be a nice Hotel but lacking in basic staff training and needing a vast make over!	
Sep 20 2004	Very nice hotel!!	I stayed in this hotel for one night when I went to see We Will Rock You at the Dominion Theatre. Had a really good night, the show was excellent and I would definitely recommend going to see that and then staying in the Grafton.The hotel itself was really nice, I don't know what all the complaints are about on the other reviews! It was very modern and chic, but comfortable at the same time. When we checked in we were told that our two rooms that we had booked had been upgraded to deluxe rooms, compliments of the hotel. That was a nice suprise! The room was pretty small, but it was ok, I didnt need it to be any bigger, I was only staying for one night after all. The bed was very comfortable, I had a lovely sleep that night! I was also very impressed that we had bathrobes and slippers in our room! The breakfast was nice in the morning, a buffet so help yourself but waitress brought over tea/coffee and toast, restaurant was nice. Overall an impressive hotel. I would definitely stay in a Radisson hotel again.	
Aug 14 2004	Room no bigger than a shoebox	This is the second time we have stayed at the grafton after reading good reviews at trip advisor. The first time we were upgraded to a suite. Not massive but big for London.We booked again for 1 night in August. The room was 10x7 and was then cut off on an angle. My wife actually became claustraphoic. Would have been OK if you are paying £50 a night but not acceptable at nearly £100.The bathroom was nearly as big. Was clean and functional. Would not stay there again.	
Aug 5 2004	Getting tatty rapidly	We stayed two times at this hotel, the first time was spring 2003, the second time was januari 2004. We came back because the first time was a comfort stay. Next stay one gets used to the hotel so it wasn't someting verry special. The first room they gave us did not satisfy me, so we decided to upgrade. That room was a little bit better (bigger/nicer view) but it wasn't verry clean (big mould underneath the wash-stand) and the hotel is getting tatty verry rapidly. Staff did there best and were friendly and you have an undergroundstation at the corner. Conclusion : Ok but noting special, not sure I would stay here again.	
Aug 3 2004	Great stay at Grafton	We stayed at the Grafton for the first time. We had a very good time. Hotel staff were very pleasant and friendly. We had a double room with a king size bed. The linen was crisp and clean. Bathroom was marble and fresh towels every day. Breakfast was excellent, plenty of choice. I would recomend this hotel to friends and family. We stayed 29.7.04 to 01.8.04.	
Jul 30 2004	Great Rate Grafton	We spent 7 nights at the Grafton with our grandson in June. Had a triple room, and they turned the sofabed into a wonderful double bed especially for him. We had a terrific king bed - great for Europe! Bathroom marble &amp; granite. Breakfast &amp; vat tax included in the rate. Excellent location - 1/2 block to the underground: Warren Street Station. We'd definitely stay there again.	
Jul 19 2004 	Dr from Midlands	Hotel was clean, and rooms were nicely decorated, not up to usa size, but we are not in the states.Bathrooms were normal size, how much space do you need !!!!! nice recently refurbished in marble, all new fittings.bar pricey, but nicely decorated.good location for warren street tube.if you get a good price under 80 gbp per room per nite then stay, its good value for london.easiest way to get around is to cab it!! or tube	
Jul 16 2004	What is all the moaning about????????	My god why all this moaning and groaning? Yawnnn! There is absolutely nothing wrong with this Hotel, ok it may not be the 4 star hotel that the Americans and Canadians are saying they are used to, fine if you don't like it go and find another one! Simple isn't it? We found the staff helpful enough, no real problem with them at all. The meals were acceptable and I am sorry to disappoint but the rooms were nice, comfortably furnished and clean. We stayed on a combined hotel and theatre break which was very enjoyable.The room service was punctual and polite. ok maybe the staff are a bit surly, but remember you are in London and not at an Orlando theme park!Has for being paid poorly, I don't think so. It is London not Leeds.	
Jun 14 2004	Decent hotel to stay in	Got my room via priceline as a 4* hotel for a good price. I found the room to be a decent size, clean with a full size/queen comfortable bed, larger than some other hotels I have stayed in. You stepped down 2 stairs to the sleeping area and could at least walk around the bed on all sides. Nice marble bathroom with good shower and toiletries. Bit of a cramped area near where to hang clothes in cabinet as a writing desk is opposite not giving you a lot of room to use the iron but doable. Hairdryer also in room. Used wake up call via TV which worked great as volume increases to wake you up. Warren St. Tube is a quick 1 minute walk outside the hotel. 2 supermarkets in the neighborhood across the street allowed for things to be brought up to the room. Small mini fridge in room. Helpful desk staff when checking in lets you leave luggage if room is not ready. However, if you need a taxi, don't use theirs. They are not black cabs and charge what they want. I should have asked before I got into the car. It cost me 12? to go to Kings Cross Rail station, which I could have probably walked in 15 minutes or gotten on the tube for a lot less.	
Jun 9 2004 	Greta Hotel	We stayed at the Grafton for 3 nights May '04. We requested and received a king bed on a high floor. We were delighted by room 450. It is located in a corner overlooking the Warren Street Underground Station. The room had more windows than i had ever seen in a hotel room and they even opened! The king size bed was wonderful and the linens clean. The bathroom was also wonderful. Rich marble throughout and a shower with good hot water. The room had an american style electric plug for your cell or whatever. The Grafton is located in a business residential area and slows to a trickle at night, but is bustling during the day. There are plenty of little restaurants and shops right there, but many are closed by 6PM. There is a delightful little Italian restaurant right down the street which was open at 10:45PM. Best pasta carbonara anywhere. Grafton also has a restaurant and bar. The Bar has fun tenders from all over the EU. A veritable UN right there in the hotel. Concierges on duty at all hours and helpful and informative. I have seen negative reviews of this hotel on this website, but our experience was delightful. We would definetly stay here again.	
Mar 12 2004	Very Nice Hotel	We had two rooms for 6 nights at the Grafton Hotel in London from March 5th through the 11th and were very pleased with the hotel. The hotel was clean, recently refurbished and ideally located. The Tube stop for Warren Station is practically next door and there is a McDonalds next door for breakfast if you didn't get the breakfast package. Lot's of nice shops in the neighborhood and plenty of wonderful restaurants. We talked to the Concierge and got several recommednations where to eat. Staff was pleasant and it was a very nice stay	
Mar 11 2004	Rip off	Nice rooms, poor TV channel selection. Fantastic service in lobby. Let down by poor food, appalling service in the bar, rude and aggressive -OK maybe English not their first language, but customer facing skills training required - or sling them out. Also rip off, in charging service charge everytime you buy a drink!!!!! Rip off in applying 'tray charge' AND service charge for room service. It can cost a fortune to get bland food delivered to your room. Top tip - STAY HERE BUY ALL MEANS, AS THE ROOMS ARE NICE AND CLEAN - BUT DON'T SPEND A PENNY IN THE HOTEL.	
Feb 20 2004	A Bit Out of the Way but You'll Sleep Well	I stayed here for two nights in September 2003. The deluxe room was an acceptable size, but featured steps from the entry/bath area to the sleeping area, which could be a hazzard in the middle of the night. The large bed with a down quilt was very comfortable. Happily for Iandian summer, the air conditioning worked. The modern bathroom was a decent size. It included cotton balls for makeup removal, a toughful feature which I have only seen at more expensive hotels.The location isn't great because you can't walk to sights from the hotel. However, the tube stop is very close. There is a large supermarket accross the street.Like others, I'm still pursuing the elusive air miles that should have been given to me based on this stay, which is darn annoying so many months later...	
Feb 12 2004	Don't expect too much.	I stayed at the Grafton for 10 nights, because I was visiting my daughter who was studying at the univeristy nearby. The room I was allocated was at least 200m away from the lift. I got lost the first few times I had to get back to my room. The room and bathroom was very small. The window opened onto an enclosed arcade and it was very dark. (I was paying 100GBP a night) The location is the quiet end of Tottenham Crt Rd but it was close to the Warren St Tube station, good for Victoria Line.	
Feb 12 2004	Air miles? Yeah right!	I stayed at the Grafton in August 2003. I had booked an online rate where the rate rules explicitly stated, &quot;FREQUENT FLYER POINTS AWARDED&quot;. As the Radissons are one of British Airways' partner chains, I was expecting to receive miles for the stay. Not so! I presented my BA card at check-in and again at check-out, and the receptionist assured me that the miles would show up on my account shortly. By the end of October I had received none, so I sent my bill off to BA together with a missing miles request form. It is now the middle of February and still no miles. The whole thing is just a scam! I know it's not BA's fault because Hilton or ICHotels miles always come in within a matter of days.	
Jan 31 2004	Bit depressing	Stayed here last week - room was quite big and large bed, but decorations were dark and depressing. Reasonable location, although not near many of the main attractions.	
Jan 4 2004	Avoid all the Radisson Edwardians hotels in London UK	We reserved the Radisson Kenilworth Hotel, but theytransferred us to the Radisson Grafton Hotel at Warren Street Tube Station due to the hotel Christmas closure???!!! They treated us horribly, we had to fight with the staff at the Grafton to make them honor the five day prepaid reservation at the Radisson Kenilworth. The hotel staff at the Radisson Grafton acted as if they could not be bothered with anything. They refused to accept our delayed luggage from the airline and tried to cover it up when they discovered that they were at fault by lying to us!! The room with the king size bed was horribly cold and the heater was not adequate for the room size. Avoid the Radisson Edwardian Hotels in London at any cost!!!!!	
Dec 11 2003	Bait-and-switch regarding Deluxe room	This hotel offers a choice of standard or deluxe room, and I reserved a deluxe room even though the price was higher. When I checked in, I was given a very tiny room (even by London standards) with uncarpeted floors. While walking down the hall, I could see larger rooms with upholstered furniture, and I immediately suspected that I was not given the deluxe room (which, remember, carries a higher rate). I asked two employees if my room was standard or deluxe -- one assured me that my room was deluxe and the other said all the rooms were the same. I really resent being lied to, and the fact that two employees tried to convince me that my room was deluxe suggests that something is fishy -- more than a coincidental slip-up. Because the a/c didn't work in my tiny room, and I got reassigned to a different room, that was indeed larger, carpeted, and had a seating area with upholstered furniture.The second room was very nice, except the a/c has some sort of limiter on it, such that the temperature can be adjusted only slightly. Even when set to the lowest temperature, it was still in the 80s. This is a problem I have encountered at many European hotels ... be forewarned that European a/c is not equivalent to North American a/c.	
Nov 30 2003	Dirty Laundry!	Stayed at the Grafton last October. There was a lot of construction going on in the Hotel. The parts that had been refurbished were nice, but the room we were in was shabby. Our stay was full of problems - but the most awful thing was the state of the bed linen. There were so many dubius brown stains on the bed spread that we were physically replused. When we complained we were told that the laundry service the hotel used wasn't very good. When we asked for clean linen we were told that all the linen was in a similar state! We had put some items into the laundry and these were returned beautfully pressed, but still dirty! Again we complained and we were told the laundry fee would be removed from our bill, but needless to say when we checked out we were still charged! Another complaint was met with surliness from the staff. They clearly felt it was our fault for being stupid enough to put clothes into the laundry in the first place. This has completely put us off all Radisson hotels (had a bad experience in a five star Radisson in Amsterdam too - how can they get it so wrong?). I would stay well clear of the Radissons - even if the rooms were free they still would not be worth the money!	
Nov 6 2003	excellent hotel cold service	The hotel itself is excellent, but the staff can use a good school and learn how to be nicer. We stayed at this hotel 3 times in the last 4 years and always had a good stay (the last stay was last week). the hotel has a super good location, rooms are very nice and very well equiped for a 4 star hotel. On my last stay the room was a bit smaller but still very good. I would stay there again on my next vist to London.	
Nov 4 2003 	Nice hotel horrible service	The hotel is nice and in a great location, but the staff and service are shockingly miserable. The problem though, is that's the standard everywhere in the UK. My first room was simply too small for a 3 week stay so I requested a change and my next room was nice; comfortable size and clean. I had 2, 4 day spells where I couldn't dial out from my room on my laptop...very annoying given that I was staying on business. I also had a message come on my TV at 6am to tell me my bill was over £1000 and I had to pay immediately! The lifts weren't in operation some days, the ice machine never worked, and they couldn't sort out how to give me airmiles. Back to the new world where everything works!	
Oct 25 2003	The Wretched Grafton		
Oct 21 2003	Great Stay		
Oct 3 2003	Great room horrible staff.		
Sep 30 2003	Poor value		
Sep 12 2003	The Rip off Raddison		
Sep 2 2003	Good value good location		
Sep 1 2003	Excellent choice...		
Aug 18 2003	Great rooms disappointing service.		
Aug 13 2003	Radisson makes things right		
Aug 2 2003	great hotel - Radisson Grafton TottenhamCt. Rd		
Aug 2 2003	Muy buen hotel		
Nov 25 2009 	Muy buen hotel y buena situación		
Nov 12 2009 	Nunca más		
Sep 18 2009 	vacanza		
Sep 8 2009 	nur für Anspruchslose		
Sep 7 2009 	Agradable y confortable la estancia		
Aug 12 2009 	?????????????????		
May 29 2009 	Fermata della metropolitana veramente vicina		
Apr 16 2009 	Quel week-end!!!		
Jan 5 2009 	Hotel central et agréable		
Jan 3 2009 	DECEVANT		
Jan 3 2008 	piacevole esperienza		
Nov 23 2007 	Très décevant		
