Nov 25 2009 	Good Location / Comfortable Room / Big Bathroom	Stayed at Cadogan on recent trip and was pleased. Room was large and had big bathroom. Staff was very nice. Good location between Knightsbridge and Sloane Square Tube stations. Bus Stops also close by for easy access to all areas. Chairs in room were on small side and could be bigger for more comfort when you want to sit and read. Had Flat Screen TV. Comfortable Bed. Free Business Center Computer access. Overall, a good value for a nice hotel.	
Nov 23 2009 	An elegant hotel	You cannot go wrong at the Cadogan if you're looking to experience a great hotel in a prime location. The shops of Knightsbridge are just around the corner....	
Nov 3 2009 	Outstanding service great location and familiar ambience.	We stayed in the Cadogan for a weekend getaway with the kids. The hotel is beautiful and cozy with its Drawing room and Cadogan Bar decorated with wonderful pictures, the rooms are spatious and comfortable thouhg a bit oldish.The best highlight of the hotel is the service. We were treated like at home in this boutique hotel where every member of the staff is friendly and welcoming and made our stay an unforgettable one. It is highly recommendable to enjoy their afternoon tea and to visit the Langtry´s restaurant where the scottish influence on their menu is surprisingly great.We liked the ambience and the service the best while the rooms decor and status could be slightly improved.	
Oct 14 2009 	Style and service @ the Cadogan Sloan St.	Having previously stayed at the Cadogan last year, it was with a certain trepidation that I set forth to London, believing that the enjoyment of my previous visit could not possibly be equalled. How unnecessary that was. Indeed it would be fair to say that this second visit did not equal the first but in fact surpassed it, Let me explain. From the moment that I stepped from the cab and was greeted by a smiling concierge called Richie till the time that the ever helpful Stella at reception completed my checkout I could not have wished for a more completely relaxing quality experience. My bags were taken and I was accompanied to my room which I found very clean, spacious and most comfortably appointed. Wi-Fi access was free and very speedy. (What a pleasant surprise these days) There is also a traditional turndown service with the next day’s weather forecast supplied, nice touch. Next morning breakfast was delivered bang on time with my previously ordered daily paper. What a great breakfast spread!! Small details perhaps but they provide the little touches that made my stay something extra special. This tranquil and tastefully decorated hotel is in a fabulous central London location close to Harrods with countless restaurants and upmarket shopping opportunities within easy walking distance. Transport needs are well served with a traditional bus stop adjacent to the hotel and with Knightsbridge tube 5 minutes walk away. Any other transport requirements are routinely and professionally dealt with via Joe and Richie at the concierge desk. If there is a more friendly and informative pair in London I’ve yet to find them. If they can’t get you a table or a ticket no one can.The Bar and Restaurant were well up to their previously set high standards with polite, swift and attentive service. All this and I haven’t yet even mentioned the Cadogan’s Oscar Wilde connection, Google it for yourself. On comparing this visit with my last one when I met Mr Gallo the General Manager, I think it’s safe to say that one could feel his experienced hand on the tiller of this tightly run luxury ship.All too soon the time to return to Bonnie Scotland had arrived and as I was assisted into my cab I rued the fact that even Edinburgh’s finest cannot compete with this London Gem.	
Oct 1 2009 	A definate way to relax and enjoy london	I stayed at the cadogan recently and what a hotel the service and friendliness that we recieved from arriving to departing was outstanding and I will definatley be coming back again.	
Sep 27 2009 	Home away from Home	I have stayed at The Cadogan both for business and on a family vacations and every time the service has been uniquely personal and warm, in way that cannot be acheived by coporate properties close by. The restaurant has an excellent take on modern british cuisine that even wins over italians and spanish.	
Sep 19 2009 	Great Boutique Hotel in a Prime Location	You cannot go wrong at the Cadogan if you're looking to experience a great hotel in a prime location. The shops of Knightsbridge are just around the corner, and Sloane Street provides many more shopping opportunities. There is a tube stop at Sloane Square, so getting around London is very easy. The staff are delightful. After business meetings in the afternoon, I was ready for a cup of tea and the service in the lounge was excellent. They also offer a proper afternoon tea for those that want sandwiches and cakes. We had drinks in the bar after returning from dinner, and the same warm service was provided. The staff at the front desk were extremely helpful and welcoming, and provided umbrellas when needed!The sleeping room was a double. It's not the biggest hotel room I've ever stayed in, but was well appointed and had plenty of room to store two suitcases in a closet. The bed was extremely comfortable, and the bathroom offered all the amenities one would expect. The heated towel rail is something every bathroom should have!If you want to stay away from the large chain hotels and experience something a little more British, I highly recommend the Cadogan. In true London style, the hotel also has an interesting history, which adds to the character of the property. Stay here, and you won't be disappointed.	
Sep 18 2009 	Home from Home	My husband and I have stayed at the Cadogan Hotel twice, sometimes three times a year since 2002. I would describe the hotel as discrete, calm, comfortable, cosy, central and elegant. It is located at a prestigious Knightsbridge address. Beyond the walls are the chic shops, Kings Road, West End, museums, galleries, great restaurants and Hyde Park. However, within the walls, one can relax and experience excellent but unobtrusive service.Assitant Head Concierge Richie Long, looks after our every need. This includes making sure Gluten free bread is ordered for me, a service one would find impossible in most modern chain hotels. He is efficient, cheerful and forever thoughtful. We travel from Dublin to London by boat and train, arriving exhausted. We always quickly recover at our home from home.We would recommend our favourite London hotel to anyone thinking of planning a visit to the city.	
Sep 13 2009 	Felt like home!! Amazing	I highly recommend this hotel due to its ideal location and quirky interior. The rooms are quite spacious and comfortable. Everything is within walking distance. London is much lovelier now that I know Cadogan Hotel exists. This hotel will make your stay worthwhile.	
Sep 8 2009 	English elegance	We were a little early so couldn't check-in to our room, but concierge kindly stored our bag for us, while we explored the local area. Sloane Street is packed with designer shops (Gucci, Armani etc) but I quickly marched my wife past to have lunch at Harvey Nicks. We returned to find that we had been up-graded to a junior suite, which turned out to be huge, with 2 bathrooms and a massive bed. We were celebrating our anniversary so a knock on the door with champagne delivered to the room was a lovely surprise. The staff were all so cheerful and helpful, we felt like Royalty, which bearing in mind the Royal connections this hotel has made a lot of sense. We were going out for dinner at Maze and found it easy to get a taxi right outside the front door of the hotel. The following day we woke up to a full English breakfast and my wife tried eggs benedict, both of which were delicious. There is a welcoming feel to this hotel, which really added to our trip to London.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great Location and atmosphere	All round good experience. Service was great and staff were always willing to help and be of service. Lovely traditional feel to the hotel and in a great location concerning luxury brand shopping, Harrods and the night life of Knightsbridge and transport links. Can’t really fault the hotel as my say was very good. I recommend!	
Sep 1 2009 	WoW Just what you want to get out of a 5star Hotel	I stayed at the Cadogan in July and what a welcome i got when i walked in from the reception who mad check a breeze where i normaly hate it as there is always something wrong. Had a drink in the bar the first Night and the Barman Kevin was very friendly and made you feel like a friend. Breakfast in the morning is great with not a fault to be found, try there capacino its is the best. Next time im back i will give the restaurant a go for dinner with some friends as the have a great Wine dinner offer.	
Sep 1 2009 	Wonderful clean and attractive	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Cadogan for one night prior to taking a flight back to the states. We had arrived back in London from Paris much later than anticipated but the Cadogan staff was helpful and efficient in checking us in. We were settled into our spacious and comfortable room in no time. Our room had a lovely street view and was very quiet. The facilities were immaculate and the business center was very helpful in getting and printing out travel information. My only complaint is the location - we are both in our early twenties and tend to eat late dinners (around 9pm). It was a Sunday night and nearly impossible to find anything to eat in the vicinity. Really, a very small gripe as it's otherwise an incredibly safe location (and quite fancy to boot) which is very busy during the daylight hours. I would certainly stay here again!	
Aug 28 2009 	Simply Excellent	Great Hotel...Best Bar service...Amazing breakfast...Highly recommended...	
Aug 26 2009 	Cadogan is simply a leisure hotel	with prime location in the heart of London, friendly personnel and excelent and attentive F&amp;B service from the first step in, lovely and cosy feeling all make the this lovely Hotel my very favourate.	
Aug 15 2009 	Charming relaxing and convenient.	We stayed at the Codogan for a single night in June and had a lovely room to the back of the hotel. It was very quiet, comfortable and well equipped, with a great bathroom (with good quality toiletries). It was a sweltering day in London, getting back to the room it was nice to relax and be able to cool down with the AC on full blast, which fortunately worked well!We didn't eat in the restaurant in the evening, but breakfast was lovely.The communal areas are very luxurious, but never too much, which is a breath of fresh air. As for the staff, they could not have been more helpful or welcoming, check in was efficient and the concierge very knowledgeable about best ways of getting around, places to visit, shopping etc, all of which the Hotel's location is ideal for.Overall, a very pleasant stay and will return to the Codogan for future trips to London.	
Jul 26 2009 	A great little hotel	I lived in London until I was twelve before moving to Spain and it keeps drawing me back.I stayed at the Cadogan recently with a friend on my sixth trip to London. I had stayed with friends before but they moved out to the country. The hotel feels like a club in some ways as you feel at home right away. The location is as good as it gets (away from the hustle and bustle) and it is easy to reach anywhere as the transport system is so good. The staff are so friendly, especially Ritchie who helped us so much. He is such a funny guy and could not do enough for us. He knows all the places of interest in this fantastic city and even made some suggestions not usually on the tourist trail. He also found us some tickets to a Hyde Park music festival so we got to see Bruce Springsteen. Magic! We ‘did’ the centre on previous trips so were keen to do something different. Our trip on a river boat from Kingston to Hampton Court Palace was so memorable. We would also recommend Kew Gardens. Ritchie suggested both of these and several more that we could not fit in. We will just have to return!The hotel building is Victorian and it has so much character - very ‘olde worlde’. You almost expect to see Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson in discussion in the drawing room. As for our room it was very comfortable with a good size bathroom. We chose to have breakfast at a bistro nearby as we thought it was a bit expensive in the hotel . All the prestige shops are just along from the hotel as you walk up to Knightsbridge and Harrods, a fantastic shop by the way. Sloane Square and the Kings Road are a short walk in the opposite direction. There is a garden square across from the hotel which guests can access and beyond that are some beautiful houses.All in all I would recommend the Cadogan to anyone who wants a small, convenient hotel with a special feel.	
Jul 23 2009 	Not a 5 Star Hotel	The service at the Cadogan is quite good. However, the entire experience, including the room quality and the quality of the bathroom is not what I would expect in a five star hotel. The hotel is, however, in a wonderful location.	
Jun 25 2009 	My place in London.	I stay at The Cadogan at least once a year and have done so since the '80's. I continue to find the overall service highly impressive, but most importantly, unobtrusive. The front desk is exceptionally helpful. I'm prompted to write a positive review after reading a highly negative one. Each traveler's expectations are unique. This place suits mine perfectly. I shall keep returning.	
Jun 21 2009 	High style in the heart of Kensington.	We booked our stay at this lovely spot with a package with our British Airways flight. Upon our arrival, we were upgraded to a bigger room, which was, despite the small bathroom, spacious and comfortable. Air-conditioning is now standard in most English hotels, regardless of size and ours worked just fine to keep us cool. This historic hotel is situated just minutes by foot from Knightsbridge tube, making it THE ideal location. With so many picturesque streets around and about, plus free access to the wonderful square across the road, who could really ask for more? They have a small gym and a computer room with printer, all free. Charm is this hotel's middle name. Richie, the very amusing and extremely helpful concierge at the front desk is a true delight. He took us to see Oscar Wilde's room (109), which is lovely. By doing this hotel as part of a package made it far more affordable than it would otherwise have been. Our room, 114, overlooked the side street, rather than the square in front of the hotel, but that suited us fine, as it's much quieter on the side street. And what a view! Magnificent houses to look out upon. No complaints to speak of, except for that small bathroom, but some rooms have much larger ones, depending on where the room is. Ask for a large bathroom when booking. We've stayed in many places in London, but this was the capstone to our experience in this amazing city. Not perfect, but then no place is. Just a lovely vibe and helpful staff to make your stay a romantic breeze.	
Jun 16 2009 	Wonderful week-end wonderful city and wonderful hotel!	This Hotel is located at few minutes from the Knightsbridge Station (underground), in the heart of London. I went to London for a long week-end with a friend of mine: it was my first time in London, and I think it could not have been better.The hotel was perfect. The staff was friendly, professional, very helpful and multilingual... they make you feel like home!Our room was very comfortable and clean. When we came back to the hotel after our first day LONDON-FULL-IMMERSION, we found a lovely fresh fruit basket and a bottle of Champagne welcoming us!!!Breakfast in the morning was really very good: there was a rich Buffet, and we really enjoyed the pancakes with maple syrup, strawberries and blackberries!PERFECT!	
Jun 4 2009 	Style and service at your fingertips....	The Cadogan hotel has always had an infamous reputation for excellent service which is exactly what I experienced first hand when I stayed there for a relaxing weekend not so long ago. Not only is the hotel a beautiful Victorian building with stunning wooden beam features and high architectual ceilings which run throughout each room which is in turn complimented by a wonderful collection of old and contemporary artwork, the staff were incredibly welcoming and friendly which made my entire stay very peaceful and relaxing which is not so easy to find in the hustle and bustle of London city centre.I arrived in my room to be welcomed by a beautiful basket of assorted fresh fruit and I decided to stay in the hotel for dinner and im glad I did as the menu had an array of wonderful seasonal produce and so my asparagus followed by fresh sea bream went down a treat along with different wines to compliment each course which the waiters knowledge of was infallible. Altogether I had a lovely time staying at the Cadogan hotel and will definitly stay there again soon, as they proved those wrong who say you cant have style and service at your fingertips.....	
Jun 2 2009 	Wonderful Hotel Great Staff and Location	This Hotel is in an upscale neighborhood, a few blocks from the underground, and walking distance to many good restaurants. The Hotel's restaurant is also very good for dinner. The staff, in particular, Ritchie and Marco (front desk), Ryan, Richard and Renato (food and beverage) were friendly, helpful, professional and a pleasure to meet. Our room was comfortable and clean. We loved the location of the Hotel and the excellent service from the Staff. My only complaint would be the breakfast was overpriced. There are several good places a couple of blocks away at Sloan Square.	
May 29 2009 	Charming and Elegant Hotel in a Ritzy Neighborhood	This hotel is situated in Chelsea, a neighborhood with an upscale feel to it. It is relatively convenient to public transportation, although when the Circle and District lines went out of service on the day we planned for the Tower of London, we scrambled to get on a bus that took over an hour to go across town.The staff was pleasant at this hotel and the concierge Ritchie gave us the perfect recommendation for a nearby pub - it was exactly what we had in mind and had an incredible shepherd's pie. The night manager was an amiable gentleman, albeit a bit flustered. He misinformed us that the walk to Victoria Station would take at least 45 minutes, when in reality, it took under 15.This is a historic hotel that has been updated nicely and has all the modern conveniences one would expect. The room had a sleek and classic look, tastefully furnished. We had been upgraded to a deluxe room and I'm not sure exactly what that meant, but we had a separate entrance hall/dressing room where the minisafe and closet were situated.We had a pleasant stay at The Cadogan - it is what you would expect for the rate, which was ~240 pounds per night.	
May 23 2009 	Always a fantastic stay. Wonderful staff and service	I would like to recommend this hotel to everyone. I have been staying here for over 20 years and the staff and hotel is wonderful. I always recommend people I know from Texas and around the U.S. to stay at this hotel. Special mention to the following people:Richie Long- Wonderful and cheerful individual that has been a good friend for over 15 years. This individual makes the &quot;Cadogon Hotel a home away from home&quot;. Always helps new people to the hotel and the &quot;Old Timers&quot; like me. The hotel is lucky to have him. He is the Concierge and always knows where to go about town.Joe- Has been at the Cadogan for many years and their Concierge. He gives me the directions and help that I always need away from home. A real English Gentleman and fun to know. My Bar Keepers- Special thanks to Renado and John who are incredible. Both give the customers great service and a different taste to the English Hospitality. John is a perfect &quot;English Gentleman&quot; and Renado is from Brazil who give you a different perspective of the world. At the Cadogan the bar is wonderful and these two gentleman are really interesting to listen to. Great service.A very good experience at this hotel.	
May 20 2009 	A very poorly managed hotel shame..service and facilities appalling..	Hardly a Leading Hotel..whoever operates this once iconic establishment should be ashamed. This is a very poor example of the best in hospitality..breakfast simply dreadful and service embarassingly slow and haphazard..sugar bowl filthy, coffee cold,orange juice.awful..I could go on and on...back to the drawing board chaps. There is no shortcut to success, suggest you recruit wisely, train incessantly ..obviously GM not an Hotelier.	
May 14 2009 	AMAZING!!!	As a frequent traveler throughout Europe i have been fortunate enough to stay in some of the best hotels. The Cadogan was by far one of the best experiences to date. The service was excellent. The manager, Tim, went above and beyond. The room was elegant and spotless. Room service at 3am FANTASTIC. I give this a 5 star rating and would reccomend this hotel to anyone traveling to London!!!	
Apr 24 2009 	Exceptional in every way.	We stayed here along with 9 other couples in connection with the opening of a play in London that I wrote. One cannot overstate the excellence of the hotel, its gracious staff, its comfortable and well appointed rooms. They could not do enough for us. They were cheerful, helpful, and the intimate but elegant atmosphere of the hotel set it apart.	
Apr 21 2009 	The best way to celebrate our first wedding anniversary.	This is one of the most luxurious hotels we have had the pleasure to visit.The level of service was outstanding, all our needs were met and exceeded.We enjoyed probably the best meal we have ever had in the hotel's restaurant. I would definitely recommend a romantic dinner there.Thanks for making our special day so much more memorable and enjoyable.	
Mar 31 2009 	We would give the Service 6 out of 5 if we could!	We have just returned from a weekend in London to celebrate my Mum's birthday. The Cadogan Hotel, and particularly Richard on the front desk, was instrumental in making the weekend a huge success. The hotel is in a lovely area, and we were all pleased with our rooms, they were spacious, elegant and the bed was so comfortable I had the best night's sleep I'd had in ages. We were delighted that Mum was given an upgrade, it made her feel really special. We were extremely well looked after at all times with great attention to detail - when hearing that we were going to the theatre to see Blood Brothers, Richard presented Mum with a box of tissues, warning that it was a tearjerker. We ate in the restaurant in the evening, and the meal was superb, made even more enjoyable by the excellent service, particularly that of Eba our waitress, who was everything that a waitress should be - friendly, attentive, courteous, knowledgable about the food and patient. We also really enjoyed the opportunity to take a stroll in the private garden.We would recommend this hotel to anyone (though make sure Richard isn't on holiday before you book - it wouldn't be the same without him!).Minor comments, it was odd that there wasn't a mirror in our bedroom, and we did miss not having tea and coffee making facilities.	
Mar 30 2009 	Exceptional Hotel	Stayed overnight during May 2008.Very large room with superb furnishings also had with two bathrooms and two balconies so no complaints there !Staff friendly, helpful and attentive. Food first rate. This is one of those rare hotels which captures a golden era but includes all contemporary requirements. Quite expensive but worth the money &amp; very well located for Sloane Sq and Knightsbridge.Ask for the key to the main square's gardens - a charming haven in the midst of London's bustle.	
Mar 29 2009 	this hotel does not live up to its rating	The service was excellent and very helpful. Very disappointed with our room, very small and pokey. Was surprised not having the option of a bath and shower, just a shower. I had to ask for a mirror to be sent to the room as there werent any at all in the bedroom, how on earth you could dry your hair without a mirror was ridiculous.We have been in far better 3 star hotels with far better facilities. In saying that it was very clean and towels changed every day and the resturant was superb. The food was second to none. Good location for Harrods and Harvey Nichs with good access to the underground. Overall It was ok, We paid £99 per night for the room as there was an offer on. If we were to pay the full price of £200 a night, we would be far from happy	
Mar 23 2009 	A hotel to be in when you need help	The Cadogan is a really marvellous hotel for one main reason - the staff. They are always there to help and advise and at times of crisis (which we experienced) the whole staff stepped up to the mark and made us more comfortable and confident.The hotel is very grand and typically English and the rooms are well laid out and spacious with modern bathrooms and good bed linen. The reception area was glorious with yellow daffodils and you are immediately welcomed by the reception staff.Well done everyoneElizabeth	
Mar 21 2009 	Good - if you get a special deal	I'm only getting around to writing up reviews of our recent trip to London (January 2009). We stayed at the Cadogan having gotten a special offer in their 'Sale' - 99 sterling per night (room only). Location is perfect for the Knightsbridge/Chelsea area and just off Sloan Street and around the corner from Harrods. Check-in was efficient if not quite brusk - but that didn't matter much to us as we only intended to use it for sleep. Our room was allocated in the eaves of the building overlooking a side street. Beautifully appointed and decorated well. However on closer inspection there was a complete film of dust on the television unit (which wasn't cleaned off during our stay). Shower only in our room which suited us just fine. We didn't use the toiletries as it appeared the small bottles had been 'refilled' with liquids and the tops not cleaned off properly and looked quite grubby. We went out and bought our own. Slightly disappointed as this hotel is affiliated with the 'the leading small Hotels in the World'. My husband got extremely ill on our second night (chickenpox as we later found out!) and we had to cut our stay short and return home. Tried to access the business centre to book a flight home to be told by another guest to come back in 30 minutes as he was busy!! The hotel charged us for our third night even though we were back in Ireland and hubbie tucked up in our own bed. At the time it didn't really matter as he was so ill I would have spent my last penny on getting him home.Overall, this hotel is situated in a perfect area and I would consider staying here again (if I got a good deal) but wouldn't have been best pleased if we had paid full prices for the pleasure of staying there.	
Mar 17 2009 	Great location in Knightsbridge	We stayed at The Cadogan for two nights thanks to a great deal on Priceline, and thought it was terrific. While the hotel itself has a sort of faded elegance (which my wife loves), the rooms have been updated, with good bathrooms, (small) flatscreen TV, free high-speed internet, etc. And for the price we paid, having a Knightsbridge/Belgravia address was something. We felt quite posh wandering around all the multimillion dollar properties.Only drawback was our room faced the street and it was a bit noisy. Oh, and they wanted a 40 quid supplement for the use of a baby crib, which was fairly astounding. We had planned on having our baby sleep in the bed with us anyway, but out of the 5 hotels we stayed in during this trip, The Cadogan was the only one with a surcharge, and a rather expensive one at that.	
Mar 9 2009 	Everything was lovely	This is a fabulous hotel. The staff are really lovely. The lady who looked after us at breakfast was wonderful. The whole hotel is elegant and charming. We loved it.	
Mar 9 2009 	Lots of Problems	Stayed in the Cadogen in March for 4 nights. Hotel is in a nice location and looks pleasant from the outside. However, after checking in the problems began, the room we were allocated was on the main road even though had requested room as back if possible and was very noisy. Asked for room at back and they said they had one for the following night which I was happy enough with. This was a big mistake, we were being punished for moving rooms as the new room on the 4th floor was tiny and had a 4foot bed for 2 people so we were hanging out of the bed it was so small. I had asked for wireless access on arrival which worked in the first room but this room was so far up that there was no signal so not good if you have work to do. Having said this, the small room was quieter so we were willing to sqeeze into the tiny bed. The final straw was on our last night when there was a party in an apartment near the back of the hotel which played music until 5 am which blared into the room. We contacted reception and they apologised but said there were no other rooms so there was nothing they could do but they would let manager know. After very little sleep, we checked out next day at the end of our 4 nights. I mentioned the problem the night before which she knew about but they offered us nothing for the sleepless night and proceeded to charge us the full whack. I stayed at a premier inn for the last year in London and the standard was much higher than this hotel. At least you got a bed that you could fit into. The drawing room is nice but considering you have to pay £4.75 plus service to have a cup of tea as there are no tea making facilites in the rooms, it can mount up. If the manager had at least offered us some sort of apology and perhaps something off the bill for the final night, we would've felt less aggrieved but it was handled badly. I don't think I will be returning to this hotel and it's definitely not a 5 star. My advice is to stay at the premier inn.	
Mar 1 2009 	Great hotel in great neighborhood with great staff.	Arrived at 8:40 after overnight flight and Rait at front desk had us in a room by the time we returned from breakfast at 10, even though the hotel was sold out the night before. Richie, the Concierge, began dispensing outstanding advice immediately with a local eatery for breakfast the first morning. His advice on dining options, places to see and how and when to get to where we wanted to go, was a key element in our superior 5 Day Holiday.  The hotel was well appointed and the room was nicely furnished clean and comfortable.Would highly recommend and definitely return to The Cadogan.	
Feb 26 2009 	Like the central location and the amability of the staff	We like everything of the Cadogan Hotel and the proof is that we've been faithful and regular guests of the Cadogan since we left London in 1987. That's a long time!	
Feb 22 2009 	Our visit to Cadogan in was a pleasant surprise	Our visit to Cadogan in Knightsbridge was a pleasant surprise . The location of Hotel is superb in the heart of Knightsbridge cloase all the major shopping and attractions just of Sloane Avenue. Its a quaint town house hotel with all the facility and ambiance of a modern boutique hotel. We had a very smooth checking and all the staff where friendly and helpful. The rooms are amazing and very specious and very tactfully decorated . The beds where very comfortable and hotel is very quiet so you sleep well.  The corridors and the bar area could do with a bit of revamping as they felt a bit tired. On our last night we had cocktails in the bar and romantic dinner in Langtrys restaurant and we took advantage of the 3 courses and unlimited wine for £30 and it was outstanding value . The staff was attentive without being overly fussy and the food was good - portions a bit smale but wiht 3 courses and all wine it was just perfect. I would definalty recomend this hotel and would love to go back again a very comfertable and romantic experiance	
Feb 21 2009 	Five stars Hotel- Five stars memories!	My family and I stayed at the Cadogan Hotel in the beginning of February for a weekend break away from home. We wanted to spend some quality time together and do a bit of shopping and sightseeing.We had a great experience from the day we arrived till the day we had to leave. It was our first visit and the first thing we noticed was the friendly staff. They made us feel very welcome and accomodated our needs as a family. The suite we booked was beautifully furnished in modern english style and &quot;calming&quot; colors, The atmosphere in the bar and lounge area was cozy and intimate and if it was not because I was there on a family holiday, I could have stayed in the lounge for hours snuggling down in the comfortable chairs enjoying my coffee and a good book. One afternoon we decided to have afternoon tea in the lounge and it was absolutely delicious, especially the scones- the best I have ever tasted. Again I would like to point out the staff. They were really helpful when we needed advise where to go with our children and how to get there.The location of the Hotel is great because it is situated in the heart of London, walking distance to Harrods and Harvey Nicols and close to Knightsbridge underground station, from where it was easy for us to reach our destinations.We would definately come back, maybe for a romantic weekend break without the children:-)	
Feb 20 2009 	Truly great location with history friendly staff and art	I followed my wife on a business trip to London, as I had not been there for a number of years.She booked the Cadogan through her company, as it was close to the places she had to work from, and she had a good price with them.It was realy good to be able to visit some museus I had not seen in other visits. For me this hotel was a discovery becouse I believed it was just an old building in Knightsbridge. The location is just perfect, for shopping and for tourism. You are closed to everything important in London and can walk everywhere. I discovered about Oscar Wilde, who was arrested there. It was quite an emotion for me. What I like about this hotel was the art exibitions they have, it creates a sense of calm, and you feel in a place different from all the modern and big hotels you stay during your trips. The staff was really good and friendly, very down to earth. In some hotels you feel you are not welcome, here it was the opposite. Everybody was talking to us. Particularly Ritchi, the concierge, was very friendly and tryed to speak words in Spanish. I also tryed the restaurant, becouse my wife did not want to go out one evening. The food was really good. I can say that becouse I live in Madrid and eat good food every day. The restaurant was british modern and I realy loved it. The bedroom was a little small, even though it was looking new and very clean. I will recomend this hotel to all of my friends who want to go to London.Xavi Godoy	
Feb 19 2009 	Two star dressed as a three and pretending to be a five star	The employees were polite and attentive. That is were the compliments end. The Cadogan is resting on older glory and is in essence an overpriced hostel. Starting with the hallway carpets on our floor which were aged and dirty. The hallway design was less boutique and more 1950's apartment-tight space with squeaky floorboards. Even the elevator is small and cramped, they may have added modern lights, but for a hotel of that size, that elevator was an atrocity.Moving on to the room: The room was extremely cramped for one person let alone two people. There was barely any room to swing the proverbial cat. There are hostel rooms larger than this. If two rooms were joined together it would be closer to a regular size hotel room.The mattress-was lumpy and aged and the pillows were quite flat. The bathroom which had such five star luxuries as Ikea water glasses and soap dishes, was the only thing that could possibly make The Cadogan rise from it's two star ranks to two point five stars. It had many of the amenities you would expect in a hotel bathroom. The only problem is that it was quite small and from an architectural viewpoint the walls were horribly constructed with sharp edges. My sister injured herself against such edge as she went into the shower.The Cadogan is an embarrassment to true five star hotels. This is a two star hostel barely dressed as a three star yet parading around as a five star. Charging five-star rates does not make a hotel a five star. Nor does being located in Knightsbridge or being apart of a select group of chain hotels does not give a hotel an automatic five star rating. This hotel must be placed in it's proper category as a 2 star hotel. Placing it in a five-star hotel is an outright lie and injustice to true five star hotels.	
Feb 16 2009 	loved it	stayed wit the family for 3 days, we had 3 rooms booked, at arrival the reception team were so welcoming and very helpful, the afternoon tea was a tiptop experience which we all had to try the best scones we ever had, and the service was just first class.our rooms were a bit small but had everything a family would require and housekeeping were just on top of everything.all in all i would say it was a great stay	
Feb 15 2009 	Fantastic hotel	Went there for a weekend break and absolutely loved it.The rooms were spacious and had a very traditional feel to them.The staff was very helpful and the food at the restaurant was amazing.The location is excellant with all all the shopping around .Overall a fabulous experience and we would definately stay there again.	
Feb 2 2009 	Not the 5 star experience one normally expects	I stayed here with my husband for 2 nights . We were in London on a mixed trip of business and pleasure. We booked the hotel on line and had no problem with the booking despite a late arrival. The hotel location is great for knightsbridge, located half way down Sloane St. and equidistant from Knightsbridge or Sloane Square tube station ( 5 min walk). The hotel is Edwardian in style. The elevator in the lobby is the old type open lift with sliding gate. It is quite small allowing 3 people in at one time. Our room was on the third floor right beside the lift and we certainly could hear noise from the lift at night. The hotel was not very busy at the time of our stay, so it wasn't a major problem. The room itself was small with a small double bed (5ft bed). There were no tea/ coffee making facilities in the room , but there was a minibar if you like that kind of thing. The Lilly Langtry connection is flogged a lot at the hotel. Our bedroom had three A4 size photos of her on the wall, the restaurant is called Langtrys etc etc. They don't let you escape the history of the building! There was a TV with only a few channels in english, but it was a clear picture quality and adequate. We had very little time to watch TV with so much to do in the area. The bathroom in our room was surprisingly large, with full size bath tub and a shower unit. The water pressure is woeful, the worst I have come across in a hotel for a very long time. We felt we had to dance around the shower to get wet! The room in general was clean and warm with a turn down service at night. Our room faced onto Sloane Street and there was some city noise but nothing that would keep us awake at night. We didn't eat at the hotel. There are lots of restaurants in the area and we chose to eat out instead. This is not your standard corporate 5 star hotel. It is more boutique in nature, olde worlde, and I would have to say that our room was more like 3+ star standard rather than 5.The staff were all efficient and courteous with good english. We had no problems in that regard. We paid $150 for the room per night not including breakfast. At the time in the location it was the best value and on leaving the hotel we both felt we had good value for the money in that location.	
Jan 26 2009	Will never go back!	I think this hotel is really, really overrated. The location is great, but the hotel is lacking somewhat. The room we were allocated was opposite the very loud banging gate of the lift therefore we asked to be moved to another room. The lady on reception gave the impression that I'd perhaps asked for her kidney, and when I tried to explain that being 5 months pregnant I'm finding it difficult to sleep without a banging lift and passing traffic noise, she simply stated that it would be very difficult to move us. We were finally allocated another room, which to be honest was awful... if you get room 320 ask to be moved. The room is tiny as it's on a corner and the bathroom is so pokey I felt claustrophobic! There are no tea/coffee making facilities in the room and a cup of tea from room service is £5.00 plus the obligatory 12.5% charge... saying that, a full english in bed is £24.50 each, plus £5 room supplement plus 12.5% discretionary charge!! (sorry, I think this is hilarious!!)To top it all off we came back from the ridiculous Langtry restaurant (table of 8 people set up in the middle of the room were so loud we could barely have a conversation, waitress struggles to be understood due to poor english, food was of miniscule proportions) to find that there is an air conditioning unit outside which hummed all night...I was looking forward to checking out so I could tell the staff my thoughts on the place, but the gentleman on reception couldn't have been less interested. We weren't asked if we'd had a nice stay, or thanked. I felt grateful to have received eye contact!I got the impression the staff felt they were much better than us, which I think is disgraceful. Far from the romantic break we had planned, I couldn't wait to leave this hotel. Reception staff could do with a lesson in customer service and whoever thought charging nearly a tenner for a hot chocolate is reasonable needs a reality check.Would I be back? Never.	
Jan 24 2009 	not 5 star	Stayed at the Cadogan for 3 nights though the location is great for sightseeing in London the rooms and service are certainly no where near 5 star max 3 star. The room was absolutely tiny, there was only double glazing on one window it had obviously fallen off the other window and not replaced making the room noisey all night. Light in wardrope was broken and flicked on and off. Turn down service only happened 2 of the 3 nights. the t.v. was so fuzzy I couldn't watch it and the freeview didn't work. No tea or coffee making facilities in room. Staff seemed disinterested didn't ask if everything was ok on check out, while I was checking out staff moved onto next customer with out indicating wheither he was finished with me or saying thank you or goodbye. Got the impression staff thought they were better then me the paying guest. Not worth the price won't be staying here again. I will stay in the Wyndham grand which was fantastic when I stayed in November '08.	
Jan 22 2009	Best location possible with professional and friendy staff	The hotel's location is unbeatable for its proximity to London's most well known boroughs Kensington and Chelsea and Fulham. Just a couple minutes' walk from Harvey Nichols and Harrods on one side (with Knightsbidge tube station a stone throw away) and Sloane square and King's road on the other (with Sloane Square tube station a 5 minutes walk from the hotel), The Cadogan hotel has the best location possible for the best shopping in London. Staff was extremely welcoming making us feel at home, but with all the comforts of a Leading Small Hotel of the World. A special mention must go to the hotel's barman: unimpeachable and a pleasure to be served by him. Being a frequent visitor of London, I will definitely come back to The Cadogan and I sincerely reccomend it to anyone who would like to have a priviedged location when visiting the city be it for work or leisure.	
Jan 21 2009	Great Location tip-top service	Great Location equidistant from Knigtsbridge and Sloan Square tube stops(&lt;5min walk each) , making access to London quite easy.Service was great. Very prompt, courteous, and pleasant.Rooms were average but mine (415) had a recently remodeled modern bath.Our window opened to Sloane street below, but I was able to sleep with the window cracked without too much bother of noise.At a priceline bid of only $USD 155/night I considered this a GREAT value.Would certainly stay again.	
Jan 3 2009 	Great Location	We stayed 3 nights at the Cadogan. A great location- within easy walking distance of Knightsbridge and Sloane Sq. tube stations, and there's a bus that is right on Sloane st- I think it's actually one that somebody commented is just like a tour bus for a lot less GBP- by the way it is great to ride the double deckers. The hotel is a boutique sized hotel and everything is just that size- boutique size. The lobby, the elevator, the room, the gym (3 machines)- they were all incredibly small a 3 day stay for us was probably the max. (but I suppose it was a winter trip and we were all bundled up and quite rotund.) We did not find the staff too helpful, but on the other hand we didn't ask for much either. The best thing was that they had a basket of clementine oranges at the front desk, lovely. We were awoken one night to a mouse on our luggage (and no food in the luggage either) and were offered a particularly lame excuse by the desk clerk and no recompense-take 1* away. It's not nice to know there's vermin in your room. The bath was the swankiest part of the hotel and ours was large to boot, a luxury one done up in tasteful marble with nice fixtures (though I didn't care for the no water pressure gravity drop down shower head.) There was an adequate flat screen TV. We had a room facing Sloan St. (on 4) which we thought may be noisy from traffic but because of winter the windows were shut (and they are sort of jerry rigged double glazed) but the most noise was from the lift which was right outside our door- it's an old style lift with a manual outer gate and just big enough for 3- fortunately the hotel is upscale and seemingly goes to be early. We paid 99 GBP through Priceline, and noticed they are offering that special directly. They did offer us a larger room for an extra 20GBP per night after night 1 which was completely sold out. I didn't see it a a 5 star hotel which Priceline bills it at, 3.5-4, I don't know how it is part of the Leading Hotels of the World affiliation. But the location is fantastic just off Knightsbridge, and Sloane Sq. enough and right across from a lovely looking park.	
Dec 18 2008 	More than Oscar Wilde	Hi,I went to spent some days in London for shows and I did want to know by myself the famour Oscar Wilde's hotel. I tought it was the perfect place for my plans of a few days for west end plays: Oscar Wilde bedroom for Oscar Wilde theaterland.And what I found was much more than this. I planned my trip with time enought to have for me that room. And it's great and really charmy. Full of history. But that beautiful hotel is MUCH more than this. It's worm and you feel like at home. It's a great hotel with great people inside. And the lovely edwardan building can not be better.Just perfect.Nacho. Madrid. Spain	
Dec 2 2008	Great service beyond our expectations!	I stayed at the Cadogan a few years ago on business and it was nice to come back with the family this time on a short vacation. The location is central (Knightsbridge) and close to public transport as well as good shopping and restaurants in London. The staff and management of the Cadogan were very helpful and friendly (unlike the perception that most English are stuffy). We had to unexpectedly extend our stay for a few days in London due to the chaos in the Bangkok Airport &amp; our flight back to Asia was abruptly cancelled. Despite full bookings at the Cadogan, hotel manager Adi was able to arrange for us to stay on while keeping everybody concerned happy. We really appreciated his efforts since we didn't have to have to hassle with moving out to another hotel &amp; all. As we waited for our flight to be confirmed, Ritchie and Joe at the Concierge kept us busy with suggestions for sightseeing and restaurants. Ritchie, in particular, kept us entertained with anecdotes and jokes about his dear Mom! Finally, front desk manager Rait was very helpful and most efficient, keeping us constantly updated on the status of our rooms. This is one of the most welcoming &amp; accomodating hotel staff we have encountered in London or in Europe.	
Nov 22 2008 	excellent treat !!!	A treat in hospitality ! I would recommend The Cadogan not only for its superb location {middle of Sloan Street) around the corner from Harrods but especially for the special touch the staff gives to make your stay very comfortable and welcoming. The ambience is relaxed though with true English cosy elegance. With its history it brings you back in time but with some nice modern live touches... have some tapas at the bar {recommended} My address to stay for a London shopping visit !!!	
Nov 20 2008 	Cadogan: Perfect Location with Art	I booked through their web site as their rates were really good. Was uncertain of the product when making the reservation. I was pleasantly surprised as I found the hotel really British. The location was also just what I was looking for. The service was impeccable and the staff really pleasant. The breakfast experience was enjoyable in this restaurant which looks like a private home. The bedroom was of a good size and very clean. The technical offer in the room was average. What really impressed me though was the art exhibition they had and they seem to change regularly. I felt like in an art gallery. The Concierge Joe is old school and knows his job. I will definitely get back there.	
Jul 2 2008	Great service but could use a little something	The Cadogan was a wonderful hotel but could have a few improvements.The service was perfect. The staff was courteous and helpful. The atmosphere traditional and classy in the common areas. Afternoon tea was perfect.The improvements were needed in the room they gave us. We requested a deluxe double and were put in a superior double which was the lesser of a room. The carpet was dingy and stained and there was a leak in the corner of the room by the closet. (This stained some clothing that was there before the discovery of the leak.) The television was very limited on choices of channels and the shelving in the bathroom was directly over the toilet. (not good when something drops) The gym was very tiny and limited. I will say that the staff was excellent though.	
Jun 3 2008 	Lovely Cadogan	I was referred by friends of friends to try the Cadogan.From the first moment I got into the hotel, I knew it was going to be my place. Very traditional and discreet. The staff at the reception were very professional and very friendly. I really felt welcome. The room was new and very clean. Not many TV channells though. I will certainly recommend this hotel to all of my friends, who like me travel on business.Grazie Cadogan.Silvio Bonetti - Milan	
Jun 2 2008 	Great Service and Good Product in a Great Location	I had read an article on the NY Times and was intrigued by the history of this property. Oscar Wilde arrested there and Lllie Langtry used to live there. Decided to give it a try on my next trip to London.I loved every minute of it. The location could not be better, in Knightsbridge, near Harrods and on Sloane Street. The staff was friendly and very attentive. Always had the right word, at the right time. I did love my stay with them. The rooms were new and very clean. They had just had a refurbishment the Housekeeper said to me. I normally like more contemporary hotels, this is very British and very classic in style. I did not mind that. They were also having some art exhibitions, which I though was something different for an hotel. Loved the British contemporary food experience, which I thought was something worth a try. Did not know how good the British cuisine could be.I will definitely be back.George WilsonChicagoIllinois	
May 27 2008 	Never Again - Unless you like not being able to sleep	I was shown to my room by a staff member who said it was her favorite room in the hotel - she must be an insomniac because the street noise made it impossible to get any sleep. The hotel is located at the intersection of two major streets and so the street noise goes on all night long. I live in New York City and so know there are things you can do to block out the street noise but this hotel has done of those things. I won't even bother to mention that a window, window shade, light and air conditioner in my room were all not working. Management was unreceptive to any discussion of a credit for my sleepless nights or for all the things that were not working in my room.	
Apr 12 2008 	Classical and Luxery in Knightsbridge	After touring many hotels in London the Cadogan was by FAR our group's number one choice. Its superb location in Knightsbridge off Sloane Street can't be beat. All of London's sights are are quickly and easily accessible from this location by Underground.Upon entering the lobby, one steps back in time as the decor is very traditional yet classical and is complimented well with pieces of classical art. Close attention to intricate details can be seen in all areas - from the tiles in the public areas to the light fixtures. The hotel has quite an interesting history - combined with the elegant decor and excellent service, this hotel is a great choice for discerning travellers (bear in mind London prices!)The rooms on the upper floors are more traditional and elegant in decor - as I understood these are the refurbished rooms. I recommend requesting one of these rooms as the rooms on the lower floors are more contemporary and lack the elegant decor and historical feel of the rooms on the upper floors. For the discerning traveller who prefers properties which reflect the city that they are in will find this hotel a perfect choice. Its elegance and excellent service also make it an exceptional choice for honeymoon couples.	
Feb 27 2008 	Need management change	Surprised by our stay in this lovely hotel, which used to be Lilly Langtry's house. The day manager is difficult. We were in a very small room in which nothing worked (including the shower television and telephone) and it took him three days to change our room. We were not able to change hotels as we had sadly booked on Expedia (which we have learned is not a good way to go-- you are usually stuck with the least desirable room, since the hotel knows you can't get out of your booking).The night manager was wonderful, and made up for our grouchiness-- he upgraded us to a lovely room with breakfast included. The day manager however and even GM were not too courteous from that moment on, when they discovered that the night manager had given us more than the price we were paying , and this made us uncomfortable when we would see them walking around--(hotel is quite small). All this made my husband say he wouldn't go back. It's too bad, as I have fond memories of having had lovely teas there (they have very nice scones.)	
Nov 27 2007 	Brilliant staff!	We stayed here in October, the service was far more personal than larger establishments , Alasdar was a gem! Definately would stay again next time we are in London, it was like a home from home.	
Aug 22 2007 	Great Hotel	Stayed in many hotels in London over the past couple of years and this is by far one of the best. Staff were friendly and rooms were clean. The hotel has recently been refurbished and the rooms look great. The food was great value for money and the location can not be beaten. Harrods is a stones throw away and the fact that its a small boutique hotel means it feels more like home then a hotel.	
Jul 18 2007	Tiny Room Awful Service	Stayed one night at Cadogan in June. Paid 300 pounds for a room that was 125 sq ft and the service was awful to boot! I expected more from the hotel.	
Jul 11 2007 	Disappointing	Originally booked to stay in a sister hotel of The Cadogan but due to a problem there with overbooking for one night of our three night stay, we were transferred to The Cadogan for one night. A taxi was arranged for us and we arrived at the hotel to be met by bored looking, grumpy, middle aged male staff. We were not shown to our room nor were we given any explanation of the hotel's amenities or facilities, which of course we were not familiar with as we had not booked to stay here! The corridors are dark, small and the carpets are dirty. The rooms are bright, nicely furnished and very comfortable. The bathrooms are tiny, cramped and the tiles in the bath are FILTHY. The scum and limescale has built up due to lack of cleaning at over head levels. A paper ordered the night before was not delivered. As we had to wait until after midday to go back to our original hotel, we checked out, settled our bill, had some breakfast and then proceeded to go back to their sister hotel. Even though a taxi had been arranged for us the day before and we were promised that another would be arranged to bring us back, the concierge were apparently unable to arrange a taxi and we had to hail one from the street! So most of our day was spent getting back to our original hotel and no acknowledgement or apology was provided. For the price charged and the hype surrounding this 'exlcusive' hotel - it ain't all that!!!	
Jul 2 2007 	it never stopped raining	The reception staff are first class,hotel just being refurbished,sack the designer,too much battleship grey,food and drink really overpriced and not up to the standard one would expect.Room clean television not working, shower,worth seeing,just to see what you can squeeze into such a tiny space.Close Harrods .On the plus side the reception staff are really proffessional.Far too expensive.j.cooke	
Mar 9 2007	Great Staff.	Myself and my wife stayed here for three nights last Feburary. From the moment we stepped into the hotel, we knew it was something special. We were met by Richie form Concierge. we cant give enough praise about this guy, From the moment we arrived to the moment we left he sorted everything out for us. Dinner Reservations ( all Spot On ), theatre tickets ( When there was none to be Found ). He seemed genuinly interestered in our stay. A rare thing these days in Hotels.Our Room was nice and very spacious overlooking the Park. Harodds was only around the corner, so location was super too.Breakfast was good with a lot of choice and the cooked breakfast was fresh and hot.Many thanks to the night porters who welcomed us home each night after dinner. Nothing was to much trouble for them.We will defenitly be back. the perfect place for a weekend break. A little pricey, but the location is worth it. I believe the hotel is located very near where Jose mourinho lives. We did not see him this time though !	
Mar 1 2007 	Not what it was...	I used to stay at The Cadogan very regularly a few years ago. I had to go to London in December and decided to stay there again. Unfortunately I didn't know the hotel had changed so much and all the atmosphere was gone. I'll try something different next time.	
Feb 26 2007 	Can't Keep the Family Away!	I have stayed in the Cadogan several times, but this was the first time with the family of 3 young children. We had stayed in Windsor the night before in an Awful hotel and on a whim I decided to surprise the family and book us in here. From the moment we met the Concierge on arrival to the next evening when he got us a taxi, the whole stay was absolutely fantastic. The rooms [beside each other]] were spacious and comfortable. The breakfasts were expansive and appealed to 5 different tastes. The service was wonderful. It is pricey, but worth every penny/cent/dime for a special occasion!	
Jan 20 2007 	The best concierge in London	We stayed a full week end in the hotel and it was great. The hotel is located in Knightsbridge which is an up market part of London.It was close to the main shopping districts and the west end.Our room was big and comfortable and the room service and full english breakfast was excellent. The staff of the hotel were supberb, friendly welcoming and very proffesional. We must give a special mention to the conceigre Richie, he is the main of the attraction of the hotel. Nothing is a problem for this guy and if you want anything in london this is the man who will get it for you. He couldn't do enough for us and he almost made us feel like family.	
Dec 17 2006	Stuffy but good	I like the Codogan almost despite myself. It is in a good location, not great for kids but reasonably near the park and the shops are all the expensive ones only but the its just a little bit ... stuffy . they still serve afternoon tea wearing tuxedos . We moved in here as we hated the Myhotel so much so in those cirumstances it was pleasant but I wont go back there	
Dec 4 2006 	A romantic weekend spoilt	My wife and I have a 1 year old baby. Both Grandparents live in Dublin while we live in London. We flew my Mother over to look after the baby while we went for a night away. We booked the hotel through a web agency specifically so that we were close to a Sloane Square restaurant. We phoned the hotel direct as well just to check availability and the safety of using one of their booking agency partners - both were positive answers.We arrived at 3pm nice and early. There was an apparent problem with the booking. They had booked a single room - even though they had the booking under MR &amp; MRS! It took them 1/2 an hour to tell us this and that we were being shifted to another hotel - a 1/2 hour taxi journey away. I told them we had specifically booked this hotel for the location, but they didn't seem to care.By the time we got to our room in our 'tourist' hotel in the other end of town it was 5pm. The Cadogan hotel didn't offer a drink while waiting - I had to ask was the drink free for the inconvenience. We had to get a 1/2 hour cab journey back to our restaurant and another 1/2 hour home.We live 45 mins door to door from the hotel, so excluding this our romantic night out consisted of 3 hours of time wasted.	
Nov 20 2006 	Waste of a weekend time and money	I wouldn't recommend the Cadogan as a place to stay in London. The only positive thing I can say about it is that the location is terrific. I checked into the hotel on Friday 17th November (for a two night stay), dropped to the door by a driver who had picked me up at Heathrow. The staff looked bored and were anything but friendly. The receptionist checked me in and accompanied me to my room, which was on the fourth floor. My initial reaction was that the room was tiny. Ok - standard double rooms in a City such as London can be small - but this took this biscuit.The decor too was very tatty and dated. I commented to the receptionist that it was very warm... her answer was to open the window. Note windows in hotels only open a few centimetres, for safety reasons. My partner met me at the hotel an hour or so later and he too instantly commented on how hot the room was. We could see that this was a recurring problem as the room had a built in airconditioning unit (which only blew out hot air), a stand alone fan and fan in the ceiling. My boyfriend told me that as it was an old building there were probably pipes in the walls increasing the heat, coupled with the fact that we were on the top floor. We went out for dinner that evening and came back to the room (we had left all fans on), but were knocked out by the heat. We called reception and asked if it would be possible to be moved, but they had no other rooms. The concierge however came up to the room with an air conditioning unit for us. This quickly solved the problem, but it was unbelieveably noisy!! The next morning we got up for breakfast, which was ok - the service was appauling - we had to ask for everything twice and the food was cold. The continental buffet was very average. After breakfast we asked if there was a possibility of changing rooms and thankfully they were able to accomodate us. We were moved to room 106 which was a far more spacious room with working air conditioning. The bed too was far superior. My only compalint with this room would be that we could hear very loud music and shouting from next door, into the early hours of the morning. In a nutshell, I would never return to this hotel - it is a complete let down and I was really surprised to read such good reviews about it here!!! Maybe I just had a bad experience, but I find that really hard to believe....	
Oct 3 2006 	Great Small Hotel	Stayed at the Cadogan for 4 nights in September. Nice small hotel in great location near Hyde Park, Harrods and other upscale shopping on Sloane St. Service was excellent thanks to Richie! Concierge also gave us 2 good restaurant recommendations. London is EXPENSIVE and at USD$300+ a night the Cadogan is actually a value.	
Jul 24 2006	The cadogan	cadogan- checkin was simple and easy, our room was quite comfortable and nicely decorated. it was a nice size, and the bathroom was nice as well. the problem were the hallways that lead you to your room. With large luggage, it was almost impossible to to get to the room through those hallways. It would also have been better if they were lighted better. There is no pool, and I didnt see a gym so it was a little disappointing. The restaurant was good for breakfast but isnt worth going to in the evening. Afternoon tea was served in the evening and was delicious. The front desk staff and restaurant staff were extremely curtious, helpful, and friendly. The conceriege helped us quite a lot as well. The room service &quot;staff&quot; were unpleasant-especially when you take advantage of the fact that the hotel has 24-hour room service : ) the location of this hotel was wonderful-right a few steps away from the best and most expensive shopping in london as well as Harrod's. All in all, The cadogan was a god hotel with some flaws, but they can easily be overlooked.	
Feb 7 2006	The Delightful Cadogan	I have just returned from a very relaxing week at The Cadogan Hotel. We were very impressed with the whole weekend; the reception staff were very kind and made us feel very 'at home'. The hotel is small and very comfortable. Our bedroom was facing Sloane Street so was very good for people watching, both me my wife and I were amazed at how quiet the hotel was considering it is in the heart of Knightsbridge!	
Feb 6 2006 	Loved it.	This is a leading hotel of the world. i really loved it. Me and my collleagues were spread in different rooms. Traditional rooms are edwardian but luxurious, some other rooms are comtemporary and very stylish, so you can go for the style you prefer. I was staying in a contemporary room, not one noise although in front of the main street. Very cosy cosy room, confortable beds, good level of room service. Also, You MUST have lunch in the restaurant and i very very much recommend the 2006 Prawn Cocktail which is served in a martini glass and 3 delightful layers of avocado, jelly and another sauce. Service was great too. If you want to live the luxurious and yet traditional english atmosphere, go there and you won't regret it. Otherwise, while shopping at Harrods or Harvey Nicks, pop in for an afternoon tea for the perfect afternoon!Hope this is useful.	
Jan 3 2006	Very nice London Boutique	Stayed in December, this is a very nice hotel. If you are tired of the chains try this. It is in an excellent location. the rooms are a bit small (surprise!) but well furnished	
Jun 25 2005 	They have destroyed its charms and character	I was a regular visitor to The Cadogan because of its location (chic Sloane Street) and history (Oscar Wilde was arrested there) and had always enjoyed the special &quot;old world&quot; &amp; &quot;club feel&quot; of it, knowing that the Management and Team were around to assist and care. However, the hotel has changed hands recently and has been transformed to another one of these &quot;hip&quot; places soon to be forgotten. The unremarkable decor looks cheap and unfinished. The prices have gone up, and the faithfull long serving staff have disappeared. I now highly recommend &quot;Number Eleven Cadogan Garden&quot; for its British hospitality.	
May 29 2005 	Good service but older-style rooms have problems	I stayed only one night at the Cadogan. Service from the front desk staff and porters was excellent. However, I was staying in one of the older style, non-refurbished rooms at the top of the hotel. This resulted in some glitches, like the shower not running hot (although I could work around this by having a bath instead) and the doorhandle coming off the door (leaving me stuck in my room). There was also no airconditioning. I felt this was a little short of my expectations of a hotel at this price range. My colleagues who stayed in other rooms had none of these experiences.	
Apr 4 2005	Love it	I love the Cadogan - I stayed here as an 11 year old with my parents and never forgot its open lift and gorgeous decor and breakfasts!! I returned with my husband last year for a three night trip to see the sights and fell in love with it again. Its very old fashioned yet luxurious, the service is excellent, the breakfast varied and of good quality. It just has such a relaxing old world charm.... Great location too with Harrods &amp; Harvey Nikcs just a stroll away, as is the Kings Road and Chelsea in the opposite direction. South Ken tube station was a five minute walk away. I would heartlily recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to escape the faceless chain hotels.	
Jan 7 2005	The Cadogan a great hotel!	We stayed three nights and enjoyed the hotel a lot. It's an intimate, 4 stars hotel (despite the not functioning on site restaurant). We had room service twice, and the food was superb. The recently redone Contemporary rooms are beautiful and spacious, service ( turn down) was perfect, we got fluffy bath robes and slippers and the rates were quite affordable. We payed 105 British Pounds, breakfast and VAT excluded, for a double room, and thought it was more than worth.Location is also fantastic, right across the the garden, and at short walking distance from both tube stations, Knightsbridge and Sloane Square. We loved tha hotel and would stay again, without a doubt.	
Dec 6 2004	NOT a 5 Star Hotel	No soundproofing in the rooms, I could hear the person in the next room talking on her telephone. This is NOT a leading hotel of the world.	
Nov 11 2003	Charming peaceful and classy	I stayed at the Cadogan as a young woman - was thrilled to find it again as a wife and mother. The rooms are updated and spotless with excellent beds and baths, beautiful breakfasts, caring staff and most of all William Morris wall papers - a real, old openwork lift - a priceless location on Cadogan Square (ask for the garden key) between Knightsbridge and Sloane Square. Don't miss it!	
Nov 23 2009 	Il meglio della professionalità e dell'accoglienza.		
Nov 2 2009 	mejor ubicacion en londres		
Jul 14 2009 	Sejour magnifique comme d'habitude		
Jun 30 2009 	un'immersione luxury British		
May 18 2009 	Trato exquisito ambiente familiar confort máximo desayuno excelente		
May 14 2009 	Séjour londonnien		
May 2 2009 	Splendida posizione attenti alla reception		
Apr 26 2009 	Accogliente		
Apr 21 2009 	So cosy !!		
Apr 18 2009 	accogliente intimo ed elegante		
Apr 1 2009 	semplicemente perfetto		
Mar 13 2009 	Pequeño-gran-encantador hotel que lo tiene todo		
Mar 12 2009 	un week end indimenticabile		
Mar 9 2009 	Bell'Albergo Centrale con un Buon Servizio		
Mar 6 2009 	Cliente affezionata		
Feb 18 2009 	????????????????????		
Feb 16 2009 	?????????		
