	Terrific Hotel-very pleased	I saw some of the reviews here and was somewhat afraid of what I would find, but what a nice hotel at a great value! Really a good neighborhood near the Kilburn Park tube stop and a short bus ride to central London on the 16 bus. Friendly staff, great breakfast, nice room, nice health club, what more could you want. Practical shopping district up from the hotel, with grocery store, Starbucks, pharmacy and restaurants. Eggy the concierge was very helpful. I would highly recommend this Marriott, and I travel alot and stay with the chain almost excusively.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great hotel!	Stayed for 3 nights in the Marriott Hotel Maida Vale. Easy to get to, less than 5 mins walk from Kilburn Park tube station on the Bakerloo line (about 15 mins in to central London). Nearby tescos express which was handy. Hotel staff were very helpful. The room was lovely, decent size, very clean, beds were made every day, large tv with some sky channels, tea/coffee replaced everyday. There was also lots of handy storage space. The room was slightly too warm when you first come in but with a quick burst of the air con it was fine. I really enjoyed my stay and would definitely go back.	
Nov 2 2009 	Reasonable - not great	It's a standard Marriot, with reasonable service. Reception staff though not always on hand. Executive lounge is weak, couple of wired internet connections only one of which is working. Otherwise there is an expensive in-room connection. Room itself was quite nice.	
Oct 30 2009 	Great hotel + ok location = great deal	We chose the Maida Vale Marriott because it was so much cheaper than staying in central London. It is actually really close (5 minute walk) to a tube stop that can put you in central London in about 15 minutes. For being half the price of a central London hotel, it had plenty of great amenities. The staff was great. The only real complaint I have about the hotel is the overzealous cleaning lady who knocked on our door at 8:00 a.m. on a Saturday morning seeing if she could get in to clean. The immediate location is nice, but there are some rougher neighborhoods nearby. You have to walk through a rougher area to get to the tube stop, but I never felt threatened going through there. The internet in the hotel is pretty pricey (6 pounds/hour, or 75 pounds/week), and you have to pay to use the internet at the business center. The complimentary breakfast is VERY English, so be prepared for some weird stuff if you are from the states. Overall a great value for staying in London.	
Oct 25 2009 	Mediocre 	The beds were just not fit for purpose! We stayed two nights,that was more than enough. Would not stay there again until they have changed all the beds!! The worst marriott I have ever stayed in and i'm a marriott rewards member. The reception were non commital when I told them.	
Oct 11 2009 	Good location	Just come back from a lovely weekend at this hotel, and have since read the previous reviews. We has a very nice time and, being just 5 min walk from kilburn park tube station, an excellent location. The staff were very friendly and helpful, and when we found our room a tad cold they instantly installed a portable electric heater. The only negative, and hence 4-star, were the Internet wifi charges; I do think a true 5-star would offer this as a complementary service (bearing in mind every thing else one is paying for...) - come on Marriot and make yourselves truely 5-star!!! Or you will become a 3 star...	
Sep 27 2009 	Worth it	This Marriott is located in a quieter area of London, only 2 blocks from a metro station. The staff were courteous and helpful, and the concierge was able to answer most of our questions. The room was a fair size, we were expecting smaller, and most importantly...quite sound-proof. We did not hear doors banging in the hallway, or people walking passed. We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 8 2009 	A Great Hotel in A Great Location w/Great Value	I got the London Marriott Maida Vale at $88 per night via bidding on Priceline and now that I've returned from my trip, I couldn't be happier.It is a 4* hotel and was in a nice, quiet building. It had all of amenities you'd expect of a 4* hotel: shower AND bath (seems to be a rarity in many European hotels), as well as a hair dryer, refrigerator, in-room safe and shampoo AND conditioner (a rarity in many hotels worldwide, it seems - I hate combined shampoo and conditioner!). The hotel itself was in a very safe and quiet residential area and only about 2 1/2 blocks from the nearest Tube station: Kilburn Park.In some of the reviews, there was concern about this particular area, but I want to alleviate that. This is a nice, quiet, multi-cultural residential neighborhood. I never once felt unsafe or threatened (even as a solo female traveler walking alone by myself late at night) and I'm still confused as to why anyone would refer to this area as &quot;dodgy&quot; in some of the reviews. It is not. It's a good area. I liked it because it wasn't touristy. It's where real Londoners live and work (maybe that's frightening to some people). There are also plenty of shops around, including a Tesco and a Primark, as well as banks, and plenty of inexpensive places to get a meal. The hotel staff were more than accommodating and went out of their way to make me feel comfortable. The Italian restaurant on-site, Fratelli, was wonderful, too - the food was wonderful and the service was impeccable.	
Aug 29 2009 	nice hotel cozy convenient	We stayed at the Marriott last week for 3 days. We had a comfortable stay. The rooms arer nice and clean. Rooms are small, though. The location is very convenient. The hotel is really in Kilburn Park, it is a 5 min walk from the Kilburn Park tube station on the Bakerloo line. Very easy to get to central london.	
Aug 27 2009 	Quick break to London	Although it looks as though the hotel is quite far from central London, we found that via tube is was only 2 changes and 15 minutes from the very heart of the city. A taxi from the centre will cost approximately £15-£20 for those who don't want to crush on the tube at busy times.The hotel is very modern with a decent restaurant and bar, rooms are fairly spacious and equipped with the usual facilities.We found the hotel staff to be welcoming, polite and attentive. The extended breakfast times on a morning are a god send for those looking to avoid an early morning rise to beat the crowd.	
Aug 25 2009 	Satisfied our expectations.	We were forewarned that hotels are different from the US standards so we weren't expecting this hotel to knock our socks off. However, we were very comfortable in the bed and room. We were planning on doing lots of walking and enjoyed the location. We were able to walk to quite a few destinations with no problems, worries, or concerns. We were on the 6th floor and faced an apartment complex. Occasionally, we could hear loud vehicles drive by but we are from a big city so we are used to the sounds of city life. We took our 2-year old who makes traveling a bit challenging.Pros: Our flight arrived very early for check-in - we had to wait a short while to check-in but were able to do so 2 hours before the actual check-in time. (Good for jet lag).Pool was a nice option to take our little one to wind him down for the evening.Comfy bed, decent location if wanting to do some touristy sight seeing. We walked to Little Venice, Abbey Road Studios, Regents Park, and the London Zoo - to name a few.Close to a Tesco, Starbucks, banks to exchange money, and cafes.Cons: Not too impressed with breakfast buffet - especially for the price. The restaurant hours were not convenient.We would return to this hotel if we wanted a good night's sleep.	
Aug 20 2009 	Good Hotel But Bad Location	The London Maida Vale is a middle of the road hotel well away from London’s city center and tourist areas. We used Marriott reward points to stay here and decided on this location because it was the least expensive of other London area Marriotts. The room was small for a Marriott but was exceptionally clean and well laid out. Like all hotels in this chain, the bed was particularly comfortable. Our fourth floor room overlooked a large apartment complex. The hotel is in a less than ideal part of London. The back of the hotel faces what appeared to be low income housing. There are security cameras (for good reason) everywhere and the parking garage is locked down like no other I have ever seen. Walking back from the tube station at night did not feel entirely safe. Due to the undesirable location alone, I would not recommend this hotel to others.	
Aug 19 2009 	poor house keeping	i stayed here with my partner and 4 children in a suite and even though the roll away bed we had requested was confirmed it wasn't delivered to our room till almost 11 at night. On the 2nd day of our visit we waited till 10pm for towels, as they took the used ones but never left new. the breakfast i will say was very tasty even though the staff looked at me like i was crazy when i said i needed a table for 6 , i could list the problems we had during our stay but wont bore you.The area wasnt scenic but i felt ok walking from tube to hotel with my parner, dont think i would've gone alone though.I would not recommend this hotel to large families.and i would never stay there again.	
Aug 15 2009 	Good Hotel with Excellent Staff	Our stay at the Maida Vale was very good. We found the staff to be pleasant and helpful. Rooms were a good size and clean. The hotel is within walking distance to Kilburn underground station and there are grocery stores and restaurants close by. I was a little worried about the neighbourhood based on a couple reviews I read here, but we found it to be okay. We traveled with two teenagers who enjoyed the use of the pool and gym. We would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 5 2009 	Better than most hotels but still some issues	Overall this hotel is good value for the $$-the rooms are huge and much bigger and nicer than most London hotels. My experience at this hotel was both positive and negative here are my thoughts:Good points-rooms are huge with very comfy beds and it is a VERY quiet hotel. Staff (especially Victor) was great. Bathroom good size and clean. Location is not central but the Kilburn Park tube station is 5 min walk. Bakerloo line takes you to Paddington and Picadilly where you can switch lines. Lots of food and businesses nearby. Starbucks and a few pubs right down the street. Check in was fast and efficient. For the rate of 100.00 GBP per night this was good value.Not so great points: For being a Marriott this hotel is still not as nice as most Marriotts. It is comparable to a US Hampton Inn so it is more likely 3 star by US standards. Huge annoyances: the floor of the lobby was being totally tore up so you had to detour around it and main front desk was closed and everything moved to smaller desk. Lines all the time. 1 Elevator was broke. The smoke alarm went off TWICE early one morning and it is very loud. Maid service spotty. Maid pretty much changed sheets, left towels, empty trashed thats it. Obvious trash on the floor was not removed. Totally ran out of toilet paper on last day. No electrical outlet in bathroom. Blow dryer hidden in desk drawer. Italian restaurant on site was actually closed on Sundays after we were told by a staff member it opened at 6pm. Do not pay for breakfast to be brought to your room, it was expensive and pancakes were not fresh. On site restaurant did have decent waffles. Don't bother with buffet-way too expensive. Room had no radio in it which was a little wierd. Internet service was a rip off at 15GBP per day so just use an internet cafe down the street for 1GBP for an hour or 50p for 1/2 hr. There was a courtesy laptop in the restaurant by the lobby to use if you needed it at no charge.There is a nice small diner right down the street called the Queens Cottage. Just turn left outside the hotel and it is on the right side next to the Queens Arms. Good value for breakfast. Overall this was a good value for the money. We paid 101.00 GBP per night which considering the size of the rooms was a good value. Rooms easily slept 4 people but we only had 2 so there was plenty of room. Room had iron, coffee making facilities, closet. TV only had about 10 stations and advertised porn on one channel and showed boobs so this might bother parents with kids as it was not blocked. There were a few crappy channels on the TV that were radio but that is it. This hotel supposedly has a fabulous gym with access from the second floor but I did not use it. Would recommend this hotel to others especially families with children.	
Jul 9 2009 	excellent value for money	We stayed in a family room with two double beds (four girls going to Take That concert!). At £110 per night it was excellent value. We just had to pay for one breakfast as the 'snooty blonde girl' at breakfast informed us that we were only entitled to 2 adult and 1 childrens breakfast - what! But it was a lovely stay, beautifully comfortable and clean room. We used the fitness centre and joined in an aqua-fit class - super! so friendly! Great position for Wembley and shopping (of course!). Definately stay there again.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great hotel if a little snooty!	I have stayed at several Marriott hotels and this one was one of the best. When we arrived we were upgraded to the Presidential Suite which was very nice, and the maids were all lovely and polite.What I will say is that the majority of the reception and breakfast staff were extremely snooty, especially the blonde woman who seemed to be in charge at breakfast time - she was horrid! They would look down their noses at us until we quoted our room number, at which point they would look at us in disbelief for a split second then start being overly nice to us, which was clearly just because of the suite we were staying in.I think the snobby looks we got were partly due to the fact we were in London and no one's as friendly as up North, plus we are young 'rockers' who'd gone to see AC/DC and pretty much everyone looks down their nose at 'alternative' people!	
Jun 25 2009 	Great hotel with a few exceptions	My wife and I stayed here for three nights last week. We just had a short time in London and needed a comfortable place to stay with easy access to the city at a decent price. This hotel fit the bill nearly perfectly.The decor is kind of modern with polished floors and countertops. The lobby and dining areas are quiet and comfortable. The staff was nothing but friendly and helpful.The location is not walking distance from any major attractions, but is only about a 5 minute walk from the Kilburn Park tube station on the Bakerloo line, which is a convenient line to get to the rest of London. Five or six good restaurants are a 5 minute walk away, including Chinese, Indian, Thai, Spanish, Italian, etc.Our room had an excellent king-size bed and linens, and the bathroom was quite nice with granite counters, bright lights, and great shower heads. The view was of the next building over, but hey, you're not staying here for the view are you? The A/C was weak, and couldn't get the room cold, but we were never uncomfortable. The TV was an ancient looking CRT set with about a dozen channels. Be warned: as another reviewer mentioned, the adult channels briefly display before being covered up by a &quot;This is a Pay Per View channel, press OK to purchase&quot; message. That was quite a shock the first time we flipped through. If you have young ones with you, I recommend you get the channels blocked at check-in (hopefully this will prevent it).The only other negative is that internet isn't free - and it's a little pricey too. I think the price tiers for use of the business center is £3 for 15 mins, £7 for 45 mins and £10 for 90 mins. A lot of the internet cafes I saw in town were £1 per hour. I'm not sure, but I think wired/wireless in-room use is the same as the business center.Overall, the hotel was just what we needed to crash at every night during our brief stay in London. At £105 per night (including breakfast), it was quite a steal IMHO (Marriott Rewards members, try code M11). I will probably try a different hotel next time, if only because there are thousands of options out there and I want to keep trying new ones.	
Jun 5 2009 	Not really a Marriott Hotel not really in Maida Vale	I checked into this hotel a couple of weeks ago. I'd read some of the reviews on here, but thought it would be a good base to get to central London, and the rate was reasonable. I spend a lot of time in Marriott Hotels, and I can say that this one is furthest away from the usual Marriott standard. This hotel is tired. All of the Marriotts in the UK were supposed to be refurbished by the end of 2008....this one must have been overlooked. On the plus side, the staff were really helpful, they were very pleasant and certainly gave a level of service I'd expect from a Marriott. However the hotel itself looks dated, the floor in the lobby is damaged/dirty. I had a room with a king-size bed, the furniture and carpets were quite old and tired. The bath tap dripped....all the time. The bathroom decor was ghastly, but the bed was comfortable, great Marriott bed. The air conditioning took ages to work, and then made loads of noise so you couldn't sleep with it switched on. The room looked like a cheap Holiday Inn dressed up as a Marriott. The hotel fitness club is a local bannatynes, it's great. They do fitness classes, have a full gym, so it's quite a good facility. There is an Exec lounge, but it's not a comfortable place to chill out and relax in. There aren't many comfy chairs, and it all looks a bit stark and unwelcoming. I did eat in the hotel restaurant a few times, and the food was good, and service was also good. Then there's the location. Ok, this is NOT Maida Vale. It's Kilburn Park. Kilburn, to be honest is not a particularly chic part of town. The local tube station plays music to keep gangs of kids away, and I didn't feel very safe walking around the area at night. There's also not much in the way of restaurants in the immediate neighbourhood. If you're in London for a couple of nights then this place is ok (make sure you get it cheap though), however if you're here for a longer-term stay, and expecting the typical 4-star Marriott hotel experience, then I'd look elsewhere.	
Jun 2 2009 	Simple and efficient	Clean rooms with a plesant staff - is what one needs when one travels across the globe to London. The Marriott in Maida vale is well located (close to train stations) and also has a very good breakfast spread. Another added attraction is the usage of the Gym, team and swimming pool. These are added attractions, when you travel on business and you need a place with good breakfast, a gym and close to transport.Maida Vale otherwise is a residential neighbourhood, but its proximity to the Picadelly and other train lines makes it a good place to stay on business trips.Marriott Maida Vale does charm you with their excellent service and their non-fussy attention to customer requirements.I have stayed there more than 4 times last year and will continue to do so in the near future.Another item that is attractive is that the room tariff is also reasonable (of course, the lesser the better), as compared to other Hotels in the vicinity. Also there are a couple of Indian restaurants in walkable distance for someone who fancies the curry!Overall, a good Hotel to stay and enjoy the breakfast in London.- Murali Krishnan	
May 25 2009 	A very nice hotel with great beds and linens.	I must say I was a little concerned after reading the negative reviews, however, I found the hotel very lovely. The new bed was the best I have ever slept on in a hotel and the new linens were beautiful. I must say, some of the Marriott properties I have stayed at in the U.S. were not as nice. I found the staff to be very helpful and attentive. My only concern is that the bathroom needed updating and the towels needed to be bleached as they were quite tired looking. We found a wonderful restaurant about a block from the hotel. It is called the Queen's Cottage Cafe &amp; Restaurant. The address is 235 Maida Vale. My husband and I ate there once every day for our eight day stay. All the food was good, but I especially liked their pancakes. They were wonderful as was their coffee! Everything was reasonably priced. Give the Queen's Cottage a try. I don't think you will be disappointed. If you remember when you go, tell them Dorothy from Dallas recommended them to you.	
May 18 2009 	Not bad - bit far out	Good price for a Marriott if you dont mind travelling a bit further on the Bakerloo line.	
May 16 2009 	A comfortable hotel	I stayed at the London Maida Vale for one night prior to attending a conference in the hotel.I arrived after a long trip from the North East, cursing the conference organisers for selecting a hotel not in central London, but was relieved to find that checking in was a pleasant experience, with helpful, friendly staff who quickly had me on the way to my room.The room was not large, but was very comfortable and certainly adequate for one night's stay. It was a little cold, but after I discovered the thermostat on the radiator it sooned warmed up. I hadn't brought any work to do, but I didn't think that the working area looked particularly comfortable, which might have been an issue on other trips.The bed was extremely comfortable - I loved the mound of pillows - and I had a really good night's sleep.I had a meal in the hotel restaurant as it was really too late to go looking anywhere else. The service was good, as was the food. I would have been happy to eat there again. Breakfast next day was also good - a great range and good service. I had lunch with the conference too and that was fine, considering there were over 70 people to be fed.I would hope not to have to travel to this area of London for a future conference, but if I did I would be more than happy to stay at this hotel.	
May 9 2009 	Fantastic value for a family	PositivesGood sized room, high quality furnishings, nice bathroom with plenty of towels, small fridge for drinks and a safe. We liked the lobby and restaurant. An excellent buffet breakfast was included (children ate for free, although when we booked we were told we would have to pay extra). The staff were friendly and helpful. There is complimentary internet &amp; printer access to allow online check-in for flights.NegativesNot very central, but tube station (Kilburn Park - Bakerloo Line) is only 5-10 minutes walk. View from our room not much to write home about. Not much privacy in room with 2 teenagers. It had 2 double beds in one space ... but OK for a short break, especially at the price.ConclusionIf we're back in London as a family we would almost certainly book again. Nearby restaurantsLittle Bay - 10-15 mins walk. Memorable and unique. Good food. Highly recommended, but not for the faint hearted or infirm - at least if you get one of the &quot;elevated&quot; tables. Luna Rossa - almost across the road. Reasonable food let down by patchy service.	
Apr 21 2009 	Excellent Hotel-Decent Clean Comfortable Beds Value-For-Money!	We are a party of 4 and have stayed in this hotel for 3 nights (2nd-6th Apr). Helpful &amp; friendly concierge. Very reasonable price for two queen size beds to fit 4 ppl for GBP 80 a night. Clean &amp; very comfortable beds with kettle and coffee &amp; tea set, ironing board &amp; trouser pressing board, vanity mirror (which my husband used to gauge the standard of hotel =p), safe fitting 2 laptops. The bathroom is also in tip-top condition.We requested for Non-smoking room but was unfortunately not available which we had to settle for a smoking one. The corridor &amp; room seemed surprisingly smoke-free. Even to my mom who is quite sensitive said it's bearable although she detected some cigarette odour. Location is good within walking distance to the Underground Station (Kilburn Park Station). Let's face it, the underground system is so comprehensive with almost every station being an interchange to one or another line, it doesn't matter if it's not in the central of all the attractions. Furthermore, for the flat rate fare you pay for the Tube, the further the more worth-it =p... btw, it's worthwhile to get the daily pass and sufficient for Zone 1-4 for GBP5.60 per day (good for the Tube &amp; Bus).With the price you pay, what more could you ask for.	
Apr 14 2009 	Not as Promised...April 12 2009	We booked a NONSMOKING, 2 double bed room for 6 nights, 6 months in advance. After traveling over 3,000 miles the hotel had us booked in a SMOKING, King size bed room. My daughter has ASTHMA and was told that the hotel was booked and they could not move us for at least two days. The hallway going to the room smelled like a bar. It was very smoky. The hotel is not actually located in Maida Vale, rather in Kilburn which is a very shady neighborhood. The tube station was a couple of blocks away, but you would not want to walk back to the hotel from there at night. The 98 or 16 bus takes you right into Central London and were very easy to use. We booked several tours through Premier Tours and they were excellent. They pick you up right at the hotel. We had asked the front desk to give us a wake up call for one of our tours, however, the call never came. Luckily we were up in time. One night the fire alarm went off at 3:00 in the morning and nearly scared the daylights out of us. We called the front desk to ask for clean mugs to have tea. A boy from housekeeping came and said that they did not have any clean mugs. He offered to take our mugs and wash them and we were ok with that. He took the mugs and walked into our bathroom and turned on the faucet. He grabbed the bar of soap we had just used to wash our hands and attempted to wash out the mugs. My mother told him to stop and we called the front desk again. We received clean mugs within a few minutes. If you book a room make sure that you have breakfast included because it is 17 pounds per person otherwise. Also if you have children be careful when clicking through the television channels. My 13 year old daughter was changing the channels and on channel 19 a porno was showing giving you the option to charge it the room. I was very upset for my daughter to see oral sex being performed. Overall I was expecting a lot more from a Marriot. The one good thing that I can say is the concerige was very helpful and nice. If you do decide to book a room, hopefully your luck will be better than ours.	
Apr 14 2009 	Decent comfortable but not amazing	This isn't the best Marriott that I've stayed in, but overall it was decent. We had a decent room, not cramped. Bathroom was a good size with good counter space for all your toiletries. Beds were comfortable. Room was quiet!! The tube was about a 6 minute walk. The tube line wasn't the most central one, but not bad. Restaurants and a Tesco supermarket were nearby, though the high street (or main street) wasn't very interesting, and not what you called upscale. I never felt unsafe, though there were a few slightly scruffy locals about, but they kept to themselves, and hey, London is a big city with all types. If you can book this at a reasonable rate, it's a fair choice.	
Apr 12 2009 	Not as promised...poor service.	I booked a room for 4 (2 adults and 2 children). Our reservations said that we would be given a room with a king, 2 doubles or a queen. I never imagined that with four people booked would they put us in a room with one queen. KEEP IN MIND THAT BED SIZES IN THE UK ARE SMALLER THAN THE U.S. QUEEN SIZE BEDS ARE ACTUALLY A FULL SIZE BED IN THE U.S. They brought up a roll-away bed but did not set it up. I think they knew that it was virtually impossible to set up with the size of the room. My husband and I had to move furniture around in order to make it fit. My 7 yr old granddaughter said that the bed was extremely uncomfortable. Our other granddaughter,age 6, had to sleep with us. The front desk said that the hotel was fully booked however they did contact us the next morning to let us know that they could move us to a room with 2 double beds for the remainder of our 6 day stay.Don't believe that you will receive anything ordered in advance of arrival through the Marriott Hotel concierge on-line service. We asked for extra towels and never received them. Service was non-existent. We called for towels to be sent to our room. They were never sent. I had to go out to the hall and track down housekeeping to get them.One day housekeeping did not come until after we left for dinner.	
Apr 6 2009 	Cheap Hotel - No Luxury...	I'm a bit amazed at some of the positive reviews given to this hotel. My guess is that most of the positive reviews were by Europeans who are just not used to the high standard of living and name-brand hotels Americans typically have in the good 'ol US of A...I booked this hotel for a very low rate from a travel site. I should have known better. I typically stay at the better Marriott/Renaissance brands in Europe, and this time I decided I didn't want to pay $300 a night, but rather wanted to see how the other &quot;four star&quot; properties were... Oh boy... First of all, the walk from the Tube Stop to the hotel at night, in the dark - don't do it unless you're a brave soul. There isn't anyone around, and Kilburn is not a good area - positively scary, especially when you meet the locals... There are &quot;social housing&quot; buildings (as the Brits call them) or &quot;low-income projects&quot; (as Americans call them) all around, and the characters that pile out from them can be scary... (sorry if this sounds like I'm discriminating, I'm just trying to be honest).Secondly, the hotel is a bit far from the center of London (20 minutes at least on the Bakerloo line), so if you want to go to the hotel to drop off a heavy bag in the middle of the day, or just to rest before dinner in-town, it's just a pain in the neck. Thirdly, the rooms aren't great. The furniture is old, the television old, the carpet sticky, the view horrendous. It's a small room too. The bathroom looks okay at first, but the tub is weird - when I stood in it, my head hit the cieling. the towels weren't white, they were gray and thin to boot.... The bed was okay - nothing special. Overall, the room just screamed: &quot;I'm tired, junk me...&quot;I'm used to better, and you should too. If you're paying $75 a night, don't mind sad and tired rooms, aren't scared by &quot;dodgy&quot; neighborhoods, and don't mind schlepping &quot;into town&quot;, this might be the place for you. On the other hand, I would recommend going elsewhere. On a positive note - I did like the people working at the hotel - uniformly, they were cheerful and very nice indeed - kudos to them for maintaining a nice attitude despite working at what I would consider a TWO STAR hotel (not four stars in my book).I hope this review is helpful to Americans who are looking to book a room in London. As you're reading reviews on this site, consider whether a European is writing the review, or an American - it can mean a big difference when you finally get to the hotel and check it out yourself with the American standard of living as a reference point.	
Mar 29 2009 	Excellent bistro found for dinner	The hotel was lovely. Swimming pool, although pretty cool temperature, a real bonus as were the sauna and steam room which, together with the gym (which we didn't use) made up the leisure club. Good location, Zone 2 for a travel card, very near tube stations. The stay was greatly enhanced by finding, on recommendation from a local we met at the leisure club, a fabulous 'cheap and cheerful' bistro called Little Bay, two minutes walk from the hotel turning right from the entrance then left into Belsize Road. Gorgeous place with candle lit tables; childrens' menu a fiver for a three course meal of starter (pasta), fish goujons and chips, ice-cream or profitorole; adult starters, mains and deserts very reasonably priced - less than 3 quid for starter, less than 8 quid for a main. A really good alternative to the over priced hotel food - highly recommend Little Bay.	
Mar 25 2009 	Decent choice to experience London	IF your reading this, it probably means your in Marriott Rewards and trying to find a reasonably priced Marriott to stay at. I'll try to give you my honest opinions and some helpful tips. Excellent:1. Access to Mass Transit. The tube is a 10 minute walk and the Busses stop within a couple hundred feet of the entrance. 2. Bed-extremely comfortable. Good:1. Surrounding neighborhood. Grocery store, starbucks, restaurants, and pubs within a comfortable walking distance. It is also a quieter area than central London. Reviewers who describe this area as &quot;dodgy&quot; must not have been anywhere urban before. Average:1.Accomodations(exluding bed). The hotel is not as new or modern as the exterior or lobby imply. The Marriott only occupies about a third of this building and the rest are private apartments. The rooms are somewhat dated and the hallways have that &quot;musty&quot; smell. note:the health club is not marriott property. You are given access for being a marriott guest. Poor:1.Internet access is $21/day2.The 2 restaurants are your standard overpriced hotel fare. The settings are nice, but the service is extremely poor and food overpriced. Several better options within walking distance. 3.Overall Service. Front desk staff seemed disorganized and fairly new. Even the most simple inquries required conferences among staff. One staff member would tell you something and another would step in and change or correct what was said.  Concierge wasn't really helpful. Tips: Buy the 7 day oyster card for zones 1 &amp; 2. These are the only zones that you really need. Also, if you take the bus, you can go into any zone without paying more. Use the busses more than the tube. it's the best way to experience london. It's like a tour each time you take one. Exchange your currency at the locations down at Victoria Station. They do it commission free. have fun	
Mar 20 2009 	not such a big luxury but for reasoable price	the location is very nice, near tube. Room was quite big, but the furniture looks a bit cheap, bed was too soft...you can use the pool and gym which is very nice....we get a deal 2 nites +1 free all together 200 pounds double r. without breakfast which is I think very nice and for such price for 3 nites it was good.	
Mar 20 2009 	Possibly the comfiest bed ever.. :)	We stayed here at the end of January 2009, for two nights, and I would recommend it. The hotel is about 10 mins walk away from the Underground Station and then about 10 mins on the tube away from Central London, so the price of the hotel makes it good value to afford the extra travel in. The staff were helpful and let us leave our luggage with them on our final day, so that we could enjoy our day without carrying it around, and collect it in the evening before our train home. The restaurant and bar were welcoming and the restaurant was good value. Our room was lovely and the bed was possibly the comfiest bed ever (see picture!). We were aware of the area, as we had read reviews, but it was fine especially with two of us.	
Feb 25 2009 	Excellent value good service near tub station	My family and I (children 3 and 7) stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. We arrived driving our own car, from Continental Europe. We parked in the underground garage without problem (just know that you have to check in first or ask the concierge to open the gate for you before getting in for the first time).I trusted this hotel for our long family weekend only because of the strenght of the Marriott name. The hotel was among the cheapest when contrasted with other options, so I was a bit suspicious. We bought the &quot;Escape your Way London Travel Package&quot; which included breakfast for everyone and accomodation in a king bed or two double. We were pleased to discover that we got two king beds )I'm not elete member or anything special for Marriott's fidelity program).Breakfast was very complete and the service in the dining room was top notch.There's a tube station two blocks away from the hotel, it's like a 10 minute walk with small children. Very convenient to reach the center of the city.	
Feb 20 2009 	Terrible housekeeping!	Having stayed at this hotel on several occasions we have never had any major problems (except from the neighbourhood, which is borderline bad). However, when we stayed a few days ago, it was the first time it was busy at the hotel and what a difference that made....The hotel room was poorly cleaned, the sheets were bloodstained(!) and housekeeping banged on the door at 09:15am in the morning wanting to come in and clean?! When I said we were sleeping, they had the audacity to ask when they could get in/come back... Well, my answer was ‘”After we have checked out today!” When calling front desk to complain, they told me we should have hung out the ‘do not disturb’ sign... OK, we could have done that if there actually would have been a sign in the room (which it was not..) but the reality is that the hotel should be organised enough to know who are checking out and NOT wake you up by banging on your door ‘early morning’ wanting to come in a clean!We will NOT go back there	
Jan 27 2009	loved it	lovely and quiet, was given a choice of rooms. the staff were very friendly and helpful. clean room, very comfortable bed. nice size room aswell. would definetly go back. got the room for £60 on priceline. 5 mins walk to the tube station. i couldnt fault it..	
Jan 25 2009 	Briliant Hotel not so great surrounding areas	We stayed at the Marriott as part of a Theatre Weekend in London.To get there we drove through Kilburn, and have to say it wasn't what I was expecting!The HotelThe hotel though, is very nice. As you walk in, it has a smart reception area, the staff were friendly and we had a trouble free check-in.The room we had was 517, and was amazing. It was really clean and spacious, and the décor was pleasant and simple.The room had a TV, but no DVD player. Also had a sofa, and an armchair, ironing board and iron and hair dryer. The bed was huge! (about 5'10&quot; wide!)The bathroom was big enough and clean, and the shower was very powerful.The ServiceThe service both at check-in and check-out was swift and friendly. The room was cleaned nicely by housekeeping, and even though a paper wasn't left outside the room, they were stacked on the table by the lifts.The staff in the restaurant in the morning were also helpful and friendly... more than can be said about some of the other guests who did nothing but complain and moan!The BreakfastThe breakfast is the usual hot buffet type. The choice is great, unless your a vegetarian, in which case your probably limited to beans, mushrooms, hashbrowns and toast!The also have an omelette stand at the end where they can make an omelette on demand, though i didnt try this.The location.The hotel is located in between Kilburn and Maida Vale. The nearest tube stop is Kilburn Park, which is about a 5 min walk away. There is also a Tesco Express just about 1 min walk awayIn summary... I would probably stay here again, especially if i got a good deal on the price of the room (which wasnt too bad when we stayed!)	
Jan 24 2009 	Awful service poor facilities. Avoid this one!	I stayed at the London Marriott Hotel Maida Vale on business in January 2009. I have previously stayed at Marriott Hotels on business and always enjoyed great service and facilities. This was the main reason I selected the London Marriott Hotel Maida Vale when I was staying in London. The nearest Underground station to the hotel is Kilburn Park, on the Bakerloo line. Turn left when you come out of the station, go up to the traffic lights and turn right. The hotel is approx.400 yards down the road, and clearly visible. It is 5 minutes walk from the Underground to the hotel.The hotel itself is at one end of Kilburn High Street, which has many late night shops and supermarkets open for things like toiletries, drinks and food. There are also some very good restaurants nearby - ask the concierge at the hotel, and he will give you a map detailing the best. However, be aware that Kilburn High street contains several pubs, and that the locals can very noisy and sometimes aggressive - they certainly were in the evenings when I was shopping!The hotel itself is a modern building, which is a well laid out and attractive reception. It has an adjoining bar where you can get reasonable priced bar meals, and a much more expensive restaurant which I didn't use due to the ridiculous prices.Check-in was fast with no problems. HOWEVER... once in my room, I experienced a number of annoying issues and poor service that were NOT addressed by staff or management:MONDAY: the television in the room had very poor reception – black interference bars on the screen, shadowing, and the majority of channels were simply not watchable. I rang reception, who said that they would send someone up to attend to it, but no-one arrived. I also ordered food and drink from room service, but only the food arrived. The drinks eventually turned up 30 minutes later!TUESDAY: No complimentary paper left outside the door. When I left in the morning, I told reception about the poor reception on the television, and they said that they would send someone up to attend to it. When I returned in the evening, items such as tea, biscuits, milk etc had not been refreshed in the room. I checked the television and reception was still poor. I rang reception, and they sent Maintenance, who agreed that the reception was very poor. They spent approx.15 minutes replacing cables and television, but the reception was still very poor. They said that they would flag it as a fault, but that there was nothing else that could be done. For the rest of my stay, the majority of channels on the television were unwatchable.WEDNESDAY. No complimentary paper left outside the door. In the evening I ordered room service, but when it arrived it was the wrong order. I rang “At Your Service” who apologised and said that the correct meal would be sent up. This eventually arrived over an hour after I ordered my original meal. I was still charged for this meal on my bill.THURSDAY. NO HOT WATER IN THE ROOM! I rang reception who said that there was a fault and the only option would be to take a shower in the adjoining Health Club. No complimentary paper left outside the door. When I returned in the evening, items such as tea, biscuits, milk etc had not been refreshed in the room.This is not a level of service I would expect from any hotel, let alone a Marriott Hotel.On the plus side, the room was clean, and all bathroom fittings worked. I used the pool in the adjoining Health Club - this is only a small pool, and more for relaxation rather than swimming. There is also a sauna and a steam room. However, families should be aware that children are not allowed in the pool after 6pm.I will not be staying at the London Marriott Hotel Maida Vale again!	
Jan 3 2009 	Good Accommodation For The Price	I stayed in this hotel for one night just before Christmas for a shopping/sight seeing trip with my mother. I paid $106 through a successful Priceline bid and I felt I got excellent value for money.After reading this review, you might want to check out my review of the Marriott Regent's Park, where I stayed the December before. They are comparable hotels in terms of style, price and distance to the city centre.The room was comfortable and well appointed in Marriott style. It was quite small, but contained two double beds which is good, bearing in mind that twin in London generally means two singles. The bathroom, also small, was freshly decorated in marble and granite.The hotel has an an Italian restaurant, specialising in pizza and I thought the meal we had there was nice and quite good value. There is a bar, which we didn't use, but it looked very cool - lots of booths, sofas and candlelight (very W).It's about a 7 minute walk to the nearest tube station and a 10 minute ride into central London. Immediately surrounding the hotel is a colourful and bustling residential and small retail business area, with plenty of cafes. You are well placed for a visit to Little Venice.I cannot decide which of the two hotels I like more. The Regent's Park one is more spacious in its public areas and has bigger rooms (with balconies), but Maida Vale has the better restaurant and bar. Regent's Park is more convenient for parking, but the tube ride from Maida Vale is a bit shorter. I would probably go with whichever one had the best deal, and going through Priceline, I would be pleased to get either.As I nearly always do with these reviews, I want to emphasise that it was very good for the price paid - I don't think it is good value at the full rate.A tip. The hotel is located in the arrowhead where two busy streets converge, with one wing on one street and one on the other. In the middle is a courtyard. The rooms that overlook the courtyard are very quiet, whereas I suspect the ones overlooking the streets will suffer from the noise of heavy traffic.	
Dec 31 2008 	Recommended hotel for a one night stay	Room was reasonable size and very clean. All staff were very helpful and polite. Room service was delivered quickly. 10 min walk to tube station. Ideal for a one night stay/short break in London. Secure underground car park availbale to £25 per night. Very happy with the stay, would return again.	
Nov 15 2008 	Excellent Service	We stayed here in November of 2008, my husband and I and our 5 teenage kids. We had two rooms, both very tidy and clean. We arrived a few hours before check in and were still able to check in right away which was great after an 8 hour flight. Housekeeping was excellent. Rooms were a decent size for the UK. Wake up calls were prompt and front desk staff very helpful with any questions we had about where things were or how to get there.The blow dryer was in the desk drawer which was a little weird but it worked out great as I could do my hair while someone else was in the bathroom!Tube station was a short walk of less than 5 minutes-Kilburn Road. We didn't use the health club or pool so I can't say anything about them. There was a complimentary paper every morning which was nice and the tea and coffee was replaced every day. Very nice experience!	
Oct 19 2008 	OK but maybe worth the low price	I was made so nervous by the reviews on here that I booked this hotel for only half of my six day visit to London. In the end, I thought both the extreme negative and extreme positive reviews overstated the point.On the plus side:Relatively large roomNice televisionInternet worked easily and wellComfy bedOn the negative side:I got a smoking room even though I requested a non-smoking room.Blow drier nowhere to be foundInternet overpriced at 15 pounds per dayIn the middle:The English breakfast was fine and the staff helpful, though they did neglect my tea one morning. The continental part of the breakfast buffet is rather half-heartedI would prefer either the Telegraph or the Guardian to the Times (odd preferences, I know, but they are, in different ways, the least like what I can get in the US)The neighborhood is not as dodgy as some make out. The hotel is right on the edge of a fairly posh area and the walk from the Kilburn Park tube station is short and there are lots of people out even fairly late, so it feels at least as safe as some parts of central London.	
Sep 29 2008 	Not in Maida Vale!	Stayed here a couple of nights last week. We were on the business floor so the room was quite a good size with a king sized bed. I do hate rooms where the window is locked (there was a note about the air conditioning) but air con is not good for everyone especially my asthmatic husband and I always wish one had the option. Everyone was very helpful (especially the concierge re car park) and the food was good when we had a light supper in the restaurant. It's a bit of a con to call it Maida Vale as it is in Kilburn High Road some distance after the road and area called Maida Vale ends! This caused a bit of confusion with a cabbie and had we not had some local knowledge could have been very confusing for tourists. Overall it was fine, we needed to be in that area visiting someone but it was £14 back in a taxi from the west end which tourists should be aware of it they think it is central.	
Aug 21 2008	Good Value - would stay here again	I chose this hotel because of favourable Tripadvisor reviews and was not disappointed. Our standard double room was a good size with a massive, comfortable bed and quality bedlinens. The bathroom was also very good - spotless &amp; well kitted out with toiletries, fluffy towels and a powerful shower. The buffet breakfast was plentiful, varied and of a pretty good standard. My husband particularly liked the porrridge which he said was delicious!The location of the hotel is not what you would call central, but it's a maximum 5 minute walk to the Tube which gets you into town in about 20 mins. I think the room rate was good value (£128 a night for bed and breakfast for 2 adults and 1 child on a Family Package) perhaps because it's not bang in the centre of things, but the more central Marriotts were much more expensive and (for us, anyway) the location was not a problem at all. What impressed me most about the hotel was the staff - friendly and welcoming at all times, they really helped to make our stay enjoyable. In a city where indifferent service is quite common, the high standard of service here really stands out.	
Aug 12 2008 	some good some bad	We stayed here for one night in a fab suite with living room,kitchen etc.We had access to the executive lounge which was worth it as the kids has a never ending supply of free lemonade and crisps They served samosas in the evening too .We had a nice meal of pitza that night and the staff were very keen to please.The break fast was not great, the toast was like tesco value it was so thin.The waitress kept saying we were not on the inclusive package over and over again and we kept saying no problem.It was very multi cultural, our children were amazed to see all the different types of dress.The spa was DREADFULL. there was grime all around the sides of the pool and people had written in it &quot; I eat birds&quot; which was really odd .It was small and mouldy and in the basement .It is owned by Duncan Ballantyne( dragons den).Even my kids didnt like it. We had sore throats the next day which I think was the dirty water.	
Aug 9 2008 	We liked the Marriott Maida Vale	Nice place to stay...very clean with a very nice breakfast. It was only a five minute walk from the Kilburn Park station, so it was easy to get around on the Underground to see the sites in London. It was more reasonably priced than other hotels because of its distance from downtown. We were worried that it would be too far from the main attractions, but this turned out to not be the case because of its accessibility to the Underground.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great Marriott in London	We visited this hotel several times now, and having tried other similarly priced Marriott hotels in London, we keep coming back. The staff were very friendly and helpful, we got upgraded every time for being Marriott rewards members, breakfast was fab and the pool (although a bit small) is really nice and well cared for. We had complimentary use of the executive lounge every time we visit, and its great in the afternoon/evening for relaxing and having a bite to eat. You almost dont need to go buy dinner unless you are very very very hungry! On one trip we had dinner included in the resturant, I believe it was a Valentines package, which was very very nice (for a Hotel resturant!) and the staff were fantastic. The tube station is about a 5 minute walk. The hotel seems to sit smack in between a very posh area and an area compromising of high-rise council flats. The walk from the tube to the hotel was a bit scary one weekend evening when a group of kids were congregated at a bus stop, but you would probably only feel a bit vulnerable if you were an 'obvious' tourist (ie carrying a map or your suitcases!) if it was late at night/dark. I would probably be slightly cautious at night now having seen that. During the day it is fine. As a keen runner, the hotel staff gave me a fab jogging route - admittedly it was around the 'posh' area - but I felt perfectly safe on a morning running alone with my I-pod on. There is a convenient Tesco Express just down the road, fab for getting a drink or bite to eat when you dont want to spend hotel prices! There doesnt seem to be any restaurants around locally, so I would recommend getting a room with breakfast included and dinner whilst out and about in Central London.	
Jul 15 2008 	Excellent overall experience at Marriott Maida Vale	Stayed at the Marriott Maida Vale 18-22 June with my wife and two teenage daughters and it was extremely comfortable. It takes about 30 minutes to get to most places, but bus and underground service is easily accessible and gives you a much better feel for &quot;living like a local&quot;. Best of all, the management staff was superb. We had a mix up where our daughter's luggage got put into another guest's car. Catherine Lassan, one of the hotel managers, took care of everything including locating it and forwarding on to our apartment in Dublin. I highly recommend the Marriott Maida Vale.	
Jun 19 2008 	Yet another great stay at the Marriott Maida Vale	This was the 3rd time I stayed here. My parents flew over to visit me from Canada, and I booked a room with 2 double beds, non-smoking. It said at booking that the room could not be guaranteed, but as usual, I was not let down. As my parents flew in very early in the morning, I was very pleased to hear they were able to check in as soon as they arrived. Our 2 double bed, non-smoking room was ready just after 8:30am. My parents could not stop talking about how comfortable the bed was, and how it was a welcome retreat after the hassle of flying into Heathrow. We had a lovely dinner in the restaurant downstairs, and as usual, the breakfasts were superb, although a little busy with a wedding party staying there. Even with all the guest there that weekend, we didn't hear any noise in the hallways, and had a very peaceful, quiet sleep.I've been to so many different hotels in the last few months, and I always look forward to this hotel when I'm in London.	
Jun 12 2008 	Excellent hotel for families	I was a little concerned after reading some of the negative reviews on this site, but my fears were entirely unfounded. My husband, two kids, and I spent 9 nights at the hotel. The room was a little smaller than a Marriott would be in the US, but it worked out fine. The room had two beds which appeared to me to be queen sized, but the hotel called double beds. The bathroom was a good size, and up to date. My only complaint about the hotel was that the bathroom could have been better ventilated. The room was kept very clean, and the staff worked around our schedule for getting out in the morning. Our rate included breakfast for two, and the kids' breakfasts were complimentary. The breakfast was served buffet style, but everything was fresh. My husband ordered an omelet every day because the buffet scrambled eggs did look a little nasty. The service was excellent and cheerful throughout the hotel. The kids really liked the pool, which is heated and indoors. The hours of the pool for children end at 6 pm, though, which I did not like. The location of the hotel is not central. With kids, though, sometimes it's better to be in a quieter, residential neighborhood. The immediate neighborhood is pretty urban and commercial, so there's no problem finding the services you need like a cash machine, drugstore, coffee place, and inexpensive ethnic restaurants. If you walk east over the hill, there are a bunch of restaurants on or near Abbey Road that we liked a lot. Transportation is fine; the Kilburn Park tube station is about four minutes away, the overground train station is about 5 minutes away, and there are good bus routes near the hotel that take you to Oxford Street or Camden Town. (The double-decker bus is the highlight of my son's trip to London.) I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
May 30 2008 	Amazing Service	My husband and I stayed at the Maida Vale for 3 days as a stop-over on our way to Germany. The hotel was beautiful, the beds comfortable, very close to a tube station, but nothing compares to the amazing staff. After we had checked out of the hotel and arrived at the airport, we realized that we had left our passports in the Safe back in our room. We immediately called the hotel, gave them the safe code and asked them what our options where. They were so incredbliy helpful and sent a hotel taxi on an emergency run to the airport with our passports. We received out passports in plenty of time and can not thank the staff enough for all of their help. We would stay there again in an instant!	
May 6 2008 	Convenient location	We actually shared a room with another couple during this trip, making it somewhat cramped; however, we generally left the room each morning and only came back at the end of the day after sightseeing and eating dinner. Despite the close quarters, our stay there was very comfortable. We never ran out of hot water and the room was cleaned every single day. We started the day with their breakfast, which was pretty filling. My husband particularly loved the buttermilk drink they served. We also found an Indian fast-food kind of place down the street that had inexpensive but tasty meals. We ate here one evening before heading out for a night on the town. We also ate at the Little Bay restaurant mentioned in another review and loved it. I was somewhat disappointed to learn it was a chain...experiencing it to be unique and very good quality. It took us some time to get to the city center, but the train is not too far away and many of the sights in London are within walking distance of each other. The area surrounding the hotel can looked a little unsafe, but we did not have any problems here even when we returned late at night. The hotel staff were always friendly and courteous. They even helped us with recommendations for dining out.	
Apr 28 2008 	Good location and great rooms	Marriott Maida Vale. Marriotts most distant inner London offering but very easy to reach…use the overground and its only 2 stops and a quick left out the station it’s a 5 minute walk…the underground station is a bit more complex but a slightly shorter walk however the no changes required for Euston makes the overground a better solution with 3 days baggage. In other reviews I have stated Marriotts in London can be dramatically overpriced…but there is little rhyme or reason to it…on this occasion we got the room on a b+b basis for £109 night, Marriott is definitely worth a reasonable premium over the other 4 star chains…I would say an extra £20 night and with midweek prices in London at good 4 star properties standing at about £100 room only, b+b at Marriott for £109 night is good. This is a typical Marriott offering…spotlessly clean with all facilities working…wonderfully comfy beds and a good sized room. Only small point is the small bathroom, ordinary sized by London standards but nonetheless small for Marriott and the tiny wardrobe in which you’ll fit no more than 6 or 7 outfits, ok for 1, a squeeze for 2 persons clothes. Nonetheless the position is good and it upholds Marriotts high quality brand image excellently. It has a good working desk for business and all staff are both knowledgeable hnd helpful.	
Apr 23 2008 	Standard Marriott in quiet out of the way neighborhood	I have stayed at Marriott Maida Vale on several occasions for business travel. It is located in the quiet Maida Vale area northwest of Paddington station. It is not centrally located but has convenient access to Bakerloo line on the tube. The rooms are large by London standards and appointed to typical Marriott tastes (there's no doubt you're at a Marriott not a trendy boutique hotel or comfy bed and breakfast). The staff have been friendly and helpful on my trips there including allowing early check in from overnight flights and moving me from a room with a little too much noise (there was a film being made during one of my visits).	
Apr 17 2008	Great location 	Our stay: 4/2 - 4/6) We checked in very late on 4/2 (11:30 PM) upon arrival to London. They were nice during our check-in and after making our way to our room, 722, we we headed back downstairs for a quick drink before passing out from exhaustion (traveling all day!). We hadn't noticed that our confirmation receipt entitled us for breakfast during our stay, but we handled that the next day.The room wasn't very large, but I didn't expect an oversized room from reading past reviews, but for the amount of time we were actually in the room, it didn't really bother us. Our view left a bit to be desired, but again, we weren't in the room that much during the daylight hours.The shower was extremely high so it was quite a climb into and out of it each morning, but it made us laugh. The water was always hot and the pressure was fine. The hair dryer in the room wasn't the best, but I found a better one in the drawer of the desk, why it was there I have no idea. Plus, it was screwed into the drawer so my reach was very limited.I tried to be &quot;green&quot; and not leave my towels on the floor or in the tub to be replaced, but they replaced them each and everyday no matter what I did. The safe worked perfectly as well as the fridge to keep our bottled water cool.So, the next day when we returned to the hotel I had my husband go downstairs to inquire about getting us breakfast, thank goodness I had that receipt with me. Apparently the guy at the desk said that because we missed our first day of the breakfast there was nothing he could do to, but offered my husband to speak to the manager. The manager was gracious enough to fix the situation and we got breakfast each morning for the remainder of our stay.1 1/2 blocks away was a small convenient store, Tesco, where we were able to get snacks, drinks, etc. You cross the street at this Tesco for a short walk down the block to the Kilburn tube station. It couldn't have been easier to get to and from the tube station and we always felt safe no matter what time of night we got home. The staff was always very nice and the concierge desk was there to help and if they didn't know the answer they didn't hesitate to make a call or 2 to find the answer. The staff in the bar off the lobby was really gracious and very pleasant. Upon check-in the staff provided us with a map of local restaurants and we tried the Thai restaurant that was a short walk away, Bhan Thai. It was really good! There were other restaurants that we would have tried, but we were limited on days. Our last night we tried a GREAT restaurant, Little Bay. It was also a short walk from the hotel, we went with our friends upon their recommendation as they frequent this place a lot. That was a wonderful meal! We also saw that we were close to The Beatle's Abbey Road. We had reservations for the EuroStar for Sunday afternoon to head to Paris for the 2nd part of our vacation and early Sunday morning it actually SNOWED! It was great to see the snow and it was fun to talk to some of the staff who don't get to see it that often.Overall, it was a pleasant stay and we'd most definitely return to when we come back to London. The location is great for the local tube station and only a 7 minute drive (or 2 tube stations away if taking the tube) to my friend's house where we spent some time. I would recommend this hotel.	
Apr 14 2008 	A reasonable hotel let down by maintenance and service	Booked through Marriott website and got a good deal: so far so good. On arrival at hotel, told we were upgraded to an executive room: very nice too. On further examination of our bill, found that we had paid for an executive room, so weren't upgraded. We were left the uncomfortable feeling that we were paying 30 GBP more than the couple next to us for the identical room. Reception wouldn't upgrade us to a Junior Suite. Entered good-sized, reasonably appointed room and were overcome with the heat. Air conditioning didn't work, so made first call to maintenance. Opened minibar, found fur growing on the shelves. Made second call to maintenance. Turned on television, then could not turn it off. Made third call to maintenance. Everything fixed, but the first three hours at the hotel were used to fix the shortcomings in the room. Went to the Executive Suite, key card didn't work; it wasn't programmed correctly.The Executive Suite itself was a disappointment, no free wi fi for PDA, only cable connection. Rarely saw a member of staff so tea and coffee ran out. Lastly, on checking out, tried to charge us 25 GBP for 1 1/2 hrs parking. Complained about shoddy service at the time and wrote a letter of complaint afterwards. No one deigned to reply.Definitely could do better.	
Mar 31 2008 	Great Hotel Friendly Staff	Went on a long weekend to London with my wife &amp; my 7 yo son. Was by far the most reasonable 4 star hotel we could find, &amp; with the bonus of the use of the pool.After reading some of the reviews, i was a little apprehensive before we arrived, but no such trouble at all once we were there.Ok, Killburn isn't Knightsbridge, but we went walking around in the dark at 9.30pm after dinner or returning from the centre from the tube &amp; I always felt totally comfortable. My wife went out by herself afterwards to go to the nearby supermarket aswell, again, becasue she felt comfortable &amp; unthreatened doing so.Back to the hotel - It was really welcoming, &amp; the staff were very helpful. The room itself was really spacious, &amp; that includes the Queen sized bed! We didn't have the fold-up guest bed in the room for my son on arrival, but a call to reception &amp; it arrived already made-up within 10 minutes. I have some minor grumbles, but in comparison to what can often happen, it really was minor! On our first night we thought that we must be below a function of some kind even though we were on the 2nd floor. This was because every half hour or so there was a noise like a chair being pushed back on a hard floor. A quick look the next day showed it was just another room above, so i listened more closely &amp; i think it was something to do with the heating pipes or something! Either way, it wasn't bad enough that we wanted moved.Secondly, &amp; probably most importantly, the window is completely sealed so you cannot allow any &quot;fresh&quot; London air in the room! There is an air ducting system controlled in the room, but it had to be on all night or we woke up feeling really blocked-up!I understand security issues in hotels, but it would have made such a difference even if it could be opened an inch - or there was a decent vent on it. We were waking up desperate to get out to get fresh air!Overall though - very good - &amp; we would definately go back.We never ate in the hotel, but i cannot recommend strongly enough, a small Thai restaurant cum takeway on Kilburn High Road called Spicy Basil. From the hotel walk past the Kilburn High Road overground station for about half a mile, &amp; it's on the left. If you dont mind basic &amp; no alcohol license it is the freshest, most tasty, cheapest Thai food I have ever eaten! We went twice out of 4 nights!! It was full of locals &amp; on our second visit we had to queue for 10 minutes for a table. That should speak for itself !!	
Mar 25 2008 	Great Stay	Stayed here for 2 nights, through British Airways when booking our flights. I was expecting a average hotel a ways out of central London, and was very surprised with what we found. Easy quick walk from the Kilburn Tube stop, beautiful hotel, large clean rooms, and an overall enjoyable stay. Would certainly reccommend for anyone on a budget that requires a nice clean roomy accomodation. Dont let the distance from the centre of London discourage you, as the tube is quick easy and efficient.	
Mar 25 2008	Maida Vale Marriott	I consistently stay at the Maida Vale Marriott for work and I have very few complaints about this hotel. The rooms are not large but are on a par with other London hotels. I have always found my rooms clean and tidy.I am surprised at the comments on the staff because London is a multi cultural city and as English is a second language of some of the employees you may have to occasionally repeat yourself. But this is no different to many other businesses in London. I have always found the staff helpful and on a number of occasions they have gone out of their way to secure me a room when I have arrived off a long haul flight. The porters always have a smile and hold the door open for me. The area is most definitely Kilburn but if you are streetwise it is not such a bad area. If you want to eat locally I can recommend some local bars and restaurants within walking distance. Luna Rossa - 45 Kilburn High Road - This is a low key Italian place just up the road from the hotel. The Clifton - 96 Clifton Hill - This is a traditional old pub that is nice for drink or some basic food. It is about 5 minutes walk from the hotel heading towards St Johns Wood. The Warrington Hotel - 93 Warrington Crescent - This has been purchased by Gordon Ramsey and is a traditional old pub. It is about a 20 minute walk from the hotel towards Warwick Avenue tube. The Waterway - 54 Formosa Street - This a more upmarket modern bar beside the canal. Again it is about a 20 minute walk from the hotel and great on a sunny day. The E Bar - 2 Warrington Ave - This is a little spanish tapas bar. Supermarkets - There is a Tesco Metro within 50 metres plus a Marks and Spencers a couple of minutes down Kilburn High Road. Walking - If you venture for a walk down towards the Warwick Avenue tube and the canal area you will also find some other little gems of restaurants. A weekend afternoon walk round this area is a great way to fill an hour or so. The closest tube is Kilburn Park, about 5 minutes walk from the hotel, which takes about 20 minutes into Central London and the Bakerloo Line is fairly reliable. The Kilburn High Road train station is up on Kilburn High Road and there are trains into Euston every 20 minutes however the 'Overground' line can sometimes be unreliable. Black taxis may not be that available due to the area but the hotel can call you one or call a mini cab.	
Feb 13 2008 	Much Much Better than expected!	We have just returned from a weekend at the Marriott. Having looked at reviews before we travelled I have to say I was not really looking forward to it. Let's get one thing straight - this hotel is in Kilburn not Maida Vale! But don't let that deter you. If you want a very good hotel outside of London with good/fair transport links (our tube line went down Sat night/Sun morning) then I would have no problems in recommending this hotel.However, in saying that we did have some minor issues. Firstly, I did not choose this hotel - it was included with a package to a football match. The first room we were given (2nd floor) was fab - no complaints so far. Went out and about in London town and returned (frustrated a bit by the tube) at approx. 12.30 a.m. Little did we know that our room was above the function room and we were treated to Abba's Dancing Queen for starters. I immediately phoned reception and asked to be moved. He couldn't have been more apologetic. Within about 10 mins there was a knock on the door and we were given a key to a room on the 4th floor. Again an apology was offered. Great service I thought! Got to the new room on the 4th floor, unfortunately it was a smoking room (I'm off them about 6 weeks so this was not good for me!!!) and the other downside was it faced the main road - traffic was very noticeable. I would have asked to be moved there and then, but I was persuaded (by my partner) to stick it out for the night. Room itself was perfectly fine with the exception of the smoky smell.Had breakfast delivered to our room the next morning, not great - but I find this with most room service breakfasts. After breakfast I phoned reception to ask about being moved (again) to a non-smoking room. No problem! As we would be out for most of the day we were asked to have our luggage ready and they would move it to a new room. Upon arriving back to the hotel later that evening we asked in reception for our new room key - the girl was also very apologetic. We were back on the 2nd floor and the room was fine and our luggage delivered. Not as big as our original room but I had also requested a room at the back of the hotel and been assured there was no function on later that evening.Breakfast the next morning (in the dining room) was much better as it was fresh.All in all, even though we changed rooms twice, I would say that the service we received and the rooms we had were perfect. The staff couldn't have been more helpful and friendly - even though we were fussy customers! If you're booking this hotel I would suggest that you request a room away from the main road and on an upper floor.	
Feb 5 2008 	Comfy bed Good transport links	There have been some rather wide-of-the-mark statements made about this hotel - people saying &quot;the area is dangerous.&quot; Granted, it may not be most salubrious area of London, but some hotel chains have put their name to hotels built in areas much, much worse than Maida Vale/Kilburn. Anyway, onto the review - check in was efficient (the bellboy even introduced me to the check-in staff, never had that before!!)and staff were willing to help with any request you had, and grovellingly apologetic if they had run out of something as trivial as screen wipes for your laptop. Room was spacious, clean and the king size bed was very comfortable to say the least (needed after the day from hell in meetings). Didn't eat in the hotel, so I can't comment on the food, but the Luna Rossa Italian restaurant over the road from the hotel did excellent, reasonable food and also did take-away so I just bought in pizza and pasta from there and ate it in the room.Transport links are fine. Bakerloo Line runs to Kilburn Park (about 5 mins from the hotel) throughout the day, and the London Overground runs from Kilburn High Road just 2 mins up the road from the hotel and gets you to Euston in less than 10 minutes. Just remember to get an Oyster Card!All in all, a pleasant and confortable stay. I'd recommend it to others. I have stayed in better Marriots than this one, but that doesn't mean that this is a bad hotel.	
Feb 3 2008 	Fine Hotel but some details went wrong	The Marriott in Maida Vale is easy to reach by car if you are coming from the North of England. The rooms are fine and the beds are pleasant by London standards. We stayed there a number of times. We booked the Hotel via the Marriott websitre and need to point out that the option to include breakfast is worth it as the breakfast is very goodThe other option is to add a travel pass for the underground to your hotel reservation. The value is 5.3GBP (January 2008) so for 2 people this looked like a worthwhile option. However when we arrived the staff was not very well informed about this booking option and things did not go smoothly. We did not get them the first day and the second day we had to ask twice and got them after waiting 45min. so not a recommended booking option. They also increased their garage prices to 22GBP per night and the VAT is not included in their indicated pricing if you reserve the hotel on their website. Charges of around 2-3GBP each for a local London telephone call making enquiries mean that this hotel is not really a bargain on weekendbreaks anymore.	
Feb 2 2008 	Not your typical Marriott stay	We always try to stay at Marriott hotels because we typically get very good service and clean rooms. Therefore I picked Marriott London Maida Vale for our stay in London in June 2007. I knew it was some distance from Central London but because we were using Marriott points for our stay I was ok with that because this location required fewer points for our stay. The hotel is about 10min walk from a subway station which gets you to central London fairly quickly. The weekend we were there was the weekend when London had the 2 car bombs disarmed. For that reason we were actually glad that we were not staying in Central London. We had 2 rooms reserved. They were not connecting rooms as we had requested, they were actually on the opposite ends of the hallway. The rooms were small but clean. The bathroom was clean as well. However we had no hot water in one of our rooms and it took 3 phone calls to the front desk to get someone to check it. The front desk treated us like we were stupid and did not know how to turn the hot water on. Finally someone comes and checks the shower just to make a statement that &quot;you are right, no hot water&quot;. After that it took over 1 hr to get someone to come and fix it (broken part).The floor we were on smelled like curry so strongly that it made me nauseated. I don't usually complain about that kind of stuff but the smell truly was unbelievable.We stayed there for 2 nights and both nights in the middle of the night the fire alarm went off. That was scary considering the weekend we were there (car bombs). After the first night the management sent a letter to each room explaining the alarm but nothing after the second night. Maybe it was the curry smell that made the smoke alarm go off.One of the rooms did not have a tea kettle but the other room had one. When we asked for one they told us that the hotel does not provide one. When we pointed out that the other room has one we got no answer and no tea kettle.The A/C in one of the rooms didn't not work right, the room got extremely hot during the night.I wrote a long list of my complains after our stay and I was going to write a letter to the management ( I honestly think I had other complains also besides the ones I listed on this review but I don't remember them anymore, I just remember my list being long). However they had credited our Marriott account with 20 000 points, not sure if it was a mistake or a credit for our unpleasant stay. Therefore I decided not to write the letter.	
Jan 8 2008 	Marriott should remove their name from this hotel	This Marriott is completely sub-par and below the standards of Marriott Hotels. The front desk agent was not well presented in representing the hotel and was not a good first impression.The location is dismal. I booked knowing that it was not in the heart of the city, however, it was in an area that was in the &quot;slums&quot; of the city, plenty of cheap bargain stores steps from the hotel.The room was the quality of a 2* motel 20miles outside of the city. Amenities were completely outdated, plastic, taps were tarnished and stained. One day we received 3 wash cloths, another day we received 1, another day we didn't have any and I had to call down for 1. Towel quanitites were not consistent either. Housekeeping cleaning was non existent, ie: kleenex left on the floor when they cleaned the room.Beds were old &amp; &quot;stale&quot;.Waste basket, hot water kettle etc were cheap dollar store type quality.	
Nov 8 2007 	Horrible hotel	I spend 3 nights during a business trip. I don't understand how this can be really a Marriott?! The location is disaster, I was with another girl and we were advised by the very polite consierge not to hang around the district, coz it is dangerous. The room had a strange smell and the bathroom was dirty and with old equipment. Restaurant is a desaster too, I had some overpriced something like spaghetti. The only good thing was the staff, very nice and polite, actually too good for this hotel.	
Oct 7 2007 	You get what you pay for	Stayed here for 4 nights in early September with my wife. The room was tiny - and that was AFTER we got upgraded to the club level. The service was quite bad. The operator and the front desk perpetually seemed understaffed and no one would pick up the phone at guest services. The staff can barely speak any English and many of the concierges reeked of ciggarettes. One of them seemed like a Russian mafioso type and actually put his hand around my shoulder while giving me directions! They also had these private cars available outside instead of calling cabs. We later found out they were getting a cut from the driver when he called the drivers cell phone while we were in the car and asked him how much we paid him!!! They nickel and dime you for everything including using the internet in the business center. This is unlike any of the other Marriots in London where I have stayed before......those were definitely a class above. But its cheap (relatively) and the rooms are clean and standard Marriot furniture. The housekeeping staff seemed to consist of grandmotherly women who looked like they were flown in directly from old communist states - they didn't speak a word of english. This place could use a good manager and staff. Only one front desk employee was helpful and polite - a smallish young Indian chap. The rest of them seem like they are doing you a favor or generally dis-interested. The concierge staff was generally clueless about anything and just &quot;hanging out&quot;. I could have sworn the place was being run by the Russian type concierge since everyone seemed to be afraid of him. Very shady feeling.Verdict: If you want to save money, this is a good place to lay your head. Location was not bad but if you are looking for excellent service and to be pampered while you are in London - avoid.	
Sep 30 2007 	If you like other peoples smoke then stay here.....	We booked our trip 3 months ago for my sister's 40th. I travelled the night before as I live in Wales. There was a fire alarm the night we arrived which evacuated the hotel. There were about 50 guests outside.My sister and her young family arrived at 10.30 the next day with my elderly mother to be told the only 2 rooms available were on the smoking floor.(us having booked so long beforehand and the hotel being practically empty the night before!Ibumped into a couple checking out and asked what floor- it was the room opposite mine on the non smoking floor. So obviously non smoking rooms were available. I cannot explain their unhelpfulness but the smoking floor was awful and I am not entirely sure legal given the smoking fumes all through the hall .Furthermore we were told if we booked again we could not guarantee a non smoking room. So be warned.Apart fro £10 quid for a gin and tonic in the bar which I thought was a bit steep the rest of the hotel was ok. But only stay here if you like other peoples smoke!	
Sep 26 2007 	Pleasant hotel	Friendly, helpful staff. Large room, alhough I was upgraded so cannot comment on others. Restful night, despite busy road.Food (in room) average to good. Prompt service. Concierge excellent, early morning car organised. Not fond of &quot;brand&quot; hotels, but this Marriott worth another stay.	
Sep 8 2007 	Nice Hotel Shame About The Location	Comfortable rooms, well furnished. Had everything you need (bath/shower, safe, TV with Sky etc). The only meal I took in this hotel was the buffet breakfast. This was very impressive with hot and cold food. Coffee was served promptly and I didn't have to wait for a table as I've had to do in some London hotels.The bar is ideal for that last drink in the evening after visiting the Theatre etc. As draft beer wasn't available I was given a free bottle of beer! Prices seem slightly expensive, but this is London don't forget!The health club is a bit of a walk along the corridor (I think you have to go through a residential block which isn't part of the hotel). I didn't use the gym but enjoyed the swimming pool. Not particularly big but for a London hotel to have any pool is a huge bonus. One constructive criticism I'd make is that it doesn't open until 9:00 am on Sundays, which doesn't leave you much time if you need to get to the other side of London by midday.The main drawback of this hotel is the location. The nearest tube is quite a distance from central London. Also, it's almost a ten minute walk from the nearest tube. Not a problem in daylight but the streets are not well lit at night. You can take a bus from near the tube but again you have to negotiate a badly lit street. I could easily scored this place 4 out of 5, but for the location.	
Aug 27 2007 	Certainly wouldnt bother again	Stayed here for 2 nights but nearly didnt bother. After several weekends at other great hotels in London we wanted to take our children aged 7 &amp; 8 and this hotel was 1 of a minority that offered a family room with parking- our 2 main concerns. Upon our arrival we were bluntly told the car park was full- the alternative was to park round the back on a metered strip free until 7am the next morning- the thought of parking our £70k motor unsecure wasnt going to happen. After requesting reception search availability at other Marriott hotels with car parking as we werent happy to stay 1 member of reception went out of his way to eventually find us a car parking space. We then went to check in only to be advised that our non smoking request couldnt be fulfilled- they was no way we were happy to stay in a smoking room with 2 children- so we were offered an upgrade to an executive room which had a king bed and they then came add added a put up single- so not quite the family room we had hoped for. Couldnt fault the restaurant staff, friendly and helpful and breakfast was ok.	
Aug 16 2007 	Nice but not quite up to Marriott standards	After spending a week at the Holiday Inn Republique in Paris, I was ready for the 1st hand comparison of the 2 with a week in London.Am a Marriott Rewards Member &amp; have stayed in many.Almost to a one---I enjoyed them all immensely.Rarely a complaint that really mattered.Here at the Maida Vale, the hotel is nice and the staff is nice and courteous, have a nice oubkic computer center and a real LAP pool, that is shared with a fitness center attached to the hotel.But there were a few problems I've never encountered,The breakfast, was NOT, up to the usual Marriott spread. I usually am amazed at the variety but here....the choices were sparse in comparison. Not to mention, they do their best to keep up the sterotype of British food... by being very bland. Was a great deal for 3 lbs a day...lol....so I'm not complaining that much---but I WAS disappointed in my hotel chain every morning. And the last impression I had of the Marriott was when I went down to the concierge to have someone take our 4 suitcases and backpack from 2 weeks and 3 people in Europe. I waited downstairs with the taxi for Heathrow and wife and kid waited for the the suitcases to be picked up. 20 minutes later---wife and kid come rumbling thru the lobby with all the suitcases. No one came to the room. Even after wife called the desk numerous times to send someone up.....(Well after I originally, &amp; personally got the assurance from the head Concierge,----- a spiky, short brown hair guy with horn rimmed glasses,----- someone eould get the luggage).No one even noticed wife and kid going from one end of the lobby to the other, lobby HAULING our suitcases. No one offered a hand, heck, no one even said goodbye. LOL----Totally un-Marriott like.Of course there was good.Beds--Excellent.Rooms--- clean, clean, clean.A/C--Cold..(also excellent, especially for Europe).Cafe--was beautiful in its nightime setting.Staff, untill last day, was wonderful.Good Italion restauarant too.Overall a nice place....but loses a star for those probs I described up there.Sigh...........now-----a whole year till another vacation.Was a heck of a 2 weeks in July, 07.Ren	
Aug 8 2007 	OK if you are on a budget	We stayed here for 7 nights on Marriott Points. The hotel was OK. Nothing to brag about. Front desk was courteous, concierge helpful. The location is a bit out of town but then points/price paid reflects that. Tube was a short walk and there are plenty of coffee shops (Cafe Nero two blocks north is great!), grocery stores and Tesco Express for sandwiches while sightseeing. Luna Rosa Itallian restaurant across the street had good food and friendly service at a reasonable price. Many comments were made by reviewers about the area but it is an ethnic area of a major metropolis and we never felt unsafe even returning on the tube at night. Room was a bit tight and old, AC had problems and maintenance tried three time before it was fixed (then we froze!). They did have ice machines on the floor, in room safe and a hot water pot for tea and coffee in the room which was very convenient and not neccessarily typical for European hotels. Overall it was fine for those on a budget and convenient to transportation.	
Jul 31 2007 	great!great!great!	we are just married and stayed in Marriott Maida Vale for 9 nights in bed and breakfast treatment.the hotel is only 5-7 minutes walk from Kilburn park metro station on the bakerloo line. The zone is not very central but safe during the daylight, only one or two beggars around in the late evening. On the main street, near to the hotel, there is a Tesco supermarket selling all useful things.At the arrival at Marriott at about 14.00 pm the room was not ready yet, but they promptly gave us another on the 3rd floor; the room was large with a big bed and a lot of pillows; the bathroom was clean and large; the room is fully equipped with tea/coffee set; the only negative points of the room was that there was a slighlty stink of cigarette smoking, maybe because the room is for smokers(and we don't smoke); and the other negative point is that there is no Italian TV channel, only English speaking,French and German.The staff in the breakfast room was very professional and kind; the food is very good and there is a lot of choice for every taste; only two days we had to wait ten minutes before sitting in the breakfast room because it was full.Breakfast was included in our fare,otherwise you have to pay about 17,00 pounds for full english breakfast.Generally speaking staff was all very nice and professional and we enjoyed our stay:For good eating go to Luna Rossa, on the other side of the street, nice italian restaurant althoug a little revisited(trust me, i'm italian)!	
Jun 20 2007 	Give it a miss - Let's Marriott down badly	Stayed here for one night when we went to Wembley to see Muse. We had requested an early check in when booking and had telephoned the previous night to check that a 1.00 pm check would be ok (standard check in is 3.00 pm) and we assured it was. We arrived at Midday and obviously didn't expect to get in, but the receptionist said she would ask housekeeping to prioritise us as we had already been told we could be in by 1.00. Went back at 1.00 and sitll no joy - the receptionist we had dealt with wasn't available and the guy now manning reception was completely rude and indifferent even though we were polite with our request - he couldn't even be bothered to find out when the room would be ready. We waited until about 1.45 and asked again and pointed out that we had been told we could be in at 1.00. So it went on and eventually they decided to upgrade us to the presedential suite due to the long wait which was very good of them. Then they gave us the wrong room number, then the wrong key and then the right key which wouldn't work. All of this involved trips up and down in the lift and having to deal with the ignorant guy on reception who was still completely indifferent to our problems. Eventually my Partner had had enough and demanded some action which saw the Manager accompany us to the room to find that his key didn't work either. He got the maintenance guy and he sorted this for us. Presential suite was very nice although one of the TVs didn't work and there was no min-bar (very glad we weren't paying the full £500!). Room was warm and clean and quiet so that is a plus for them. Breakfast was very ordinary. We stay at a lot of Marriotts, but certainly won't be bothering with this one again.	
Jun 15 2007	Decent Hotel	This is not the most luxurious hotel in London, that is for certain. It is pleasant--the rooms are large by comparison to other hotel rooms in Europe. The cleanliness of the hotel is questionable--I do not consider this a four-star hotel as the website on which we booked this hotel suggested. There is access to a fairly decent gym next door. The downfall of this hotel is its location. While about a 5-8 minute walk to the nearest tube station, the area leaves much to be desired. While the community to the north is lovely, I would not want to be a woman walking alone at night from the tube station to the south of the hotel. If you plan to stay here, taxis at night would be best.Overall, I would probably not stay here again--if you can find a hotel for the same price closer to the city centre, it is definitely worth foregoing this hotel.	
Jun 14 2007 	Great but out away	Great facility w/ extremely attentive staff. Nice room spacious and clean. Numerous amenities and relatively affordable w/ Govt employee rates. Pretty far out there for any casual tourist access to much of anything. Parking rates were horrendous (but so is everything else in London). A couple of good restaurants close by.	
Jun 10 2007 	Excellent staff great hotel	I stayed 4 June - 9 June for 5 nights and wanted to write my review while it was still fresh. I was traveling from Southampton, and took a cab from the Victoria coach station, That cost 25GBP, so be sure you have some cash before you try and leave the station.The hotel and the room were spotless and as comfortable as a 4-star American hotel should be. A very comfortable bed, plenty of closet space, sufficient drawer space, marble bathroom with long soaking tub, handheld shower, empty frig in the room... everything I could want. For those who don't know London, the rooms are much, much larger than you'll typically find - these are American sized rooms, not European. Traveling as a single, I have a queen sized bed - that only happens in the &quot;Executive Rooms&quot; at traditional hotels, and those can be $300 per night.Service was terrific - the staff were friendly and helpful. The location, as noted earlier, is not perfect. It was 25 minutes total from the front door of the hotel to the Picadilly Circus. A 5 minute walk to the tube, a few minutes to wait and 16 minutes on the train. So, if you're the sort that's in and out of the room all the time, you'll want to be closer. But, since I saved about $150 per day, I was willing to add some train time. The walk to the tube stop isn't pretty, but it felt safe to me, even at 11pm... There are going to be bus stops and minicab stands near EVERY tube stop in London, I think... so don't be put off.Having M&amp;S and Tessco up the street were really convenient and made for some very cheap meals. Luna Rossa (across the street) gave me an excellent Italian meal (salad, lasagne and lots of wine) for 20 GBP. I had one meal at the hotel (breakfast on my departure day) and I can't recommend it. It was a bland, ugly frittata. I couldn't bring myself to spend 17GBP for the breakfast buffet, so I always ate somewhere else.Speaking of cheap, in London &quot;Pret a Manger&quot; are always good choices - sandwich and soda for less than 4GBP. And London Walks give the best walking tours for just 6GBP.	
Jun 5 2007	GREAT service!!	I've booked from priceline 63 per night including tax andposted many photos describe quite all environments and things in the room as you can see.The room is OK, i give 3 starsReally like all 6 pillows^^ they are very soft and comfortable.The service is extremely perfect;I first ask them for two of toothbrushes and slippers actually the later one is just for executive room. Mine is standard room -king bed max 4 people.Also, at night I was hungry and call room service to bring my food that bought from the restaurant (in plastic box) to heat(microwave) it for me. I just give him a box, suprisingly he took it to me on tray with plate knife fork and apron. (see photo) there are 3 telephones; 2 in room and 1 in bathroom(-)tissue is not soft.wardrobe is quite small but no problem for me-------------------------------------------------------------location in zone25 min walk from kilburn park station15 min to oxford circus station by tube + 5 min walk from hotelif you take a cap in front of the hotel about 20-25 min to covent gardenthere is tesco near hotelneighbourhoods are strange, aren't them?for me, i'm soso no problemjust feel a bit strange if comparing with people who live in zone 1 like south kensington, earl's court, piccadilly circusall in allroom 3.5*bathroom 3*service 5*	
Jun 5 2007 	Spacious clean good value - just mind the VAT and avoid the top floor.	We booked the Marriott for 1 night to give us a weekend in London with our kids aged 9 and 4. We got a great deal - a room for 4 including breakfast (which was excellent) for £109. Having stayed in many central London hotels at a similar price for a single room, the Marriott was miles ahead - spacious clean rooms, access to a (small) pool in the neighbouring health centre. The hotel is not far from the tube and there are 2 bus routes which stop close by. Street parking is free at weekends. Staff were helpful and keen to please.The only blemishes on the stay was that having been told when booking that the rate quoted included VAT an additional 17.5% was added which took some arguing to get removed. This is evidently their policy in London (they said that it was the same for other hotel chains but this isn't true) so beware. It would still have been good value though even with the extra added. Also on the top floor you can get a lot of noise from the air conditioning plant on the roof which is particularly noticeable at night.The health club/pool is a nice extra but is quite small and not for serious swimmers. We'd certainly use it again for a family night if we can get the same rate again.	
Jun 4 2007 	Ok but not great	The hotel was ok, although the air conditioning was too hot at night. We were entitled to upgrades as per Marriott Rewards and they were not honored. We did get points for our stay, though. It was a bit far from Central London; it took about 20 min to get to Victoria Station by bus. The staff was great, very helpful and very nice. The rooms were clean and comfortable.	
May 13 2007 	The quality you can expect from Marriott	This hotel delivers the level of quality and standard amenities you would expect from the Marriott name. The room was clean, the staff courteous, and the bed very comfortable. The hotel's location provides easy access to many public transportation bus stops, local shops, and a five minute walk to the underground station serviced by the Bakerloo line. I recommend popping into a pub/restaurant in the area to experience how the locals live and to enjoy a friendly chat with the bartender and regular patrons.	
Mar 21 2007 	great service	This was my second stay at this hotel. Same lovely girl checked me in with a big smile on her face. Much appreciated after a long trip.My room was upgraded from what I had originally booked. From a double to a king. Probably the cleanest hotel room I've ever seen.The location is not all that great if you're looking to spend time in central London, but a 10-15 minute walk will take you to the underground and another 30 mins and you are there.Only negative things I can think of is that my room service order took 45 mins to arrive instead of the estimated 20 mins, although the meal itself was very nice. Also, on checkout I was charged for a newspaper I had not ordered (or been given).But would definately recommend this hotel. It's small and not grand in any way but fantastic staff and well-kept	
Mar 12 2007 	Overall good stay	Very satsified with the Marriott Hotels so far, I booked this hotel for a week-end in London with my husband and our friends. We got a double king size bed room for £85 (excluding taxes) so around £100/night taxes included.The hotel is nearby Filburn Park Station which is great for us as we come straight from Waterloo to the hotel. It also has a bus stop 50m from the hotel (line 98) that gets you straight to Oxford street. The room was overall OK: clean, comfortable bed, complementrary tea and coffee, mini fridge, iron, nice bathroom etc.. The TV is old but that is OK as we barely stayed in the room. .The area around is multi-ethnic and quite mixed: you have nice victorian houses with long buildings...I wouldn't call the area classy but neither dodgy.Two things upset me though:The phone bill - I had this bad idea of using the hotel phone to call a friend of mine on her UK mobile phone: 3mn for £12 ! I think is is exagerately expensive. It would have been cheaper to call with my mobile phone even if it was roaming.Late arrival of my husband - I warned the front desk that my spouse will be arriving late at nigh (as we did not catch the same train together) so that they can let him get into the room. But while I was having dinner outside the hotel, I got this weird call from the hotel on my non UK mobile phone (so I actually need to pay part of the communication) to clear the situation and asked me about information (name, adresse, postcode) to let my husband get in. This made us quite angry as the customer service was warned in advance.So overall a nice stay even if the staff service was not as impeccable as in the other Marriott's I stayed in.	
Mar 12 2007 	It was Ok!	We stayed there for 2 nights from 23rd - 25th February 2007.It's only a 5 mins walk from the Kilburn Park Metro Station (Bakerloo line). You can take the Heathrow Express from the airport to Paddington and then change to the Bakerloo line. Overall, it's quite accessible to the major attractions in Central London.The neighbourhood is quiet and basically a residential area I think. Service staff is ok. Average. Nothing fantastic. We carried our luggages up to our room ourselves in full view of them, what do you think?The bed was great! The sheets and pillows are really really comfy.The room was typical of a 4 star hotel with the necessary like hair dryer, hand held shower etc. Water pressure was good.It cost abit to access their wireless internet though. My rate (partially paid by my Marriott Rewards Pts) did not include breakfast so no comment on that.In short, this hotel doesn't leave much impression on me but is decent enough for a comfortable short stay.	
Feb 27 2007 	Qualy hotel	We got a deal on holidaycity.com and stayed there for £80 a night for 2 double beds. We were worried we wouldn't get what we asked for, but no problems. Wonderful helpful and polite staff, smooth check in. Good car park facility (although expensive). Rooms were like 5*. Beutiful, most comfrtable bed I have slept in. The location was good, quite close to an underground station, although the area aorund te hotel was a little bit dodgy. Perhaps not ideal for a lone female traveller. However I would definately stay here again if we got thesame price for the rooms!	
Jan 26 2007	True London	My husabnd and I booked our vacation directly through the Marriott's vacation package partner, Neatgroup, and chose the Maida Vale for it's reasonable distance from the city center combined with its price (~77GBP/$155USD), and for our overall positive experience with Marriott in the past.The hotel was lovely and clean, though the rooms were small-- very typical of London. Our bathroom was well-appointed and, though there wasn't much room to move around our queen-size bed with the rest of the furniture, we barely were in the room because we had so much to see in 3 days. If you want more space, look into their executive rooms, which were only a little more expensive. They do also have suites.We arrived at 8am and were given early check-in as we requested, which helps after a trans-Atlantic flight. The breakfast at the hotel is expensive (~15GBP continental, ~17GBP full English) and nothing to write home about, but convenient. After the first morning, we went to the Tesco Express just up the road (think 7-Eleven here in the US) and bought fresh fruit, juice and croissants for the remainder of our stay, thanks to the room's mini-fridge and complimentary in-room tea &amp; coffee.The neighborhood is a little out of the way for tourists who prefer to be right in the city center, but only about 15min to Picadilly Circus on the Bakerloo Line, and the hotel is a 3 min walk from the Underground Station (Kilburn Park). We bought 1-day travel cards for Zones 1 &amp; 2 each morning (5GBP per day offpeak/weekend days, 7GBP for weekday peak hours), and found that to be a great, inexpensive way to get the most out of travelling on the Underground.Unlike earlier reviews, we did not have any safety concerns with the location of the hotel, even returning late at night on the Tube. The neighborhood is very residential, very busy, and multi-ethnic, but everyone we encountered was friendly and helpful-- it was a wonderful glimpse into the real London, not just the tourist sites. We had drinks and dessert in the hotel lounge one night, but ate most of our meals elsewhere. The Luna Rossa just across the street is a small Italian restaurant with great food and great service. We ordered 2 salads and 2 pizzas to take-out one night, and even ended up with dessert-- for about 5 pounds more than 2 pizzas and a half-bottle of wine at Fratelli's in the hotel would have cost. We bought wine at Tesco's to bring back to the room-- very convenient :)All in all, we loved it and we would return again. The staff was helpful and friendly, though sometimes didn't have the answers to our questions-- at least they tried. :)Happy Travels!!!	
Jan 2 2007 	Ok but great Italian Restaurant	Me and my family stayed in this hotel over New Year 2007. The room was rather small but it had everything you would expect in a Marriot -cable TV, hairdrier, comfertable beds. The location pretty good - 2 mins from Kilburn Park tube and shopping on Kilburn High Road, and right beside a bus stop for buses to Oxford Street and Holborn in Central London. But the value was not good - at over £100 a night for 3 people. I guess that's what to expect in London but I have stayed in much larger hotel rooms for only £60 - £80 a night. What did it for us was the wonderful Italian Restaurant over the road called Luna Rossa, which we went to on New Year's Eve before the fireworks. Don't under-estimate it - it may look like nothing special on the outside, but the food is excellent and It's pretty cheap. There was a choice of pizzas, pastas and meats - I had lamb! I would definately recomend Luna Rossa to anyone staying in London, It's worth the trip out to Kilburn! Overall, an average hotel but a great restaurant over the road....	
Dec 27 2006 	Fantastic Hotel with Exceptional Staff!	We stayed at the Maida Vale Marriott in mid December for a family trip to London. We were travelling with 2 small children and the staff were exceptional. They could not have been more helpful from the moment we arrived. We were upgraded to a fantastic suite with a few &quot;extras&quot; placed in the room. The room was amazing with a huge Queen-sized bed, 2 roll-away beds for the children, a seperate kitchen, a living/dining area with a Bang &amp; Olufsen CD player and big TV with built in DVD. There were doors to close off the bedroom once we had put the kids to bed and we could then relax on our own! The bathroom was well equipped with a shower that had jets to massage you too. The bar was fairly lively as it was mid December but had a buzzy, friendly atmophere. Breakfast in the morning was great too with such a huge selection.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay overnight in London as the location proved very convenient and the staff arranged a people carrier taxi for us into the West End ( Oxford Street is 5 minutes away )	
Dec 27 2006	Great Hotel Homey Neighborhood...	Comfortable and professional are only two words that describe this little gem of a hotel located in the north western part of the Capital. Upon first sight of the hotel as we walked from the Kilburn Park tube stop, the hotel is a modest mid-rise that is situated directly in the center of a lively residential neighborhood. Upon entering the hotel you are immediately struck by the spaciousness of the lobby and the clean contemporary lines of the furnishings. In our 5-day stay over Thanksgiving 2006, the hotel staff displayed a high level of customer service and went out-of-their-way to meet and exceed our expectations. An unexpected joy we encountered upon checkin was that our room was on the Executive Floor and had many ammenities analogous to conceirge floors. Attached to the hotel is a spacious full-service health club and spa, complete with a huge swimming pool, aerobic and anaerobic exercise equipment, and friendly &amp; helpful staff. The food at the restaurant in the hotel was also quite good, and their breakfast buffet was stocked with everything that you could want in a full English breakfast. Our room itself had 2 queen sized beds and they were superbly comfortable to sleep on. The bath was well appointed and the marble and terazzo tile and gleaming chrome gave us a distinct feeling of luxury that most European hotels lack in this price range. And once again, I can't say enough wonderful things about the staff. From checkin to restaurant to housekeeping and maintenance, the staff went out-of-their-way to please us. Two notable things occurred to us during our stay here: The first involved the Business Center. The lock had been changed prior to our arrival. When I went to the lobby to use the Biz Center to check my email I could not open the door with my pass key. The front desk immediately called maintenance, and they ended up breaking the lock off the door so that I could have access right away! Now I ask you, how many times have hotel staff people addressed your needs like that? The second notable situation was, unfortunately, not-so-positive as the hotel conceirge gave us completely wrong information about access to a certain location using the London tube. Had we used that information we would have been hopelessly out-of-our-way in getting to our destination, but knowing London as I do I realized that he didn't really know the underground system very well. So overall, this property is very nice and our stay extremely pleasant. Comfortable room, professional and attentive staff, restaurant with good food and service, and the property nicely appointed with ammenities. I would definitely stay here again! On the flip-side, the location is a little different being in a neighborhood, but access to things in the community was facilitated by its location. For instance, there is a Tescoe Express within a couple minutes walk from the main hotel entrance that we went to daily. The tube stop, Kilburn Park, is about a 10 to 15 minute walk (and it seems longer with baggage and children in tow) but still convenient. I would highly recommend this hotel!	
Dec 23 2006 	Great hotel	We stayed for Fri/Sat night while in London for a friend's birthday. It's a great hotel and cost us about 110 pounds per night, including breakfast.Good points:1) Room was well sized, clean and spacious. The bed was extremely comfortable with about 8 pillows. We had a room on the top floor (7) and there was no noise from traffic or other guests even though the hotel was very busy that weekend.2) Breakfast: was included in our rate and had so many different choices. They had an omelette chef and the scrambled egg was delicious. Breakfast was also served until 11am which was really helpful espeically as we had sore heads on the Sunday morning!3) Location: 5 mins walk to Kilburn Park tube (Zone 2) and Bakerloo line drops you into town and the touristy things very easily in about 20 minutes. We drove to the hotel and managed to park the car for free on the street next to the hotel. Not sure what restrictions there are during the week, however they do have parking under the hotel for 17 pounds if you can't find a space on the street.4) Didn't eat dinner in the hotel, but we found a great Italian bar/restaurant called Osteria del Ponte which is just 5 mins walk further up Kilburn High Rd on the opposite side to the hotel. We had two main courses and a bottle of red wine for about 24 pounds.The surrounding area isn't the most salubrious of London districts, espeically Kilburn High Rd. However as long as you're sensible you'll be fine.	
Dec 19 2006 	Above average hotel; below average neighborhood	We stayed five nights last mo. in a deluxe room. The room included: king-size bed, two hairdryers, trouser press, full-size ironing board, full-size iron, digital safe, mini-fridge and high-speed Internet access. The bed was heavenly; and I mean great! It had six pillows and was so comfy with a feathertop and down comforter.You must pay 15GBP for 24 hours of Internet access; it is billed from noon-to-noon. We did this.We thought the hotel was clean, and its staff was very friendly. In fact, during the early morn hours, we were planning on walking to the nearest tube, Kilburn Park, and riding the tube to Victoria Station to catch the Gatwick Express with our luggage. The young man at the hotel counter asked us if we wanted a taxi. We said yes. Within five minutes, a private Mercedes showed up and took us directly to the doors where we boarded the train for 15 GBP. Coming from Victoria upon our arrival in LON, we paid another taxi driver 11GBP to get to the hotel. Not bad.I recommend this hotel for its amenities and staff. Be mindful of the neighborhood. Being in Zone 2 is no big hassle. It took us about 40 mins. to get from Kilburn Pk., though, to Victoria Station via the tube. Give yourself extra time if you are on a sched.	
Nov 29 2006 	I liked it	I had a lovely time. We stayed on my Birthday and had an executive room! Nice snacks and nibbles in the evening in the executive lounge. I felt very spoilt. We did'nt have dinner in the Hotel restauraunt, instead we went to Luna Rossa a nice little Italian just up the road and opposite the Tesco. I have to say that we had the best meal we have had for many years and the service was first rate. Go there and you will be fed well and under £15 a head including a bottle of wine!	
Nov 23 2006 	Horrible district poor hotel.	The hotel has nothing to do with 4*. The room was durty with badly equiped bathroom. The restaurant is ridiculous, the food does not worth a penny. The district is not only durty and ugly, but also dangerous. The only good thing was the service and the very very lovely staff.	
Oct 24 2006	Exceptional Bargain	If you are looking for a clean, modern, comfortable and friendly place to stay then the Marriott Madia Vale is a wonderful choice. My wife and I stayed here for over the night of October 14th and our stay exceeded our expectations. We found the surrounding neighborhood quite pleasant and safe; plus we very were pleased with the selection of nearby eateries. We booked a month or so in advance on Priceline for $110 (or 55 pounds with the current exchange rates). We'll be looking to stay here again the next time we're in London.	
Oct 6 2006 	Really Impressed	I first stayed at the hotel a couple of years ago and my experience was fine but I have to say that my most recent visit was brilliant.The hotel is based within Maida Vale, on the edge of Kilburn and is a 2 minute walk from the Bakerloo Line. We stayed for 2 nights and the staff and the attentive service were superb. Although the hotel isn't in the centre of London we found it a great opportunity to experience the &quot;real&quot; London and visited Queens Park (just one stop on the Bakerloo Line) which has fantastic delicattesens, coffee shops and organic bars! and has the most briliaint Farmers Market on a Sunday morning.The bar has a fantastic atmostphere, and no television with in sight, just really chilled out music and enormous comfy leather chairs to relax in.The staff were superb, nothing was too much trouble and a great improvement on my visit 2 years ago - I can definately recommend this hotel.	
Oct 2 2006 	what a great place	dont read any other write ups till you read this!!!!!!stayed for one night at end of sept 06 and have to say how nice, friendly, and polite staff where and how clean and posh the hotel was. From start to finish the staff helped me and my children, as i went as a single parent for my eldest sons birthday, they even brought a cake to breakfast on his birthday without being asked!!The room was amazing and clean and full of everything you could need and more, the gym and pool was clean and we used iit briefly,The location of the hotel was excellent just two stops on tube from paddington and in easy access of londons attractions, having never been to london before i would recommend the hotel for anyone it was a pleasure and i have rebooked for xmas.	
Oct 2 2006 	Great Hotel	I stayed at this hotel the last weekend in September and it was great. Friendly staff, lovely room and massive bed! The breakfast was probably one of the best I've had - so much choice, cereals, bread, toast, cooked food, smoked salmon, pastries, lots of fresh juices, coffee, tea, omlette station, fresh porridge, yoghurts, actimel drinks, fresh fruit - a really good way to start the say! The waiting staff are really friendly and served until 11am at the weekends so you get a lie in!!!I used the pool - a bit small if there are a few others swimming too, but a bonus to the hotel to have it.Hot food for room service finishes at 11pm but they were really helpful and dialed an outside pizza place so we could have pizza in our room and delivered too!!!!I would definitely stay here again. The tube station is only round the corner and the Bakerloo line gets you right into the centre of London so not far out at all.Very impressed with this hotel.	
Sep 13 2006 	Very Pleasant Stay	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights at the end of august. Was impressed by the room having opted for an executive room which meant more space and different furnishings to a standard double room basically. Also allowed access to the Executive Lounge which was useful for an inclusive light bite to eat and late night coffee in nice surroundings. Room was clean and made for a very comfortable stay. Reception staff were a little cold in service but housekeeping staff very welcoming. The tesco express just up the road if you turn right out of the hotel was very useful. Breakfast was fulfilling and quite reasonable. Overall had a great stay at this hotel.	
Jul 9 2006	nice hotel and amenities	Stayed there in the first days of July 2006, and had a very comfortable stay. Room was very nice. Typical of what you would expect in a Marriot in the U.S. No surprises. They let you use a fitness center which is next door (you go through the hotel itself) and it was great. Especially the steam, sauna and pool. Helped after a full day of site seeing. The neighborhood is very nice. For those uniformed it is very arabic but we encountered no problems. Especially when coming home late nite. The hotel is centrally located to the underground and bus lines making it very convenient to get around from there.Breakfast was included on the weekend and it was great. Especially the day they made omelettes and waffles. Staff all around was very friendly and helpful.Would definitely stay again.	
Jul 5 2006 	Never again	I stayed for 2 nights, did not feel safe in the neighborhood and felt the service was marginal. Room requests (no smoking) not honored. The gym is a nice size with good euipment options. Italian restaurant on site was ok but pricey (£25 for a pizza, salad and water). Carpeting needs cleaning. Couldn't wait to get out of there. There are many other hotels in London that offer more secure locations, more hospitable staff and a more pleasant stay.	
Jun 25 2006	Passport Stolen	If you stay in this hotel, be very very careful. I paid $100 a night that I bid on Priceline. I thought it was a good deal, but in the long run, it wasn't. I stepped out of my hotel room for a few hours and left my passport in my room (bad judgement on my part). My passport was stolen from the room along with some cash. Be careful if you stay here! The hotel took no responsibility and was not helpful at all. They wanted to keep this very quiet.	
Jun 12 2006 	teriffic place to stay	Over the years I have stayed many times in four different Marriott hotels in London on business trips. This hotel is really a great value as far as staying in &quot;central&quot; London is concerned. First of all, it's one of the lowest priced Marriott hotels (if not the lowest) in London. Second, it's only a few tube stops from major London destinations. Even better is the fact that you can come into London on the Heathrow Express, hop on the Bakerloo tube line at Paddington and three stops later (Kilburn Park) you're within a 5 minute walk to the hotel (no transfers). The neighborhood is fine with several restaurants and a supermarket very close. The staff were very friendly. The breakfast was excellent. The room was certainly up to Marriott standards. Overall I will absolutely continue to stay here when I need to work / visit central London.	
Jun 11 2006	Fine nothing special	Got this hotel at $100 per night on Priceline and think that's about right. The hotel is fine, the public areas are much nicer than the rooms though. The lobby and bar are bright, airy and trendy.The rooms I felt were small, ours was dark though it overlooked the courtyard. There wasn't enough room to comfortably store our luggage. Bathroom was small and with a shower attached to the bath. The shower was okay but not of the standard I'd expect from an American chain hotel.Staff were friendly and 5 min walk to tube was handy, even if you had to go through one of London's less nice districts to get there. 5 mins in the other direction from the hotel is Abbey Road and it's amazing how different the area felt after just a short walk	
May 30 2006	Marriott Maida Vale "Great Fit!"	Traveled with my husband and four children under age 13 and this hotel was a great value, convenient location with quality service. If you want to step out your door and shop or go to a park, then pay the price and stay elsewhere. However, if you have any travel saavy at all, this location fits the bill. Five minute walk to the Bakerloo tube line (Kilburn Park Station), which gets you to Paddington (4min) or Waterloo (12min) stations without transferring. Everyplace else is usually only one transfer away. There is a Tesco Express one block away and that's where we grabbed continental breakfast every morning and snacks in the evening to offset the exhorbitent lunch and dinner food bills for our party of six throughout London. The Marriott has continental breakfast included in some of their room prices, but we opted out of that upgrade. We were able to manage connecting rooms, which was a prerequisite for staying in London, as well. There is a small restaurant/shopping area tucked in a residential neighborhood about an eight minute walk away. We had excellent meals at both the Indian/Persian cuisine and Italian locales. We didn't try the Spanish restaurant but were assured by the helpful concierge desk personnel that it was also a good choice. We had fine meals at both the restaurant and cafe onsite too. We ignored the pool as it did not meet the requirements of seeing and doing only what you cannot typically do in the states, so I have no comment. The business center was useful for e-mail and preprinting boarding passes for our return home. We had no problems getting taxi-vans when we needed door to door service and wanted to ride together. Overall, if you are prepared to visit a major metropolitan city and not confine yourself to only the tourist trap neighborhoods, you will be pleasantly surprised with the Marriott Maida Vale.	
Feb 23 2006 	Loved the fresh and funky bar and also their exec lounge!	What a fantastic hotel! Theres something special there, and you can feel it with all the staff. Really modern interior, staff were great, attended my every needs, only 10 minutes from central London, yet the best value for money out of all the Marriotts!	
Oct 18 2005	Nice but in a weird spot	This is pretty nice hotel with big rooms and a friendly staff, its just in a neighborhood with nothing similar nearby. It really is pretty convenient, though, just a few blocks from the Kilborn Park underground station, whichis on the Bakerloo line, which is very handy(Oxford and Picadilly Circus, Chancery and Waterloo and Paddington stops) Plenty of little stores, a bank and supermarket a few blocks away, not a scary neighborhood at all, itsjust in a big city.	
Sep 27 2005	Nothing wrong with this Hotel	After reading reviews on the Marriott Maida Vale I was somewhat reluctant to reserve a room for our stay in London through Ba Holidays Sept. 11-13 but I did and have NO regrets.Coming from urban city living ourselves we had no problems. While the walk to the underground was several blocks away from the hotel we found it to be similar as other areas we have visited and are used to walking. I recommend to pack light if you don't book an escorted tour through Europe. The location is further out which is why it is so affordable but very easy to get around with the public transit system. We felt safe and did not have any issues with the neighborhood as it is a major city LONDON and should have a diverse culture. The hotel staff was very friendly and efficient at checkin and we received the room type requested. The hot breakfast buffet was above average and they continued to fill items and keep things fresh. There are plenty of cafes and mini markets in the area to get anything you need. The down bed from top to bottom was the best I have ever slept in and it was hard to get out. The room was large in size and very clean more than comfortable especially for Europe standards. I had no problem getting my wireless notebook to get a connection which was the only time throughtout our European vacation.	
Sep 12 2005	Poorest Hotel in London	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. The airconditioners do not work properly. The staff unlocked the windows when in the middle of the night the room was over 90*. The windows do not have screens, so the room filled with bugs. We all had severe bites, including my 1 year old grandson. The staff was rude and uncaring. Maid service was very poor. Each day we had to call the desk upon returning to the room because clean towels were not given.	
Aug 19 2005	Liked the Marriott!	I really liked this hotel! The service was excellent and the ammenities were great! I loved the room, very comfortable and clean. The only problem is that it is a 5 minute walk to a tube station. Also, it is pretty far from touristy spots, we had to get transportantion to go anywhere worthwhile. The street it is on had restraunts and stores so you were not completely abandoned, however if you are looking to discover London you may want a more central hotel.	
Jul 4 2005 	Good but odd location	This hotel was great once inside (the rooms were nice, too, a bit cosy but nice). The King beds have linens that are a tad smaller than needed. If you are travelling with a partner, remember this--you might not have enough blanket coverage for both of you. Also, we'd intended on using the health spa for some much needed R&amp;R. However, the pool and spa were closed for some reason and the only massage therapist had broken her ankle. Figures! Next time we return to London we'll be staying elsewhere. Again, this is not a bad hotel at all. It just isn't that great either. If you think you are saving money by staying here, think again: the location is really out in the boondocks. Cab fare getting into the heart of London will add up (so much so you'd have been better off getting a slightly more expensive room in-town so you could walk everywhere).	
May 30 2005	Very Nice Hotel	Just returned from four nights at this hotel and I was more than satisfied. The standard room was spacious, clean and very comfortable. Lots of nice pillows on the king size bed and thick towels and great pressure in the shower. The in-room safe is my favorite amenity and the refrigerator (not mini-bar) was handy too. The quiet yet efficient air conditioning was great too as we had a very hot day. I am sorry so many folks have been complaining about the neighborhood. Sure, it's not Knightsbridge or Sloane Square but it's a fine working class neighborhood with lots of hard working immigrants trying to make a decent living. It's also super convenient as there are real shops and supermarkets such as Sainsbury's and Marks &amp; Spencer just up the road. Great for stocking the refrigerator! I walked around day and night alone with no problems whatsoever. Even got off the night bus at 1AM and walked up to the Doner Kebab shop for a late night snack. Nice people everywhere. It's also very convenient as bus 16 and 98 run every few minutes 24 hours a day. Bus 16 goes to Victoria and 98 runs down Edware Road and the length of Oxford St. to Holborn. Connections to everywhere are a snap if you pick up a LT Central bus map. It's really sad that so many folks have been critical of this hotel because of the immigrant population. Having lived my life in big cities in the US I can tell you I feel so much safer and relaxed in Kilburn Park! This hotel is highly recommended. I will definitely return.	
May 29 2005 	Stayed here for best part of 8 months in 2 years.	I have stayed at this hotel for over 100 nights in the last 2 years on business in London, primarily chosen for it's competitive price and location for transport etc.Room service improved this year since January, and is now passable, whereas previously I encountered some weird offerings. Check-in staff are friendly and efficient and generally perform well, apart from the odd Exec Lounge card not being activated.Exec lounge is smaller than others I have been in, and the range of fayre is somewhat limited by comparison.Bar food is OK, though I noticed the choice had been reduced in recent weeks. Italian restaurant is a little overpriced for what is received. Breakfast buffet is good. Laundry service is normally very good.Taxis are £12-15 in to the west end and vice versa. London City airport, (LCY), is a £40 black cab ride away. Wouldn't recommend walking around Kilburn area after 10pm if carrying laptop etc. Walking from Regent's Park via Lord's is OK though.	
May 24 2005	Just Okay	My wife and I spent our honeymoon in this hotel. We were first disappointed with the room size, it seemed very cramped. The staff that could actually speak english were great but room service was not so good. The location was good to have a quiet vacation but don't turn right walking out of the hotels main entrance, the setting transforms to a run down/under construction bad area. However if you walk left, you will find it peaceful. The tube was about a mile walk, not too bad. Oh, dont book a cab with the hotel if to the airport. It runs about 65 pounds when you can get a regular cab for about 30 pounds.	
Apr 3 2005	Located on the border of one of London's worst districts!	This hotel is no where near central London, or the major attractions, but the brochures, etc. claim that it is. It is not really in the district &quot;Maida Vale&quot; either - It is more on the border of Kilburn, an extremely run down, high-crime area - Not somewhere you would want to go out, unless you wanted to purchase some cocaine. It would be fine, as long as you did not turn in one directon when exiting the hotel! As usual, the name aspires to a better area, which the actual hotel is not located in. The rooms, leisure club etc. are fine, but i would not recommend staying here if you are a tourist who wants to be close to the main tourist and shopping areas. It is the same with the Regent's Park Marriott - It claims to be very centrally located, but is not.	
Apr 1 2005	Okay	We stayed at the Marriott Maida Vale for 3 nights because we received 2 free nights from British Airways. The hotel was fine. Rooms were Marriott typical, the staff was friendly, and the breakfast buffet was quite good. The location of the hotel is not very convenient for tourists, however. We ended up spending a lot of time on the Underground. On the bright side, we got to see where &quot;real&quot; Londoners live. The hotel is located in a typical working class neighborhood.	
Feb 14 2005	Very Nice Place	My wife and I stayed at the Marriott London Maida Vale for two nights in Jan 2005 with our two children, aged 9 months and 2 1/2 years. The room we had was very clean and a decent size for our needs. The baby crib (or &quot;baby cot&quot; as they call them in London and Paris) was already set up for our baby in the room when we got there. We had two double-sized beds that were comfortable. Their pillows tended to be a bit thick and hard. I didn't use them, but I'm rather particular about my pillows anyways.  The bathroom was pretty spacious and very clean. The tub for the shower was very high off the ground, as was the case for every hotel we stayed in on our trip (2 in London, 2 in Paris). The water pressure for the shower was fine, but for the toilet it might have been a bit too much...seemed like they were really intent on getting everything down! Make sure you close the toilet lid before you flush!  The hotel staff in the lobby was friendly but didn't always seem to know the area well. When I asked where I could buy baby food and bottled water, they suggested any of the little stores along the street after you take a right out of the hotel. None of the tiny little stores have anything baby-related. Mark's &amp; Spencer's Food store was at least good for the water although they did not have baby food either. It turned out that Sainsbury's Food store, which was only a couple more minutes up the street past Mark's &amp; Spencer's, had what I wanted.  We also asked if there was a small cafe or restaurant nearby that served eggs, toast, sausage, and so on for breakfast. They sent us to Caffe Nero, an Italian coffee company which according to its website is the &quot;largest independent coffee retailer in the UK&quot; (yes, Starbucks has LOTS of competition in London!). They had good coffee, tasty pastries, and mediocre sandwiches in plastic triangle cartons, but you certainly can not get an egg breakfast there. Plus that, it was incredibly smoky. We found a very good place on the same side of the street as Caffe Nero (opposite side of street from hotel) and it was much closer to the hotel. I forget the name, but it's easy to spot as you're walking. Just take a right out of the hotel lobby, walk a few minutes, and cross the main street to get to it.  Also, there's an ATM cash machine up the street from the hotel, on the same side of the street as the hotel. Again, take a right out of the lobby and just walk a few minutes.  At this hotel, we were about a 15-minute tube ride away from most of the interesting, touristy areas of London. The nearest tube stop to the hotel is about a 5-10 minute walk through streets that are not too busy. The area seems safe, even at night. We learned from the taxi driver who drove us to our next hotel that Maida Vale is known for its very expensive real estate, so you would not expect a lot of sketchy characters around.  Although it was a little bit out of the way, we stayed here because we were able to get a discounted price for the room. It was definitely worth it given that we would have paid a minimum of 2 times more (probably closer to 3 times more) for any other hotel this nice.  Overall, it was a very nice experience and well worth the money. 	
Feb 13 2005	Marriott Maida Vale... Marriott Kilburn more like!	I stay in this hotel regularly when working in London so was compelled to write this review. There were many great things about the Marriott Maida Vale that always make my stays there pleasurable:  o Reception / Concierge - The staff are consistently cheerful, attentive, and very helpful. The concierge is an excellent source of information and goes out of the way to make your life easy.  o Spaciousness - Great size rooms, usually with two double beds.  o Decor - Comfortable furnishings, well decorated, comfy beds and pillows. Good lighting which is controllable from the bed. The bathrooms are always very clean, well-equipped, and spacious (good use of marble!).  o Food / Drink - There's a great Italian restaurant in the hotel where you can get pizzas baked in a proper wood stove etc., you pay hotel prices but the food and wine is always good. Breakfast is served on a mezzanine above the Italian restaurant and has a great selection of fruit, pastries, cereals, and English/American hot yummy stuff. The bar is typically overpriced but is a good as a meeting place or for a night-cap.  o Location - Outside of the congestion charging zone, &lt;5 minute walk to a tube station, close to Maida Vale and Little Venice - both with some great restaurants, and only half a mile from the Abbey Road studios (for the obligatory photo!)  And now to the bad point....  o Location - Calling this the Marriott Maida Vale is stretching the imagination a bit, the nearest tube is Kilburn on the Bakerloo line taking a good 20 minutes to get into Piccadilly Circus etc. And Kilburn is not the most celubrious of areas, although it butts up to Maida Vale it is not the kind of place you feel safe walking back to in the dark carrying a laptop bag etc! If you are traveling there during peak hours you're fine, but if you are coming back late at night on your own then get a taxi.  Location aside, this is a great value hotel offering comfortable rooms away from the hustle and bustle of the West End but close enough to pop into town for dinner etc. 	
Dec 20 2004	Second time lucky	I've stayed in this property twice, as it's convenient for the city centre and just outside the congestion zone if you're driving there. Also overnight parking is £20, which is cheap for London.The hotel is situated in Maida Vale, not London's most upmarket neighbourhood but an interesting one certainly and at the end of the bustling Edgware Road. The city centre is a ten to fifteen minute cab ride away or there's a tube station a couple of minutes' walk from the hotel entrance.The hotel itself is fairly pleasant. There is a stylish Italian restaurant that doubles up for breakfast and a bar that gets pretty busy with merry hotel guests at night. The bar staff are friendly, but took nearly fifteen minutes to prepare a cocktail and a glass of red wine on our first night. As we had a restaurant table booked in town, we had to leave before they arrived, something that the waiter didn't seem best pleased about when we returned with the same order a few hours later!The rooms are standard Marriott so neutral decor, good cleanliness, with a nicely fully-tiled bathroom are the order of the day. My room was on the executive floor, which gives you access to the lounge with free drinks, hot nibbles at teatime and a healthy option breakfast. That said, I couldn't actually differentiate my executive room from the standard room I stayed in last time.The hotel also has access to the Living Well gym and pool next door. Beware that this involves a long walk through the hotel, into the lift, through the adjoining apartments and down more stairs, and then more again into the slightly grubby changing room. The gym itself was busy, and the small pool had a fitness class in progress when we arrived. Solubrious it isn't.Breakfast is buffet-style and comprehensive, and you can eat yourself silly. I didn't find the staff particularly attentive and both days I ate there I wasn't offered coffee or tea upon sitting down, or had my bowls and plates cleared when moving onto a second course. In summary, handy for the city, pleasant staff who could tighten up a little on the service front and an 'interesting' neighbourhood. You could do much worse.	
Nov 9 2004	disappointed to say the least compared to other marriotts	I am comparing this to other Marriotts in London when I give this review.I got the room requested however I was truly disappointed when I actually got to the room. What was supposed to be a 1 bedroom suite was a bedroom and a tiny!! livingroom with old dirty furniture made for small people.This was supposed to be a &quot;weekend treat&quot; for us but that was no treat. I then went downstairs and complained and said that this certainly was not up to scratch. Well, we were given another room which was better for £100 MORE!!! and that was at a discounted rate.Anyway, without harping on I can say that the rooms and suites are NOT renovated and most have dirty furniture, the room service is without a doubt substandard. The staff speaks very bad english (even though it's in London) and compared to other MArriotts in London (at better locations) this is not even near the same level that they demonstrate!!!I am so disappointed and being a marriott member I am appaled that they even put their name to this one, particularly as I have visited some other ones here.Further the location for those who don't know london is outside the city centre and a taxi from the centre in the evening if you can find one will cost you anything from £12 and up.	
Nov 7 2004	Great Value and a Satisfying Stay	The rooms were spotless, had great water pressure, attentive staff, easy check in and check out and very well decorated. Location could be a little better, but it's not terrible. Great value for the money. We got this hotel on priceline for $100.00 usd per night and we were extremely satisfied.	
Nov 7 2004	Great high quality lower cost London hotel	We stayed at the Marriott Maida Vale for 5 nights in November 2004 and found the hotel excellent. Our room was large by European standards, and the bathroom more so. The only thing missing is a minibar/fridge, but there is an ice machine in the hall.We found all the staff very helpful and polite. The buffet breakfast was expensive (£17 pp), but we had it included in our room rate, and found a great choice of hot and cold food. Or, there is a nice cafe up the street. While on first impressions the surrounding neighbourhood does not look too flash, we found some great restaurants close by and had no problem walking around at night including, to and from the tube station.I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a high quality less expensive hotel in London.	
Aug 20 2004	Good hotel	We enjoyed our stay at the Maida Vale in August. However, one of the primary reasons we stay there was because it had a pool and we had two children. The pool, which is in an adjacent health club, only allows children to swim until 6 p.m. weekdays and 8 p.m. weekends. There is also a 15-person limit in the pool, which is about 4 feet deep throughout. On several days, our children were disappointed not to be able to swim after a long day of sightseeing.Otherwise, the hotel is close to the Kilburn Park underground stop on the Bakerloo line. There are several grocery stores nearby, as well as smaller retailers who sell food, candy, beer, etc.It was a good value for the money.	
Jul 16 2004	Great Hotel !	This is a great hotel at a great price, I think my rate was £85. Very large rooms for a London hotel. Very clean and extremely quiet. Great beds. Good water pressure and good hot water. Helpful and friendly staff (had to stay longer on short notice and had to change rooms). Large gym attached which i did not have time to use this trip. 5 mins walk to kilburn park tube station on bakerloo line. Take Heathrow express to paddington (£13) and catch cab (approx £7) - couldn't be easier. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 18 2004	A good Hotel but not Great	The location was nice, but not ideal. But just a brief bus ride from the Marble Arch and all the bus tours. I love feather pillows, and they had plenty of them. They staff was helpful and courteous, and helped us a great deal with cabs, locations, and visitor tips. Oh, by the way, I got this Hotel on Priceline for $75 dollars, that's right, dollars, not Pounds Sterling per night. The cab ride from Heathrow cost about as much as the room. I strongly suggest hiring a private car for 35 pounds or take the Heathrow Express for 16 pounds, and take a brief cab ride (or bus) to the Hotel.	
May 25 2004	Nice Marriott - good value for the money	We spent four nights here in April/May. This was a very nice typical Marriott. A modern hotel so not the &quot;charm&quot; of some of the English Marriotts which were re-births of old hotels - but the hotel had every amenity. The rooms were nice size and the beds comfortable. There was very very extensive fitness center available to hotel guests. The Italian Restaurant and the small casual bar both had excellent food. We found the desk staff and the concierge staff to be helpful and pleasant. The neighborhood immediately around the hotel was fine, although we did not find the area around the underground to be very pleasant (North of the hotel). As long as you stayed south of the hotel, the area was great. I would recommend the buses which run right outside the hotel, rather than going through a less desirable area to get to the underground. We got a very good rate for what we thought was a very nice hotel.	
Apr 26 2004	Poor desk clerks sketchy neighborhood good restaurant	Booked through Marriott in the States, our rooms were completely different than specified. I had to go through a ridiculous conversation with the very same clerk who had confirmed my rooms, not 14 hours before -- &quot;didn't remember&quot; what we had discussed. Not a good neighborhood! However, the one bright spot is the Italian restaurant in the hotel. I would never stay here again!	
Apr 26 2004 	What a Marriott Should Be	For my two-week business trip to London, the Marriott Maida Vale was all I could have asked for and more. The staff was friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. The room was spacious, comfortable, and well-appointed with high-speed internet, a desk, chair, table, armchair, king-sized bed, two night stands, room safe, television, mini-refrigerator, and plenty of ambient and task lighting. The bathroom bordered on luxurious, with a generous tub, taupe and green marble tile on the walls and floor, and thick, thirsty towels. Room service always arrived within 20 minutes, and the meals were delicious. The elevators were fast. London is a hectic place and the Maida Vale, which is easily located near the Underground (5 minute walk in a safe neighborhood), was an oasis where I could either relax or get additional work completed at the end of a busy workday. Caveat, however, London is expensive. Very expensive. After you get over the sticker shock -- London prices make New York City look reasonable and affordable -- enjoy a beautiful room in a beautiful, easily-accessible hotel.	
Apr 14 2004	Nice Marriott	Typical Marriott. Rooms were clean, standard size, comfortable and included all the amenities. Breakfast left a lot to be desired. We experienced no problems during check-in/out. It is conveniently located next an Underground stop.	
Mar 31 2004	Great Hotel	The Marriott Hotel Maida Vale was wonderful. We had enjoyed our stay. March 25 to 30, 2004. Located about three city blocks from the tube stop, and right on the bus line it was a very great location. Abbey Road Studios is close by. Several good pubs including THE RED LION are right there. The neighborhood is a older and not as clean looking as others we were in, but very friendly. There is a security guard that stands in the lobby. He was very kind and answered our questions abouth the area. My 13 year old daughter and I were traveling alone and we felt safe coming in late from the theater.There is good shopping in the area, with a discount clothing store and a Mark and Spencers for food. Our room had a small refrigerator that worked great for soda, cheese and sandwiches.We LOVED the beds. Great sleeping. My daugther was trying to figure out how to get them home. Our room was quiet and overlooked the side street. The curtains closed so the room was very dark to sleep late. There is a pool, sauna and workout facility for your use.We found our room on visitlondon and got a great rate which included breakfast each morning. It was a full breakfast with a great selection. The beakfast would have been expensive if not included in our room.We will stay here again. If just for the BEDS alone.	
Mar 25 2004	Disappointing		
Jan 22 2004	Good value for money		
Jan 17 2004	disappointing experience at maida vale		
Jan 13 2004	Marriott Maida Vale: awful check out bring with you confirmation of rates		
Dec 20 2003	Good hotel for the price-area ok too		
Oct 17 2003	Good		
Jun 22 2003	Not too convenient		
Jun 21 2003	Terrific Hotel in London!		
May 22 2003	Hidden gem!		
Jan 19 2003	very nice stay...		
Jul 18 2009 	Hôtel avec très bon rapport qualité/prix à Londres		
May 13 2009 	Prisvärt		
Mar 30 2009 	offerta disattesa		
Mar 8 2009 	superbe hotel		
Aug 30 2008 	Una opción muy razonable		
