	So bad it was (nearly but not quite) funny	First of all let me say that the staff were friendly, efficient and very pleasant. I don't have a bad word to say about them. However - We were a party of 6 staying at this Thistle prior to a conference nearby the following day. We work for the NHS so had booked single rooms to save money at what proved to be a vastly overpriced gastly experience. Out of the six rooms - not one was fully equipped. In mine, the kettle did not work. In another, there was no hairdryer. In several others either towels were missing altogether or there was only one handtowel and no bathtowel, and in another the shower did not work. I was very lucky, there are two parts to this hotel and my room proved to be nice and quiet. My colleagues arrived later than I did and were in the other part of the hotel, not one of them got a decent night's sleep. This was either due to the noise of the rain on the flat roof outside (very noisy apparently) or in at least one case due to the sound from four generators outside her window. She said it wouldn't have been so bad if they were either on or off, but they kept going on and off and that was what woke her. Well that, and the fact that the rooms were very hot and stuffy. Mine had a fan in - what does that tell you? If a room in England has a fan in it in November without you having to ask for one it is obvious that there is a problem. The rooms themselves were tiny - which is more or less what we expected, but also very shabby. In mine the wallpaper was starting to peel away from the walls and it was in dire need of a deep clean. In one corner there were actually dust bunnies on the skirting board, and when I went into the bathroom there were still some empty toiletry bottles in the rack above the bath. The metal bath fittings were rusted and had stained the bath, the taps did not look as if they had ever been shiny, and there was mould on the grouting and the sealant around the bath. The seal between the wall tiles and the floor was cracked and the floor looked in dire need of a scrub around the edges and in the corners. I was the only one of my group to have an evening meal in the hotel. As far as I am concerned it was fine. I had the calves liver and bacon with a red wine jus, followed by ice cream. The calves liver was fine, probably a little too well cooked for those who like their liver pink but I don't, and it was nice and tender. The mashed potato was piping hot and the green beans were fine. The thing that spoiled it was that the red wine jus didn't appear to have ever seen a grape and it was too highly salted. However I did enjoy the liver. The ice cream was a disappointment. 3 scoops of not terribly good ice cream in chocolate, strawberry and vanilla, with some sticky red sauce over (this was not on the description given and I don't like sticky red sauce) that had obviously been prepared and put into the bowl a long time before and then put in the freezer, bowl and all. Some time ago I stayed at Bewleys Hotel in Leeds and I have had no hesitation in recommending that hotel to everybody. The ice cream I had there was good quality, in a selection of wonderful flavours, and came in a brandy snap basket decorated with a fresh strawberry. What a contrast! Especially as my stay in the hotel in Leeds was so much less expensive. Overall my meal at this Thistle was certainly no better, and very probably worse, than I could have got at a Little Chef at a motorway services.My colleagues had such an horrendous experience and so little sleep that we had to leave the conference early as we could not face not arriving home until 9.00 p.m. and so got an earlier train.This experience, and experiences in other Thistle hotels by some of us over the past few years, have been so terrible that I now have instructions that, whatever happens, I am not to book anyone into any other Thistle ever again.Apologies to the wonderful staff at this hotel.	
	Not a 4* but decent hotel	We stayed at the Barbican for 1 night as we were meeting up with friends in London. The hotel is quite big and seems built for business customers as the majority of rooms are twins. The hotel has a spa and two bars and is situated less than 10 mins walk from Angel Station / Islington where you can find lots of shops, bars and restaurants. The river is close too although I didn’t walk that way (you can see the ‘Gherkin Tower’ and the London Eye from the hotel). It’s less than 10 mins walk to either Angel Station or Barbican. There are a few council buildings in the surrounding area but this didn’t make the walk scary or terrifying. You certainly don’t need to take a taxi, the main road is only 2 mins walk away! We were fortunate enough to be upgraded to a premier room in the main building which was fab. I gather the main building is more up to date, our friends stayed in the annex which was quite ‘outdated’ and ‘tired’ but clean. Breakfast was nice, there was a choice of a very nice fry up (good quality sausage!), different cereals and croissants, rolls and bread. It was incredibly busy on Sunday morning as the hotel was fully booked and the waiters seemed a bit overwhelmed but we just went and grabbed the coffee ourselves instead of waiting to be served.Overall a nice hotel although maybe not 4*. Would go back if the rate was right.	
	friendly staff fantastic value	After reading some of the reviews i was doubious about visiting here. I booked a day's leisure facility use and some beauty treatments with two girlfriends and we have a fantstic time. They are doing a special offer so you can use the facilities for free (just go to the thistle hotel website) and then gave a deal on the beauty treatments as we were a group. The treatments were fantstic, the staff couldn't have been more welcoming and the facilities were great - clean, perfect working order. changing rooms were lovely and warm, very clean. i would highly reccomend it.	
Nov 24 2009	not bad - but only stay here if this is the area of London that you want to be in.	This is in a 'cool', edgy bit of London and that is fine BUT no good for holiday makers and visitors who would wish to be elsewhere. The hotel is fine BUT you need to have a friend with you or be brave or go in and out by taxi.There is a pool, the rooms are fine, there is, unlike far better hotels, no wait at Breakfast. Astonishingly enough, the restaurant is excellent. Almost everything that involves keys, payment, billing has to be checked as it will be wrong. The staff are all young and exclusively foreign but you need to check absolutely everything that they do - and go in and out by taxi if alone.Having said that, Old street underground is a 10 minute stroll and it is not expensive to stay here. Just be warned.	
Nov 21 2009 	Don't bother..........	We stayed here for one Saturday night as part of a Daily Mail theatre break. The location of the hotel is quite unbelievable, right in the centre of a big council estate, therefore we did not feel comfortable walking from the hotel to the tube so had to get taxis everywhere. The general location of the hotel is not central to anything which was disapointing. On arrival it took us forever to check in (not sure why the receptionist found this task so difficult) and we were given rooms on the 2nd floor. Apart from the marble reception this hotel is very drab and the rooms were no better. We had booked three rooms, all of which were tiny (the bed took up the whole room) with very poor decor, a view of an internal roof, they really are in need of a refurb. We had a couple of encounters with the staff, all really unhelpful, everything you ask is too much trouble for them. We had breakfast included in our rate, the cooked breakfast was very bland, I would have cried if I had paid £15 for it. We didn't have time to use the pool so can't comment on this. This hotel is definitely not a 4* (as we have stayed in far nicer Travelodges).	
Nov 17 2009 	THERE ARE BETTER PLACES TO STAY IN LONDON	We booked this on a deal with super break, 2 nights bed and breakfast with the first evening meal free! This came in at £240 for the 2 of us, had I booked it the day before it would have been £40 cheaper! Still we were wanting to see Lion King and thought the Barbican represented good value. We have stayed at many hotels in London in the past and we weren't too daunted by the distance away from the west end. Plus we were handy for the Lord Mayors parade. I am now making a long story short, suffice to say, do not let the concierge get you a taxi, as he is in cahoots with a 'private hire' company, who apart from being unable to speak good english, charge over inflated prices. Our car was responsible for making us 20 minutes late for the theatre. If you require a taxi, black cabs are available near the entrance to the hotel most hours of the day. They are reliable and honest in the main! Aside from the negative aspects :- location, tired rooms and bathroom. No organisation on check in, many were encouraged to queue jump, which I find enfuriating.The plus was the plentiful good quality food we had for dinner on the first night. It would have cost us in excess of £67 without wine, but was included in 'the deal'.Breakfast could have been better, but was ok!	
Nov 14 2009	Honest Review	The hotel is a little out of the way, its clean and tidy heres what worried us more than the hotel itself. On arrival we were given our room pass, we opened the door and found the room was occupied, no one thankfully was in. There was a hand bag, jewellery, clothes and perfume etc easily accessible around the room.We left the room and went down to reception and told them and they didnt seem to be concerned, obviously we had reservations when we got our room and made sure no valuables were left in the room. We went out around Islington late at night and never felt threatening, there is a small local pub 1 minute up the road and we found it friendly. Its a 10 minute walk to the underground and everything you want to do and see in London is easy enough to get to.Would i go back ? probably not, i would go more central, on to the food, breakfast was buffet style first day no bacon left and second day waited 10 minutes for eggs and tomatos if you enjoy your food its not the place to be, its very bland.	
Nov 13 2009 	Worst holet in the world dont even think rats would stay	First room was so bad we had to be moved just a few things, Stained sheets, wallpaper hanging off, draws broken, window broken, dirty toilet, stained walls, holes in walls, no heating apart from small radiator, no aircon, bath was rotten lamps falling apart etc..Room was so bad i asked to be moved after refusing to be upgraded and a lot of fuss finaly moved to second room a few probles with that dirty taps, bath, toilet, lights off, NO FIRE instructions!!!!!!!! electrical test on hairdryer 6 years over due, walls so thin you can hear everything, basicaly a terrible hotel is an old office block converted and not very well stay away please	
Nov 12 2009 	Dont beleive everything you read!	After reading some of the reviews i was hesitant about being booked in here, however the check in was pleasant, the room i was in which was in the main building was surprisingly spacious especially for London and unlike other reviewers i found my way there very easily!I ate in the restaurant that evening and breakfast the next day, and have had no reason to question the service or the food. Overall considering the city your in i think the hotel represents good value, my experience was of a clean well appointed and presented hotel with polite and courteous staff.	
Nov 11 2009 	Not 4 star quality	Bedroom in need of decoration. Bathroom is tired. Pillows and towels require replacement.Tubes are too far to walk in inclement weather, especially if carrying luggage.	
Nov 11 2009 	There must be another Thistle City Barbican!	Having read the majority of the reviews, I must be staying in a different hotel!The staff on reception are always polite &amp; accommodating. The bar &amp; restaurant staff likewise. I've stayed in this hotel quite a lot &amp; all rooms that I've stayed in have always been spacious, light, airy &amp; clean with sufficiently large bathrooms. Service is excellent in both bars &amp; the restaurant &amp; the standard of food is good. The hotel has a particularly helpful Concierge service.I admit that the surrounding area can be a bit intimidating after dark	
Nov 10 2009 	Shocking	I thought this hotel was awful - especially considering the price. The room was damp, cold and dark. The remote on the tv didn't work and I couldn't get through to anyone in reception to ask a question.	
Nov 8 2009 	Stay Away!!!	From the moment that my colleague and I arrived, we were shocked by the poor level of service that we received. Having been spoken to with complete disregard by the receptionist I went to the room that had been allocated. To my horror after this room was already occupied!!! On our arrival back to the receptionist I explained what had happened - she looked me up and down and forced out a heartless apology. I was informed that there would be another room made avalible for us. During the long wait for the second room allocation, a couple returned to the reception desk to say that the same thing that happened to them too! Please do not leave any belongings of any value in your room as the next people may not be as honest as I! The Dulux Suites are very basic and not what you would expect at all.If you plan on staying here, do so without any expectancy of actually going to sleep - the beds are shockingly uncomfortable and the noise in the hotel during the night is exceptional!	
Nov 5 2009 	Overpriced and over here	I feel sure that the cost of a room in this hotel could be better spent elsewhere. As others have noted, the hotel needs a lot of TLC - it is decidedly shabby. The room we were in was tiny and had all the signs of lack of care (rust on the radiators, hole in the bathroom door etc.).It was the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in (and I have stayed in convents!). We nearly fell over each other getting into bed. The bathroom was not well-appointed. The shower was very old fashioned, and the bath was only for ladies size 12 and under.For the price it is a long way from the main attractions too.Plus factors: the bed was comfy and the water was hot.	
Nov 4 2009 	Noooo! Not here!	Well, this room was booked on my behalf - I'm a business traveller on a course. I'd read some of the reviews on this site and others and wasn't looking forward to the experience.When I arrived I thought the place looked tired and in need of a major spruce up, but at least it was clean and tidy. In fairness, the hotel was clean and the bed comfy which is usually all I expect on a business trip.Unfortunately, I expect to be able to sleep. The whole hotel was like an oven, despite it being November. The heat seems to be from the hot, uninsulated pipes that run through the rooms which can't be turned off and in effect heat the rooms whether you want them to or not.&quot;No problem&quot;, I thought, &quot;I'll open the window&quot;. The main problem with this is that there is some kind of machine in the bottom of the central area (which half of the rooms look out onto) that kicks in every 15 minutes or so and sounds like a jet engine. I'm a pretty heavy sleeper, so if it wakes me up it'll probably wake anyone up. You can be kept awake all night by the sweltering heat, or the deafening noise - take your pick. I should also point out that the windows are secured in such a way that you can only open them a couple of inches - enough to let the deafening noise in but not enough to let the heat out. I assume this is to prevent sleep-deprived customers from hurling themselves to their doom.If the management is reading this then for heaven's sake, do at least one of the following;• install proper air conditioning• make the windows open properly and shut that machine up at night.• get some decorators inFrankly, this hotel isn't alone in thinking this kind of poor regard for the comfort of their customers is acceptable; London hotels seem to think it's okay to charge people a fortune for accommodation that a bottom of the range B&amp;B would be ashamed of. The sooner they realise that it's NOT okay to deliver poor, expensive service just because it's the capital city, the better.It may be the fact that as I'm writing this, I'm on my last of my four nights in the hotel and I haven't had a wink of sleep yet, but this has been the last straw for me; I'll never stay in London again.	
Nov 4 2009 	Not good. Not good at all......	Nice staff, but tatty and poorly equipped rooms. Had to spend 5 minutes trying to close the window and when I finally achieved that challenge, there was still a draft and it was still noisy. And speaking on noise, the walls are, as other correspondents have mentioned, paper thin. Mind you, the couple in the room next to me seemed to enjoy their stay - trust me, I could hear every word (and more) so I know they enjoyed themselves. The room had a built in ironing board but it was so ancient, it was on a 90 degree slope. Extreme ironing!I grant you it was cheap but cheap as in cheap, not as in good value.And by the way, its in Clerkenwell which I suppose at a push could be described as the 'City' but only just......	
Nov 3 2009 	Awful	Just don't !!!! Dirty, noisey , you could hear the occupants in the next! rooms breathing, nevermind snoring all night ! bathroom filthy, broken cables, light switches, holes in carpet also dirty. , smelt of very bad drains.	
Oct 25 2009 	Avoid unless you are on a budget and need to be in this location	Having read the reviews i decided to stay at this hotel because it was fairly near to where i wanted to be and Lastminute.com had a deal which was £50 a night cheaper than Thistle direct (they refused to match!). On arrival I was impressed with the look of the lobby and thought perhaps the hotel had been refurbished since some of the negative reviews. Agreed to upgrade from a single standard to a deluxe double for £25 a night as still cheaper than booking direct. Only 1 lift was working and it looked very old and rickety. came out on the third floor and again wa simpressed with the oppulent marble and egyptian statues. stuggled to find room as you have to head down one of the two corridors before you find the room number signs which are then very difficult to read as are transparent. went into the room whilst it was okay, it felt small and oppresive with a window only out to an internal area which appears to be the same for the majority of the rooms. It was odd that the room looked to have been refurbished but was still grubby with marks on the walls, it did not feel clean. Very dissapointing given i upgraded two levels, so glad i did not stick with the single which from other reviews appears to be similar to a room from rising damp.I wnet back down to ask for a different room, without too much fss was offered a room on the 5th floor but again it was an internal window, was even smaller and the sink had a huge crack in it. went back down and this time found someone who could work out which rooms had an outside window as i had requested. He 'upgraded' me again and this time i accepted the room as it was a little large with a proper view but the sink also had a huge crack in it and things like tissues, laundry bags etc missing.All in all paid around £400 for 3 nights which might be cheap for London but would not stay here again. Nearby would recommend Malmaison if you have a bigger budget or just find a travel inn as at least it will be clean and new!	
Oct 24 2009 	Not bad	I stayed here while on business in London - cost cutting like everyone else! Check-in not the slickest but not too bad. Room small and in separate building but quiet and comfortable although the lighting in the bathroom has poor. Breakfast very ordinary and it took a while to get served with coffee. I didn't find the area threatening at all and had a great meal at Central Fish 2 mnutes away. The 20 minute walk to the office in the morning set me up for the day more than the breakfast did!	
Oct 23 2009 	Other than location not that bad considering the price.	The location is a touch scarey at night, there are 3 tube stations you can walk from and each has a social housing project on its edge. I found Angel and down the main road was the best. That said everything was fine, but you are not at ease.Room was fine, clean, decent bathroom, all you needed. Fairly well maintained.I got a wake up call at 7am that I do not ask for. The receptionist told me its programmed in to the system so I should have asked to have it taken off (which I would have done had I brought my crystal ball with me).Breakfast was warm, edible, and fast. People expecting more need to get a grip of their expectations and take another look at what they paid.	
Oct 23 2009 	Perfectly decent hotel for the money	I have no complaints about this hotel. We paid £79 in advance for a double room and the room was clean, spacious enough (for London) and the bathroom had everything you could need. Staff on reception didn't speak much English which is mildly annoying but fairly common in London hotels. Only a small point anyway.Tube station is within walking distance and buses stop about two minutes away which is great.Only ate breakfast at the hotel which was buffet style. Despite other reviews, I found the selection of food to be good the bits that were supposed to be hot were hot. Coffee and toast were both in plentiful supply and the staff friendly.Overall, for the money we paid, I have no complaints at all and would definately consider re-visiting.	
Oct 18 2009 	Will never stay there!!!	OMG... i never seen such 4 star in my life and more than shure that never stay there... Staeyed at STANDARD SNGL ROOM... No refrigerator and minibar inside, TV shows only few useless local channels like Five, BBC and etc, Discovery and other channels were not available due expired card date, no heater inside in October where outside temp is no more than +12 C... Breakfast was awfull and consists only grilled tomato, hashbrawns, baked beens and grilled bacons... So i do not recommend this hotel for you guys...	
Oct 18 2009 	Perfectly Acceptable Room - shame about the breakfast	I was slightly concerned by the varying reviews for this hotel before arriving. I picked the hotel because it's convenient for an event I was attending but I'd agree that it's quite a way from the underground and difficult to find. I didn't find the area unsafe provided one took sensible precautions. My room was perfectly fine, clean and comfortable. The bed linen was clean and the bathroom was well maintained. I wouldn't describe it as luxurious, but it was perfectly adequate for one night. When I rang reception and asked for another pillow this was delivered within 10 minutes. The main problem I had was that the walls are paper thin so it's possible to hear everything that's said in adjoining rooms. The breakfast was a let down though, poor quality and a very limited choice (hardly any fresh fruit). It is also irritating to have to queue so long for a table. The hotel really needs to sort out the breakfast room and try and provide enough space for the number of people usually staying there, as well as improving the quality of food provided. I think overall I'd say that this hotel was acceptable, if you can get it at a decent rate but with some room for improvement in the breakfast department.	
Oct 18 2009 	Better than expected	I booked this hotel with lastminute.com as it is near to the event I was going to in the evening, then I read the reviews afterwards, and was very concerned.I phoned someone representing lastminute.com on a really bad line in another country about my concerns and to be honest he didnt reassure me, so went there with tredpidation.I was pleasantly surprised, maybe I was put in a better room because of my phone call.I used the pool, and used the hairdryer there as the one in the room is the standard one used in holiday resorts and not good for hair styling.I found all the staff friendly and helpfull.I didnt eat breakfast there, there are cafes opposite and had a great American breakfastand Lavarzza late. I didnt know where the cafe/patisserie is, but if you dont mind wandering around, there is plenty to discover.I walked to my venue using google maps, which got me lost, as there was an easier route, not a good idea, but didnt feel threatened, I wouldnt recommend it particarly, I also walked back as I found out the more direct route, with lots of people around at 02.00.I wouldnt say it is a 4* hotel, thou noticed on this site it now says 3*.The price I paid on lastminute.com was less than normal and would not have paid full price.	
Oct 18 2009 	A good experience in Thristle city Barbican	Went on a business trp to london , and this hotel was located right next to the barbican centre. The suite I stayed at was really nice and comfy, the area was fun to walk around and employees were very nice and helpful. I will stay here again. I booked my room through last minute travel and got a good deal.	
Oct 17 2009 	Never Again	TOP TIP - Dont bother. Shows how misleading 4 stars can be. Booked in by Conference Organizer. Took twenty minutes to check in SIX of us arriving together. Double Room was clean, cramped and tired. Shower &quot;dribbled&quot; when I turned the temperature down. Window catches in my room did not work, allowing in the noise of (I think) Central Street. Breakfast (described as &quot;homecooked&quot;) was desultory. Long queue to find formica table. Pile of bacon in the &quot;buffet&quot; looked disgusting - the smell of bacon (on the 6th floor) mentioned by a previous reviewer might have been when this bacon was cooked. Tomatoes seemed to have been &quot;cooked&quot; or warmed by passing through kitchen area, not necessarily touching any hot surface. Fruit salad looked appetising - but disappeared when I looked for this potentially tasty delight.	
Oct 17 2009 	Whew!	When the name of the mystery hotel was revealed, I read the reviews and felt sick! I was dreading the stay. However, I was pleasantly surprised. It was perfectly OK and I would choose to stay there again. My only comment is that it was quite hard to find and a better map would be helpful.The hotel is well placed for getting to Kings Cross Station, a 25 minute walk. I was most impressed by the area of Islington and enjoyed being there. In fact we had thought about going to a show, but having flopped down in our comfortable room we decided to chill out locally and have an early night. Loads of super little bars and restaurants. Went out for breakfast to a fabulous patisserie/cafe a 10 min stroll away. Didn't make the swimming pool in spite of that being the main attraction. Staff friendly and helpful. A good place to stay.	
Oct 16 2009 	Thistle Ghetto	This hotel has come to be known as the Thistle Ghetto amongst my colleagues and has thankfully been banned from our approved list of hotels. The location in the middle of an East London council estate is downright scary. The only reasonable way to get to and from the hotel is by taxi. I wouldn't walk on the street here in daylight, let alone at night. The rooms are tiny, the curtains and bedspread belong in a wigwam and there are suspicious stains everywhere. Don't bother ringing the front desk because they won't answer. And make sure to take your satnav if you want to find your room in this maze of a building. Want to get an idea of the service level than take a look at the 'auto-reply' comments which the hotel staff adds to each review on this site. The replies you will get from them in real live are about as helpful and relevant as these. Whatever you do, don't stay at this hotel!	
Oct 16 2009 	An hotel of two parts	The hotel was busy with many foreign visitors. The reception was prompt friendly and efficient. Although the room was clean the chairs were dirty and had holes in the fabric. Breakfast was an eye opener as they'd stolen the menu from the IKEA 99p breakfast but unfortunately not the IKEA chef and this was dreadful. Beverages were not served unless asked for. People were complaining as there were no cereal bowls, no juice, no glasses, no bread.......everything had to be requested. After a day out we returned to our room at approx 4pm, but it was not made up. We left when the lady arrived to do it but she made it obvious she was not happy about us being there.Despite the problems we were booked in for dinner and went to the dining room feeling miserable BUT what a fantastic meal, great service and good value.The hotel is quite q walk to the underground and should really do something about breakfast to keep custom.We wer on a Superbreak which was excellent value but I would have been very annoyed to pay the full B&amp;B price.	
Oct 14 2009 	The worst hotel I have stayed at in many years	Firstly let me say I travel a lot and I am not &quot;a complainer&quot;. This however was quite unbelievable. Firstly my room wasn't ready @ 14.00pm no big deal but not ideal. When I did check in across the way in the other building it was quite shoddy. The room was tiny with a prison style bed and one pillow. The TV had wires hanging off it. No air con. Damp patches were also visible as well. There were also holes in the wall where something had been removed. In the morning I was woken by an alarm call at 6.45am. I hadn't ordered one. The breakfast was really poor and the service non existent. I went to get some toast got back and someone else had been shown to my seat. The hotel is half a mile from Barbican as well. In short a shocker.	
Oct 7 2009 	don't	The room was not in the main building but adjacent and despite the contemporary public areas the bedroom was small and very outdated, screaming out for refurbishment, especially the dismal bathroom and my companion said the beds wouldn’t look out of place in a prison. The corridor layout is also a bit of a labyrinth.There was no lock on the bathroom door and the plug didn’t work meaning you have to continually top up the bath. The heating doesn’t work and the locks on the window were broken. Toiletries were minimal and not refreshed, not enough towels and no spare pillows, which isn’t helped by the staff’s lack of English. I have stayed in many hotels and they can be noisy so I always come prepared with ear plugs but the paper thin walls here were comical. You can hear absolutely everything. Luckily we were travelling with the people in our next room and we actually made our travel arrangements for the evening by talking through the joining wall!The hotel is very much away from all of the London action and the area was dead at the weekend. As with any city centre hotel don’t use the expensive hotel cars, you are less than a minute away from the main street and licensed black cabs.It wasn’t atrocious but I’m just glad I had such great company to detract from the above.	
Oct 3 2009 	Don't beleive everything you read!	Booked this hotel through a theatre breaks website when going to see hairspray for my partners birthday. Read a few reviews on other websites which seemed fine so booked the deal there and then. On the trip down to London my partner decided to read a few of the reviews on the internet and we both became extremely worried when viewing this website.Whilst the hotel was a little way away from the tube station it was easily walkable even with 3 pieces of heavy luggage. There were many convenient local amenities and the location is ideal for jumping on a 10 minute tube journey to the centre of london. When arriving at the hotel (extremely sceptical!) we were impressed by the spacious lobby and bar area. We left our bags with the concierge until we were able to check in and when we did check in we did not have to wait long at all and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful, offering to upgrade us to a suite for a certain price and then upgrading us to a superior room anyway free of charge!The hallways to the room were decidantly designed with marble flooring and impressive cracked-effect mirror feature on the wall on exiting the lift. As we opened our door, thinking that this would be where we would breathe a sigh of disapointment, we were again pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness and facilities within the room. I do not want to give anybody the impression that it is a 5* luxury hotel but it is certainly miles ahead of the likes of travel lodges or similar accomodation.We called downstairs for an ice bucket and for somebody to unlock our fridge and staff arrived within minutes to fulfill both of our requests.The main reason I chose the hotel was because it was the only mid-priced accomodation with leisure facilities. We visited the pool, sauna and steam room to relax before getting ready to go to the theatre and were both more than happy with the staff and facilites, even down to the gym which we were unfortunately unabel to use due to lack of time but appeared to be well kitted out.We did not have to wait to be seated for breakfast the next morning and the offerings were generally above average, and although there was a lack of fresh fruit we were met by cereals, yogurts, bakery items and a full spread of cooked foods, which you could help yourself to as much as you liked.All in all I would say the Thistle City Barbican is a fantastic hotel, made even better by its reasonable pricing. I would choose this hotel any day over a Travel Lodge or something simillar.	
Oct 2 2009 	i loved it!	I had a lovely time at this hotel. I went for 2 nights over the valentines weekends. On arrival we got offered an upgrade but declined due to money. We were given our room key and went upstairs. Our room was lovely..big flat screen tv with lots of channels. Big bathroom with lots of towels on the heated rack. It was clean with lots of toiletries. The beds were clean and comfy. The only issues with the room was that our mini fridge was broken but we didnt mind. On the first morning we went down for breakfast and go served straight away. There was no brown bread avalible but we asked for it and got it straight away. The second morning we had a 5 minute wait to be seated. The pool sauna and steam room facilities were good. The changing rooms ahve ghd straighners in so there no need to bring your own. I forgot my makeup remover so i asked a member of staff and they bought me some free of charge.The pros were the prcies of products in the bar..beans on toast via room service is £9!!The location didnt bother us..it really isnt in a rough area of town. it was a 10 min wakl max from the tube to us and then we walked all the way to the london eye so if your young or fit and have a map then its fine. I would definitely recommend this hotel..in fact im going again in december!	
Oct 1 2009 	Do not stay here!!!	I had the misfortune of staying at the Thistle Barbican as I was working in London for 3 days late September. I'm used to staying in hotels of a lower standard than I would usually choose when travelling for pleasure when I go away on business, so I always have quite low expectations...and boy did Thistle Barbican manage to drag my expectations down to murky levels. Firstly, the area isn't great, which if you're there on business isn't such a problem, but for tourists it is in the wrong area and a good 15 minutes through a rough part of town to the tube. My allocated room was small by any standards, badly in need of redecoration. The walls are paper thin, so if you have anyone in the room next to you, be prepared to hear every word they say or listen to their choice of TV channel. I think I got 3 hours sleep a night between the noise next door and the slamming doors. The service was very poor, I phoned reception to ask for an iron at 6pm on day 1 and it hadn't materialised by the time I checked out, despite numerous further requests. I was woken at 11.30pm on night 2 by 2 strange men banging on my door and trying to handle - which by the way wasn't very sturdy and I didn't feel very safe as a solo female traveller. I phoned reception who, after 15 minutes sent a 'security guard' who advised me to put the latch on the door...there wasn't one. Other annoyances include the queue for breakfast (I saw people who were queuing for over 15 minutes to get a seat). They ran out of milk, glasses and juice and a pot of tea I ordered never arrived. The only positive thing I can say is the concierege guys were very friendly and efficient. All in all, no matter the deal or desperation, I would NEVER stay here again.	
Sep 30 2009 	All fur coat and no knickers!	I booked via lastminute.com; secret hotel deal for a 2 day trip to see Coldplay in Wembley Stadium.Upon arrival we were impressed with the lobby and thought we had 'bagged a bargin' however we were disappointed when we got to the allocated room. It was in dire need of redecoration and did not reflect the decor of the rest of the hotel - perhaps these rooms are allocated to 'last minute bookers' only? That said the queen size bed, bedding and the towels were clean - always my priority in a room!Unlike most others, it would seem, we were not offered a room upgrade at check in. The reception staff were pleasant even if a little slow. The 'room only' booking proved to be the best option as there is a little cafe opposite that does a great value all day breakfast; highly recommended and I suspect better than paying £20 per person for the B&amp;B option at the hotel?The downstairs 'bar 120' prices leave alot to be desired - a shot of premium vodka = £6.50 with no mixer! But it does stay open until 1.30am.The location is a little far out if you can't manage a 10 minute walk to Old Street tube station and I would recommend that once you set out for the day, you plan it so that you don't have to go back to the hotel until you are finished (we wasted alot of time going back and fore) The area was ok; quiet bar for a few sirens here and there during the night - I've seen worse though!We managed to flag a taxi down right outside the hotel entrance and paid £18 to get to Victoria Coach Station, well worth it so that you dont have to lug your cases on and off the 3 packed tube trains that it would take to get there otherwise!	
Sep 30 2009 	This is not a 4 star hotel	My wife and I prebooked a De-luxe double room. We expected a 4 star standard but got a room more appropriate to a hostel. The wallpaper was stained in places, grimy all over and peeling. There were soot stains on the ceiling above the wall lights. The carpet had threadbare patches and the chair was badly stained. There was no toilet paper and just one towel for the two of us, and the ceiling light in the bathroom did not work. We could not book breakfast as the computer was not printing. Vouchers were promised but never materialised. In the end we went to a local cafe for an English breakfast. Good food and excellent value at £4 compared to £15 in the hotel. The hotel staff were fine but the management needs to redecorate the bedrooms if the hotel is to be worth the rating that it claims.	
Sep 27 2009 	A lot better than previous reviews suggest	We booked this hotel via lastminute.com mystery hotels for £84 room only. This was only £2 more than a Travelodge and was good value considering you got a 4 star hotel, gym, pool, sauna etc for that price. I was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews but we had a good stay. The steam room was out of action when we visited but we used the pool and sauna and the gym and spa looked nice.The public areas of the hotel e.g. reception and the hallways on the floor we were staying looked tidy and may have been recently renevated. We had a standard room after turning down the option to upgrade and we were glad we didn't bother upgrading. It wasn't huge, but it was pleasant and the bathroom was good. There was a flatscreen TV, tea and coffee as you would expect, a hairdryer, iron and nice toiletries in the bathroom. The shower was nice and hot and the bed comfy and it was spotlessly clean.It was a little warm in the room. The air con made a bit of a difference but didn't cool it down a lot, but it wasn't uncomfortably warm.We didn't have breakfast in the hotel and instead went across the road to the Barbican Cafe and Restaurant. 2 breakfast rolls and two cups of tea came to £5.10, highly recommended.It is true that the tube is a bit of a walk away - we used Old Street and the walk was between 10 and 15 minutes. However if we had had large and heavy bags we wouldn't have used the tube anyway. We got a cab back from Trafalgar Square after our night out and it was £11 after midnight so not bad.The comments about the area are over-dramatic. Yes, it borders a council estate but it was hardly Beruit. I think some reviewers must have led very sheltered lives. I wouldn't have walked back alone after dark but then I wouldn't walk anywhere alone after dark.We would stay there again if we got it for this price.	
Sep 19 2009 	OK but that's it.	This hotel is not in a great location as it is not that near any tube stations. It is walkable from the nearest stations, but if you have luggage I'd get a cab.The room was OK....I had a single room booked by my company (they try to get you to upgrade when you check in, even though my company had pre paid they try to get you to upgrade with your own money. I declined although apprently the upgraded rooms are much better). The sinlge bed was bigger than I expected (a very large single) and much better than other other single beds I've had in London hotels. The room had most things you wanted a hair dryer and iron (although old!) and a good flat screen TV which was good as it saved space. The bathroom was not great though, my toilet did not flush properly and it was just outdated and did not seem that clean to me.The room was freezing cold and the heating did not work. After calling reception and waiting over an hour I was brought a heater.We did not eat our evening meal in the hotel, choosing to go out for food. Be aware this is not a great area of London to go out in for food, although we did find a nice Thai a 10 min walk away.Breakfast the next morning was really really bad. We had to queue (not becuase it was full though they were just really slow). Our table was only have laid which was bad. None of the staff seemed to speak English I asked for vegetarian sausages and after three requests and three different people asked was given a sachet of tomato sauce and a bowl of brown sause (they though I wanted vegetarian sauses!). It emerged there were no vegetarian sausages. I would not usually mind but the fruit selection was dire. The rest of the breakfast was really bad too, with staff really ignorant and food just not cooked.In the morning we had a 'shuttle' to the tube station. The shuttle is a people carrier with nice spacious seats (only 4) which is not great when you have queues of people waiting for a lift. The conceirge was rude when asked about it, although the porter really friendly. Some people were made to sit on the plastic bits in between seats, I refused as this is not only dangerous but probably illegal too. Overall I would not choose to stay here again, but if I had to with work I just know to get taxis, bring food from a supermarket for tea and skip breakfast!	
Sep 16 2009 	Travelodge rooms seem clean and modern in comparison	Got this room on lastminute.com, payed £130 for one night, thought i'd treat myself instead of checking into the Kings Cross travelodge, what a waste of money, the hotel was dismal, unpleasent staff who's only word to me was to bark 'no breakfast', then i was given the furthest room in the old part, peeling wallpaper a bathroom that looked like it was from a 1970's b&amp;b. An experience very far away from their promotional shots. I end up wishing i'd saved £50 and got a room at the Kings Cross Travellodge, which i've stayed in before, and which is much more honest about what they offer, and has nicer bathrooms. The best i can say is adequate, maybe they have better rooms, but not it seems for anybody arriving with a lastminute.com prepay. Last word: Avoid	
Sep 16 2009 	4 Star???!!! Never!	Stayed at the hotel after booking on Lastminute.com. Upon check in an unfriendly woman told us that we had a twin room that was the standard for bookings on Lastminute and that there was nothing she could do about it.Reception area seems fine but rooms are appaling.Hard flat beds with worn linen. Threadbare towels. Broken window with no aircon. Broken tap and television with only one channel properly tuned, others unwatchable. Dirty ceiling covered in water stains and the previous occupant's hair all over the bathroom!Definitely worth avoiding!	
Sep 15 2009 	Good stay with three prices for the stay	My partner and I had been to the Thistle City Barbican twice before (a third time we were moved to the Thistle Euston as they were full). I booked a room using the Thistle Price Guarantee. This reduced the price of the deluxe double room from £165 quoted on the website to £88.33. On arrival, we were advised the price of the room was over £100. Cue pulling out the email with the price quoted and a quick chat between the receptionist and the manager and we were quoted a room rate of £80.50. We checked in, went down to the pool (steam room was broken) for a quick swim and had a great night out.Breakfast was good - even though we had the last two pieces of bread for the toaster (!) and another swim before check out. This time, the price was £88.55. Cue a short discussion with the receptionist which resulted in paying £88.33. Would recommend using the Thistle Price Guarantee (although you have to email to remind them a couple of times!) as you can get a good deal. Would consider going back here if the price was right!	
Sep 14 2009 	Sorry Thistle the reviews were right about you :-(	We booked a 2 night stay as part of a Theatre break, 4 star Hotel?-Sorry it does not in my opinion qualify for a 4 star Hotel. I have to say 'Holiday Inn' do it better!We arrived positive, went up to our room, first reactions:CONS:-Very dated-old wood style units, wallpaper peeling and bubbling, burn mark on the desk-Bathroom very small, (I could not shut the door when sitting down and using the toilet as it hit my knees!) no lock on bathroom door, a strange wooden square compartment in the middle of the tiles behind the shower-picture attached. sealant around bath/sink/toilet peeling off.-Room service very slow-no joke 6 attempts is what it took to get hold of someone from reception to help us.-Desk fan frontage flew off when I turned it on-bit of a H&amp;S worry there! -Maids/staff come in to your room rather than wait for you to get back if they need something from it, i.e. I had a Iron &amp; Ironing Board brought up, and when I got back it had disappeared!? I Put the 'Do not disturb' on door the next morning, (as I was told to do so sarcastically by a member of staff when I complained about staff/maids just coming in &amp; out) but the maids came in anyway? It just meant that I couldn’t relax in the room as it was made clear to me that it was not my own even though I had paid for it for 2 nights.-My in-laws were put in the block across the way (as the building is in 2 parts) it was my mother-in law's birthday but she had to suffer with an extremely hot room, and no cold running water. A fan was brought up but they still had to wedge the door open to let air in-This really needs to be addressed if it is to live up to its 4 star status. -Quite a walk from Old Street if you have luggage in tow.PROS: -Nice breakfasts, dinner was tasty- good food service. (Although 3 hairs were found in my families food/drink-not pleasant.)-Flat screen LCD TVs in the rooms.-Tea &amp; Coffee making facilities in rooms.-Beds quite comfy.	
Sep 14 2009 	OK	Just about the only hotel with vacancies when I booked 2 days before staying. This hotel was not as bad as the reviews suggested but for the money it was not great. Location is acceptable but not the best, local area offers little and a taxi is probably advised late at night. Room was basic with no a/c but an efficient and quiet fan. Only one electric socket to share between TV, kettle and my mobile charger!! I am not very big but if you sat on the loo you had to lean to one side due to the positioning of the sink. Over bath shower controls were difficult and getting the temperature right was a challenge. Room modest size with twin singles which where were confortable. Expensive at £150 a night room only and whilst it was acceptable I will not rush back	
Aug 31 2009 	Mixed Feelings	We stayed here as part of a package and had two twin rooms. My room was spacious for a budget hotel with enough space to walk round the bed. The bathroom was clean but the shower was a bit old and could do with a bit of a revamp. The bedroom was also dated but there was a huge new lcd tv (that was plugged into a broken plug socket!). The hotel was quite busy and I don't think that the staff could handle the number of people taking breakfast. Both mornings of our stay we had to take breakfast in a meeting room as the main restaurant wasn't big enough for the number of guests. The overall service of the staff was quite good and the concierge let us know where to go and what to do.Overall I think this hotel is average and good value if you manage to get it as part of a package deal. I wouldn't want to pay their advertised price of £150 plus for the standard twin room I had!	
Aug 23 2009 	Utterly Disgusting!	I stayed here with three business colleagues. The room, in the &quot;annexe&quot; section was so small you couldn't swing a mouse in it let alone a cat! The room was dirty, the ceiling stained , furnishings tatty, bathroom grubby. I asked for another room which they said was not possible - claimed to be full. The room was very hot and opening the window impossible because of loud street noise until 3am.Next morning breakfast a disaster. Absolutely no concept of service - staff conspicuous by their absence. On checkout I said that based on my experience and that of colleagues forthwith the hotel was removed from our corporate list. Fortunately one of my colleagues approves the list! Then of course profuse apologies etc etc. Too late they're gone.NOBODY SHOULD STAY HERE THERE ARE MUCH better ones around and at similar prices.	
Aug 19 2009	excellent experience!!	We stayed here for one night as part of a hen do. I was so worried after reading the reviews; but found it an utter joy! The room was spacious with nice views of st. pauls ( i think it was, lol).It was a bit tricky to find; we came from 'barbican stn' as old strret stn is closed on the weekends.My favourite part was the breakfast! Would definitely reccommend people to stay here as excellent location. (£20 black cab to leicester square).	
Aug 19 2009 	Reasonable hotel....but not great location	I have stayed at this hotel on business this week and it is a reasonable hotel. On the plus side the room I had was a decent size, although calling it a DELUXE double is a tad ambitious. The service was very pleasant both at reception and also in the lounge bar where i had a reasonable quality sandwich. In addition the rate was only about £110 a night so not bad value. The negatives have to start with the location as i havent stayed in central london hotel which is so far from a tube station before. It is a good 10 minute walk to Old street. There also isnt much to do around the hotel in terms of food, pubs etc. I did also over hear a few complaints at reception but to be fair i have no idea if they were justified or not. Would in stay again... perhaps but this was a last minute stop over and with a bit more planning.	
Aug 16 2009 	Nowhere near as bad as I expected it to be after reading other reviews	After booking this hotel through lastminute.com and then reading the reviews posted here, I was very concerned about staying at this hotel. However, I need not have worried!We arrived at the hotel at 10 am, far in advance of the 2pm check in time and were checked in immediately. We took the upgrade for £15, having paid very little for our room in the first place we were happy to do this. The room was clean, the air conditioning worked and we came back to a lovely cool room after miles of trekking London on a sticky day. The bathroom was quite small but how much room do you need?! The staff were polite and helpful despite there being a high demand for breakfast and a long queue. The queue moved quickly enough, but it is something to consider if you have an early start.I used the pool, sauna and steam room which were clean and well maintained and not too busy. The location of the hotel is not ideal. The area feels safe enough but if we had wanted to stoll out in the evening for something to eat this would not have been possible. If you can get a discounted room for this hotel and you're not too bothered about being a 10 minute walk from the tube and well out of the tourist area then I would definitely recommend staying here.	
Aug 14 2009 	Only Average	Stayed for 1 night for an early start business meeting, I drove in and found it ok, the hotel is just inside the congestion charging zone so expenses down £16 to start with parking outside was easy, they have few spaces though and charge £20 per 24hrs.my company uses a booking agent and they had the booking but they said it had not been paid, it had when i checked, but i had to pay myself on check out.I was offered an upgrade for £25 for air con, i took the upgrade and i am glad I did after reading the reviews on this site.The room was ok, comfortable large bed, flat screen tv, tea and coffee. The bathroom was a bit cramped and the shower was not very powerfull considering this is classed as a 4star hotel.incidentaly, the signing to the room is terrible, I ended up wandering the corridors loaded with luggage and lap top trying to find my room, when ieventualy found it, it took several attempts for the key to work.I did not eat in the hotel, having arranged to meet a collegue for dinner, but on leaving the hotel, i noticed several coaches of italian tourists arriving, they were queing for the lift and rudely did not wait for me to exit before charging in.It was a different story at Breakfast, when I came down at 7.45 there was a queue back to the lifts waiting for a table, I cancelled my breakfast, checked out and ate at a costa on my walk into Barbican.didn't use the leisure facilities so can't comment.overall, the hotel is quite convenient for driving and staying if you need to get into City, recomend you upgrade though and this makes it pricey.	
Aug 13 2009 	no where near 4* quality	billed as a 4* luxury hotel in great location this hotel fails to deliver...the room was tiny and stuffy. Instead of air conditioning we found a fan reministant of a Thai hostel which made too much noise to sleep	
Aug 11 2009 	awful rooms very very expensive for what you receive	_ stayed for two nights. put in awful single rooms costing nearly 200 per night. grotty, no air con (mid summer boliing hot!). lift broke so had to walk down stairs which would have been ok but they are also grotty. had waiter knock on door at 7 am for room serivce when hadnt ordered it and did not even apoligse for waking up. breakfast very basic. firend had a wake up call on both days she did not order and woke here up at 6 am both days. keys wuldnt work when we arrived abck late at night and had to get amintace up to sort it out. a big walk form tube. after having travled around the world, i stayed in better hotels in the 3rd world! the main problem is you would put up with the hotel if it was cheap- however it is not and it was a big waste of money .	
Aug 10 2009 	better than we hoped	Stayed one night as part of a package that included organised trips. Having read the rev iews on trip advisor we prepared for the worse but were pleasantly surprised. We arrived at lunchtime, but the room was ready. We were not offered an upgrade so decided to check the room first and ask for upgrade if necessary. The room was not 4 star quality, more budget style, but it was fairly large with huge but dated bathroom. Room and bathroom were clean, bed comfortable, tea and coffee and safe. As we did not upgrade we did not have a fridge or air conditioning, however, we were on the 6th floor so felt quite safe leaving the windows open and leaving on the fan that had been placed in the room. We found the staff very helpful and polite. Our only complaints would be the queue for breakfast. We needed to leave the hotel by 8.15am, so headed down for breakfast at 7.30am only to find the breakfast room already full and about 50 people in front of us waiting for a table. It took about 15 mins to be seated so had to rush our breakfast. A shame as it was good - hot food and fresh rolls. The only other problem with this hotel is the location. Beware the NCP car park near the htoel does not open at weekends and the hotel charge £20 per day to park. We parked at the NCP at Aldersgate Street which is next to Barbican Satation. Whether coming from the car park or the station you will have a 15 min. walk to the hotel partly through a residential area. This is a long walk with luggage although arriving back at the hotel near to midnight on Saturday, we did not feel threatened by the area at all.Probably wouldn't stay here again because of the location.	
Aug 5 2009 	Beyond awful	Atrocious, firstly this hotel is in the middle of nowhere, you need a taxi just to get to the nearest tube station. Upon arrival they couldn't find my booking and took 30 mins to check me in blaming my companies booking agent, but then reported me to the booking agent for not showing up despite me having the misfortune to stay here for two nights! My room was tiny and scruffy, there were builders lamps lighting the corridor, the maid left my window wide open onto a low roof in the central area of the hotel so that anyone could have helped themselves to my belongings, I couldn't get an outside line and my wife couldn't ring in, my TV wouldn't work and despite ringing reception they wouldn't answer, and when I went down to the front desk I found the staff talking and ignoring the phone. To add further insult I had booked an early morning call which never came, resulting in me turning up late for the meeting I had travelled to London for in the first place. I wouldn't return if they paid me.	
Aug 4 2009 	shocking dump!!	stayed for 2 nights at the weekend check in took over 30 mins and nearly got shunted to another hotel as they didnt have room requested room was shockingly dated window jameed down and couldnt open,safe didnt operate,door hanging off iron cupboard,shower sprayed water all over the bathroom,bath handle hanging off,toilet flush barely flushed!! bar prices expensive even by london standards.cost over £100 a night for room only avoid!!!	
Aug 3 2009	Excellent value for money if you are travelling with a tour company and have paid a good price	After reading some of the reviews on this hotel, I feel that I have to make a comment on the hotel. I must say that my two friends and myself felt a bit apprehensive after reading other peoples reviews. We stayed Sat 1st Aug and we could not fault the hotel apart from the tv, which we could not get to work, but I'm sure it would only take a call to reception to sort it out. As I have already stated we paid peanuts for this trip which was a one night stay in London. We stayed on the 2nd floor and our friend stayed in the annex. Both rooms were excellent with everything that you would require including tea, coffee, iron, hair dryer, tv, mini bar, extra pillows, toiletries and clean towels. Both rooms were very clean and furnished well. It was very peaceful, no traffic noise and although there was a stag and a hen party staying at the hotel that night we didn't here a thing all night. If you intend to use the tube, the Barbican is a fair walk (about 15-20 mins) but three ladies approaching 50 and not exactly fit managed it, no problem. It is on the circle line and allows for easy access everywhere. All public areas in hotel are clean, comfortable and attractive with a free daily newspaper to pick up from reception. It gets very busy at breakfast time, so best to avoid peak times or you will be joining quite a large queue. Breakfast good (self service) but wish they could keep their food warmer. The staff are very pleasant and attentive. I would have no problem staying at this hotel again.	
Aug 1 2009 	Very good if you get one of the better rooms.	Upgraded to a suite for £15 extra per night after seeing normal room. Suite very good and excellent value for money with the package we had. The rooms in the annex and top two floors of main building aren't very nice as reflected in some of the comments. The common areas such as the leisure facilities and reception and bar are very smart. Bus stop very close with number 4 straight to the centre. No problems with the area. walked to the tube with family with no concerns. Got bus back late at night. Service in the hotel very good. No probelm at breakfast time although ate after 9. Overall good experience but could have been disappointed with original room. Not 4 star. Restaurent/bar pricy.	
Jul 30 2009 	European Tour	This hotel wasn't the best out of the hotels our group of over 500 musicians stayed at, but the rooms were very nice, yet small. We were cramped into a small room with 3 beds when it looks like it has enough room to fit one, but for a group of teens, it was more than sufficient.	
Jul 28 2009 	never again worst hotel I've stayed in......	Only just seen all the other reviews, I stayed with my husband in January to attend a party locally. Our room was tiny, barely any ventilation. The heating rattled and shook &amp; could not be controlled. There was one usable plug socket stuffed away under a desk which was too far away to use and if you wanted to boil the kettle the Tv had to be unplugged first. The room badly needed decorating maybe turned back into the cupboard it once was!The bathroom was as if it too had been adapted from a cupboard, a small cupboard, the sink overlapped the toilet and you could barely turn around in there.NEVER AGAIN!	
Jul 28 2009 	Excellent Service	I think the other reviewers were staying in a different hotel to myself. I could not fault the City Barbican Hotel. The staff were courteous and helpful. It was very busy when we were there, but nothing was too much trouble, No queuing for dinner or breakfast. The food was excellent. The room was comfortable and cleaned each day. The water was very hot when we required a shower. The spa was clean and available. If I had to make any negative comment it would be that I would have liked a kettle in the room for making tea.	
Jul 21 2009 	Don't do it!!!	I can never be bothered spending the time to write reviews but I feel I have to warn other about this hotel. This was my first trip to London and I loved the place but would not recommend this hotel to anyone.For a start there is absolutely no way this hotel is the 4* standard advertised on last minute.com. I spent a lot of time researching hotels and used the 'secret hotel' offer but would never make this mistake again. Upon arrival (after a good 15 min walk from the tube station through a questionable area) we were asked at reception if we would like to upgrade out room for only £15 for the 3 nights, which we obviously took! Who knows what a normal room would have been like, there was only enough space in the room for a double bed! I even had problems squeezing past the end of the bed and the dressing table and I'm a size 6!The shower was also terrible, switched it on and it went sideways instead of downwards! Couldn't even get the shampoo rinsed out of my hair! After complaining to reception about our 'upgraded' room they moved us to a bigger one without any hassle (2 single beds pushed together obviously), so think they were just chancing their luck because we were a young couple.The spa area was also very unclean, and the floors from the ladies changing room even to the pool area was dirty, the both times we used it. We spent a lot of money to stay at this hotel but wouldn't like anybody else to make the same mistake we did. I have stayed at much much nicer budget hotels than this one.	
Jul 19 2009 	Not great. Other better options are available	The price was good so I took a chance on this place despite the reviews that suggested it was a gamble. They weren't wrong, most of what you read here is accurate. My favourite sight in the hotel was a kebab that someone had thrown into the (external) stair well. It had obviously been there some time but clearly none of the hotel staff cared enough to clean it up. That's the general impression of the place - nobody gives a monkeys.Facts: Clean room, sufficient towels and toiletries, tea and coffee, comfortable enough beds. But stuffy &amp; hot, thin walls, dated and generally uncared for.I've stayed in better places for less in London, and won't return here.	
Jul 14 2009 	I won't be returning	Am sat in room writing this. Here on business and this was the nearest and most affordable hotel for me. Next time i'll look for something nicer and further away.This hotel has entered my top#5 worst hotels list. On check-in, go for the upgrade if you can, otherwise you'll end up in the 'tower' and stay in a room which is more like a university hall of residence than a £100/night hotel room. Single bed is tiny, furniture is very dated, fan doesn't work and window doesn't open much. But, the TV is good!The location doesn't seem to be that nice so feeling cowardly, I ate in the brasserie. All the solo diners were lined up on tiny tables, pretending to be engrossed in a book/newspaper/mobile, whilst actually inwardly sobbing. The service was unfriendly and when i asked for a glass of water, i was almost scoffed at. The Caeser salad was a strange brown colour, and i wasn't convinced with the chicken, although they made up for it with a very generous amount of croutons. Thrown in some anemic chips and you'll be given a bill for £17, with the service charge already added, for your convenience.I asked for the service charge to be removed, and scampered back to my shoe box/room. It's only 2045 and i'm going to sleep to escape the experience.This is the first review i've written, i've tried to be balanced, and note previous reviewers' comments, but really, if you do have a choice, don't choose this hotel.	
Jul 13 2009 	Better options available	Booked this through lastminue.com and upon arrival were given a room in the tower block across the road that was similar to the £8per night hostel I stayed in in Dublin. Wallpaper coming off, small, twin camp beds (we'd booked a double) and definately didn't reflect the official star rating this hotel has. Upgraded at cost to a &quot;deluxe double&quot; that was anything but deluxe - comparable to a travelodge but as x4 the cost. Not enough bath towels, broken shower, air conditioning that sounding like mating elephants, dated (gharish) decor where just some of the problems. Staff were pleasent and helpful but struggled to speak clear Engish. The food was acceptable but vastly overpriced as where the drinks	
Jul 13 2009 	Nice hotel needs a bit of 'Hotel Babylon' treatment!	Spent the weekend there. Upgraded from a standard to a deluxe room - ha ha, this meant we had a bigger bed and air con. The room decor was dated, room and bathroom was clean, but hand basin was cracked. This sort of thing lets the hotel down and does not make you think you are staying in a 4 star establishment! The reception, bar and restaurant areas were modern and of a good standard, but the staff uniforms looked unkempt and a touch shabby and ill fitting - not the image I would want for my staff in a hotel. Breakfast was not too bad, bacon was cooked en-mass so you had to pick through it. We ate in the restaurant and the food was lovely. All in a ll a good stay in a central location but the hotel needs to pull its socks up image wise.	
Jul 13 2009 	Just "average" in a poor location	I stayed at the Thistle Barbican recently after a night out in London with work. I arrived at Old Street station as per the advice from their concierge and started the supposedly short 10 minute walk to the hotel. Now, it was around 1am and I have to admit that I was slightly intoxicated, however the hotel was a major pain in the backside to find and the area surrounding (at least in the middle of the night) isn't very nice. I wouldn't imagine it's very safe for female travellers near there after dark and even as a 16 stone skinhead bloke, I was a little &quot;on edge&quot;.Once I found the hotel check in was relatively quick although the receptionist did give me a card to sign with someone else's details on. I was upgraded to a deluxe King (I think that's what she called it) free of charge. Finding the room was a bit difficult as the signs seemed to stop every so often so you would approach a t-junction in the coirridor without a sign saying which way the room was. The room itself was just average really. It did have a kingsize bed although this was the usual two beds pushed together resulting in a big hard ridge running down the middle. The room had a nice big LCD TV but the channels available were very few and all a bit naff really. All the usual tea/coffee, iron, safe etc. No aircon but there was a ceiling fan.The bathroom was fairly spacious for a London hotel and very clean with the usual complimentary toiletries. Check out (once I'd found the desk again) was fairly quick, no messing around.All in all there's not a great deal either way, good or bad to say about the place. The room and hotel in general were just fairly average for a London hotel, the only thing really that lets it down is it's poor location.	
Jul 12 2009 	a return visit	I wasn't impressed to find I was booked in to this hotel following a previous trip however I checked in very late nr midnight and was rewarded with pleasant reception staff and upgraded to a suite. The rooms were comfy and clean but sadly the key thing for a female traveller the hair dryer dryer not work! Nor was i rewarded with a hot chocalte or biscuit small things but almost expected these days.The breakfast was tasty enough and taxis were plentiful. This hotel is not close to the tube but does run a shuttle to a time table.	
Jul 11 2009 	Average hotel tired rooms	Stayed here recently for 5 nights on business. It's a 10 minute walk from Old Street tube which I didn't find too onerous. It was well located for what I needed, but what I needed was fairly specific. If you are here as a tourist, perhaps best to stay in a different part of London. First impression is that the neighbourhood could be a little sketchy, but actually there was no litter/broken glass and I had no issues returning on foot around 10PM on a couple of occasions. On arrival, the receptionist offered a room upgrade which thankfully I accepted. When I got to the room, I didn't want to imagine what the standard rooms were like! It had been rather warm in London recently so I was glad of the A/C, however it only seemed to cool intermittently. There was an iron &amp; trouser press in the room, however the ironing board was built into the trouser press unit. This was located right next to the door which made it awkward to use.The room was tired at the corners and could do with a refresh. The fridge definitely needed to be replaced, it seemed to impart a flavour on anything kept in it for a day or so. There was no damage to the furniture, but for an 'executive' room it was a fair bit below what you would find in say a Holiday Inn.The bathroom was clean but a little tired. Basic toiletries were supplied but the towels left a lot to be desired. They were harsh and a little small (and I'm not overweight!) and had obviously had a hard life.The communal areas were in a lot better shape. The pool, sauna, steam room &amp; whirlpool were all clean and in good condition. The bar area is small and a little formal, it could do with some more lounge-type couch seating. I didn't eat in the restaurant but did have breakfast there as it was included in my rate. Breakfast was typical buffet style, it could have been improved with more fresh fruit.For around £110/night inc. breakfast in central London, I was satisfied if not overjoyed. I'm not sure I would choose it for my next stay.	
Jul 6 2009 	don't stay here unless you're desperate	I'm afraid I'm joining the many negative reviews. Having never written on trip advisor before and normally very satisfied with basic hotels, I feel forced to vent my frustrations. I'll keep it brief, but the room was about 40 degrees with no air conditioning available. There was a plug in fan which I had to leave whirring all night to get any sleep. The cold and hot taps in my room both poured out scalding hot water which made having a glass of water and a shower very unpleasant. The staff were polite but incredibly unhelpful. When asked if I could have some sort of breakfast sent to my room, even a croissant or bowl of cereal would have been fine, as I had to leave before 6:30am, I was led around in unhelpful circles for an hour. Eventually when I had fallen asleep a man knocked on my room with a lunch menu and no way of me ordering anything, at which point I gave up. I was also charged £2 for a small tube of toothpaste which I had to extract from a vending machine. When I pay £132 for one nights accomodation I don't really expect this.Basically I really wouldn't stay here again if you paid me, which is pretty bad considering I was only there for one night and normally stay in much cheaper hotels.	
Jul 6 2009	fantastic staff - not so great location	stayed here on a theatre break. room was fine - we could open our windows enough to enjoy a lovely breeze, comfy beds, clean room and bathroom, nice TV. kettle did not work but staff sorted it out immediately. no biscuits! breakfast was very busy but was managed excellently by staff. the only downside was the location - tubes a 15 minute walk, shuttle bus did not run on weekends (!!!), so cost us a fortune in taxi fares, which is why I give it 3 stars instead of 4.	
Jun 27 2009 	Very Poor = Wont be back	I travel to London on business pretty-much every week. I usually stay closer into the city but was booked into this hotel because of Wimbledon (not many rooms to be had!).Was been booked into a standard single grade room - asked about upgrade on check-in, offered a suite - not necessary given I was only staying for one night.* Room very small - about 6 ft wide by 12 ft* No aircon - a free-standing electric fan had been provided! (too noisy to run at night - and happened to be one of the hottest nights of the year so far!!)&quot; En-suite looked like it hadn't been updated since the '70s - very basic* In summary, the room had the feeling of a student dorm - very functional* Massive queue into breakfast - only one person checking folk in and seeing them to their tables - very frustrating given the number of senior staff buzzing around* Breakfast buffet very basic - great (I suppose) if you want a fully cooked breakfast - otherwise limited selection - e.g. poor selection of fruit (about 3 selections of prunes, etc out of tins) * Staff pleasant and helpful - I valued the free shuttle to the tube (NB This hotel IS NOT in easy walking distance from a tube station)I chose not to eat in the hotel - didn't look very appealingThere are more comfortable and better value hotels in London	
Jun 25 2009 	DO NOT stay here	This is definitely the worst hotel i have stayed at in London, and i stay there pretty much every week. I have not ever felt sufficiently compelled to write a review like this, so please take note. In summary:1. Location - if i did not know London very well, i would have been intimidated to walk around the area as the hotel is basically situated in a rough council estate and definitely not in the part of Clerkenwell that you might be familiar with2. Room v small and stuffy with no air conditionining or ability to open windows. Also random cover up paint all over walls and door - worse than a student house;3. Walls are paper thin and i could hear coversations from rooms on all sides. This, combined with various noises of fighting etc from outside, made sleeping impossible;4. The desk in the room was torn and splintered to add to the fact that there was no free internet; made it difficult to work;5. I requested an iron no less than 3 times before someone finally came back to me to say that none were available until the morning, making it very difficult for me to have a shirt ready for an early meeting;6. The bathroom was shabby and the mirror located about 4 foot from the basin, which made shaving very tricky - and no shaving mirror.I could go on, but compared to most of the other hotels i have stayed in in London, at a similar price, this place is an absolute pit. Mr Thistle, you should be very ashamed. Thinking about it, the only hotel which even comes close to being this bad is the Thistle Westminster, there is a trend here i believe!Adam Baddeley	
Jun 22 2009 	fantastic hotelthough a little out of the way.	Our first impression of the Thistle-city barbican hotel was very good,entrance and lobby was very clean and staff where very friendly and helpful,though we where a little concerned by the location as it did seam a little out of the way.when we arrived at the hotel we where asked if we wanted to 'upgrade' our room for £30 for the 2 nights,which we agreed and we where upgraded to the 'suite' which was fantastic,we cant believe the bargain we had(though i think we where quite lucky,as not everyone will get this treatment), our room had air conditioning,king size bed,tv,etc. etc. breakfast was served from 7-11am and is a buffet style breakfast with a selection of full english,breads,cereal,juice etc,which was great because you could help yourself you can have as much or little as you want. very recommended..though if you are staying here try and get yourself an upgrade as our room(for the money) was fantastic.	
Jun 21 2009 	Don't believe a word!	I have just got back from a weekend London break and had serious reservations about this hotel (selected by a local (Yorkshire) coach tour company) having read so many negative reviews. I travelled with seven friends, and between us we had reserved a triple and two double rooms. On arrival at the hotel we were quickly checked in ... initially we were a little disappointed not to have had our rooms close together (our own fault I guess, having not anticipated and pre arranged this.) However, we decided it wouldn't be a problem as we could easily meet up in the foyer later. Although, as with many London hotels the exterior of the hotel was'nt particularly grand, you shouldn't be deceived as the foyer, bars, restaurants and corridors were spacious and plush. When we entered our room (the triple) all three of us were delighted with it. We were surprised to find that we had been given the 'premier executive suite', and assumed that we had just landed lucky to be given such a well presented room. It was exactly as on the websites photos - brightly and attractively decorated in yellows and reds, with a double bed and sofa bed. It was the little added extras that made it all the more special - colour coordinated cushions, plants, dressing gown, toiletries etc. We really couldn't believe that we had come to the same place as described on this site, yet felt a little guilty thinking our friends would probably not be in rooms of the same standard... a guilt that didn't last long, however, as they both informed me that their rooms were &quot;beautiful&quot;. I forgot to say that mine and one of the other rooms were in the main building and the other one was in the adjoining building - a few steps across the covered entrance area. We decided to eat out at Covent garden in the evening, and asked the staff if they could help us out with arranging a taxi. This was done within minutes, and the hotel helped arrange a fixed price with the drivers (which for the seven of us worked out about £7 each for two cabs including return journey - probably cheaper than the tube and far less stressful.)On return to the hotel a few hours later, we enjoyed a quiet drink in the hotel bar. Breakfast was (I think) from seven to eleven - plenty of choice - cereals, fruit, full English etc - I couldn't fault it. Perhaps this hotel isn't as central as we would have liked, but it really wasn't a problem. We didn't really plan to stay around the hotel area anyhow - just to use it as a base. I can honestly say we are all pretty surprised and curious as to why there are so many negative reviews on here - and it's certainly taught me not to believe all I read! I should also mention a fantastic place to eat for anyone eating out and wanting to visit Covent garden - Sofra (Covent Garden)36 Tavistock Street, London, WC2E 7PB The food was absolutely gorgeous - top quality food (with a Turkish/Greek slant), provided in lovely surroundings - we sat up in the covered roof terrace - we had a beautiful main meal, glass of wine and sweet for about £20 per head - I have no idea how they manage to do it for this price as they could be charging so much more.	
Jun 21 2009 	FAR FAR BETTER THAN THESE REVIEWS SUGGEST!!	Have just returned from two night stay at this hotel and feel compelled to write, as this hotel is in my opinion completely mis-represented by these reviews. We were in a large group and having read all the reviews on here last week, we were seriously concerned about our stay. However the hotel was great - rooms good size, clean, bathrooms good. Staff were excellent - we asked for more towels, robes etc - they were delivered straight away. Bar area very nice, leisure facilities clean and also very good, as well as very quiet when we used them on Sunday morning. We thought breakfast was excellent. Great selection, no queues whatsoever on each day - fresh food - good service. I would agree that the location is not good and clearly that lets this place down - however - very good taxi service recommended and booked by hotel that we used at least six times. Cabs came and picked us up from central London at 2.30 am and it only cost £14 - bargain. So in the end the location didn't matter. Our group ranged from age 30(ish!) to 70, with some VERY hard to please, seasoned travellers and we were all happy - so we can vouch for at least nine rooms in this hotel!! Please, please don't let these reviews put you off - I feel slightly cross that I was needlessly dreading my weekend away.	
Jun 15 2009 	dont believe everything you read!!!	stayed here for one night 13th june. after reading these reviews before i left i was so close to sacrificing the £76 paid to last minute.com for their secret hotel and booking somewhere else. i am so glad i didnt !!we arrived after a day in london and checked in at 4pm , we were offered an upgrade for £10 but refused but were then given a free one which we accepted. our room was on the 5th floor and was excellent air con ,flat screen nice shower etc. after reading reviews i looked for faults and found a couple but they were so small i wont even mention them. decided to have a swim and this was excellent nice pool and facilities and not to crowded,a relaxing swim and sauna after a long day was just the ticket. didnt have breakfast but found a wetherspoon pub 5mins away they always give good value.  my only fault with the hotel was its location. it really was in the middle of a council estate and 20 mins from a tube station . saw no trouble and never felt threatened we walked back from the tube at midnight and felt at ease, although i can see why some people questioned the area. all in all we enjoyed our stay and although i would probably not stay here again ,the only reason would be its location and distance from tube and centre.  i certainly would recommend this to anyone . maybe i got lucky but you can only say what and how you see things	
Jun 15 2009 	Worst stay in the UK - London	The hotel was the least to say, terrible.The hotel had chipped walls and was not so clean overall.The streets outside where dark and the area is the worst to stay around. It seemed that the area was so dreadful that a man alone would rather not walk on his own. Very scary , dangerous - like area. Would never even pass outside again.	
Jun 8 2009 	Will not be staying in a Thistle hotel again!!	Dont be decived by the done up reception area! We were placed in room in the far corner of the hotel! Damp ceilings in the corridors, old fashioned stuffy rooms! The shower trickles so you have to spend at least 30 mins to get a good wash! Awful office stile tile ceilings! A friend had stained sheets! The best thing about the rooms were the flat screen TV's which were oddly placed in each old fashioned room! The walls are paper thin and the rooms get extremely hot!The hotel is located in the middle of council estates and is really quite far out and its a 20 min taxi drive to Oxford street depending on traffice.Staff werent overly polite or helpful throughout or stay. The day manager was the most helpful of all after I had to make noise complaints on two evenings after being woken up at 1:30am on both nights from really noisy screaming guests in the room next to me! And prank calls from school children staying in the hotel!The Breakfast wasnt great either! A bottle of water will cost you £2 from the bar!Me and my friend we had a complimentry upgrade to a &quot;Deluxe&quot; room, the difference between the rooms was that we has air-con, no longer the gross office ceiling in our bedroom, decor was brighter and we got a few more inches on the flat screen tv!In regards to the Swimming pool spa area- its only open to guests at certain hours many days of the week were closed for swimming lessons!All in all very overpriced for what it is, and the experience has definetly put me off staying in a thistle hotel again!	
Jun 7 2009 	infested with mice	do not stay here, i awoke in the morning to find a mouse sitting on my clothes, I had to be moved to another room to get changed. The manager only offered me a 30% discount on the bill, this hotel is a joke.	
Jun 4 2009	Bad experience	I originally phoned to check if the hotel could supply soya milk for breakfast and they said they could. I reminded them again when I checked in. When it came to breakfast they didn't have it, I was sat there for 15 min with my dry cereal waiting. Eventually, some arrived. (I think they must have got it from a local shop). I told them I'd be having breakfast the next day and guess what happens! No soya milk the next morning. Another 15 min waiting and then some soya milk. I really don't understand how it can be forgotten twice, especially as I spoke to the manager the first time. It's really hard having dietary requirements and experiences like this just spoil things. They didn't seem to care when I complained and just fobbed me off.	
May 28 2009 	Scruff Rip off outdated hotel	Booked as secret hotel at aprox £70 per nightDirty interior, set in the bronx!!!!Rip off	
May 21 2009 	Reminds me why I don't stay at Thistle Hotels	I was booked here by a government agency organizing a committee meeting. I have long given up on Thistle Hotels when I am booking for myself. This rather reminded me of the reasons why. Actually, it was better kept than some and had really nice front desk staff. However, I did not appreciate being given a room on a non-smoking floor that smelt of stale cigarette smoke - it obviously hadn't been properly aired and freshened since the perpetrator left. The room was otherwise clean, although the bathroom toiletries hadn't been replaced - which was a nuisance because I was travelling light without my own shampoo, shower gel, etc. and the towels were threadbare. The room was also rather over-heated with no control other than opening the window and letting in external noise. I also broke Rule No.1 of staying in any hotel, which is never to rely upon them for a wake-up call. Mine never came but a colleague got his ten minutes early! I knew I should have packed my own alarm. As usual in the UK, the internet was a tip off at £15 GBP for 24 hours on top of the room charge. Breakfast could best be described as mediocre and chaotic and the porter disappeared at exactly the point where five of us needed a taxi. Fortunately, I have seen how it's done. .. This wasn't a truly bad hotel, but it won't bring me back to the Thistle chain any time soon.	
May 18 2009 	Impersonal	Too many rooms for too few staff. In dependance, crammed rooms with very small corridors. Heating not functioning well and corner rooms with disturbing hissing windy sounds. Toiletries of not great quality. Long queues for breakfast. Walking distance from tube is ok but at night time a bit of a dodgy area to stroll around. Too many people in general with too many conferences. Observed a room service tray parked in a fire exit for 2 days/nights.	
May 11 2009 	Paper Thin Walls Thin Sheets-But a Flat Screen TV!!	Stayed here for work, and while we was blown away by the lovely lobby, our hopes were soon smashed as we were quickly dismissed to the cruddy side of the hotel. It was almost like being dismissed to the servants quarters of castle. I had a single room, in which the walls were so thin, i could hear every word (and i mean every word) of conversations in both the room next to me and above me! Shower was weak, in-room hairdryer was weaker. It was only the next morning we noticed the obvious and unattended damp damage above the windows in the hall ways. Breakfast the next morning was greasy, so i stuck with continental. The staff were friendly, and rumor has it that the rooms above the spectacular lobby were much better. Lucky this hotel is in London where you can spend most of your time out of the hotel. Left this hotel thankful i wasn't footing the bill!	
May 3 2009 	Rubbish Rip Off	We booked a twin room through lastminute.com, but when we arrived at about 3.30 to check in the hotel clearly had no record of it and left us waiting the best part of an hour in the bar area to sort it out - after having quizzed us about our evening plans and obviously having decided they couldn't convince us to move to another hotel. Eventually we were given a room and told we were upgraded to a DeLuxe Twin to compensate for the wait, but when we got into our room it was a tiny double room with a single bed shoved in the corner. The furniture was old and shabby, the glasses were not clean (lipstick!), the aircon was off so the room was sweltering and there was no remote to switch it on. Reception said they'd send someone to fix the aircon, but when we returned three hours later nothing had been done. I went to have words with them about it and they tried to fob me off with 'if you are going out this evening it will be working by the time you come back' but I demanded someone do something about it before we went out. 15 minutes later they had given us a remote and it was working - but all this hassle in a 4 star hotel??! I will be writing to request at least a partial refund and will let lastminute.com know too as other people who had booked through them were in the same boat as us with the hotel 'not being able to find' their booking.If you want a stress free comfy stay in London then avoid this hotel like the plague!	
Apr 28 2009 	Good value hotel better than some reviews	After reading some of the reviews we were worried but found the hotel comfortable and clean. The staff were fine. The location seems a bit far off from attractions but Old Street tube station is only a few minutes walk away. The only down side was breakfast. This was not the best and service seemed chaotic and disorganised. Full English was a lot undercooked but there were alternatives.	
Apr 26 2009 	Decent hotel far better than some of the reviews would suggest	We stayed here for two nights as part of a Theatre Break and, having read some of the reviews on this very site, I have to say I have my reservations about the place. As such I emailed the hotel a week before the stay and told the staff that I'd read some bad reviews (and that I hoped my experience would not reflect such reviews). I was offered a room upgrade for £20 for the two nights (£10 per night) which I took.The hotel itself is indeed an ugly building, looking dirty and tired from the outside. The main entrance is a little hidden away, and every time we walked in or out of the hotel we had to fight our way past a group of smokers.The main foyer and reception areas are modern and clean, and the staff very helpful (we found this to be the case throughout the stay).Our room was large and well-appointed. It had obviously had a recent refurbishment, and had good air conditioning and a decent 32&quot; LCD television with alarm clock function. The view from the window was nothing special (more later) and the windows could have done with a clean, but they weren't too bad. Our bathroom was small and perhaps a little dated (it reminded me of a Turkish hotel bathroom) but was clean, functional and, again, well appointed.We had breakfast in the hotel both days and this was nice enough, although the bacon could have done with being a little more fresh. I enjoyed being offered a selection of morning papers to read whilst having breakfast - something I hadn't experienced in an English hotel before.Negatives? Well, the hotel is a little off the beaten track. It's about twenty minutes walk from the closest tube station, which we didn't mind. The area around the hotel is not the best, and could be a little intimidating in hours of darkness. A younger couple (we're in our twenties) will probably cope fine with the location, but I'd perhaps advise older guests to use taxis to get to and from the hotel.The very first time we left the hotel (for a wander) we were follwed around by a gang of young men in baseball hats - it was probably very innocent and all that, but we did feel a little uncomfortable. And as we were settling into our room I looked out of the window to grab my bearings, and witnessed a stop-and-search arrest taking place on the street below...again, not a hugely comforting sight. But not the end of the world either (it's a city after all).Another little gripe - on arriving at the hotel, we were asked to sign a form that set out how much we had agreed to pay. Most of the stay had been prepaid, but the upgrade portion needed signing for...and the form informed quoted a higher price than we had been offered. The receptionist refused to believe the price we had been offered for upgrade, until I produced a printout of the emails I had exchanged with the hotel. It's quite bad that I needed to prove the offer, and anyone who hadn't printed out such details might have been 'ripped off'. This is the only truly negative thing I can say about the experience though, and the staff were 100% helpful during the rest of the stay.The hotel seemed to be frequented mostly by business people and particularly a number of people involved in the medical profession, students included. This meant the reception and communal areas were quiet and there were no rowdy tourists.Overall I found our stay to be comfortable and pleasant, and I would have no quarms in using it again. I am rating the hotel with four-out-of-five, but for the price it's probably even better than that.	
Apr 14 2009 	Beware this is a 2 star budget hotel NOT a 4 star luxury spa	We booked this hotel 'blind' as a Top Secret Hotel Deal. After we found out which hotel we had booked and read the reviews we prepared ourselves for the worst. The building is ugly and the facade cracked. It also stands in the middle of some high rise council flat blocks. The room we were given by the hardly english speaking staff was in the annex. The decor was rather dated. The windows didnt appear to be sealed in as it sounded as if we were sat on the pavement next to the road. There was no trace of the minibar or hairdryer that should have been there according to the room description. When we asked the concierge which way to take to walk to the next tube station he directed us to one that was shut due to maintenance. Hmm... The parking for the car overnight was 20 pounds. On the positive side: The beds were comfortable and we had a huge TV in our room (which due to the thin walls I am sure our neighbours enjoyed too). All in all the hotel was definitely not the 4 star spa hotel they are trying to sell but rather a 2 star budget hotel. It served its purpose as we were visiting to sightsee and not to linger about a luxury hotel.	
Apr 10 2009 	OK as a 2 star - rip off as a 4 star	I booked this through Last Minute as a top secret hotel. I use this a lot and have never been disappointed until now. I had requested a double room but was told they had run out (even though I checked in shortly after 3pm when check in opened) BUT that I could upgrade to a double for an extra £15 per night. This was clearly a hotel bent on making money. I was given a twin room on the 6th floor. The hotel feels dated and badly in need of refurbishment. The carpets are tired and the decor needs redoing. My room was an odd shape with sloping walls by the windows. It was basic - no air con or mini bar - and very shabby. I would have thought this ok for a 2 star - or even a 3 at a push - but not the standards you expect from a 4 star hotel. The corridor door outside the room squeaked loudly each time it was opened. There was basic tea and coffee facilities (although I had to put the kettle on the floor to plug it in) but no herbal tea, hot chocolate or biscuits. The location is awful - it is 10 - 15 minute walk to any tube and the hotel is hidden down back streets. If it is going to survive the hotel has to work a lot harder at making the experience enjoyable, especially given its location. I would advise you to book elsewhere.	
Apr 8 2009 	I concur	I spent six nights at the Thistle Barbican with my wife and three children and was a bit wary of the expected poor rooms and service, going by the reviews on Tripadvisor. However, I have to concur with the last few reviews. The place is really good value for money. It is not 5* and the rooms are not decorated in neo-classical drapery! However the staff are friendly, the rooms are clean and the overall experience was good.We had two rooms with adjoining door and it was more than ample for our needs.The furniture is a bit faded and could do with some attention, and some of the decor in the hallway was peeling, but these are not enough of a problem to give it a poor overall review. The lobby, bars and pool area are very good and overall, staff seem to be motivated.One issue that the managemnt will have to sort out is breakfast. The few staff on duty were run off their feet and therefore unable (or unwilling) to break into a smile when greeted. Monday to Friday you will get a table no problem. However Saturday and Sunday we found very long queues snaking across the lobby, awaiting breakfast. To be fair the check-in staff had warned us of this. The answer, we found, was to go across the entrance to the adjacent hotel building, (about 20 metres) and breakfast is served in there too. We got our food straight away!If you do have to queue , or are on a room only basis, the 'greasy spoon cafe' opposite the hotel does a great bacon roll!!Overall a good hotel experience, with the tube at Barbican or Old Street only 10-15 mins walk. There a several good restaurants in the area and the City of London is just on your doorstep.	
Apr 7 2009 	A nice place a choice of first-hand for everyone who wants to visit London at a good price.	It's a very nice place. I can recommend it to anynoe who wants a good room price and it's not so far from the centre of the city. The only thing I didn't like so much was the dinner (high price and I didn't had what i ordered, maybe it was the wrong waiter). But I can tell that the staff was very gentle and available.	
Apr 2 2009 	Beautiful hotelwould DEFINATELY return!	After reading some of the reviews on this hotel we nearly cancelled but so pleased we didn't! we got there at 8:30,way too early to check in as it said check in after 2pm but reception were really helpful,we were offered an upgrade,took it ,and were completely blown away! the room was an executive suite! absolutley PERFECT! We had a really great stay,lovely clean hotel,very pleasant staff,tube station less than a 10 minute walk away,we couldn't have asked for a better hotel.After walking round London all day the room was perfect for just chilling out in,flat screen tele with multi channel choice,mini bar,lovely,comfy bed,beautiful bathroom.we'd both definately stay at the Barbican again so please,don't be put off by some of these reviews,and if offered,take the upgrade!	
Mar 23 2009 	Great Value!	My husband and I had a very pleasant stay. The room was nice and quiet. The Old Street tube station was only a seven minute walk. The English style breakfast buffet was a big hit with my husband and we didn't need to eat again until evening. The staff were very helpful.	
Mar 16 2009 	I Had A Sauna For A Bedroom	I was encouraged when initially entering the foyer as it looked nice and modern, there was a bar showing the football which was lovely after a long travel. The pool looked great so walked to my room smiling.I put my key in the door and as it opened was hit with a wall of heat.....ok i thought, i'll jus pop the air con on...... but there was none, just a standalone fan. Trying to sleep in this heat was terrible especially as the windows only opened a few cm's.The room was dirty with mould on the ceiling and the furniture was broken and tired...... I brought it as one of these secret hotel deals where i thought i was getting a great hotel for a good saving however i would not pay what i did for this hotel for the quality i was given.	
Mar 11 2009 	Loved it! A fantastically pleasant surprise!	You always have to be careful with peer review sites. You don't know how many people are being paid to write positive reviews or how many are being paid by the competition to write negative reviews. The more competitive the industry, the more likely it is that some of this is going on - and accommodation in London is, I imagine, about as competitive as it gets. Despite the amount of superlatives and exclamation marks I'm going to include in this review I have no affiliation with Thistle or Lastminute or anyone else - but I am a genuinely happy customer and last weekend I really DID have the best hotel experience in London I have ever enjoyed!Like some other reviewers here, I booked through Top Secret Hotels on lastminute.com (&quot;Price Madness at hotel with Pool near Square Mile - 4* - London &quot;) and ended up paying £84 for what might have set me back £199 (according to the room price list in reception). After booking I came here to read the reviews and was dismayed to see so many negative comments and complaints.Luckily, the experience enjoyed by my girlfriend and myself is something I imagine we will always remember with a great deal of happiness.The hotel staff were brilliant throughout. Despite check-in opening officially at 2pm, the staff allowed us to check in at 1.20pm on the Saturday afternoon. When we asked for a late checkout on the Sunday morning, the staff assented without hesitation.At no point did the staff urge us to pay for a room upgrade as some other reviewers appear to have experienced. (This may have been because the hotel occupancy was lower during the weekend we stayed, so we automatically got one of the better rooms?) The room was certainly spacious enough - the same size as one would expect from a Travelodge or Premier Inn. All facilities were available - a clean bathroom, digital television, tea and coffee making facilities etc.There was no queue for breakfast on the Sunday morning and certainly not one stretching through reception (?) Breakfast was all the better when, after sitting down, I noticed the price in the menu with some shock (£15.95 per person!) . I enquired about this price and gave our room number and without blinking the duty manager waived the breakfast fees for both of us. (Our tariff was originally &quot;Room only&quot;).The hotel was an easy walk from Old Street tube station, from where we took the tube on the Saturday lunchtime to London Bridge and spent a lovely afternoon wandering through Borough Market and along the South Bank to the Tate Modern, the Millenium Bridge and St. Pauls Cathedral. In the evening, we joined friends for a fantastic curry and drinks in Brick Lane which was just a 25 minute walk away - we didn't have to take a bus or a tube.The highlight of the hotel stay was the free spa! We took advantage of the swimming pool, sauna and jacuzzi on both the Saturday afternoon before going out for the evening AND on the Sunday morning after breakfast.The hotel location which, admittedly, is slightly unusual was not a problem for me. I am already familiar with London and already knew how to navigate on foot from the hotel to both Angel / Islington (ten minutes walk in one direction) and Hoxton / Shoreditch (six minutes walk in the other) otherwise the area might have seemed a little quiet. I noted that breakfast hours are extended on Sunday and few people are in the rush they might be on a weekday (so perhaps that explains the lack of breakfast queue). Additionally, we felt that we'd had quite the bargain, booking at a discounted rate and then receiving complimentary breakfast on top. If we'd paid full fare for everything, it wouldn't have seemed nearly so much of a bargain.My advice: it's probably better to stay at this hotel on the weekend than during the week - if you are attending some mid-week event at the Barbican for example, you might be better off staying somewhere else. If you're less familar with London, you'll enjoy your stay more if you can familiarise yourself with a map of the area first (see streetmap.co.uk) and see how City Road connects to Islington in one direction (10 mins on foot) and Old Street in the other (6 mins on foot). Also, ideally, you'll want to book through lastminute.com Top Secret Hotels to get a superb discount!All things considered, we thought being able to stay a central London hotel with a swimming pool and spa and complimentary breakfast at the discounted rate was unbeatable! As I said before: the best hotel experience in London I have ever enjoyed!	
Mar 5 2009 	Amenities Good/Service Bad	My room at the Thistle was fine. I was a single traveler there basically just to sleep while I went site seeing. The bed was fine and there was enough room to not be totally squished like some European hotels do (although the drawer space was quite small. It was about a 10-15 minute walk to the closest tube stop but this is where my story of terrible service begins. The first receptionist gave me wrong directions to the tube (wasted 45 mins walking at the beginning of my vacation. I never had a HOT shower during the duration of my stay. After one shower I complained. It took 3 complaints for somebody to show up and they did, and slightly improved the temperature from tepid to warm but it never got to hot. The buffet breakfast is good but expect lines and slow/inadequate service to provide coffee/tea, clean tables, make sure you have butter....It was like this every morning. The internet service fee is ridiculous - its much cheaper at the airport.	
Mar 2 2009 	hotel ok but location poor	just back and though i would try to write a fair review was worried before I went. check in and was offered an upgrade three times, was warned before we arrived this would happen and declined. Room was small but clean and we were not going to spend long in the room any way. We got a deal so it was ok but would not pay the full price definalty not. Location of hotel really let it down no where to eat or drink if you wanted to stay local. and would not walk around at night felt unsafe. But having said that day light and transport links good No 4 takes you to st pauls and onward to covernt garden. and we took a lot of taxis. We done the orginal bus tour and I would really recomend this. we also seen dirty dancing which was excellant. Visited camden market excellant experenice overall excellant weekend Next time will try to get a hotel at a better location to save on taxis fares!	
Feb 25 2009 	good budget hotel	We stayed here last weekend for 2 nights,there were 7 of us altogether,we had a family room in the main building which we couldnt fault,a double room in main builing which we were really impressed with and a twin room across the other side which was clean but needed updating,we all paid the same price so dont no why some rooms were better than others.The breakfast was really nice with a good choice,and the queue soon went down,i think some people just go away to moan.The pool,gym area was lovely and free of charge.I feel we had a bargain for what we paid to stop here and would return here again.The only downfall was the bar prices,apart from that good hotel.	
Feb 23 2009 	Hideous	Glad I took the room upgrade, (which they offer everyone) or I hate to think what the standard room would be like. Not the best area to stop in London. We had to stand in a in a long line for 25 minutes to get a cold breakfast. Even the fresh food from the kitchen was only luke warm. good entertainment watching the manager getting a telling off from a few of the guests	
Feb 17 2009 	Awful	This trip was easily my worst hotel experience. I booked the weekend package of a standard room to extend a stay in London after visiting friends. The deal was great considering there is a pool (a rarity in London hotels), but, as ever with such things, there was quite a catch! On arriving, I checked in and was asked three times by the receptionist whether I wanted to upgrade at a cost of &quot;20 quid&quot;, to which I declined, as in decent hotels, it's generally not required. I was directed to the building opposite where all the standard rooms are and couldn't believe how dark, dingy and cheaply finished the building was. My room was miniscule, with cheap, ugly furnishings and a dreadful smell of damp. I returned to reception and asked to upgrade, and was sent to another room, equally small, and just with slightly nicer furniture. At this point, I contacted the Hilton in Islington who offered a deluxe room for just £4 more, and we resolved to leave. I informed the reception, who advised me that I would lose what I'd paid for the room because it was after 2pm (by about 15 minutes) and after arguing for ten minutes, they offered to upgrade me to a suite. We checked the room which had a piece of wallpaper torn off, was decorated in orange, yellow, red and green with stripey wallpaper (where it remained), and was about the size of a standard room anywhere else (not a particularly sweet suite). Despite not being happy, I was still not able to cancel the booking, and the cost of my original upgrade was still charged. Add to that the fact that the carpet on the lift walls had been ripped off for someone to tear 'You are gay&quot; into the foam, and I was not impressed. The pool is the only draw, given that the hotel is in a terrible location (pretty much in the middle of a council estate), there is nowhere close by to eat and the bars of Farringdon are generally closed at the weekend. As a former London resident, even I felt uncomfortable with the location. Stay away!!	
Feb 17 2009 	Not bad at all!	We booked 2 twin rooms at this hotel in February for a girls weekend away. Show tickets for Hairspray were included in our deal. Before we went to London I came to this site to read hotel reviews and I was apprehensive about it to say the least after hearing what people had to say. However, now that I've been myself I have to say it was one of the best weekend breaks I've ever had and the hotel played a part in this. From the minute we arrived the staff were helpful, even booking us a car from the hotel to the show for a very good price. The rooms were next to each other and were clean and a good size. From what I gathered we were in the annex bit, where the rooms are a bit more old fashioned, but the decor didn't bother us at all. We were given fresh towels every day and could adjust the heating to whatever we liked. Breakfast was very busy around 9am, so we went back to our rooms and got ready first, and on both Saturday and Sunday there was barely any queue after 10am. The food was very nice and there was plenty of it! The location was fine. There isn't much in the way of restaurants and bars but the tube is a simple 10 minute walk away and there are always taxis outside. Kings Cross Station is only about a 10 minute ride away by taxi, which should give you an idea of how close it is to things. The only thing I will say that is negative are the bar prices. Even for London they were pretty steep. I would definately use this hotel again, and the only reason I might not is because there are so many others to choose from in London and I would like to try another location.	
Feb 15 2009 	Decent HotelBad Location	Me and my partner stayed at this hotel for two nights on arrival we were asked if we would like to &quot;upgrage&quot;.We declined the offer twice,inspite of that we got a free upgrade anyway! so dont get ripped off by saying yes straight away.The nearest tube station is Old Street its about a 10minuite walk.so not too far.The location of the hotel is not great so get a cab if your going out late at night or you will get lost as we did.Room was fine bed was abit hard but everything was clean.Breakfast was decent took a while to get seated so i would go for breakfast before 9am,their was a hair in the grilled tomatoes,not nice! afew of the staff looked a little lost but it does get quite busy at breakfast time.Other than that we had a very good stay and would probably go bak so dont be put off by other reviews.Not everyone has the same experience.	
Feb 4 2009 	OK for the money	Paid £79 for a single room with breakfast, which is a good price for central London. The single room was small but clean. Staff were competent and friendly, buffet breakfast excellent. Location is a bit remote and the surroundings not inspiring, but there is an excellent fish restaurant right next door in Kings Square, lots of eating places within a short walk and a great real ale pub [Old Fountain Baldwin Street] five minutes away behind the Eye Hospital. My rate included a free bottle of house wine in the bar but I felt a bit out place among the laptops mobile phones and Blackberries and stuck to the pub: hot salt beef sandwich and a bowl of chips for £5.85 and some wonderful beer. Would I stay again: yes	
Feb 2 2009 	Simply dreadful	How dare they charge these prices? At over £120 for the night my wife and I were offered the tiniest room I have ever seen in a major hotel. We complained and were given a bigger room that was still much smaller than a TravelLodge or Premier Inn. (They had - of course - tried to sell us an upgrade, as they do to everyone). Everything about it was shabby. The furniture seemed old. The bed was hard. The plumbing was noisy. There was only one set of towels and one set of shampoo etc in a double room. When we were asked for more, the member of staff was totally sniffy aboiut our request for help, And the they charged £10.95 for a second rate breakfast.Nothing would make us go back.	
Feb 2 2009 	breakfast time zombies	Stayed there this last weekend. on booking in our rooms were not ready so we were asked if we wanted to pay £10 each for an upgrade_the receptionists asked every one else this too-must be standard practice. one room was ok for size although the wallpaper was marked and scruffy; the other room, 2 floors below was tiny! We eventually were given a better room next door to the first one. Breakfast was a laugh with people queueing through reception if they were later than 8.30, even though there were loads of empty tables. the waiting staff ambled around with no clear plan of what they were doing. hygiene was non-existent with 1 waitress sneezing over a fork she was putting down for a clean place-this after she turned over a napkin to hide a greasy mark. cleaning cloths were used to clean tables and then wipe clean cups. McDonald's staff are trained much better than this and have very high standards in comparison to here. We would not stay here again.	
Jan 24 2009 	Family weekend in London	We booked two rooms close to each other but did not get that. My son was in a room down the corridor which scared him a little.The rooms were comfy and clean but had no hot drink making facilities.At breakfast they walked around with a teapot filling everyone's cup, instead of giving each table a teapot.The dining room staff looked bewildered, as if they had just landed.There was a dead bluebottle in the sausages on the breakfast buffet so that was it - we ate nothing in the hotel and went to Macdonald's down the road instead.It was in a bad area and some children asked us for money whilst we were walking to the tube. We felt very uneasy - especially walking back at night!We slept there, had a shower and went out early each day.	
Jan 21 2009 	Barbican Thistle Hotel London	Just got back from a fabulous weekend break, with my children. WE book two rooms at the Barbican Thistle, on arrival we were informed that the rooms were not next to each other as requested, they did upgrade our rooms to delux as compensation.The rooms were very nice, the bathrooms both had mold on the bathroon ceiling and shower screens. Beds were very comfortable.We had to queue for over half an hour each morning to get into the restaurant for breakfast then another half an hour to get the buffet breakfast, we had to do it as a relay as the table kept being given away to other residents, by the hotel staff!! It is a good 15 min walk to the nearest tube station.	
Jan 20 2009	Perfect weekend	I was given this weekend as a surprise for my 40th Birthday. After reading all the previous reviews I was more than concerned it was going to ruin my whole weekend, I needn't have worried. I had an extremely good weekend and yes that even included the hotel. As I have a disability and this was a surprise I called the hotel only the day before arrival and asked if possible to have a first floor room. On arrival we were very pleased that we were able to get straight into our room at 11.00am and it was in the second block on the first floor. I was very pleased with the room itself and more than enjoyed my stay. Breakfast was good and there was a queue but the staff were very efficient at seating everyone as quickly as they could and considering the number of guests all went very smoothly. I would certainly stay at this hotel again. As for the area, we walked to and from Old Street (the closest) and never felt vulnerable.	
Jan 12 2009 	Not Bad	After reading &amp; hearing stories about the other building of this hotel, I upgraded on arrival to ensure a room in the main hotel. Room and hotel generally were fine. Not the greatest location though, the 3 tube stations it lies between are all a little to far to walk.	
Jan 7 2009 	Not keen	work booked me into this hotel, which was meant to be pre-paid for needless to say it went wrong from the moment i entered their building.despite as stated work pre-paying for the room the room wasn't paid for. after much arguement with ignorant staff who were unwilling to help i went off for some food. the receptionist even called over the supervisor who basically shrugged his shoulders and walked off, very helpful.i enquired prior to travelling when they stop serving hot food as i knew i would be checking in late (10-11pm), again asked receptionist where i could get some hot food, only to be told the restaurant was closed no hot food was available. then she went onto change her story after i mentioned i had rang to confirm, that hot food was available from another bar.off i went to the bar, had burger and chips which was ok but pricey, i accept this as its london.ok tired by this point so off to my room i go, open the door flick the light switch no lights, fumble around looking for a key power slot thingy, nothing, try other lights using mobile as a torch, nothing. called the desk, to be told there's a master switch at the door. ok i thought. i couldn't find said switch, tried calling back no answer. went to see the concierge who was very poilte but not really wanting to help, the fact he asked me if i could wait as his paperwork was very important annoyed me.we went back to my room, he checked the fuse box, it had tripped out but was locked so nothing he could do.back to the desk we go, eventually get offered a new room, a better one at that, deluxe i believe they called it. new room was fine, very dated, lots of old red wood etc. wouldn't agree with &quot;deluxe&quot; though.went to check out, still wouldn't accept that the room was pre-paid for. so i paid for it.i wouldn't recommend this hotel, ever.	
Jan 4 2009 	Dreadful	We (a family of 3) stayed at this hotel on Boxing day night after a day out in London and wish we had just returned home instead.All round the service was dreadful. The rooms were dirty, shabby and electrics downright dangerous, so much so my husband who is not one to complain took photos. There was mould on the tiles and ceiling in the bathroom, filthy stains all over the carpet (it could have only really been sick). This was our 2nd room after we had to change because the hot tap on the bath came off in my husbands hand squirting hot water everywhere and soaking him with hot water in our first room.We have stayed a Thistle hotels before which were fine so were shocked by this appauling excuse for a four star hotel, we would have honestly been better off at a travel lodge.The staff that could actually speak English were rude and had no idea about anything that was happening within the hotel. They didn't seem in the slightest bit worried (even Managers) that we were having a bad time, one actually walked away laughing when we complained about my husband being served ice cream that had obviously been thawed and then re-frozen in the restruant.So many things went wrong on our one night stay that it ended up being funny, especially when we realised that everyone else staying in the place was having the same terrible experiences. I especially felt sorry for a family from Belgium that had been advised by their travel agent to stay at this hotel because of its good restraunt and a couple from Yorkshire that had the mis-fortune of staying here all over Christmas.When we checked out we told reception staff of all the problems that we had encountered and they were truely not bothered at all.I would never stay at this hotel again even if I was desperate.	
Jan 1 2009 	Very Disappointing	This hotel is billed as a four star, most three star establishments we have stayed in have been better.The room was terribly small, almost claustrophobic ,with very little room to move around. Indeed when I used the desk the only way my wife could cross the room was by climbing over the bed.There was no soundproofing. Our stay was on New Years Eve and those in the room next door returned to their room at 03:15 with friends. Let's just say the walls were so thin we knew every detail of the emotional turmoil one of the women was going through. Although afvertised as being Thistle City Barbican ,it is away from the Barbican Centre in a more run down area. Indeed it was so lively that in the middle of the emotional events next door we were distracted by a mass brawl in the street (this was at 03:50).Due to the number of guests we had to take breakfast in the overspill area. Breakfast was a buffet but there was no toast available.In summary our experience with Thistle Hotels have been good up to now but this one was a great disappointment.	
Dec 31 2008 	It's not the Ritz...but it's fine!!	Many of the previous reviews are very unfair to this hotel. It really is fine, if you are looking for basic, clean, comfortable and affordable accommodation in London, for a night or 2. It is not a high class luxury hotel. It doesn't come close........but we experienced good service from polite staff. I chose the hotel because we were attending a concert at the Barbican Centre. The name of the hotel is a little misleading. The location is off the beaten track, with the Barbican Tube Station and the Barbican Centre about 10 minutes walk away through a residential area. There are minimal local amenities and restaurants. We headed back into the West End ….only 15 minutes on the Tube. The main hotel lobby is well decorated and modern however our bedroom was very small and could definitely do with refurbishment. Having said that…this was no big deal……our room had everything we needed for one night……we did ask for more towels, as there was only one hand towel and one bath towel in our room. More towels were delivered by housekeeping staff very quickly. Tea, coffee and hot chocolate was provided in our room and complimentary newspapers were available in the hotel lobby. Breakfast was buffet style. We queued for about 15 minutes for a table. The restaurant was very busy between 8.45am and 9.45am. We both enjoyed our full cooked breakfast …there were basic cereals, fruit, croissants, breads, cheese, ham, yogurt, juices available. I had the coffee, which tasted fine. I booked our one night stay via Superbreak. I paid £90 for a standard double room including full English breakfast. I feel I got good value for money.….I'm not sure some of the previous reviwers have very realistic expectations ........we did not see any rats either!!!!!!!!	
Dec 23 2008 	Fair	Rooms not booked through the hotel itself (i.e. lastminute.com) seem to all be put up in the older block which were definetly 2 star quality. Transport is only average. a free shuttle runs on weekdays only.Leisure centre was nice but not impressed overall.	
Dec 18 2008 	Shabby property with poor service	I booked a room at this property through the Lastminute.com 'Top Secret Hotels' offer. Having now experienced it at first hand, I now understand why they struggle to fill their rooms at a typical central London room rate. Parts of the hotel are very tired and dated, but what frustrated me more was the lack of communication between staff. Having specified via Lastminute.com that there would be 2 people sharing the room, I checked in at an earlier time than my partner and specifically told them to expect her to check-in later (while I would have been out). &quot;Oh yes, not a problem Sir&quot;, said the staff member on the front desk, but I suspected at the time that she was not listening and too busy trying to persuade me to have dinner in the hotel and to upgrade to a superior room. This turned out to be correct, as when my partner arrived, they claimed to have no knowledge that she was staying in the room. What a shambles! I can't quite go as far as to say the experience was 'terrible', but I certainly wouldn't recommend it.	
Dec 17 2008 	One night OK but only if area convenient for you	Booked through lastminute.com as a top secret hotel - Price madness in city 4* hotel. I guessed it was the Barbican Thistle and wished I'd read the reviews before I booked. At £72 a night, and the fact I only needed one night, and described as 4* could not be that bad???I have stayed in nicer Travel inns, Travel Lodges and Premier inns. It was in quite a dodgy area and the walk from Old Street in the dark was not the most reassuring!The receptionist tried to get me to upgrade to a deluxe double, and add breakfast to my room only status! As it was only me why would I do that??? Glad I didn't as probably would have been as much of a rip off! The room was tiny, the bed was too short - I am only 5'10&quot; and the room temperature when I walked in was stiffling depsite the window being open - fortunately I managed to cool it down by turning the radiator down! The bed was comfortable enough and I did get a good night's sleep - though diagonally across the bed!Walk in the morning from the hotel was no more reassuring or safe feeling! I would stay again if the price was less than £70, as I know now it is not 4* and what I would be getting! But any longer than one night or to use it as a base to explore London - NO WAY!	
Dec 12 2008 	What a grotty hotel and a dodgey area	The hotel is very grotty in the room, cleanliness is ok however the room was really run down. The beds was hard and uncomfortable, and the bathroom though needs a refurbishment. For what we paid I was very dissapointed and will not stay their again. Both our key cards did not work when we came back to the room that night and had to go to reception to get them changed, which was in another building. The area is very dodgey and not a nice part of London, I did not feel safe walking around at all. MY MESSAGE TO YOU IS DO NOT STAY HERE.	
Dec 11 2008 	Mixed	The location is not great. A good long walk from the Barbican which makes the name very misleading. The area is residential, but quite poor residential although Islington is 15 minutes walk away with lots of antique shops and markets and Starbucks. It was bitterly cold during our stay and the front door of the hotel badly needs attention or a porch to stop an appalling draught that blows throughout the public areas including the bar and restaurant. Lots of people complain about it.The reception people are very pushy about you upgrading and even if you say no thanks they continue to upgrade you at quite some expense, deducting it from our card. We asked for this to be reimbursed.During our 5 nights no one refilled the coffee and teas, I had to ask which I thought was rather mean of them.I dont know if there is a tube nearby, I didnt see one so we walked or used taxis. It is hugely popular for business it seems but is not really for the tourist. The hotel restaurant is expensive a la carte. Nearby there is Jamie Olivers 15 (must be booked), a fabulous fish and chip restaurant - Fishwork and we went one night to a nice Italian family restaurant - Ravello.Islington is a great place to go for shopping and there are some unusual shops including a fantastic wholesale decorative items shop where you can buy lovely things at half price or less.If you have to stay here check out very carefully internet prices. I booked an extra night - the hotel wanted 120 quid for a basic room, I booked through Last minute for 72 pounds and then they even gave a free upgrade. The cheap rooms are not very nice really, small and old fashioned. The double deluxe are miles better and in the main part of the hotel.Unless you really need to stay in this part of town I think there are better hotels, less draughty at least	
Dec 10 2008	Poor customer service	Upon arrival the hotel seemed nice enough, but receptions staff were awful. The room was very small and very basic (not a 4*), the shower barely worked and when it did the water was freezing cold, We were woken up at 9am on a Sunday morning by the maid trying to get it the room, despite having a 'do not disturb' sign on the door.We ordered food via room service and only half of the order turned up...but still charged for it.We also booked breakfast to the room on the Sunday morning, when it was over 45 mins late we called the room service number to be told it was 'on its way'......1 hour later still no sign.upon checking out we reported the poor level of room service. The receptionist was very rude and informed us that we were not entitled to a refund as the breakfast was included in the price....even though we didnt actually get any breakfast.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Dec 9 2008 	OK...but never a 4*	I stayed at the Barbican with my mum after finding a last-minute deal at a reasonable price.All in all we were satisfied with the hotel - OK location, within walking distance from a few tube stations. Nice clean entrance, helpful reception staff and good facilities (pool etc). The room was fairly small (we booked a twin) but OK - decor is very dated though! On the whole the room was clean but there was some attention to detail lacking - dust on pictures on the wall etc. Other than that, room was fine - nice and warm on a cold December night!On balance we were satisfied (esp with the deal we got) but it really didn't feel like a 4* hotel. Good for a short-stay I would say	
Dec 5 2008 	I was dreading this visit....!	I was absolutely dreading my visit to the Thistle City Barbican hotel, I booked this hotel back in October through a promotion on the Lastminute.com website in which they were offering hotels rooms for £10 a night, so we took the opportunity to visit some friends.However, after snapping up the cheap deal all I read on this site and others were appalling reviews of this place and I was not looking forward to it!! But I consoled myself with the fact that it was very very cheap, we were only there 1 night and we just needed somewhere to sleep.We got a taxi from Kings Cross which cost about £7.50 and was really quick. On arrival we entered the lovely looking lobby and had a short wait to check in. We approached the desk and were served by a young man who was being trained as a receptionist. A supervisor was helping him out and soon took over as it turned out the computer systems had just gone down and they couldn't allocate rooms properly. So after a bit of a wait whilst the receptionists all liaised together to sort out the rooms we were given our key. Now I couldn't really hear what the supervisor man was saying as he was mumbling a little but I caught that my rooms was on the third floor followed by something else and the word complimentary. I thought nothing of this and trundled off to my room.We got out of the lift on three and followed the signs to out room, The hallways were nicely decorated and clean, but, of course, I'd seen the pictures of rooms on various review sites, so I knew what was coming...I put the card in the door and turned the handle!I couldn't believe it...big room...massive bed...big LCD TV...nice bathroom...no mouldy bits...no wallpaper hanging off....no evidence of rat infestation!Needless to say I was very relieved and quite impressed, it is possible that we were just really lucky, got there at the exact right moment and managed to get a free room upgrade. But whatever happened we really did get a fantastic deal for just a tenner!	
Dec 4 2008 	Average definitely not 4 star	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights 28 and 29/11/08.The main reason I stayed was because I got an excellent rate from lastminute, only £50 a night for a 4 star hotel in London. Unfortuantely this hotel was by no means a 4 star and only the very cheap price prevented me from being very annoyed.Pros - Reasonable location, 10 minutes walk from Old Street Station and 15 minutes from The Angel. I was able to walk to Clerkenwell in about 10/15 minutes also. From 1 end of the street you can get a bus direct to Euston and Paddington stations, from the other end there are buses which go direct to Oxford Street.Cons - Tiny rooms. no minibar, very dated bathroom, ridiculous priced breakfast (but there were two cafes opposite the hotel).Most annoyingly the walls are PAPER THIN, my neighbours woke me up and they were talking fairly softly.For £50 a night it is adequate, for 4 star money then I would be extremeley annoyed	
Dec 2 2008 	great place	I was really worried about going to this hotel after reading all the bad reviews but all I can say is I found the hotel great in relation to food, service and the standard of the room the only down side was the longish walk to the nearest tube but this is not to do with the standard of the hotel.	
Dec 2 2008	Tiny tatty rooms	This is never a 4* hotel... how the ETB give that rating is beyond me. The bedrooms are absolutely tiny, with barely enough room to get into bed from the side. Bathrooms also very small and quite shabby. The decor is peeling and dirty and all in all the hotel should regarded as 2* until it get's an urgently needed refurb.Onthe plus side the bed was very comfortable and the staff friendly	
Dec 1 2008 	This is never 4 star	We stayed at this hotel for a weekend in London.The room was booked at a competative rate which seemed good for a 4 star hotel.On arrival the hotel were unable to provide a doule room but offered 2 singles. The rooms were tiny, dirty, in urgent need of redecoration and the supposedly non-smoking rooms reaked of cigarette smoke.For the duration of our stay, trays with half eaten room service were left in the corridors and stair wells.We were really suporsed by the poor quality and standard of service for this hotel from a reputable chain. If you want a budget price hotel in London for a weekend -l ook elsewhere.	
Nov 29 2008 	Was good for us !!	We have just returned from staying at the Thistle last night.It was part of a package when we cashed in a Red Letter day voucher, so we did not choose the hotel it was chosen for us.I must say regardless of the other negative reviews , we had a very good experience.We checked in Friday afternoon , reception staff very friendly and helpful. We had a room in the main building and it was a nice size with modern fittings and very clean.We had to go to a show at the West End , and I suppose the only real let down is the location of this hotel , it is either a walk to the tube ( the shuttle bus does not run at w/ends we were informed !!) , or get a taxi , which is approx £15 or get a busThe concierge was helpful in advising the different forms of transport , we decided to risk a bus trip (£2 each) , but that was an experience !!! If your claustraphobic don't do it !!!Anyway returned to the hotel later and went straight to bed , nice comfortable bed with clean bedding.Shower and bathroom clean and worked well.Breakfast was a bit of a let down ,not the food , but the service, we had to queue a long time for a table , and then after having our food in front of us , had to wait for a knife while they cleaned some !! Also took ages to get anyone to bring us cofffee and tea.Checkout was fineAll in all , we had a good experience , and the only reason I would probably not stay here again , is due to its location , there are plenty more reasonably priced hotels , which are better located for visiting London	
Nov 28 2008 	Not bad for the price	Like most people we were concerned reading the reviews for this hotel, however we got a really good deal for 2 nights so we thought we'd risk it.The room itself was dated but clean and certainly no worse than many other hotels I've stayed in. It was very hot in the room though, not sure why as the heating wasn't on - I've never had to use a fan in November in England before!!!It's true that the hotel is 10 minutes walk away from the tube station but if you're in London for shopping or sightseeing you're expecting to do a bit of walking anyway.Although there are no bars or restaurants close to the hotel, it is only a 10 minute walk to Angel (where the tube station is) where there are plenty to choose from. At the end of the night we got a taxi back to the hotel for less than £5 so it really wasn't a problem.	
Nov 28 2008 	Not a great location	The &quot;Barbican&quot; location in the title is around a 10 minute walk away but a good shuttle bus will drop you off at the nearest tubes.Although the public areas of the hotel are well decorated, my room on the second floor was tired. The bathroom had seen better days and there appeared to be something growing in the (empty) mini bar fridge!The bed was comfortable &amp; the room was warm which was OK for my one night stay but I wouldn't have wanted to spend any time there	
Nov 25 2008 	FAB Stay	After a fantastic weekend at The Thistle Barbican I thought I had to post here after the negative reviews I read on here. The room was clean, tidy and warm. The breakfast was fabuolous and the staff were very friendly and helpful. I was able to pick up a free newspaper and also use the spa free of charge. We had a lovely afternoon in the swimming pool, sauna and steam room catching up before a night out in Shorditch which is a short walk away.	
Nov 23 2008	Worst hotel ever nothing like their website photos!!!!	This is the worst hotel in London, its dirty, damp, has no heating and the staff are very rude. i won't give it 2 stars let alone its 4 star claim.I rang to comfirm my late check-in to a pre paid double room,but when i arrived i got a twin room . I was informed i could pay an additional fee to get an up grade to a double room even though i had booked a double. When i got to the twin room there was no heating in the room. It was freezing. The walls and ceils had large damp patches and the sheets on the beds were damp like the room had not been heated in a few days. the wallpaper was coming off the walls in parts of the room and the bathroom was dirty .When i rang reception to complain about this they told me to turn on the radiator on the wall and that the room would &quot;heat up&quot;. The receptionist was rude and seemed to think it weird that i was complaining about no heat on in the room before i got there. It was November and freezing outside- i think heat is a basic! no?After two more phone calls to reception and very unhelpful rude staff, i asked to speak to the manger. I eventually was moved rooms to another twin room.This was not as bad as the last room , it was at least warm. but it still had some damp patches on the walls and the curtains had big rips in them.I stayed 3 days and ate room service once, a steak sandwich and chips. the food was discusting!! the steak looked like it had been taken off a half finished meal and cut into pieces before it was covering in mustard and put between two tiny pieces of bread, the chips had been in the fryer for longer than a few hours- crispy is an understatement!I would never stay here again!!! I go to london about 4-6 times a year and this is the worst hotel i have ever stayed in.	
Nov 23 2008 	The Life on Mars hotel	Quite possibly one of the worst hotels I've stayed in for a few years. Firstly, don't think the hotel is anywhere near the Barbican - that's about 10-15 minus walk away through not the most desirable part of north London, especially at night. When you get there, the reception is like a airport - empty, draughty and soul - less. The check in is OK, and it's all downhill after that as you have to go across the courtyard to the annex. There you'll feel that you've arrived on the set of TV's Life on Mars. Yellow paintwork, smelly, dank room, dirty,scuffed walls and the cupboard that passes for a bathroom. In the bathroom you'll see that scuzzy shower curtains in hotel rooms can be even more rank than those you remember from your student days. The aluminium windows rattle with a draft, but thankfully the curtains at least keep most of that out. To cap the most miserable stay for years, I plugged the kettle in and it blew the fuse, knocking out the TV at the same time!You'd have to be desperate to want to stay here. Avoid like the plague.	
Nov 18 2008 	Not Too Central...	Although it is convenient for those arriving at STN airport and taking the Liverpool Express, the hotel itself is a good 10minute walk from the underground. Whats worse is there are not too many restaurants around or much activity in the vicinity. So we always had to have dinner and then return to the hotel.We had to keep reminding the hotel that we were two of us staying in the room and needed two sets of towels. They would leave just 01 set! The same with the instant coffee packets in the room. There were new staff at the reception every time we walked in. Strange! One of the Lifts was under repair during our entire stay of 5nights. Breakfast was nothing to write home about.... For a first class hotel, the Thistle Barbican can do better.	
Nov 17 2008 	Great public area - rubbish rooms	I'd been to this hotel before, but only for a coffee, and thought it rather shabby - much like most of the Thistle hotels I've visited. However, I needed somewhere cheap that was close to the City, so I settled on the City Barbican hotel despite my previous visit.When I arrived at the hotel, the first thing I noticed was the new Thistle branding - very chic, lowercase and minimal - and this was reflected in a bright, clean public reception and bar area. So I figured it had improved and cheerfully checked in.However, the public area and the room I stayed in on the sixth floor were like distant cousins. My twin room was old-fashioned and cramped. The only concession to modernity was a small flatscreen TV, but beyond this it was chipped furniture, suspicious stains on the curtains and a shower that badly needed a limescale treatment. I stayed awake most of the night as my ears had tuned into an annoying dripping noise from the pipes in the wall behind the headboard.I had breakfast in the room. The earliest slot was 7.00, but the slip advised that an earlier slot could be booked if you rang roomservice, which I did, and the tray arrived, on time, at the 6.30 slot I'd requested. On the menu card, it said 'wholemeal bloomer toast', which rather gives the impression of rustic, rough-cut bread, but it was in fact two slices of floppy square-cut bread straight out of a packet. I tend to measure hotels on the warmth of the toast inthe room service breakfast, and this toast was pleasantly warm, even if aesthetically it was below par.This hotel is quite remote, being ten minutes (at least) from either Old Street or Barbican Underground stations. There is a free shuttle bus that runs to either tube station (and Moorgate) from the hotel every ten minutes, which is good.Overall, for a one night business stay where all I needed was a bed, it was fine, but if I was staying here for leisure reasons I'd have been hugely disappointed.	
Nov 8 2008 	Good value for money	My husband and I booked this hotel as a last minute break. We got a good deal and were happy to read that it was in the 'heart' of the city. Before we left we read the reviews on the website. We were so nervous that we had booked the wrong hotel - the reviews from other travellers were so bad!When we arrived we were pleasantly suprised as everything seemed nice. Pleasant check-in, nice bar area and a small restaurant. Our room was adequate, quite large with a very big bathroom. It did need updating but it was clean and we didn't spend all the day there.After being in the city all day we were happy to spend a few hours in the bar area before retiring. If you don't want to eat in the restaurant they serve fab snacks in the bar. Drinks are very expensive but we expected this for London.The only let down is that around the hotel there is no night life and the tube station is a good 10 minutes walk away - not in the heart of the city as advertised. To get to the city it is quite expensive on the underground. A taxi is more expensive.Overall, we had a lovely weekend. We would go to this hotel again. For the price we paid for a 3 night stay it was very good value.	
Nov 5 2008 	Dreadful Value for Money	Stayed one night mid-week on a business trip and paid £190 for a shabby, basic room in a tatty hotel. The non-smoking room stank of stale cigarette smoke and was so cramped it was difficult to find space to turn. It would have been poor value if it had cost half the price.	
Nov 2 2008 	Very poor condition of rooms - glad to leave!	I stayed in this hotel recently on a work trip for one night as it was close to the conference centre.Whilst the staff were helpful and the central areas ok the rooms were awful.In my first room I walked in and found it freezing cold, perhaps that was due to a window where the handle was broken off and therefore I could not close it! That and a TV that did not work found me asking the staff to move me.I was moved to a bigger room with windows that closed but to be honest the overall room standard was not much better.Bear in mind I got the single room for £95 and ok this is London - I was not expecting a fancy room and it was indeed so dated. What I do not find acceptable is a lack of cleanliness. The room was very grubby with stains and marks on the walls and the shower looked like it was held together with rust. The restaurant was not much better, they had a captive audience, in that the surrounding area did not lend itself to nightlife - the food was ok but outrageously expensive and positioned near the front door which made for a very cold dining experience.In all this is one of the worst hotels I have stayed in for a very long time and I was glad to leave the next day.	
Nov 1 2008 	Disappointing in so many ways	I stayed in this hotel for two nights for a training course in nearby Clerkenwell. My overall feeling of the hotel was one of disappointment, which started when I checked in and lasted right until I left.Despite its name, I wouldn't say this hotel is convenient for the City. It's about a mile north of Bank, in a very residential area. The hotel is also about a 10-minute walk from Angel, Old Street and Barbican Tube stations - not good if you have much luggage.The hotel consists of two buildings; the main reception, bars and restaurant are together in one of the buildings. The public areas are actually quite smart and clean, but this didn't reflect the quality of the room.My room was quite small, considering this is a 'City' hotel. The fixtures and fittings were quite worn; the 'safe' had actually come away from the wall so I certainly wasn't going to trust any of my belongings to it! My room had a large, freestanding fan, a sign that the room could get very hot - which it did, making getting a good night's sleep on the first night quite difficult.I accidentally flooded the bathroom the next morning due to a leak behind the bath taps. As you can see in the picture the seals are mouldy. The bathroom is in need of a refit.At breakfast the food and service were below standard. It took ages before I was asked whether I'd like tea or coffee. The bread rolls and croissants seemed stale, beans were starting to congeal and hash browns were hard. There were no spoons on the breakfast table to stir coffee with.While checking out I wasn't asked whether I'd enjoyed my stay. Presumably they're not interested in making sure their guests have a good experience.	
Oct 29 2008 	Excellant Hotel 	Having left the booking of a hotel for my trip to London last year to the VERY last minute, i really didnt know what to expect of the hotel but got a great deal from Laterooms and as my friend and I were only down in London for the nightlife we weren't caring too much!My first impressions of the hotel were impressive with the staff being very nice and helpful. One of the receptionists in particular was very nice and always has a hello for us.The room was a little small but very clean and had everything you would expect it to have. When we encountered a problem with the shower we were quickly given another room which turned out to be of a higher standard!!The concierage was excellant with booking us taxis and anything else we required and even drove us to the tube station when we checked out as there were no taxis available!!!I would certainly use this hotel in the future and recommend it to others. Food was good, although drinks were quite expensive but you would expect that of London so was prepared for that!!!	
Oct 25 2008 	let down by thistle	we booked to stay 3 nights and we had 6 adults in our group.We stayed here to be fair becasue the price was good and the pistures on the web sites all looked very nice.We arrived to find the reception area was bright and modern,the breakfast/dinner area also clean and bright.the hotel was split into 2 buildings, ask to stay in the main building as the rooms are of a highter standard (IT was what i expected to start with)the rooms in the other block are with the blue/green decoration which are out of date.the rooms verid in size but all are clean.The let down is when you look closer the walls and floors have dirty marks or stains on them.The walls and tiles have holes in from pass drilling and our radiator had 2 big rust marks on !!. the lay- out of the tv pussed in the corner the dressing area all reminded me of the 70's. We had a very noisey 1st night so asked if they could move us to a quiet room.Which they did and it was in the main block.This was what i had expected to find when i arrived, it is clean, no holes in the walls or tiles, quiet, modern, the whole room was great ! how ever i would not pay to upgrade yourself into this room i would stay else where.	
Oct 22 2008 	people trying to be above there station	just landed back from a weekend theatre break at the barbican thistle for myself and my wife,my honest opinion is that the hotel is very good the staff could not have been more helpful the rooms were spotlessly clean with good decor and facilities in the room,the spa was also a big plus having trekked round London all day, the breakfast was fine but the tea was extremely weak,we ate in the restaurant on the Saturday night [carvery] and i would not recommend it.old street tube is 10 mins walk away but come on you are in London walking is a requirement to see the sites all in all people who have complained are probably irate businessmen who have had another bad day or people trying to be above there station in life	
Oct 18 2008 	UNFAIR REVIEWS	I read the recent reviews and can say that I felt some were unfair, though it's unusual for people to take time to write a good or average review - most who have a bad experience will take that time. I read about the rats and decided to keep an open mind. The staff were excellent - an example being that I needed to locate a small road on a map and not content with being unable to find it, the concierge made telephone calls and used the internet to produce a comprehensive map. I was only going to meet friends for a drink so he didn't need to do so much but he insisted on doing so. That's helpful indeed. Other staff were polite and willing to assist with whatever I asked of them.The rooms were fine - not overly modern, but traditional and clean. I had no rats evident in my room. The safe in my room didn't work. I called the reception and within 5 minutes the manager arrived personally to apologise and offer me free safe facilities at reception. The food for breakfast was lovely. Nothing better than a well-cooked tasty fry-up in the morning and there was plenty of choice and it was all very nice - despite the high influx of people all at once. The location of this hotel isn't great if you're using the tube - it's a good 10 minute walk across concrete terrain but the taxis are always pulling up outside and they are actually fairly cheap these days - varying from £6 to £12 for a trip into town (West End).	
Oct 11 2008 	Hotel OK Tea/coffee dreadful	Stayed for a long weekend with wife, daughter and grandaughter in 2 rooms, sightseeing, inc. a trip on the Duck (very good) and a show (Wicked - very average). Hotel ok and comfortable and clean. Swimming pool and fitness suite a bonus and at no extra charge which was good,unlike other hotels I've stayed at in London who do levy an additional charge (eg The Rembandt £12 a person for a swim). We were B &amp; B, breakfast was ok but the Tea and Coffee were a disgrace. The first morning we were served tea made with warm water as weak as gnats pee. We asked for another pot this was the same, we gave up and bought a pot of tea eleswhere later on. The second morning we asked for coffee, this was like treacle, it was so strong. We asked for Tea, again this was luke warm and weak, at this point we gave up on beverages. The staff at this hotel MUST be taught how to make a Good Cup of TEA!! Don't they know how important this is!!!!!Hotel is a bit of a walk from the nearest underground, did'nt bother us, except when carrying our luggage - Taxis needed. The advertised shuttle bus to station/city was not operating when we were there, not good.	
Oct 2 2008	Hotel Good - Location Not So Good	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights while having a weekend break in london, mainly to watch the Rugby League final at Wembly and visit the West End for shows and meals. This was a weekend package purchased through a trave agent.Despite reading a lot of poor reviews of this hotel after we had booked it, we found the Hotel to be good, rooms clean but small, not a big problem as we were out most of the time. Breakfast was also good but we had a short wait to be seated as the hotel was fully booked all weekend. We found the Hotel good value for the amount we paid.The main problem is the location. It's a 10 minute walk to the nearest tube station and taxis to the West end averaged £10 per trip which added another £80 to our stay, which could have been used to get a Hotel nearer to the West End.	
Oct 2 2008 	Rat attack! Rats on the 6th Floor	My friend I booked this hotel as we were planning on having a girls weekend in London.To start with the shuttle bus that was supposed to run between the hotel and Kings Cross did not exist!Second point: There is no way in heel that this is a 4 star hotel. The rooms were small, dated and dirty.Third point: Breakfast is a joke! Rude waiting staff, cold food and dont even bother asking for tea, coffee, toast or cutlery as you will only be ignored anyway.Last but not least: On the second night I was woken up by a strange rustling sound at 3 am. When i put the light on I found a huge rat sitting on my dressing table!!! (My room was on the 6th floor) After calling the night manager to come to the room i was told there was not much could be done as the rat could no longer be seen.PLEASE DO NOT STAY HERE - EVER	
Sep 27 2008 	Average and Overpriced	I stayed a couple of nights whilst on business in London.The hotel is pretty isolated and theres not a lot in the vicinity. A colleague had a car to get us around but if you were here to visit London then forget it! The communial parts of the hotel look ok but the rooms are pretty tired. Breakfast was way over priced and toast seems to be a scarce commodity in this hotel.Overall a very average stay.	
Sep 27 2008	Definitely not a 4 star	After receiving our room keys following a short wait at reception we went up to our room. The room was TINY and extremely hot with no air flow. There was a small fan but made hardly any difference and was noisy so at night it was a choice between being kept awake by the noise of the fan or the heat. This hotel should definitely invest in air conditioning. The cleanliness of the room and bathroom was average, not done particularly well and the room seemed dated and worn. We needed a taxi to go out in the evenings, the concierge was very helpful and got us one sorted quickly. Breakfast the next morning was a complete disaster. After queuing for about 40 mins we entered the restaurant to find that half of the restaurants tables were empty - they just weren't using them as the staff were too disorganised to clear the plates off them, it wasn't even a case that it was full. We eventually were seated, surrounded by irate customers, one lady next to us complaining that she had asked countless times and was still waiting for a cup of tea 40 minutes after asking. The service was awful - I will however note that this is not the fault of the waitresses and waiters, however the management. There were loads of them but there seemed to be no system in place for clearing/ serving etc etc. They had no clue what was going on - some staff training would be a wise investment. The food itself was mediocre. We went to use the leisure facilities. The first time we went down we were told there were no more keys for the lockers so we'd just have to leave our stuff in the changing room if we wanted to swim. They wouldn't find anywhere for us to put valuables, room keys etc. We went down later on to swim instead although the jacuzzi was broken.I would never stay in this hotel again, I have stayed in several 4 star hotels and would say this certainly doesn't match up to the rest. The rooms are sub standard and the staff untrained and often unfriendly.	
Sep 27 2008 	very disappointing.......	this hotel is advertised as a 4 star establishment but the reality is far from that! the room was ok but had a smell of stale smoke even though we had requested a no smoking room. the gym was very good, pleasant and helpful staff. but the breakfast was a joke....... lukewarm, weak tea, coffee not much better, no cutlery on table and we asked for toast on 2 mornings and we are still waiting for it........... i have stayed in a good few european hotels and this is the worst breakfast service i ever experienced!	
Sep 24 2008 	Very Disappointing	We had a very disappointing night in this hotel. The room was shabby though we were asked on arrival if we wished to buy an upgrade. Big mistake that we didn't as the room was definitely shabby and well below 4* standards. The shower head looked like an incubation zone for Legionaires Disease. Poor quality hand towels and curtains that had been remade. Enough said!	
Sep 23 2008 	Somewhere near Watford	Booked this through late rooms. For my previous visit I had stayed in the Thistle Kensigton which was fine but not available this time.This hotel was a fair distance from the Barbican - much further than is implied on the web site &amp; quite a way from any tube station.On arrival it was more like a timeshare sales pitch - trying to sell me an upgrade, discount if I paid for breakfast now.....Once through that the twin room I got was small &amp; very dated - pbviously in need of some refurb.The only saving grace was the gym which was great &amp; allowed me to think I was running away from the place - unfortunately it was on the treadmill so I didn't get anywhere.My one effort to call reception took 15 minutes and three calls before the phoine was answered.	
Sep 17 2008 	Bad bad bad....	Really bad business hotel. Boiling, small rooms and a terrible service. I ordered breakfast in the room and had to cancel it after 45 (!!) minutes as it still hadn't arrived!Really a bad value for money.	
Sep 16 2008 	A Very Good Experience	I booked this through lastminute.com. They sometimes have special deals on hotels, so they're cheaper than usual but you don't find out the actual name of it until after you book.I paid £60 for a double room on a Saturday night in a four star hotel in central London- so I thought I couldn't really go wrong. Once I found out that the Thistle Barbican was the hotel, I looked it up on Tripadvisor and was really worried by all the terrible reviews.Now, I don't know if it was because I had low expectations and/or because I hadn't paid much for the room but I thought the hotel was ideal for what I wanted.The room was a good size and very comfortable (even if the decor was a bit tatty in places), the bathroom was spotless and the public areas were also very clean. The staff were very friendly.I have stayed in many London hotels, some better and some an awful lot worse than this. I would happily recommend the Thistle Barbican to people as an affordable central base.	
Sep 10 2008 	Even the name is wrong...	Me and this hotel got off on the wrong foot from the start.It calls itself Thistle Barbican, which to me would suggest that is within the shadow of the Barbican complex on the edge of the city...In truth you can barely see the Barbican towers from the place and as for the claim that 'St Pauls is 10 minutes away...'???? By phone perhaps...Anyway, once I'd finally arrived back in 1989 the real nightmare began. I'll concede that check in was smooth and within minutes I was walking to my room (rack rate £199 + VAT.)On arriving in the room, I assumed there had been some mix up and I'd actually used my keycard to access a wardrobe...but no, it was indeed a room, with two single beds to prove the point...sadly the point being I'd booked a double.On attempting to change my room, a reasonable request, I was told the hotel was full and this was it...I'd checked in after 9pm you see...silly me.On realising that this was to be my cell for the night, I decided to make the best of it. As I didn't have a demolition squad available, making the best of it really only involved getting some sleep...but it would seem that this most hateful of establishments couldn't even allow me that small concession. Aircon obviously wasn't invented when this hotel was decorated, instead a nasty ceiling fan is offered to not only make no discernable difference to ambient air temperature, but also whirr so loudly to make it all but useless....if you don't count reminding you just how bad the 1980's were.The bathroom looked like it had escaped from the set of Rising Damp and the shower curtain resembled the Turin Shroud, so at least the experience was consistent...After a sleepless night that ended at 6am when the nextdoor room turned their TV on...yes the walls are that thin....I was glad to shower and beat a hasty retreat.I really couldn't recommend it any less...in fact, if you're offerred a cardboard box under a flyover as an alternative, take it...	
Aug 28 2008	Rooms are disgsuting	the room was horrible and not clean. The bathroom smelled of vomit and you aren't guaranteed a hot shower every day. If you are going to be out in the city all day and only need a place to sleep its okay and the price is very reasonable for London. Islington is only a 10 minute walk and it has a nice highstreet. I'll try another hotel next time.	
Aug 24 2008 	So awful we didn't even stay the night	After reading the previous bad reviews on this hotel i was very worried about staying here but the photos of the rooms looked very good and as this was a 4 star hotel was confident that the hotel would be ok. I had booked 1 night in a double room but due to some confusion with the travel company, i had been booked into a twin room. The room was the smallest room i had ever seen with no air conditioning &amp; was very noisy due to the large number of groups staying at the hotel. Not the sort of room you would want to stay in with your husband on a weekend break.I asked to be moved to another room and offered to pay for an upgrade but the hotel was fully booked so we had no choice but to check out &amp; go home as we would not have got any sleep sleeping in an oven and listening to the groups of people coming back to their rooms.We did complain to the manager who was not really interested as the problem with the room type is with the travel company, which we have taken up with them. However, we were advised there were no other rooms but after checking out we were telephoned to advise a double room was now available so we could come to the hotel. After hearing other people complaining about their rooms we decided not to come back as did not want to be disappointed again.	
Aug 18 2008 	Smallest room I have ever endured	Could not believe the size of my room after checking in - if I stretched out both my arms I could nearly touch both walls! See attached picture to get an idea of how small we're talking here, note the tiny single bed.No air-conditioning (even though the room guide referred to one) and the room was like a sauna at night (mid-August), even with the window open. There was a compressor outside that was really loud very early in the morning so leaving the window open was a disaster. 3 nights into my stay I have yet to get a full nights sleep.I would not pay £20/night for this place let alone the £120/night my company were swindled out of. On the plus side, staff were polite and the gym was adequate. Overall, avoid if you can.	
Aug 18 2008 	THIS HOTEL IS NOT WORTH IT!	I stopped at this hotel on the 9th of August as a group of 14 and was disgusted by the service from the start. We arrived to find that our rooms werent ready and after eventually being given 2 rooms to get changed in we were disgusted by the state of the rooms - holes in the wall, wallpaper peeling, dirty carpets and bed linen and the bathroom was also disgusting. When we complained we were told we would not be able to change rooms, with the manager even confirming the rooms were disgusting! We also tried to get food from the bar to be told 'we're too busy, you'll be waiting a long time so dont bother!' The whole experience was awful and after spending £150 on a room for one night I would have been better off at a travelodge and the service is a lot better! I would not recommend this hotel to anyone at all, there were numerous complaints from other parties whilst we were there and I have already wrote a letter of complaint to the managing office. From someone who stays in London a lot I will never ever go back to this hotel and would definately not recommend it.	
Aug 9 2008 	Get a good deal and it's fine	Ignore the awful / excellent reviews of this hotel and simply look at the price you've paid or been quoted. If you wander in off the street and pay the £180 rack rate then it's a simply dreadful hotel. If, like me, you're down for work and you pay around £50 a night during the week then it's a great deal. Sure, it isn't a particulary luxurious hotel. But some of the places I've stayed in London between the £50 and £65 braket during the week have been truly dreadful compared to this.You need a second mortgage to buy a drink at the hotel bar, but then you're in London - go out and find a nice pub instead.My room was clean, had a flat screen TV with Sky One, Sky Sports, E4 etc, bed was pretty comfy, noise from the street was quite quiet for London and you're around 5 mins walk from the tube. Walking in to Leciester Sq area takes around 40 mins.I presume all the bad reviews were from people paying over the odds. If you have to pay over £80 mid-week for this hotel, look elsewhere. Otherwise, it's a pretty good deal.	
Aug 6 2008	Dreadful customer service let it down	A large group of us stayed at this hotel last weekend for a hen weekend. Admittedly we were a large group averaging 20 throughout the two nights we stayed, however the hotel was not in the least bit organised, despite one of our party having contacted them well in advance to advise them and confirm with them the itinerary for the day on Saturday.As part of a hen package organised by a booking agent we had each paid for a mini spa treatment lasting half an hour. The week before we were told that the treatments could not take place in the spa itself but instead we would have to use two of the rooms we had booked. The treatments had not been scheduled properly and the one bit of paper that they were scribbled down on was lost. It was then left to two of our party to talk to each individual and re-schedule the treatments. There was lots of confusion and some girls ended up having their treatments moved several times. Furthermore, not everyone was asked if they suffered from any illnesses or allergies, nor was everyone asked to sign disclaimer forms.For those of us hoping to enjoy the spa facilities the jacuzzi was &quot;closed for maintenance&quot; despite no-one maintaining it at all throughout the day.As I said above we were a large party however the staff at the spa did not once apologise and were unconcerned and at times downright rude. One girl went down to use the hairdryer in the spa on the Saturday evening as the hairdryers in the rooms were not particularly powerful and was challenged by a member of the spa staff and accused of not staying at the hotel. When she told him she was staying there and questioned his rudeness he countered that &quot;it was as much her fault as his&quot; for not telling him she was staying there and started to shout at her.At breakfast on the Sunday morning there were clearly not enough staff on duty and despite having reserved a table for our party it was not fully set for enough people. When I asked a girl who was clearing tables if she could bring 3 settings to our table she replied &quot;no, you're sitting in the bar and I'm not working in the bar&quot; and walked off.All of the above said, when we did complain to the manager she was very apologetic and offered us free sandwiches for lunch. The rooms were comfortable enough and generally the hotel is OK. However if you have paid a lot of money (which we had) and the hotel has been advised in plenty of time of the number of guests etc. then they should have been fully prepared. And even if things go wrong, which we expect from time to time, there is no excuse for rudeness and bad manners. I would not stay here again and I doubt any of the girls in my party would either, not least the hen who was reduced to tears during the spa debacle.	
Jul 26 2008 	Awful do not frequent this establishment!	I stayed in this hotel while on business in London. The hotel was not my first choice however I was allocated to stay here due to other hotels in the area being full.I arrived at the hotel well after midnight and upon checking in the receptionist told me that he'd upgraded my room. I was most pleased and when told my room was on the 6th floor, I took this to be a good sign.Unfortunately when I got out the lift I was appalled at the state of the corridor, the decor was that of a mid '70s council office. However it was late and I was tired so I made my way to my room, the door opened to what was a small stuffy twin room that was extremely basic and barrenly furnished. I dreaded to think what the room was like that I'd been upgraded from.There was no air conditioning in the room (how any so-called 4 star London hotel can not have air conditioning is beyond me). Had it not been so late I would have immediatly requested to be moved.To compensate I ordered some room service - a simple sandwich - 10 minutes after placing my order I got a call to tell me that they had run out of the ingredients for what I had requested so I changed my order to a salmon sandwich. About 20 minutes later a plate was brought to my door on which sat a sandwich that you would be embarrassed to give a dog, artfully dressed with some crisps that looked like they'd seen better days.The following day, after a fitful night's sleep, I walked from the 6th floor to reception and it did appear that some of the other floors looked a bit better decorated so maybe I had drawn the short straw.However, you would think that the hotel would accommodate a solo businesswomen traveller in a comfortable room where one didn't have to double lock the door in order to feel safe.Please don't stay here, unless you are on a super-tight budget and don't mind sleeping in an oven.	
Jul 22 2008 	Better than expected !	Having read all the previous reviews regarding this hotel we were less than happy about staying here. We booked a weekend break through Superbreaks and flew with Ryanair to Stansted. Our travel arrangements went very well and when we arrived at the hotel about 10am we were advised that our room wasn't ready, but we didn't expect it to be. We left our cases with the Concierge and went for a walk. When we returned about 11.30 we were informed that our room was ready. This was a bonus as we thought we would have to wait until 2pm. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful, as was the Concierge. Our room was in the second building and yes, the room was quite small, but clean, as was the bathroom and the fresh towels daily were soft and large. The bed was comfortable with lovely clean cotton white sheets and duvet cover. The free standing fan was good, efficient and kept the room at a pleasant temperature.Our objective was to see as much of London in the time we had, so spending a long time in the room wasn't an option. Breakfasts were very good and there was plenty to choose from....we did eat just after 0800 each morning, and the food was replenished regularly and was hot. We were out of the hotel all day and only returned to shower and change for dinner. We ate in the Fish Central restaurant across the road from the hotel and was a most enjoyable experience...good food, reasonably priced as was the wine and the service efficient and friendly. This place closes on Sunday and we would advise booking a table as it is a popular eating place. It is not pretentious and doesn't have table cloths, but the food is good !We ate in the hotel on Sunday night and were quite impressed with what we chose. This is rated as a 3 star by Superbreaks and is above average for a 3 star establishment, especially for the price we paid for a London hotel ! We did not use the pool but went to see it and it appeared clean and a reasonable size. The staff here were also very helpful and had we had more time would have used it. The area around the hotel is not quite the ghetto area we were expecting and we walked everywhere during our stay and did not feel threatened at all. We didn't venture away at night, so perhaps in the dark late hours it is a different story, we cannot comment. We were pleasantly surprised with this hotel and would offer the opinion that if you are expecting an inner London 5 star delux hotel, go else where. For what we paid, along with the cleanliness, friendliness and helpfulness of staff, we cannot fault it and would recommend it to those who are not averse to walking. The bar prices are quite high and a service charge is added to the drinks bill, but it is London and drinking in the bar is not compulsory ! We were quite impressed with this hotel, especially after all the adverse comments written by previous guests. The room could be updated, but it was clean and sufficient for our needs.	
Jul 22 2008	Thistel was fine	I stayed for two nghts in July. This was booked on the web at a very good rate. After booking I read the many negative reviews on this site. I was not looking forward to it but was pleasantly surprised.Thre are a lot of negative comments about the location. We found it an easy walk from either Old Street or Barbican Tube stations. The area does have a lot of public housing but it felt perfectly safe walking back at night. It's where it says it is; on the edge of the City.The reception areas are fine. The concierges are helpful. There is a perfectly acceptable gym and pool. The negative part is in the room where the decor is tired. But it was clean and quiet. the room was also hot but it was quiet enough to sleep with the windows open. there are some cooments about there being nowherre to eat nearby. Thre isn't a lot but there is a very good fish restaurant right beside the hotel.I wouldn't rush back but with a good rate would consider staying again.	
Jul 19 2008 	One would expect more	If you want a room for the night and a quik dip in the pool then it is acceptable but if you want more London on your doorstep this is a bit out of the way on the edge of the financial district. Rooms very dated no aircon, and bathroom could do with a spring clean.Reception very frendly.There is better and cheaper. For a brand name hotel one would expect more.	
Jul 17 2008 	good stay	stayed here saturday night, ideal location. 10 minutes from barbican tube and safe walk. tube only 10 minutes from main tubes. covent garden etc. tea making kit was in draws. so have a look if ya think you have lucked out. room was very nice and ideal for 2 people. got a taxi home on saturday night from leicester square and was only 15 quid. all in all a good stay.	
Jul 15 2008	poor quality	Unfortunately all of the previous negative reviews are accurate! The hotel rooms are definitely NOT 4 star! I have stayed in numerous London hotels over the past 5 years and this is the worst of the bunch. rooms are small, tired &amp; grotty. No AC in my room, reception says that AC is only available in exec rooms and this is on their website. It isn't. First time in years that I have actually double locked a hotel room door. As a female staying alone the location is isolated and the rooms in this building feel less than secure. No mini bar or iron in the room. Room service food was poor but palatable but the grapes with the cheese were mouldy. Staff are OK and pleasant enough. Value for money is poor - there are better B&amp;B's and 2/ star accommodation in London, 4 stars must be due to the availability of the facilities here and definitely NOT the rooms!! I would not stay here again or reccommend it to others - spend your money elsewhere - even holiday inn express and travelodge offer better standard basic accommodation than here.	
Jul 13 2008 	Perfect group hotel	I was really nervous about staying here after reading the reviews- booked the hotel through chillisauce.co.uk for 10 girls for a hen weekend. However, for what we wanted-which was a hotel with a pool+sauna etc and a base for the weekend-it was great. The rooms varied in size- some were tiny but ours was fine- large enough to fit 10 girls in for pre-night out drinks! The rooms were all clean but a bit worn round the edges. We had tea+coffee making facilities.The breakfast service was hopeless-really really disorganised- but we did go down at 10am and they were rushed off their feet. The hen night parties (at least 6 different groups) were ushered into a different room for breakfast- presumably as so not to offend the other guests!! We had a late night meal (went down at 10pm) on the friday night in the really nice bar at the back- the staff were superb- nothing was too much trouble. We used the pool on the Sunday morning- again the staff were fab, although one of the girls said that a member of staff had been rude to her on the Saturday morning. The pool was mid-size- looked clean enough- a sauna, steam room and jacuzzi.The downside is the distance to the tube stations-Old Street is the closest, but still a good 10-15 minute walk. We ended up getting cabs everywhere because there was so many of us- cost us £12 from Paddington Station, and about £20 from Piccadilly Circus at 3am on Sunday morning. I do think if I'd come here with my husband, I would have been disappointed-it wasn't the plushest of hotels, and some of the rooms were really small. I'd agree that it is nowhere near 4 star, but really not as bad as some of the reviews posted here.	
Jul 8 2008	Ok but....	Location a bit away from Barbican and overall the hotel is three-star, not four. Room ok but some scuffs to wall etc. No tea-making equipment in room. Bathroom showing some signs of wear, for example taps, poor toilet flush. But biggest let-down to being four star is breakfast, very decidedly three-star; for table settings (a mug rather than teacup/saucer), buffet choice, and service (long delay before being offered tea or coffee).Michel Parfois-Sage.	
Jul 8 2008 	Don't do it!	Absolutely dire for the star rating! I've stayed in much nicer travel lodges. How does London get away with having such poor 4 star hotels??The area was tower-block central, The room was so tiny the tv had been taken off the stand on the wall as you would not have been able to walk past the bed if it were there. Light fittings were hanging off the wall, the shower sprayed in all directions, the bedding was stained, and everything looked old!I must admit I didn't try the pool or sauna and the concierge was very helpful with taxis however. Just make sure you know what to expect (I was so excited about going to a 4 star london hotel!) and don't go unless you get a mega good deal on the room.Good luck!	
Jun 24 2008 	Wonderful (if you don't go outside !)	Hard to get to with the nearest Tube ten minutes away and even my taxi driver said &quot; why are you staying here, it's out of the way ? &quot;. My room was fantastic and so was all the customer service, in fact I have never met such polite staff and the restaurant staff were so incredibly nice that I felt it must be their life's vocation to make sure I was happy.. Nice to see their boss serving breakfast alongside them as well and he was so aware of what was going on. But, I am a solo traveller and although I went for an afternoon walk, I would not be comfortable wandering away from the hotel at night. Some dark streets and shady alleys made you look over your shoulders a lot. Its a mix of shops and residential, the shops are a bit run down. Two pubs nearby but I wouldn't go in by myself really. Not much nearby for eating so I ate in the restaurant. Expensive for what it was really , especially a bowl of soup at £6. Free newspapers, welcoming staff, well kept and comfy and spacious room.	
Jun 20 2008 	OK not a 4-star but still not bad	I stayed here with a friend earlier this month (June 2008) for two nights while in London to see a concert. Although the rooms are normally very expensive, we got a brilliant rate through lastminute.com. I can understand why people might be disappointed with the rooms if they'd paid the full rate, as they're not exactly the height of luxury, but our room (a twin) was clean and had a decent bathroom and a south-facing window - we could see the London Eye and the GPO Tower. Yes, the corridors are an absolute rabbit-warren, but the room numbers are well signposted so finding your room is never a problem. We didn't eat in the restaurant or use the pool, so can't comment on either of those - except to say that from what we saw, the pool is more for idly splashing about than actually swimming, so don't bother with it if you're a serious swimmer. In all I'd agree that it doesn't really justify the 4-star rating, but it was nowhere near as bad as I'd been led to believe from some of the reviews on this site.One thing I really do have to say, though, is: please ignore all reviews which say the hotel is situated in a rough area. There's nothing remotely rough about it at all. We used the Barbican tube station (although apparently Old Street is about the same distance away) and it took us about 15 minutes to walk between the tube and the hotel, through well-lit streets with no sign of trouble anywhere. Also, there are plenty of cafes, restaurants and takeaways in the area.	
Jun 17 2008 	Stayed twice - ok as a base	Hi. I've stayed at this hotel twice, once in '05 on my hen weekend and then in '07 for my 30th with husband and baby. I thought it was ok! both times we used it as a base to go and explore from. The main pull for me was having the pool and mini spa to chill out after shopping or whatever and in London there aren't many with a pool. The rooms I've stayed in have been reasonable,clean and comfortable. Nice clean bathrooms, space to sit and comfy beds. Not a great view! But didn't go for the view! We had a travel cot for my daughter brought up, it was supposed to be in the room but asked at reception and was greeted politely and soon brought up to us. Breakfast catered for all palates, continental and Full English. The downside was the evening meal in the restaurant. We had been out all day and thought it would be easier to eat in and it was expensive and rubbish! It was a hot buffet that was an odd mix and not very much left at 7pm. I would stay here again - for the pool and a base to explore London. Shop around for rates though because we did get a really good rate so for us it was good value.	
Jun 13 2008 	Small and old rooms	The room was small and old, which doesn't correspond to the room rate.The rate of two stars for tis hotel seems good compared to other sites where 3 and 4 stars can be found.The restaurang and bar area are nice but the rooms are not good.	
Jun 12 2008 	Excellent customer servicefound via Freedom website who organise group parties!	Excellent customer service, made to feel very welcome. Facilities are great and also provide relaxing beauty treatments. All of this was organised by Freedom Ltd website, who organises Group Parties, Stag and Hen Night as well as Corporate Events. All at great rates! Value for money. Will definately use again!	
Jun 8 2008 	Not as good as it looks	Got a good room for the price but terrible treatment from the persons who work there. Got at the hotel around 2am, was really tired and got really bad treated as there was a problem with my reservation, my english isnt the better and they didnt made a slight effort to make themselves understandable, maybe cause i wasnt wearing a suit...? In the morning saw people wearing suits being really well treated but the same for me kept going while i was trying to check out. Had to go figure where my room was as i got no indications. Despite that the room is high quailty service and very quiet. If you are wearing a suit when staying there than service should be top quality.Despite that enjoyed the staying, as the room was real private and very quiet.	
May 23 2008	Shocking!!	Booked in to this hotel at relatively short notice (early morning for that night) as was working late in london.Probably one of the most appalling hotels I have ever stayed in. Grubby outdated and like a 1970's student bedsit...only worse!	
May 15 2008 	birthday treat	Had booked this hotel on line as a birthday pressie for my husband , then decided to check it out on this site , was very dismayed when i read some of the reviews and even concidered trying to change it . You can imagine my surprise when we arrived to find a top class , effecent hotel , check in was very quick , room very comfortable and staff very plesant . Dont know what was expected from those that gave it bad reviews , maybe they were expecting buckingham palace , but at the end of the day its just a place to put your head down at night . Will def be staying there again , suited our needs to a tee .	
May 11 2008 	Poor value for money and not terribly comfortable	Arriving at Barbican station to find the hotel was about equidistant from Angel, Old Street and Barbican wasn't a good start.The hotel is located in a rather beaten-up area of London, but blends in well with its equally tired-looking exterior.Travelling with a friend of mine, I was uncomfortable to learn our twin room booking hadn't been honoured and we had to share a double bed. Thankfully, her boyfriend didn't mind, but we weren't offered or given any discount or compensation.The hotel felt tired and outdated, and coupled with £120 for the night, was extremely poor value for money. Breakfast was in excess of £15 each and I had some pastries stolen-to-order and brought back to the room to save paying through the nose for some cereal and toast.The room was peaceful and the shower powerful, however I've stayed in many hotels where £120 bought a much higher standard of accommodation.	
May 7 2008 	Hated the Thistle - 2 star seventies luxury	The hotel is situated a short walk from Shoreditch.It is nowhere near a bus or tube connection.I would advise getting back to the hotel before dark as the local tower blocks look a haven for muggers.It was probably a nice hotel when in was last decorated back in the seventies!The food selection is dreadful - first hotel I have encountered that didnt have Beef, Chicken or Pork on the menu.The bathroom is cramped with broken tap fittings and a cracked toilet basin - its 2 star minimalist at best.The bedroom is tiny, in need of new furniture.There is no air conditioning, but the window does open 2 inches.The TV is an ancient 12 or 14&quot; CRT kids bedroom model.Two of the main UK chans ITV and Chan4 do not work.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone	
May 5 2008 	Lovely reception area pity about the rooms!!	I booked a single room at a &quot;4 star&quot; hotel so I was expecting a slightly smaller room than normal but with good decour and a &quot;4 star&quot; feel.What I got was a tiny dingy room that reminded me of a Blackpool B&amp;B - how my heart sank when I saw it - who every graded this as a 4* hotel must have never seen building two where these grotty / small rooms are!Their was no air conditioning just a window which you could not fully open and a stand alone floor fan which circulated the hot air. The bathroom was tiny and did not even have a full sized bath so I could not have a bath - the shower head was also rusty so could not direct the spray. (I even kicked the toilet while getting out of the shower - twice!)Their was stains on the ceiling and the bed was tiny. Also the sink overflow did not work in the bathroom.Tea and Coffee facilitys! The kettle looked like the cheap / tacky travel version!.To sum up not 4* in standard rooms - maybe a 1* - info on online travel company misleading i.e pic's / discription.	
May 4 2008 	Awfull Stay Well Clear	stayed at this hotel last night as we went to watch a show,how anybody can say this hotel is nice is beyond me !!!!!!!!! area that its in is scary,we are a married couple in our 30,s so we are not an old couple i mean the area itself is ruff with all high rise council flats surrounding the hotel,we did get a taxi into the west end which cost us £40 but anything was better than staying in this grotty dump,the room was dark and dingy,the wallpaper was hanging off,there was hair and grime on the taps and they had stuck the curtains to the wall with blue tac.Our headboard had stains on it and i have done nothing but itch since i slept on the bed (which by the way was rock solid and past it ).Dont get me wrong the reception area is beautifull and plush carpets through to the corridors but then i am afraid thats where it all stops.We stay in london a lot as we have family there but never have i ever stayed in a grot hole like this the B+B s are much better than this so called hotel and i am amazed it has a rating at all.We came down for breakfast in the morning and we ended up just having tea and toast as i think they need lessons in cooking as the breakfast consisted of undercooked eggs(and i mean they were undercooked)and everything else was cold,normally when we stay in london the rooms are clean and tidy and the breakfast is hot but this hotel is unreal.I would never stay here ever again as its a dump.And beware the pictures you see on their profile is not what you get .	
Apr 23 2008 	Plesant stay	Having spent a long w'end at this hotel I'm glad I didn't read the reviews before booking as they are totally the opposite of what I experienced.The staff were all polite and extremely helpful, esp the concierge.The rooms whilst small (show me a London hotel room that isn't) were comfortable and clean.The restaurant (I used the buffet service) was fairly good, especially the breakfast and the bar prices (for London) weren't too scary.And, whilst i didn't have chance to use the leisure facilities, they looked excellent.As for the location - if people consider that estate scary, they must have led very sheltered lives!! The closest tube is 10 minutes walk away and Angel main street offering pubs/restaurants is only slightly further away.Given that I booked thro an agent maybe I got a slightly better price, but all things considered I got value for money.	
Apr 22 2008 	ok hotel in grotty area	ugly exterior, smallish room (and that was an upgrade) but good facilities and bars. Expensive breakfast £19.50 but lovely staff. Easy enough to get into west end but advise taxi, not an area to wander round at night. Recommend Fish Central Restaurant opposite.We got a cheap online deal for an overnight stay after a night at the theatre so can't complain but was shocked to see on some websites rooms can cost around £300 a night - definitely better places to stay in London if you're prepared to spend that sort of money!	
Apr 21 2008 	Bit of a dive	I was very disappointed at the quality of this hotel given how much it cost us (even at a reduced rate through laterooms.com). Although the reception gave the impression of a four star modern hotel the rooms were more like 1 or 2 star. The rooms were very small and dingy with horrible stains on the walls. Bathroom was tiny and didn't look particularly clean. I'm sure you can find a lot better hotels for the same money and in a more convenient location. This hotel is quite isolated so wouldn't recommend if you are looking to go out in central London.	
Apr 20 2008 	Absolute DUMP	Unhelpful staff at check-in set the scene for a cramped, dirty and joyless room with a view of noisy air-conditioners. The kettle didn't work, there was no milk, the shower was broken, there were patches of damp on the ceiling and mould in the bathroom and in the morning I found I'd been attacked by bedbugs. It is far, far further than you'd expect to the Barbican and the promised 'shuttle bus' is a people carrier, that cannot cater for the number of guests needing to make this journey. Add to this the fact that the hotel is in a rundown area, with no nearby restaurants (just a surfeit of takeaways) and you really have to question the star rating. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone and I think the £140 price tag is scandalous, central London or not.	
Apr 15 2008	Even for a business trip it was a waste of money!!!	On first impressions, the Thistle is wonderful. The check in reception is big, roomy, wonderfully clean and the staff really helpful. The constrast is distinct once you open your bedroom door. The rooms are small, very dated, paper peeling, paint peeling and been painted over without sanding down. . . . are you getting the picture.The Thistle is fantastic at comitting the worst crime known to hotels . . . . . paper thin walls!!!!. We're not talking 80gsm paper here, we're talking rice paper. Although a hotel cannot be blamed for the behaviour of guests, two girls were having an arguement in the room next to me at 2am, I called the concierge who came up promptly but then within 5 minutes (the arguing continued although not at the same volume), room service arrived with lots of &quot;Good evening madam&quot; 's and lots of &quot;yes that will be £18.60&quot; &quot;yes, I have change&quot; &quot;enjoy your food&quot; etc. etc. etc. Not blaming the hotel for that, just the rice paper walls.I didn't choose to have breakfast in the hotel as I was at a local trade show and in a rush after not having much sleep - I'm sure it would have been fine because the restaurant is created in the same atmosphere as the lobby.My words to my partner were, &quot;thank god we didn't chose this 4 star central London hotel as a romantic break&quot; I would have been in tears!!!!!	
Apr 10 2008 	Not at the Barbican Thistle	This hotel is a dump. I can only think it gets 4 stars because it has a rare thing for London hotels - a swimming pool. The rooms were small and very tired looking. But the biggest problem for me is that the hotel is actually half a mile from the Barbican in the middle of a very dodgy looking estate. We walked out the first night and did't like the look of the neighbourhood, so we ended up spending quite a bit on taxis. The official rate for a hotel of this standard is totally out of proportion to the quality. On, and don't stay here on a Sunday night and expect to find anything open. The whole of the Barbican/City/Smithfields area doesn't do Sundays.	
Apr 6 2008	traps have better rooms	stayed here when went to see show and was very dissapointed mainly with room it was dingy and small not a 4 star hotel more like a 2 star room it was dated the bathroom tiles were cracked and there was hair around the bath the kettle in the room was still full of water and was green in the bottom room was probley smoked in at some point as the ceiling was yellow, the wall light was hangin off the air con was a stand up fan windows were dirty and the list goes on, the location was poor as had to walk to tube through a estate that looked rather dagerous not happy will be contacting them on monday to see what they say	
Mar 23 2008 	excellent hotel - No complaints	Stopped here for a week in mid Feb 08. Was a little concerned having read the reviews and queried things with the travel agent who assurred me they'ed had no complaints. The room was a little small but hey this is central london but it had everything I wanted. Everything else was nothing less than excellent, staff pleasant and helpful, restaurant top class and bar prices very reasonable. I'd certainly use this hotel again. !0/10 for me.	
Mar 21 2008 	Gloomy room not a 4-star hotel	I stayed here for 3 nights earlier this week on business. I was allocated a single room which was a small, cramped single-bed room. The room was gloomy, facing inwards into a courtyard which housed the noisy aircon units. The bathroom was poorly lit, with two small recessed lights in the ceiling. The ceiling tiles had brown water stains (from the floor above) in 3 different places. The pull switch that changed the water flow from bath to shower had the top missing. The shower head was covered in limescale. The cramped bathroom meant there was very little space to climb into the side of the bath, because of the proximity of the toilet; the only other option was to climb in at the sloping end of the bath. Anyone not fully mobile would have struggled. The toilet did not always flush away fully, so it had to be checked shortly afterwards and flushed again.The lift arrival 'ping' which was 4 rooms away, could easily be heard all the time.The paintwork was tired and chipped throughout the hotel. Breakfast was buffet-style, with a 5 minute wait to be seated. A waiter/waitress eventually asked whether you wanted tea or coffee and toast. The tea was weak and it took until the last morning for the toast to arrive before I had to leave the table - even then it was cold.Check-in/check-out was slick and efficient. The gym/pool area was the hotel's only redeeming feature.The hotel is located in an unsalubrious, poorly lit area and as I was on my own I didn't fancy walking in the area at night. Definitely not worthy of 4 stars - it needs a lot of work!	
Mar 19 2008 	Surprisingly lovely!	Was expecting an average and tatty hotel, from the reviews of others on Trip Advisor. Not sure if it has had a refurb, but it was modern and clean. Staff were friendly, and we got a free upgrade on checking in. The room was fantastic, comfortable and clean.Only criticism was that the Housekeeping staff were a little over-zealous and on one day knocked on our door three times!Definately would stay there again.	
Mar 12 2008 	Second worst hotel experience ever	I stayed at this hotel because it was specified as the top choice for a conference I was attending in London. At half the price, this hotel would still be a complete ripoff. I've stayed at much better places right next to airports; for a hotel in the middle of a city, this one is by far the worst I've seen. My room was shabby and badly maintained, with with chips taken out of the wall and paint, a dusty carpet that looks like it's from 1950, and a complete lack of abiance or charm. In addition, many of the rooms features simply didn't work: nonfunctional iron, in-room safe that wouldn't open, ceiling fan that made a high-pitched squeaking noise, fairly expensive internet service that kept dropping the connection, and an air conditioner that I ran the entire time, which never lowered the temperature. The staff was rude and unapologetic, refusing to help with the situation. If you do stay here -- and only do so if you must -- try to get one of the rooms on the lower floors. When the elevators open on the first, second, or third floors, everything looks much, much nicer than on the floor I stayed on (5th) -- marble and wood floors rather than the carpet on my floor, and a brighter and newer look. Perhaps the hotel was partially redone at some point? Alas, I will never find out; I wouldn't pay any sum of money to stay here again. Zero stars, if I could.	
Mar 6 2008 	Great Hotel	Me and my boyfriend stayed here after getting a last minute &quot;secret hotel&quot; deal and were pleasantly suprised. The hotel is about a 10-15 min walk from Old Street tube station but it's just as easy to use the frequent bus services just around the corner for easy access to the City/Kings Cross etc. The room was large and tastefully decorated with a very comfy double bed. Despite it's central location, it is still easy to get a good night's sleep as noise wasn't an issue. The bathroom was again spacious with an over-bath shower. We were given the option to upgrade to a double-plus room but to be honest the standard double serves its purpose! Would definately recommend.	
Feb 25 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	Upon arrival at the Thistle City Barbican we checked in within 2 minutes and it was extremely easy. The gentleman behind the desk asked if we would like to upgrade to a deluxe room, but we thought this would cost a lot so we said no. He then informed us he would upgrade us anyway so that was great!We arrived at the room and it was absolutely gorgeous. It was stocked with clean, fresh towels and a generous selection of toiletries. The night was very quiet as everybody seemed to settle down by about 10.00pm (surprisingly for a Saturday night) and we got a very good night's sleep. Breakfast in the morning certainly didn't disappoint...full English &amp; continental and we filled up ready for the day ahead. Checkout was again very easy and we were all finished within 2 minutes. This hotel was perfect in my opinion, I would definitely recommend to others!	
Feb 24 2008 	Nice hotel	stayed here for 2 nights while in London to see a show. Pretty good hotel, not much parking space but luckily we managed to get a space! Lovely foyer area, very helpful reception staff/ concierge. Room a little small but clean and tidy, good shower. Room service took a long time but it is a huge hotel so not the end of the world. Great bar, lovely decor, but not really large enoough for the amount of guests in the hotel. Food nice. Nice hotel, nowhere near as bad as many have said, I would stay here again.	
Feb 10 2008	Excellent overnight stay	After reading such terrible reviews of this hotel I feel I must put the record straight. I have just spent one night in this hotel with a group of 47. I had read several reviews before arriving and had serious reservations. The exterior of the hotel is not great but after entering the reception area we were warmly met and check-in was quick and efficient. The rooms are located in two buildings and once I had found my room I was very pleasantly surprised. My room was a single and was small but very well equipped even down to iron and ironing board. The sheets were cotten, the bed comfortable, the towels white and fluffy and everything worked. The restaurant was offering a very good carvery or a la carte and the bar had an excellent extensive bar meals menu. Plenty of staff were on duty in both eating places and again at breakfast the following morning where we enjoyed a full English or continental. No complaints from any of the group and if the location suits, then this is a very good hotel to choose.	
Feb 9 2008 	Hotel clean and staff pleasant and helpful	Stayed here when in london for a weekend break to visit exhibitions. Pleasant stay in this hotel. Our room (1113) was clean and fairly standard size for a hotel room, not cramped. Bar and snacks til late. Variety at breakfast good, buffet style. Short walk to nearest tube station. Had been anxious about staying here having read some previous reviews but needn't have worried, would stay here again.	
Feb 9 2008 	Much better than most reviews would indicate	I just returned from a two night stay for a medical conference near by. The hotel was booked through my company. I was originaly booked for the Holiday Inn at King's Cross, but there was no vacancy. After reading the reviews here I was very nervous and already checked out more expensive locations nearby, with the thought of booking there and paying myself for the difference.But I have to say - this hotel is just fine - I was upgraded to a double with no extra charge, the staff were extremely friendly and helpful, including the desk clerk and bell boy, and helped with all my needs. I booked a ride to Heathrow, which was waiting for me at the exact time.The room itself was the standard you come to expect for such hotels. Breakfast was fine,(especially if you like baked beans) although from 7:55 on there is a 5-10 minute cue to be seated.While not for honeymooners, and not ideal for tourists since it is not close to major attractions, anyone who needs a hotel in this area of London can feel secure about the Barbican.	
Feb 8 2008 	Great location	We have stayed here twice now - once for our friends' engagement party and again for their wedding in Clerkenwell. Brilliant location for us. The hotel is a bit shabby but clean and well kept with an all night bar which also serves bar snacks til late. Lots of hen and stag parties stay here but we weren't bothered by them. We had good rooms - make sure you're in the main hotel and not the annex - although the annex is fine, the main bit is better and more convenient. Great pool and decent buffet breakfast - get down early though or you'll have to wait for a table.Parking limited at the hotel but plenty of road parking - our car has been fine both times.Conveninent for the tube station and walkable to lots of other. Not bad for the price.	
Feb 2 2008 	Terrible rooms Travelodge foyer nice gym	Beware booking via website on cheap deal, you will be offered scummy, terrinle room and then have to pay £20 for an 'upgrade' for something just above health hazard. Truly awful rooms.Location terrible.Foyer about same as motorway service station. Nice gym and spa though they don't have any water taps so you have to buy small bottles for £1 each which is cheap and nasty.Not good.	
Feb 1 2008 	Ok for a business one night stay	I'd never heard of this hotel even though I'd lived in London for a long time and it's probably not surprising as it's tucked away in a residential area just north of Old Street. But that said, it's actually a good location if you need to be in the City for business.I was a bit doubtful given previous reviews, but for a midweek business stay it was fine. Check-in was efficient and I was soon in the room. The rooms are small and definitely could do with redecoration. The walls have heat marks above the lights and are definitely grubby. There's also very little space to spare. For example, you have to move the chairs to open the wardrobe and you have to sit on the end of the bed to use the desk/dressing table - there's no room for a chair.That said the bed was firm and comfortable and the linen clean and fresh. The hotel is close to the trendy Hoxton area with its interesting bars and restaurants - and there's a late opening Somerfield on Old Street if you need any drinks or snacks.Breakfast was a disappointment. The buffet is pretty basic. The cereal selection was fine - but there was a sad looking display of colds meats and cheese. The hot selection was more luke warm - with rubbery scrambled egg and flabby, fatty bacon. There's no real excuse for it. Plenty of hotels manage to ensure breakfast is good - and things are hot! It strikes me that at the Thistle they take the low cost lazy option. Cook all the hot items for the start of breakfast service, pile it up in dishes on the hot buffet and leave it there to fester and congeal. The orange juice tasted weak and watery and may have been made up from a powder. Half a glass was enough. I'd have been annoyed if the breakfast had been chargeable, but included in the room rate I wasn't too fussed.So if you don't fancy breakfast - give it a miss. You are not missing much. Maybe a room service continental breakfast would be a better option.So, the hotel is OK for a short business stay but not really somewhere to enjoy a holiday or break in London.	
Jan 28 2008 	Overpriced and in need of a revamp	Stayed in the Thistle for one night on business. On walking to the hotel from the tube I thought I was walking into an unsavoury area on account of the surrounding buildings and state of repair. The staff were really good on arrival and really helpful.The hotel itself is in need of a revamp and feels a little tired. My room, as with a lot of the hotels in London, was cramped and only just fitted a bed. At £120/night for bed only you get better value in a travel lodge, the breakfast was £17 on top of that!!All rooms were supposed to be non smoking, but my room smelt and felt like the &quot;smoking hut&quot; on an industrial park and I think the furnishings had not been cleaned for ages.The room was noisy and you could hear the &quot;goings on&quot; in other rooms, I was woken in the middle of the night by somebody flushing a toilet…… thought I had a leak!!!!In the morning I was privileged to a cold shower, unfortunately, I had not had the pleasure of a good night on the wine the night before, so it was not appreciated!!On mentioning to the desk on check out that there was no hot water, the good gentlemen gave me a discount, like I said the staff were helpful.I am sorry to say this was not one of the best nights I have had and it makes you embarrassed to be from the UK when you compare our London hotels with most abroad. As with most things here, we seem to get short changed and as a consequence I would not stay here again through choice	
Jan 25 2008 	An expensive dump	A tired, shabby, noisy, depressing hotel which costs a fortune for what you get. Awful, tiny, cramped room, felt like it needed decorating about 20 years ago. Could hear every word said by passers-by in street outside, through single-pane, badly-fitting sliding windows (1970s style). Shower was a plastic, hold-in-your hand affair.Only in London could anyone get away with these standards; this hotel would not survive another month in many other places.I can recommend nothing about this hotel, from the terrible room and tired, grimy bathroom, to the location, to the non-descript restaurant and food.I stayed one night, and booked myself into another hotel for the next as I couldn't face staying a second night. Avoid.	
Jan 23 2008	Hotel OK	Hotel very clean, all staff very friendly and helpful. Able to check in half an hour early. Had asked for a quiet room (hotel had all details of this as discussed with central reservations), was offered this in an non-deluxe room or an upgrade to a deluxe room. Took the deluxe room upgrade which was on the second floor overlooking a side street but fine. Room very clean. Was in need of a bit of tlc but nothing major. Chamber maid and maintenance man very helpful in assisting us on finding our room. Major corridors did smell a bit of food where we were but nothing major. All downstairs areas very nice and spotlessly clean. Food very nice, breakfast was busy but fine, lovely big buffet to choose from. Overall, I would recommend this hotel for a couple of nights stay. Bit difficult to find location wise but once you got your bearings it was fine. Suggest using Barbican tube. Walked back to the hotel after 10pm at night and felt perfectly safe, streets well lit and usually plenty of people around.	
Jan 21 2008 	Absolutely Awful!	The staff were really friendly but the room was horrendous. It looked as though it hadn't changed for the last 30 years. It was very cramped, the bed probably hadn't changed either judging by how uncomfortable it was. It was also very noisy. I ordered an ironing board in the morning that was burnt! Staff were good and breakfast ok but really not worth the room. Will never stay again!	
Jan 19 2008 	Great weekend break!	I booked to stay at the Barbican with 3 friends as part of a theatre weekend.I will admit that the lobby does give a slightly false impression on what you should expect from your room, but nowhere near as bad as some reviewers are claiming.We booked 2 twin rooms, which were small but clean and functional, all bed linen was clean and towels were changed during our 2-night stay, also tea and coffee etc were replenished.I really enjoyed the Continental breakfast, there was a lovely choice, for every taste, wasn't keen on the cold croissants, but everything else was delicious.The two things that really took my overall rating down were the 3-course &quot;Carvery&quot; Dinner that we booked, this was no roast dinner, just a mish-mash of different foods, not really suited together, and the fact that months in advance, we notified the hotel that one of our party has a nut allergy, which was not adequately dealt with at dinner time.None of the food could be guaranteed as nut-free, and when we tried to raise this matter with staff, although they were very friendly and attempted to be helpful, the language barrier proved to be too difficult to cross, but eventually, they agreed to cook her an omelette, but couldn't serve it with fries as they couldn't guarantee that the oil used was nut-free!!!Bit of a palaver for dinner but not the tragedy that some were making it out to be, overall a pleasant stay.All I can say is those of you complaining about the state of your rooms, get out more!!!! You're in London!!!!!	
Jan 18 2008 	passable but there are better options around	Having booked this hotel based upon the website I was somewhat disappointed.The hotel cannot be faulted upon its cleanliness, the rooms are standard hotel fare for a London hotel, although one has to say that the bathroom was appallingly small and trying to fit even my 5' 6&quot; medium frame into a 4' long bath proved an interesting experience. Do not expect to enjoy a long soak at the end of a hard day.The leisure facilities appeared small but adequate, however I was suprised to note that there is a £5 charge for using the pool. Given that this is pretty much the highlight of the hotel website and no doubt attracts customers to this establishment I find it appalling that the cost of this honeytrap is not advertised.Do not eat in the hotel Bar. The food is overpriced and appalling. £12.50 for a small burger and chips is somewhat overpriced and I could only smile with wry amusement at the 12.5 percent obligatory service charge just under a space for an optional gratuity. Having tasted the food I felt that I should be on the receiving end of the gratuity!The area is far from salubrious. I would recommend leaving the hotel at night only if you are a fit individual and wearing a decent set of running kit, from my observation of the area a fleet getaway may be needed. All the shops have pull down metal shutters which speaks volumes for the area.Breakfast was pretty appalling, in particular given the £17.50 charge (don't ask for breakfast or any meal in your room as they put a £5.00 tray charge on your bill, on top of the 12.5% service charge - in essence you would end up paying £25.00 per person for 2 sausages, a piece of bacon and a few sundries!!!), the orange juice was cordial based, and from the expression on the waitresses face when I asked her to get me a coffee you would assume that I had requested that she clean out the local latrines, I returned to my room much chagrined at having asked her to carry out basic waitressing functions :-)This was a passable hotel, which did not warrant its 4* status. There are far better hotels, at a similar price, in better areas of town if you need somewhere to stay. My hotel experience was nothing better than adequate. If you are after a souless, overpriced hotel in a seedy part of town opt for this, otherwise head for the Tottenham Court Area where there are a plethora of hotels far closer to the delights that London has to offer	
Jan 13 2008 	Let down by the Catering	Stayed here on an Exhibition weekend break with my wife and two sons of 10 and 12. We drove up from Devon to visit the Terracotta Warrior Exhibition at the British Museum on the Saturday afternoon and the Tutankhamun Exhibition at the O2 on Sunday Morning. Parked very easily outside the hotel and left our luggage with the Concierge and went to the bar for a &quot;quick &quot;lunch. We waited and waited - eventually being told that there had been a flood in the kitchen and our food would be &quot;here in ten minutes&quot;. After fifteen minutes we were begining to panic as we still had to get to the British Museum and had timed entry tickets. After asking to see the General Manager our food appeared, we were not charged for it or our drinks and the hotel provided us a taxi to get to the museum in time.We returned from the museum and checked in.We had booked a double and a twin room asking for ajoining rooms. In order to get this we (wife &amp; I) were upgraded to a suite. The suite was very nice with loads of room. A lovely sitting room with huge tele, mini bar if we had wanted and tea &amp; coffeee facilities. Big double bed in the bedroom with plenty of cupboard and drawer space. The ensuite Bathroom had shower and Jacuzzi bath a good grade of toiletries and bath robes, slippers, etc.Our boys' twin room was perfectly adequate with enough space, though two or three nights would be the maximum I would wish in that size of room. The Leisure club was well run and very pleasent with a good size pool , whirlpool spa, steam rooms and saunas. The showers were good and again with good toiletries, towels etc..Dinner in the Restaurant on the Saturday night was Perfectly pleasant with a very helpful waiter, but I was not informed that my choice was &quot;off the menu&quot; until the others received their food. When I did get my alternative it was very nice. Breakfast was a very standard Buffet affair but they had not allowed for people all arriving in a big hit just before going out for the day leading to big queues (especially on the sunday morning). What food we had was perfectly good . It was let down by poor organisation in the kitchen and under staffing in the restaurant in the mornings.The hotel is a bout a ten minute walk to either Old Street or Barbicantube station. There are no alternative restaurants in the immediate locale so you either eat in the hotel or eat out in the centre of town. The area is a bit run down and walking late at night in the darkis not for the nervous - get a taxi. All in all this hotel was adequate for our needs and we had a pleasantstay. If we had not been upgraded It would have been a very poor visit. I would not stay here again, purely through location and because of the catering management. Value for money? Yes it was - you pay for what you get!	
Jan 13 2008 	theatre break deal	My Mum and Sisters stayed at the Barbican thistle hotel as a theatre break deal, so the price was reasonable including tickets to see &quot;Dirty Dancing&quot;.We arrived to check in early, but that wasn't any problem, the receptionist was only too kind to check us into our rooms early,so that we could go off to our show without taking our luggage with us.The hotel is in need of urgent re-decoration, it is clean enough, and quite comfortable, with most of the essentials you need, but I wouldn't myself fancy staying anymore than a one night stop over in it's current condition.Continental breakfast was included in the price we paid also,which was just ok.Couldn't say a bad word about the staff, they seemed efficient and friendly.The hotel isn't set in the best location, but then I suppose it isn't that far from the tube stations, about a 10 minute walk.	
Jan 4 2008 	Great holiday	I don't know why all those bad reviews about this hotel. The room was very good. the bar and the brasserie looked very modern. And the staff was friendly. Room was always cleaned up when we came back. Even the breakfast was great. Ideler - Verfaillie, Belgium	
Jan 2 2008 	Won't be going back in a hurry	A pretty un-remarkable hotel in a non-discript part of London. It's not too far away from old street tube station to be fair (about 5/10 min walk) but there's not much to do round there so its a pretty good job! I stayed here for a week on business in November. The room was functional and quite reasonable in size for London. The bathroom &amp; shower worked fine, although they obviously hadn't been updated for quite a while. As other people have mentioned, the corridors stank of cooking smells most of the time, and I had a fire door next to my room that sounded like a bomb going off everytime it slammed shut!The staff were very variable, one was really helpful when my keycard stopped working, another one was hopeless when they messed up my bill when I checked out by charged the wrong credit card. Trying to get them rectify this was a nightmare, as it can only be done by the accounts department who can't be dailled direct and never seem to be available. Once they had my money, customer care pretty much went out the window on that score.I was definately put off staying here again after the hassles I had.	
Dec 31 2007 	I got an upgrade and it was still not very good	The Hotel is quite difficult to find. It is a good 10 minute walk from the nearest tube at Old Street and is basically in a back street in a non to pleasant area of London. Check-in was quite and pleasant and I was told my room had been upgraded free of charge so I was really pleased and looking forward to an enjoyable stay.However the upgraded room was still below my expectation of what you should get when paying mor than £100 a night. It was old and things were worn and broken. The furniture was chiped and scratched, the bathroom was basic and nothing more. The room was not large, there was just enough room to move around the double bed and that was it. Room service was average and I did not have breakfast in the hotel as this was not included in my room.I would not stay here again unless I had no choice and I am sure I can find better Hotels in London for the same price as the Thistle Barbican is charging.	
Dec 12 2007 	A lot of money for a poor quality room	I stayed here in November 2007. They call it the ‘City Barbican’ but it is a good 15-20 minute walk from the Barbican complex itself. The check in area was clean and modern and very efficient. However the room was terrible. It was small and cramped. The décor and the room’s fixtures and fittings looked like they had not changed since the 1970s. Paint was peeling in places, the safe was not fixed into the floor and the fan looked like it had been bashed. The room was in the building opposite reception. Breakfast was a bit chaotic as there were long queues to get a table. The cooked breakfast was lukewarm. The cost of the room and breakfast came to £182! A lot of money for a shabby room.	
Dec 11 2007 	okay but some problems	London: Thristle City BarbicanDate : December 2007Reviewer A TripAdvisor member Athens Greecei stayed at this hotel for one week in december 2007 .I met some problems during my stayng.The key to the door did not operate all the times .So every time i had to go to the reception in order to fix the problem with the key.The delux room i was given was small with a view at the rear of the hotel.The average price per night was high for that room .When i entered the room for the first time it was very cold and noone told me at the reception what to do in order to put on the heat.I had to guess .The aircondioning in the room did not operate.Only by chance i turned the knobs of the central heating and the room warmed up. The flash in the bathroom did not oparate properly.However the biggest problem of this hotel is its location.Although it is located in a quiet area however It is far from everywhere.One has to take at least two trains and one bus to arrive from i.e soho to the hotel.There is a shuttle bus from the hotel to the nearest tube stations at specified times.but when one gets out of the tube station either has to walk 15-20 minutes to the hotel or to wait the bus outside the tube station and then walk 5 minutes to the hotel.There are not much choices at breakfast. for a 4 stars hotel .I had dinner at the hotel twice .I had the impression that the food i ate was not prepared the same day.The stuff of the hotel was very kind and Friendly and they listen very carfully to the complaints of the guests and they did their best to solve the problems	
Dec 11 2007 	Reviews are not doing this hotel justice	I arranged my stay with this hotel on behalf of friends. After I had booked I checked the reviews and thought 'Oh my god what have I done here' However, on arriving at the hotel the staff were friendly and check in was quick. We went straight to the bar and were served immediately, the bar area was comfortable and we were not hurried , could have stayed there all night if we wanted too!! Our room number 1405 was large, very clean and modern with new furniture, fixtures and fittings. The shower was a power shower with massager and above all it was all so clean. The bed was huge and comfortable. I was so relieved and feel that some of the comments made were before the hotel was refurbished and now appear very unfair. I have stayed in many hotels around the world and believe me this one does not deserve the feedback it has been given. Please do not be put off by the very old reviews you see here.	
Dec 5 2007	Bad hotel	As others have said, this is in a bad location for central London - it's a 15 minute walk from the nearest tube, Barbican.My room was small and cramped. The TV was a tiny CRT model. The bathroom was fairly crap too - all old, and with the shower not working properly.The Thistle's not bad, but you can do much better in London	
Dec 4 2007 	try it yourself !!!!	Very nearlycancelled my trip after reading bad reports!It was such a pleasant surpriseworst thing was arriving in the rain then walking to hotel,bit further than i thought from tube.concierge was great check in was all well staffed,room was little dark clean very inviting tho.bathroom was spotless,shampoo,conditioner,gel and even moisturiser awaiting.went straight to pool area lovely after travelling half aday.then had lovely roast beef in hotel and tha best soup i ever had in my life spinach and green pea.next bay brekkie again very nice huge selection and all tastey (im fussiest person in th world with food).concierge arranged cabs for me told me where to go and where not to.even 12pm arrived back starving very quickly sandwiches arived in the room via concierge(now tis is my only complaint 6.50 for sand wich bread was little stale and no spread on bread)	
Nov 27 2007 	Good location	Stayed one night here to attend a course in the City. Not that close to a tube but actually (weather permitting) a nice walk from The City up to the hotel via Chiswell St, past the Barbican centre and through a reasonable residential area. The hotel do operate some mini buses to and from the station. Reception area nice and check in staff friendly and helpful. I stayed here once before and got upgraded to a suite but sadly not this time! Room was on the 3rd floor and supposed to be a double de-luxe. Well it was very small and whilst decor was nice albeit dated in style, it was a bit tired and several of the light fittings were loose. No flat screen TVs here!Did have a quick visit to the health club where a small swmming pool accompanies a steam/sauna and gym. All nice quality and good news for such a central location. Breakfast next morning the usual buffet	
Nov 26 2007	Clean and comfortable Hotel	I stayed at the Thistle Barbian when attending a function in the area. I booked the night before by contacting the hotel directly. I stayed one night in a standard single room at a rate of £79 on a Friday evening. The hotel is conveniently located about 7 minutes walk from Old Street tube station. I know the area well since I work close bye. Although relatively safe, the hotel itself is in a slightly run down road. However, even walking around at night I felt quite safe. I was given a very pleasant greeting at reception. The desk assistant tried to made lots of small talk and was very friendly. The lobby area is inviting and actually unexpectedly smart.I arrived two hours before the 2pm check in time, but they allowed me access by room early.The room was pleasantly clean and comfortable. Whilst floor space was limited, the room size was adequate. There was a decent wardrobe and set of drawers to hang a suite and unpack. Also provided was fold away iron and board.Although The room was warm you could open the window or use the large desk fan. The bathroom was clean with a stand in bath/shower. Towels soap and shampoo provided. A kettle with tea bags, coffee and biscuits was provided.The dining area was quite pleasant, and the full english / continental breakfast was plentiful. My only complaints were stained towels and shower curtains which I found slightly uncomfotable. The towels were also a tad moth eaten. I would recommend for 1 or 2 night's stay, particularly for business. Don't come here expecting frills or a taste of old london. This is a bug free safe clean option for a couple of nights.	
Nov 26 2007 	Would not stop here again	Having stayed at other Thistles, I expected this hotel to be of the same standard. Checking in was all fine, but upon entering the room, we were severley disapointed! The room was in the old side of the building and was tiny, and looked like something you would expect from a budget hotel. The TV was on the floor, the decor was old, peeling and generally the whole room was just a mess. Upon asking if we could swap rooms, we were told the only way we could is if we were to pay £20, which was worth it to move from that room!We ended up over in the new side, and the room was much nicer, and more what you would expect. However, breakfast in the morning was like nothing I'd seen before! It was chaos - there was hardly any warm food out, people who had continental vouchers were helping themselves to cooked breakfasts as there was no-one checking these, in fact, someone could have just walked in off the street and helped themselves to anything! The food was cold, there were no staff around to ask for help, not enough tables, the toasters had broken. All in all, we waited about half an hour to get a cold breakfast.Also, service at the reception bar both days we were there was terrible! All in all, I would not stay here again, I have stayed in much nicer and better staffed hotels in London, for a cheaper price!	
Nov 25 2007 	dull and uninspiring	My second time here, each time only there because my usual hotel was full. Not a favourite - room was very small last time but ok for size this time. But the biggest problem is that the hotel is not in the City, is not at the Barbican, and is not near many good restaurants or sights, or cinemas. Breakfast OK, check in busy but not too slow.	
Nov 24 2007 	The archetypal bad London Hotel	Where to start ! The slowest check-in and check-out I've come across in a while; tiny claustrophobic room - though I'm a small man, I couldn't fit in the bath; lighting so bad in the bathroom that shaving was hit and miss; decor so run down that the window frame was down to the bare wood; excessive heating but no ability to control it &amp; window wouldn't open; squeaky door that must have woken the whole floor when I got back late; no eggs at breakfast, because cooking staff &quot;too busy&quot;; stone cold cooked breakfast (at 6.45am !); disgusting mug of coffee that tasted of hot water (at a time when London is awash with quality coffee shops). And all for 93GBP. What a bargain.	
Nov 19 2007 	Pleasant surprise	I was upgraded and paid 210 pounds for two nights for a &quot;deluxe&quot; room. For that price the room was very nice. Clean, nicely furnished although a bit small. Good water pressure in the shower, which is not always the case in London. Impeccable service by the staff. There is a nice fish restaurant called &quot;Fish Central&quot; just around the corner. Its not too expensive and the quality was very good.Negatives: Its a bit far from any tube station. Had to pay 10 pounds extra (per 24h) for wireless internet that only worked in one corner of the room. I am scared to think how small the normal rooms are.	
Nov 19 2007	Worst Hotel Experience	I was forced to stay in this hotel through my study abroad program, and it was by far the worst hotel I have ever encountered. No redeeming qualities: awful location, cramped and dirty rooms, and completely useless staff. The shower was not working, the lifts were broken and I was on the sixth floor, and the concierge knew absolutely nothing about London other than how to get to the nearest tube station, which anyone could figure out themselves. If you're like me and have to stay at this place due to a package/program, I feel your pain, but if you have any choice, DO NOT STAY HERE.	
Nov 4 2007 	Would definately go back!!!!	I have recently stayed at the thistle city barbican as part of a theatre package, and I was very impressed!Check in was very speedy (just what I needed after a long day travelling) and the rooms were very nice indeed. But if you're a family of 4 or more, I recomend booking 2 twin rooms or superior rooms, as there just isn't enough room for 4 people in one room.The breakfasts were very nice, offered a good selection of continental and cooked, and the restaurant provided a carvery style meal in the evenings, however, this was a bit expensive.The hotel itself is in a very convenient location, about a half mile away from an underground station. Also, there is a very nice swimming pool, gym, jacuzzi and sauna.Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at this hotel and I would definately consider staying here again!	
Oct 28 2007 	A perfectly fine experience	Spent a couple of nights here on business. Our group had very different rooms, but no-one complained too much. Clean and comfortable. Not particularly spacious, but I've certainly been in much worse hotels. One colleague had a grim room but changed it after complaining and was much happier. Breakfasts were largely self service, but catered for all tastes from full English to fresh fruit, croissants, pastries, yoghurts and cereals. Didn't get to use the gym/sauna facilities. Biggest beef was that the air conditioning didn't seem to work - something which all my colleagues complained about - but as there were enormous fans in every room, we were able to keep the temperature down a little. All the staff were very attentive and eager to please.	
Oct 22 2007 	bad hotel	this is the worst hotel any one can stay at. but i would say the staff were good but they were over exhausted and underpaid. i asked one of the staff about this and he told me that the upper management were worst to work with.operational manager was so bad that he wanted to leaave the hotewl as soon as possible.it ws completely bad hotel in all.	
Oct 13 2007	The Worst Example of a London Hotel	We paid £72 through Last Minute secret hotels to stay here - it wasn't value for money. Rooms are dirty and furnishings are tired - the air-conditioning unit was prehistoric. The smell of the food coming up the stairwell from the kitchen reminded me of an old-folks home.	
Oct 10 2007	Does the job but that's about it	I had stayed twice before at this hotel and had always been pleased with my stay. I hadn't stayed there for about 2 years and it has got really shabby in that time.The first room I was shown to, was small and stank of stale smoke, despite being a non smoking room. I called reception and asked to change rooms which was fine. I had to go down to reception for a new key. The new room was equally small and quite dark but was adequate if rather shabby. The ironing board was broken. I asked for a new one which took 3 phone calls and almost 2 hours to arrive! The hair dryer in the bathroom was about as much use as using nothing!However, the room was quiet and my room service meal was ok but VERY expensive - £24 for fish &amp; chips and 1 glass of wine!!My room was quiet and the speedy check out service valuable.Breakfast was very good and a good selection. The hotel swimming pool and sauna and gym are also very good.All in all, ok for a one night busines trip and a cheap rate for central london.	
Oct 8 2007	great weekend	We have just spent a weekend at this hotel. I was a bit worried as some of the reviews were not complimentary. When we arrived we were offered an upgrade on our room which we accepted. The room was very clean and comfortable. The staff were mostly foreign and extremely helpful. The leisure area was great and we enjoyed our swim in the lovely pool.Our breakfast each morning was good and plenty of staff there to help. Overall the hotel was great. We would certainly go back.	
Oct 7 2007 	Okay for a business trip	Stayed only for one night as part of a business trip. The hotel had very small and not very pleasant single rooms. The area is a little derelict and does not offer much choice for dinner etc. The best thing about the hotel was the breakfast buffet which offered a lot of choice.	
Sep 27 2007 	great hotel	We stayed at this hotel last week and after reading the reviews we tryed to cancel. However we didnt. We were so glad we didnt. The room was clean and the bathroom was New. The hotel was excellent. The health centre was perfect the pool the sauna , the steam room the showers and the clean towels were great for a relaxing weekend. Infact i am going back this weekend.	
Sep 18 2007 	A total rip-off	The wallpaper came off the wall. The sink was leaking. The garbage of the guy who had the room before me was still in the paper basket (his name was Eckert as I could read on the papers). One of the light bulbs in the reading lamps didn't work.And the room rate was 239 GBP for the first two nights and 165 for the last. A total rip-off.I arrived late the first night and then I was too tired to ask for another room or to change hotels. When I complained they deduced 40 GBP from my bill but I think I could have foound something nicer and much cheaper near Paddington.	
Sep 12 2007 	Avoid it like the plague	Probably the worst hotel I have ever encountered. The rooms are awful: small, dirty, horrible bathrooms, peeling paint, smelly drains, TV didn't work, no aircon, minibar not stocked., dirty linen.Communal areas are dirty and shabby with peeling paint and filthy carpets.Food was inedible. Truly awful. I ended up going to a takeaway instead.God knows why anyone would stay here. It is not fit for livestock.Avoid this place like the plague.	
Sep 4 2007	great Value for money Staff absolutely fantastic and helpful	We’ve stayed at this hotel over the weekend, there was a slight delay with check in, I believe it was a system failure, room was spacious and clean we asked for extra towels which they were brought within 2-4 minutes even that we had them on wardrobe but we did not see them in first place, shower was bit confusing to operate once you know how it works you will be fine. Food in Restaurant (Carvery) was very presentable great value for money even that there was promotion 25% off, staff very helpful and constantly with smile on the face. Restaurant Manager I believe was Arjent was very friendly and explained to us the extra facilities in hotel and explained other activities and interesting places around the city. Concierge staff were very organized with taxis even there was plenty of people going out. Definitely will go back to this hotes.	
Aug 2 2007 	Alright on the surface but......	On arrival the hotel looked very nice, the reception area, bar etc. Slight delay in checking in but was given a complimentary upgrade (from a standard double to a deluxe double) so so far, so good.The journey to the room made a good impression, nice lift, hallways and once in the room i wasn't disappointed. Although it was a little small this is London after all.We had specifically asked for a quiet room (as my girlfriend had had an operation at the nearby Moorfields Eye Hospital) but there was constant banging and drilling going on somewhere in the hotel for the whole afternoon. This was only able to be drowned out by putting on the world's noisiest air conditioning unit. It was simpy impossible to sleep with this unit on and this created problems on the night as the room became quite hot indeed.We did eat in the hotel on the night, taking advantage of their carvery buffet. The food was pleasant however strangley there was no gravy for the carvery?Overall the hotel was ok, but we were unfortunately unable to have the peaceful and restful stay that we were hoping for. Although it must be said the hotel is very convenient for anyone visiting Moorfields Hospital as this is only a short walk away.If visiting the area again i think i would look into an alternative place to stay.	
Jul 26 2007 	Awful Hotel	Arrived at the hotel with high expectations (4 Stars in London). The reception/foyer gave a good impression of the hotel. Then you get given your room. The standard single rooms are small and come without airconditioning. After complaining to the reception staff (most of whom do not speak english) I was eventually upgraded to a deluxe twin with air con and room to move around.The restaurant facilities are also poor. Breakfast was included with the booking and I was given 5 coupons to use each morning. Due to the lack of communication between hotel staff you can que for 10-15mins while waiting to be seated with your coupon in your hand. (like being back at school and queing for lunch).The only plus side to the hotel is the leisure facilities. The Swimming Pool, Jacuzzi, Sauna and Steam Room are all good and there is a gym which is a little on the small side and could use better ventilation.My general impression of the hotel was poor. The staff are helpful when and if they understand you. If you're looking for accommodation in london go elsewhere. You'll get better facilities, service and value for money from Travel Inn.	
Jul 23 2007 	Does what it says on the tin......	Booked a two night weekend break at this hotel on Lastminute and paid £70 a night for a twin rom. Yes the hotel is tatty and some of the staff would benefit from customer training (especially the spa team - who were shockingly rude). BUT it was generally clean (barring some small stains on the sheets) and we were happy enough. If you want somewhere cheap, reasonably close to central London and don't expect too much then it will deliver. One of the reasons we chose this hotel was the pool - if this is important to you then I would advise going elsewhere. The water was too cold to swim in for longer than 10 minutes and the spa staff were beyond surly. It's a shame as the facility itself was nice.	
Jul 22 2007 	Would not go back	I booked this hotel as a top secret hotel through a website. I was happy to find out that it was a Thisle as they have a good reputation. However when I arrived I was not overly impressed.To start with the reception staff were very slow at checking us in. We had booked a double room and they tried to put us in a twin room, but the receptionist said she would upgrade us to a delux double; great we thought until we saw the size of the room. It was clean with a good size bathroom (with a good working shower) and the eminities all set for a working stay, but the rest of the room was very small in comparison to some Travelodges and small B&amp;Bs we've stayed in. The air conditioning was a little hard to program at first and was a little noisy (but an essential as the room got so hot). The pool area is lovely. The staff down there, the steam room, sauna, spa pool and main pool are really clean and quiet at the time we went down. No faults there at all.We ordered room serive for the first time ever as it was a special weekend. It took 3 attempts to get the correct cutlery up to us, 2 forks, 2 knives and 2 spoons. Not hard you would think. We did consider adding breakfast to our bill until we found out it was £17.50 each for a buffet! On the whole, the room was clean, the pool was lovely but the hotel is a little out of the way and with the nearest tube a good 15 mins walk away and the staff were not as helpful as you would think. I won't go back there.	
Jul 20 2007 	Lack of care	This hotel is quite neglected. The windows need to be cleaned on the outside and things remain in a state of disrepair.The kettle was hidden away and when I took it out it didn't work but they brought me up another one. The staff were fine but this hotel is obviously badly managed. It was definately clean though.	
Jul 18 2007 	Don't book this shabby hotel in a million years!!!	Dreadful.I strongly advise anyone who is contemplating staying here to reconsider. I booked a two night stay as part of a theatre break package with superbreaks &amp; I'm currently going through a dispute withthem because it was bloody awful.The minute we arrived things started to go wrong. The staff in the hotel are primarily foreign (which I have nothing against, but it would be nice if they understand more than two words of English!) were rude and ignorant. We arrived on my fiance's birthday and found ourselves waiting in the entrance for an hour and a half with other unsatisfied guests just to check in. We were told ‘the systems had crashed’. When we finally received 'our' key we opened the door to find a man stood there in his boxer shorts, ironing his shirt!The situation was extremely embarrassing and we went downstairs to get another key and the staff just brushed it off as nothing. When wewent to our new room we had trouble with the locks, it would take at least eight attempts for the card to register, our iron was broke, the bathroom was filthy- there was filthy grime embedded in between the tiles, the shower did not work and a pathetic dribble of water came out of the tap. We had to clean our teeth out of the bath tap and take a shower downstairs in the gym changing rooms. It was a COMPLETE JOKE. Despiteour complaints about the room nothing was done and we were even promised a luxury room after our original encounter with the unfortunate man in his underwear.The hotel refurbishment looks straight out of the eighties, it is such a dive, please don't be fooled be the glossy photos like us. Yesthe hotel has a gym and pool and that is actually quite nice, but thefacilities and filthy standards certainly disqualify this. The showers all need ripping out and replacing- they look straight out ofHitchcock's 'Psycho' - no kidding !Morning breakfast was poor too, can you believe that some hotels actually still water down the pure orange juice? (how trampy can you get!) Or every other juice they had for that matter. The English breakfast was lukewarm, with rubbery bacon and the ‘fresh’ croissantsthey had just put out were stale, mmm really appetising.Location of hotel is extremely poor indeed, smack bang in the middle of a deprived council estate of high rise flats- funny how they nevermention this on the website!! The nearest train station is Old Street, which 15 mins away, not good though as you have to change trains and walking to and from the station really does swallow up your time (plus we could do without the worry of getting mugged!)Needless to stay we will not be staying at this hotel again and I strongly advise you stay to reconsider your stay. I just hope my review helps someone make an informed decision, which I would have done. If I had known about this site before I had blown £££s for our holiday I would not have booked this shabby hotel in a million years.	
Jul 16 2007	Great hotel would stay again!	I've just returned from a weekend break in London and feel that I have to set the record straight about this hotel. I didn't pick the hotel myself as it was part of a prize but I have to say that next time I go to London I will consider staying here again!After reading the reviews before I went I was not looking forward to my stay at all. However, the rooms were clean and the perfect size for a weekend break. The hotel was quiet and security passes to get through the main doors at night were a great idea. You have to pay extra for the full English breakfast, but I can't find fault with the food in any way, plenty of choice and not too greasy.I found the Gym well equipped and the pool/sauna area was clean and relaxing. My friend and I also booked a Swedish massage whilst we were there which was amazing!!! It was great value and was perfect after a day in the gym and pool. The hotel was situated close to the underground and we had no trouble getting to the attractions we'd booked. Eating out in London does require a bit of a walk as nothing is on the doorstep but the choice is worth it. As for the location, it's like any other inner city area and I saw no problems whilst I was there. I would recommend getting a taxi back to the hotel at night, but I would do that wherever I was staying.	
Jul 10 2007 	Nice Hotel. Do not listen to reviews.	Okay the hotel is not in the best area, its in the middleof Islington. But thats the only thing wrong with this hotel.The area is perfectly fine during the day. I wouldrecomend a taxi at night. £10 from west end to hotel. Whichis very reasonable for London prices.Breakfast is buffet style with a lot of choice. And makesure you make use of the free facilities like the sauna, steam room and swimming pool. We also had a massagewhich was amazing. So for a good value, cental Londonhotel I would reccomend staying here,	
Jul 5 2007	Absolutly Rubbish	Total dump, nothing in the hotel works. What an absolute hole!	
Jun 28 2007 	Lovely hotel not bad location friendly!	Some of the reviews on here are mad, everyone is entilted to an opinion, but shouldn't tell people what to do!!! I have stayed at this hotel a few times during the past year and not had a problem. The staff are always friendly &amp; helpful towards the guest. Some of the rooms are small (which is difficult to cope with when the weather is so hot) but it is also worth upgrading for that extra £10.00 these rooms are very spacious, and are located in the overall building. They have leisure facilities which is hard to find in London, swimming pool, sauna, steam room, gym. These are good to use first thing in the morning as it is quiet. Overall not a bad hotel, i have stayed in worse, i would rate it 3/5. As it is actually a 3*** (AA rating) not 4, as other comments suggest.	
Jun 12 2007 	Ok for one night	10 of us stayed at this hotel the weekend of the 9th-10th June on my nieces hen weekend. We got it with a package specifically for hen weekends and paid a fairly cheap price. I had read the reviews before we went and was expecting a horror story. To be honest its no palace but it is ok for 1 or 2 nights. The room we had (2229) was small but it was clean, the beds were clean, and the bathroom clean, although the tiles were a little mouldy in the corners. Toiletries were supplied and we had towels. The front desk werent very helpful, the girl that we spoke to was from poland and we had to repeat ourselves a few times. When we did get our room card it wouldnt work and had to go back and get it changed. When we arrived back from our night out it didnt work again and had to get it changed again which was quite annoying. I would consider staying here again but only for a cheap price.	
Jun 7 2007	Cesse Pit	I stayed here last novemeber, whilst on a training course with work.From the moment I checked in I was shocked by the disticnt lasck of customer service and focus. The room looked like something out of a Frank Spencer sketch, the room smelt damp, it was cold EVEN with the heater on, which made the room smell even worse ! The TV signal was shoddy to say the least. The bathroom was ....well old, not to a high clean standard. I even bought bottled water to brush my teeth with as the taps were filthy underneath !I was unfortunate to stay in the older part but even so, the ammount of money to stay there was extortonate to say the least. I would rather stay in a travel lodge next time. £60 tops for a clean nice room. You know what your getting. These were the worst 3 nights I have ever spent at a hotel, I couldn't wait to check out ! Even the staff didn't thank me for my stay, and were rude when giving me my recipt for my expenses.Avoid at all costs !	
Jun 6 2007	A pleasant surprise!	After reading through the other reviews for this hotel, I seriously considered cancelling our stay. I'm so glad I didn't! The rooms were large, clean and nicely decorated. The breakfast was lovely. One member of the reception team was particularly nice and helpful (despite her abrupt and snappy supervisor). Not sure of her name but she was a pretty young blonde girl. It took us about 10 mins to get the bus from the bottom of the road to Leicester Square. I'd definately stay here again.	
Jun 5 2007 	Complete dump	I was put in this hotel by the bank I'm working for. No way on earth is this a four star hotel. After speaking to colleagues, some of the rooms have been decorated, so some people might be lucky and get a newly decorated room. I wasn't lucky. The furniture was easily 25 years old. The windows were noisy (I was two floors up and I could hear people coughing in the street below). I didn't need curtains as the windows were so dirty they were blacked out. The bathroom was old, tile grout was orange where it hadn't been cleaned. I put the soap into the soap holder on the wall, which then fell off the wall. AVOID THIS PLACE. The staff were friendly and helpful, but that's it.	
May 7 2007 	Did I stay at the same hotel?	There are so many bad reports on here that I am astounded the hotel I stayed in is the same one!I got the room for a bargain rate (room only so I can't comment on food) but have paid double for far worse. I wouldn't even discribe it as cheap &amp; cheerful- It stood up on its own without the cheap price tag.I was, I believe, in the 'newer' part (It is hard to differentiate between 70's &amp; 80's Hotel architecture!) &amp; this may make a difference. It was clean, well decorated, quiet &amp; was cleaned well.The staff were courteous (but just short of friendly) and I encountered no problems at all. The room wasn't massive but still managed to swing from the light fittings.....lolThe Leisure pool/Gym &amp; sauna/Jacuzzi was a nice facility- small but newly done &amp; very clean &amp; pleasant..I didn't find the area remotely threatening or rough (but then I don't live in a converted barn in the Cotswolds......), The tube station wasn't far at all (and this was taking into account Old Street being closed- I had to walk to further away Moor Street). But then I like some fresh air (well as fresh as possible in London!)I use trip advisor as I like to (and have to) spend wisely &amp; value it as a resource. I couldn't afford the Ritz so there was always going to be a compromise on either service,style,room size,location, food etc. I have therefore given it 4 stars as it did everything I needed it/expected it to (No doubt the Ritz would have scored lower using the dame criteria.....)	
May 2 2007 	Avoid - despite the fish!	This is a run down hotel that is best avoided. The rooms are small and badly designed with poor furniture, lumpy matresses and tired decorations. The facilities you would normally expect are often missing, e.g. no tissues. It is comparatively expensive.It is not even near the Barbican! A good 10 minute stroll to the Barbican Centre - OK on a nice day but probably a taxi at other times.It is difficult to find positives - half the staff were friendly &amp; efficient. The cooked breakfast would have been good if it had been hot but it was only warm.The only saving grace is the fish restaurant across the road - Fish Central. This is a chip shop that has expanded on the back of success, - formica tables but a range of fish dishes (not just fried) and specials served by friendly and knowledgeable staff. Its a gem!	
Apr 29 2007 	The Pits	I thought the Bloomsbury Thistle was the pits of London hotels till last week when I stayed here. Wallpaper was falling off the walls of the room. I was put in a smoker despite booking a non smoker and couldn't change room. The shower didn't function breakfast was also poor coffee was like treacle buffet was poor luke warm cardboard bacon and crusty scrambled eggs. Staff looked generally unhappy and on checkout nobody bothered to ask how my stay had been. Poor response to complaints about the room and clearly used to it. Poor value for money poor service poor accommodation. Check out the photos.	
Apr 29 2007 	awful	upon check in we were treated like 2nd class citizens, we heard music until 2.30 in the morning ON THE 3RD FLOOR. the full english breakfast was nice but the continental was awful. overall i did not enjoy my stay.	
Apr 20 2007 	Terrible terrible....just terrible	Went to hotel to obtain a directory of hotels (certainly not for Barbican...have learnt my lesson before there) and I wanted to make these comments as people often over shadow them,There was a que and yes the receptionist's were all foreign however, But they were doing the best they could. The guys behind me stay every week and actualy have a wager on who gets checked in first and the time, the fastest was 9 minutes and the longest 45 minutes! Then the person behind me made these very valid pointsThe staff get thrown on the desk with little to no trainingThey gey paid minimum wage to do a hard jobThey all looked exhaused and to our horror one staff member yawmed and said that they had done a double shift and was used to it.When the person in front had issue they called for the Duty Manager who was a foul mouth un cooth &quot;lady&quot; called Tracey and I watched her waddle out and she just barked at the receptionist &quot;WHAT I was having my dinner&quot;, Indeed she was, As she was still chewing what looked like chips and I thought to myself if this is the staff's role model and the one they want to aspire too then the staff will be miserable and slow and un motivated. Perhaps look around at your next hotel, If the moral looks good it is probably down to good management and a happy work force.Shockingly I found out that she was the deputy manager if the hotel, Theres food for thought	
Apr 20 2007 	Stay well clear!	I have stayed in this hotel approximately 3 times with work. Unfortunately, I had no choice when it came to the accommodation booking. I wish I could muster at least one positive remark for this hotel, but if I did...I would be lying!Low Points:- Check in – can be a drawn out experience and some of the staff can be quite abrupt.- Rooms - dreary and smell of ammonia (I don't mean to be crude, but the hotel smells of wee).- Be careful to stipulate at time of reservation that you require a room with air conditioning as this is considered as an up-grade.- The food is scandalously over-priced and tastes atrocious.- Location – the hotel is situation in the financial district. There is a distinctive lack of surrounding facilities and you have to walk some way before you hit other restaurants etc. At night I did not feel comfortable walking around the local area – it could become quite rough.I could go on, but I think that you get the drift! All other colleagues who have also had the misfortune of staying here would have previously voiced the same opinion. Unless you have to….give a wide berth!	
Apr 3 2007 	Worst hotel I have ever stayed in	This hotel is by far the worst I have ever stayed in. The location is in a very quiet and very unsavoury area of the city. We were quite surprised to find the room was actually OK, until we tried to use the bathroom. We had no hot water for the whole of our 2 night stay and other guests we were with had no water at all. We were told numerous times that the problem would be solved in half an hour. That half an hour turned into 48 hours!!The staff were most unfriendly and unhelpful and didnt really care at all that we had not been able to take a shower during our stay. There was a huge queue at reception of people complaining and all the Manager did was hold up his arms in dismay and walk off!!The breakfast was just as bad. No cutlery, no cups for the coffee, one houshold toaster for do it yourself toast between the whole dining room, resulting in a wait of 15 minutes for a slice of toast.Take my advise and steer well clear of this hotel that is run on a par with Fawlty Towers!	
Apr 2 2007	Find Alternative Accomodation If You Are Off To London For The Weekend.	First room we were given had two single beds, an over site I can accept that no problem. We were then moved to another room, this one having a double bed. Unpacked and then went off out for the evening. We returned not too late, about 10PM looking forward to a nice warm shower before turning in for the night, no hot water. Rang the front desk and was informed the water would be hot in the morning. Went to sleep and was woken up by a vibrating / whistling noise that was extremely loud, this went on through out the night despite my attempts to discover where this noise was coming from. Woke after eventually having an hour’s unbroken sleep and made my way to the shower, no hot water. Rang the desk and was not able to gain any time as to when the water would be hot, made do with a cold one. Left for the day then returned about 5PM for a shower and shave before going to a show and a bite to eat in china town, no hot water… no water at all in fact. Then complained about the noise from the room after discovering it was the window frame, not sealed properly, the wind was whipping through the gaps causing the vibration and the whistling noises. Eventually managed to shower in the sports club then left for the evening. Returned at just past midnight and the room had hot water so I looked forward to the hot shower in the morning. Awoke about AM went to the bathroom for a shower…. No water again. By this point both I and my partner were severely peeved about the whole situation. After another call to reception we were told the whole street was without water….. Not true as the staff in the restaurant told us they were informed all the issues had been resolved and the water was running fine now. I guess the main complaint is the fact that no one informed us, we had a room with no water for our whole stay and the team at the hotel was not particularly bothered about the situation. To add insult to injury both the lifts were out of order and there was a number of old people having to walk up six flights of stairs to reach there room. I was a member of a 200 strong party stopping at the hotel who had pre paid, had I been a regular guest I would have refused to pay my bill outright as I felt the whole situation was a farce and if the management is of that caliber through out the chain then I will never stop at this chain again ever. 1 bad experience yes I can accept, 48 hours with no water, two lifts broken down a room with a window frame not sealed correctly, a child could push out, sorry but this is just another fine example of poor management, maintenance and customer service.	
Apr 2 2007	Fawlty Towers	Read the reviews before arriving at the hotel. On arriving the hotel seemed to be OK, but over the weekend it went downhill. We were on the 5th floor and informed there was no water all weekend,therefore the only way to take a shower was to go to the basement. Kept gettingan electric shock off the lift button, once in the lift it was temperemental, sometimes it would work, other times the doors refusedto shut. By Sunday both lifts were out of action, This meant, on leaving, carrying our cases down 5 flights of stairs. We then placed our luggage into the holding area, whilst awaiting our coach. Later on our luggage was being booked out to another party! Luckily we werethere to spot the mistake. I will not be returning to this hotel again.	
Mar 26 2007	ok if you havent paid to much	was not expecting to much after reading other reviews.paid £108 for 2 nights fri/sat for twin room through last minute, if i had paid anymore i would not have been happy.ok if your just using it as a base.leisure facility 4 star, hotel lobby etc 3 star, rooms 2 star.our room was clean but shabby.10 minutes from barbican station.	
Mar 21 2007 	more like 1 star!	this hotel is billed as a 4 star hotel and we've stayed in better 2 star B&amp;B's. my wife and i stayed for 3 days/2 nights and never once did a memeber of staff talk in a polite manner, the cleaner cleaned our room at 4.30pm and left it smelling of B.O, the conceierge wwas as much use as a chocolate fireguard as EVERY THING was to much trouble and the double deluxe room was like a shoe box! enough said!	
Mar 20 2007 	OK Hotel	Stayed here Mar 07 for weekend with family including my 11 year old daughter. After reading the reviews I was a bit wary of the hotel, but I need't have worried. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful during the length of our stay. The room was very basic but Ok for the weekend, we had continental breakfast which again was reasonable. My daughter also used the hotel pool along with other members of the family who also enjoyed the sauna and steam rooms all complimentary for guests of the hotel. To give an idea of location we arrived at Euston Station - a taxi to the hotel cost approx £8.00. A bus ride into the Centre of London cost £2.00. All in all the weekend was very enjoyable.	
Mar 18 2007 	Hell Hole	I stay in quite a few hotels and this has to be the worst. Avoid like the plague. I tried to remain neutral after the hotel was booked and I had checked reviews but I arrived and the single room was tiny with no room to place an ironing board up.Complained and got moved to a twin room. Wardrobe doors hanging off, television didn't work, shower mixer was faulty and more.At least the linen was clean! The staff just seem to accept that everyone is unhappy. There were loads complaining during my one night stay. Thankfully, it was just somewhere to rest my head and nothing else.Never again, never	
Mar 15 2007 	Total Dump!	Terrible hotel - avoid like the plague.I stayed here on business and can safely say it is the worst hotel i have ever stayed in. Arrived and was given a shoe box for a room. Door hanging off wardrobe, drawers broken, dirty, shower didn't work.Changed room twice after complaining and each time got a worse room!!! Shocking. Final room didn't even have a chain for the door; it had no safe, no iron, shower didn't work again, part of the ceiling was damaged, bed was damaged, room didn't even have a pen with which i could order breakfast.I would not stay here if i was being paid to stay there.Do not stay here......	
Mar 14 2007 	The worst Hotel I have been in	This is my first time, I stayed in the Barbican Thistle Hotel and I will never forget the experience.I stayed on the 6th floor; it always smelt of bacon and chip fat. The rooms where terrible, student like accomodations, oops sorry the student accommodations are much nicer.I would not recommend this place to anyone. I have stayed in many hotels around London and this is the worst by far.	
Mar 12 2007 	A lot of money for what you get	We booked the Thistle City Barbican as part of a joint show/hotel package (we went to see &quot;Wicked&quot;, which is a great show and well worth seeing). I was quite happy to stay here, as I was born very close by, so it gave me the chance to show my wife where I was born and see how much had changed/I could remember (moved away when I was five).As for the hotel? Well, it is not cheap - in fact it is an expensive hotel, but then I suppose you are paying for the location (very close to the northern edge of the City and the Barbican Centre is nearby). Good points:The hotel staff are friendly, if perhaps not the best communicators.Bed was extremely comfortable - we both got a great night's sleep.The swimming pool, sauna, steam room and jacuzzi were excellent if perhaps a little small.Breakfast was very enjoyable and great quality.A nice touch is the courtesy bus that takes guests to local tube stations - again, obviously angled at guests who are there to do business in the City.Bad points:The room is very small, given the cost.Communications were not the best - for example, the tea/coffee making facilities were hidden away in a double-drawer cunningly designed to look like two single drawers. No sign explained this, so unless you hunted/nosed through all the drawers, you had no idea where they were.The TV reception was appalling.There were other little niggles, like the light in the wardrobe that was supposed to switch off when the door was closed... but didn't. Or the price list in the room that made it seem like the pool area was subject to an additional charge (it wasn't, but we had to check). Or the lack of information in the room about when breakfast was available. Or the light fitting that wasn't quite fitting to the wall. Or the lift that didn't stop flush with the floor - we saw a couple of people trip due to this.Given that this is an expensive hotel to stay at, personally I would expect things to be perfect... and they were not.If you are staying on your own as part of a business trip, someone else is footing the bill and you need to be close to the City without actually being right in the middle, then this hotel will satisfy your needs. But for what you get, it is an awful lot of money and I would look elsewhere if you are paying the bill.	
Mar 11 2007 	Never again	My second stay in this hotel. This time spent 4 nights in a 6th floor room. The entire floor smelled like grease (or bacon or something). Shower didn't work. Electric outlets didn't work. Lousy breakfast. Won't be staying here again.	
Mar 9 2007 	Student Bedsit but smaller	This was without doubt the smallest hotel room in history, and for 150 pounds a night (which thankfully I wasn't paying for) the hotel should have been flying a jolly roger flag outside!!! When laying on the single bed, I was able to reach across the room and touch both walls at the same time…..I think perhaps they accidentally put me in the cleaners cupboard?!The room was old, and well past its sell by date…although I understand from other reviews and a colleague also staying here that the refurbished rooms are nicer….if at check-in they say you are in the second building, my recommendation is to check out!!The food and staff were helpful of an evening in the bar, although service at breakfast when it came to getting tea, coffee or toast wasn’t the best…the buffet was good though.All in all, when next I’m working up in London I think I will be trying somewhere else before returning here.	
Mar 6 2007 	Worst hotel so far	Where to begin. I was shoe-horned into this hotel when our travel agents wrongly assured me the St Gregory (which is lovely) was available. So, I took the Thistle Barbican as a last minute alternative. The room was, actually, £30 per night more expensive than the St Gregory -- got to be good, right? Nope!My room was tiny; really tiny with a single bed so small that i couldn't fit my entire body on it lying down (i'm 6'2&quot;). The light above the bed was broken and wires were hanging out of the wall. The TV reception was terrible and the back of the remote was missing, so the batterys constantly fell out. The wardrobe door did not shut properly. The shower was cold and the shampoo was not replaced. The bathroom in general looked like something straight out of the 70s.The corridorrs of the hotel were shabby and the carpet, which was coming up in places, undulated. The real killer was the lift. It gave electric shocks every time i pressed the 'call' button, or any button inside the lift. After 3 electric shocks i resolved to press the buttons with my elbow. Now, i'm not adverse to staying in some dodgy places, but it was the fact that this place was SO expensive yet was absolutely apalling. The only thing going for it, really, was the fact i could walk to where i needed to go daily (it's also only a 10 min walk to Old Street Underground). To cap it all, i was checking out and the gentleman on the counter asked how my stay was. I noted that i wasn't impressed, so he gave me a card to fill out. Complaint card, you may think? Replete with smiley faces the words 'Please tell us how we can improve our services to make your NEXT stay more enjoyable'. Riiiight.	
Mar 1 2007 	A complete disatisfaction.	This hotel is probably the worst hotel I've stayed in. Sites are far away, service is horrible. Well overpriced for the services. The card key kept demagnetizing, no ice buckets, electrical screwed up, have to rent adapters and pay for their internet service. I don't mind paying, but i do mind paying over 150 pounds with an additional 10 pounds a day for internet. The ironing board is way to small, and the iron is not very good. Overall I give this hotel a 0! Way to expensive and way off the sites.	
Feb 28 2007	Very unimpressed	I stayed in this Hotel in January whilst I was in Central London on company business, their choice of hotel not mine. First impressions were not favourable, mainly due to the terrible location : right in the middle of a high rise council estate. I felt rather uneasy walking there from Old Street tube station on a Sunday night. Check-in was OK but the room was cold, very small &amp; looked like it had seen better days. Tried breakfast once, it was fair but terribly overpriced (they insisted my company booking at £90 per night did not include breakfast) . In the evenings, I walked to Angel tube station to get into Central London to eat. I made sure I was back by 9:00 pm though ! On the plus side, the Hotel do offer a free shuttle service in the mornings to Old Street tube which was very welcome. Overall, I really cannot recommand this Hotel, sorry. Tube Tip : It's been years since I last stayed in Central London and the £4 minimum tube fare was eye watering. I purchased an Oyster card on the Sunday evening : £23 for 7 days unlimited tube travel areas 1 &amp; 2 : bargain !Food Tip : Mr Wu's Chinese Buffet (Irving Street, just off Leicester Square) is amazing. All you can eat for £4.95. I ate there some years previously so I simply had to try them again. Excellent food for the price, I wonder if there's anywhere else in the UK (never mind London) offering such good value.	
Feb 27 2007	Not family friendly...but tried hard to please us!	Stayed for 3 nights 9-12 Feb, My daughter, mum, sister and niece. We were very tired arriving into Kings Cross 20:20, qued for taxi to take us to hotel, £8 lady at the taxi rank ushered you to a cab so no que jumping, about 15 min trip to hotel. Check in was slow, I had phoned the week before to request rooms close to each other as we were a family, they gave us 1 room on floor 3 and 1 room on floor 6! Requested rooms closer together to be told none available, the man I spoke to a week earlier came out and said he would try and get us nearer together the next day, so off we went. Floor 3 was recently refurbished and looked lovely, our kids were very impressed.....they must have run out of money after that floor as floor 6 was like stepping back in time! Our room was clean but small for 3. As we were settling in reception called to say they could move us from floor 3 up to floor 5!!Not a chance her room was lovely! I said we would wait , He then found he could move us to floor 2, so we said that would be great, the upgrade room was a sofa bed and you would have broken your back if you slept on it for 3 days, not even suitable for a child. When it was out you couldnt open the wardrobe, spoke to the reception again and told him not acceptable we would make do with the tatty room on floor 6! As if by magic, another room for 3 was found , a suite no less!! we checked this out and although it was a sofa bed it was far superior to the other and you could get to the wardrobes!by this time it was 10:20pm. Air con easy to control, outside noise was noticable, we overlooked a block of residential flats and it got quite colourful at some times, breaking windows etc...Breakfast was great, we filled up for the days,we taxid most places, but on the sunday, concierge told us which bus to take from City Road, very easy, kids free on a weekend, standard price of £2 per adult, discovered you can buy a day ticked for £3.50 and go anywhere within 2 zones, ideal if your doing the touristy things like we were. Didnt go out on an evening as the area isnt over good, the security at the hotel was excellant, they didnt allow people to be hanging around. The pool was excellant, main reason we chose this hotel, the kids loved it, free towels, spa, steam room, pool quite, they had a ball! The restaurant only serves carvery on a weekend and this needs addressing, we only wanted a meal of the bar menu but were told we could not have this in the restaurant. They did accomodate us with a special price for the carvery and did the kids at a special rate.Wewere leaving London late that evening and they allowed us to leave our luggage there all day, the rain cut short our last day,so we asked if we could order some food sit have a coffe and get warm and dry, till we left, this was not a problem. On the whole they tried their best to accomodate us, a little more careful planning with rooms when families are involved and a change to the menu in the restaurant and this could be a wonderful base for a family in London.	
Feb 23 2007 	OK	Stayed for 2 nights in Feb 07 - him on business, me for leisure. After reading previous reviews was not really looking forward to stay, but pleasantly disappointed.Stayed in upgraded room (£175 per night B&amp;B) - it was actually a suite with separate sitting area, 2TVs, adequate bathroom. Yes, view was of building across the road, but have had similar in many London hotels. Main drawbacks with room were firstly the heat - air con. did not seem to work, and open window was very noisy. The central heating activated at 4 am, and whether or not the radiator was on the noise in the pipes was horrendous - we were awake for over an hour listening to the clanks and grunts!Location is not good for the tourist, but excellant for the city - the free shuttle bus (8-10.30am, 5-8 pm) takes you to Barbican or Moorgate. Taxi fare from King's X about £7.Breakfast was very good - the dining room is large, but quiet. Environment was very clean, service excellant - loads of staff clearing and serving coffee. Food was hot and tasty.Checkout/in was indeed busy at times, but at least there is express check out so you don't have to queue.Overall - not a good location for access to West End, but good for city. Adequate rooms, though noise problems. Friendly waiting staff, helpful concierge and minibus driver. If I was visiting the city or Barbican I would stay there again.	
Feb 18 2007	Terrible do not stay here	Booked through an internet website for £90 per single room ex taxes. Arrived to be given a key card with a price of £72.00 ex taxes . As my business was paying I queried the price only to be told that prices were confidential which is a bad sign for a hotel. This suggests an new adage- you some time get less than what you are paying for. I will be more careful in future with internet sites and this chain of hotels.Put in old block and into a very small but clean room-it was very very hot in the room despite a wedged open window. The other major problem was the noisy compressor directly outside the window which was very very loud.I could not bring myself to pay £15.00 for breakfast so took a taxi to a local cafe and had a brilliant breakfast for £6.00.As a someone who values visitors to her capital I recommend that they avoid this hotel if they want to leave with a good impression of London. Never again.	
Feb 12 2007 	Great for a weekend break What's the problem??	I read the other reviews with dread, most of them posted after I booked. I stay in a lot of hotels on business, so know what to expect in City hotels. This was OK. Rooms very modern, OK, not large, but this is a city hotel so do not expect large rooms. Smart decoration all round. Great swimming pool and gym. Yes, breakfast was busy, but plenty of staff around, no wait for any food and plenty of everything available.Only problem we had was that it's a 10 minute walk to the tube station, though the hotel runs a shuttle service to some stations.We had a problem with a partially blocked sink and heating not working effeciently, both dealt with rapidly.We were upgraded to the business rooms without asking.Overall, not as bad as other reviews make this hotel to be.	
Feb 8 2007	I won't be back...	I stayed at the Thistle City for 3 nights in February and even though it was a company booking, I'll ensure the next time I'm in London, I won't be staying at the Thistle City. There is nothing horrendously wrong with this hotel but so many crucial elements are not what the could (or should) be that I won't choose to stay their again. The service at reception is poor. If nothing else, its aggravating when you're trying to check in at 10pm and standing in a line of 6-8 people while only 1 of the 4 staff at the reception desk is trying to work through that line. When you do reach your room its clean but small and cramped with a 15 inch TV that is would be more a home in a small B&amp;B. The hotel is also pretty poorly insulated for sound... once I turned in for the night, a fair amount of street noise is audible. I got up to check if the window was open but it wasn't. It was simply old and it rattled enough in its frame for you to be able to realise why the street noise came in so easily. Resigning myself to the fact there was little I could do about it, I returned to bed to listen to the man in the room next door call his wife (maybe) to say goodnight. I really don't expect to hear conversations from the room next door in a decent hotel in this day and age.All of the issues above are something you can choose to put up with if you thought you were getting value for money or ideally located. However, given the price this hotel charges for an inadequate product and poor service, then I'll chose to give my business to another hotel.	
Feb 6 2007 	Expensive for an average hotel.	Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights - I had stayed here 8 years ago and when I approached the hotel remembered how bad it was previously. Thistle now run the hotel and they have tried to tidy it up but it needs refreshing again. The room was clean and well maintained but if your after a room with a view find another hotel. The building is a little odd and split in to 2 halves - if your in the opposite side to reception then you could end up with a view of a wall. I don't think I opened the curtains for the whole time I was there because the view was so depressing. Breakfast was busy on the days I was there but the selection was good. I used the room service on the first night which came to £22 for a sandwich and a drink!! On another night I stayed in for food which was very good but the service was poor. There is a pool and gym in this hotel which is small but luckily quiet on the days I was there. Luckily I stayed here on a business trip as the standard room rate is £180 per night. For that kind of money you can do a lot better. I'm not sure if there are any tourist attractions near here - I wouldn't recommend this hotel for anything other than business travel.	
Jan 21 2007 	Good rooms poor breakfast	Good sized modern rooms which were pristine and well maintained. Only disappointment was breakfast which was similar to a rugby scrum as there were large tour groups eating before another day's sightseeing.Reasonly priced for central London	
Jan 16 2007 	An ok hotel for a 1 day business trip	The hotel turned out to be better than majority of the reviews had indicated. On the plus: pretty clean (sheets, bathroom, towels, etc.); prompt service (my remote control was not working and was replaced within 5 minutes of calling the front desk); eatable food (nothing too great but simple and tasty). On the minus: the location is horrible (it is in the middle of no where and pretty far from Barbican and Old Street tube stations); uncomfortable beds (I woke up the next morning with a back pain from the mattress).This is an ok hotel for a business trip; get in, get some sleep and get out. I would not recommend it to anyone else as it is a pain to get to by tube and nothing to see or do around it. If you are stuck here, go to the Angel tube stop; there are a lot of nice restaurants and things to do.	
Jan 8 2007	DID NOT LIKE VERY MUCH	My friend and i went on a bus trip and stayed at this hotel. The room was tiny and did not have a lot going for it. The beds were clean and comfortable, but we found a TICK in one of them. It was taken to reception, who were horrified but no compensation or upgrade offered. Lets hope the room was cleaned thorougly before any one else stayed in it. Sadly did not take a camera so no photos available.	
Jan 5 2007 	Not great...	I stayed here overnight on business in mid-December 2006. There were quite a few people checking in at the same time from my company, but one of the computers on reception was unable to process our reservations, so we all had a long wait to check in.When we finally got checked in, the room (a standard twin) had clearly seen better days. The facilities were pretty basic.We had a few drinks in the bar at the rear of the hotel later on, which had a pleasant enough atmosphere, and we also had some pizzas (which were incredibly hot with chilli!).The following morning, there seemed to be a problem with the water pressure, and I couldn't get the shower to stay on - the lever you pull up to switch the water from the bath tap to the shower head kept dropping back down, so I had to hold it up with one hand while trying to wash my hair with the other. This was a problem several of my colleagues encountered too.Outside my room, the corridor smelt strongly of stale fried food, so I skipped breakfast. All in all, this hotel is really just somewhere to lay your head for the night - don't expect much more!	
Jan 2 2007 	A Most Horrible Experience - The Ultimate Hotel from Hell	Avoid this hotel at all costs. The staff are stupid and inefficient. They lost my reservation via lastminute (done 3 weeks previously, so no excuse for lastminute). Not being able to process internet reservations seems to be a feature of the Thistle chain (happened 3 times previously to me in a Thistle hotel). The room was dreary, clapped out, tiny, windows were locked and no airconditioning - simply utterly ghastly. The only positive thing is that the room was clean, but that's all. I left this hotel the next morning at 5 am - I will never stay in a Thistle hotel again in my life.	
Dec 7 2006 	Dread going	My corporate office is around the corner from this hotel and I dread having to stay there everytime I come to London for meetings. I guess I should just start by saying what doesn't go wrong? They've lost my reservations on more than one occasion, I've experienced dirty rooms with showers not working properly (the trick is to jam the chain under the pull) keys don't work, T.V doesnt work, food not what I ordered, clueless staff, hairdryer broken etc. etc. the list goes on. It is just an overall experience of aggrevation that I don't need at the end of the day. If it is convenient, I would stay somewhere else.	
Nov 28 2006 	Very very very poor	I booked a room with air conditioning for two nights. When i finally got to my room it had no air con and was tiny. I returned to reception and asked to be moved. I was then allocated another room without air-con. I asked to see the duty manager and complained........I saw the reception staff sneering at my request. They were unable to allocate an air conditioned room! I chose not to stay there, appalling customer service and very very overpriced.	
Nov 25 2006 	Just a room	After reading the reviews on here I was dreading my stay. The first thing I did when arriving in my room was to check the bed, thankfully no damp patches. The room was fine, nothing out of the ordinary. The TV was useless, only 5 channels and none of them tuned in properly. The hotel is quite a walk from the underground, especially with bags. I didn't go out at night on my own as I really didn’t feel safe walking the streets and there was nowhere other than the underground to get to nicer areas of London to go.	
Nov 21 2006 	Much better than I expected considering other reviews	After reading the reviews on here I was dreading my stay. I had booked it through a Travel Agents with show tickets &amp; if I cancelled I would have lost money. To my delight the Hotel was warm &amp; welcoming on a cold damp day. We were greeted by a friendly desk clerk who upgraded us to a superior room which I think only gives you the added benefit of a trouser press &amp; iron (which I actually used). The room was also nice &amp; warm, very clean, had a small kettle &amp; plenty of tea &amp; coffee (yes it is a little on the small side but for the length of time we spent in it we certainly weren't bothered). The bathroom was immaculate with plenty of clean towels.Breakfast was hot, hearty and plentiful. There was a short wait for a table but the staff kept things moving very quickly.All the staff we encountered were plesant &amp; helpful.As for the hotel being out of the way, it is a 7-10 minute walk to old street station which is on the Northern line, 3 stops south of Kings Cross and 3 stops down to Covent Garden. For the price what more could you want.	
Oct 22 2006 	Grotty - missed on every point	This was booked as part of a theatre/hotel deal for a delux twin, but we still can't work out what we got for the extra. Our twin beds were side by side, and as I was staying with a friend, I asked for them to be moved apart, while we were out for the day - that didn't happen. I had soap the first night, but that disappeared for the second night. We had one shower gel between us, one set of towels, until we found the second one hidden in the wardrobe. Tea/coffee is hidden in the bottom drawer. Remote control didn't work, and of course the concierge had to check it for about 5 minutes before he agreed to change it.Beds are comfortable, air conditionining is difficult to use, net curtains were filthy. 15 minute walk to the nearest tube. When I wanted a taxi, I had to follow the concierge up the road and then back to the hotel entrance to chase a taxi . Continental breakfast was in the annex and was okay - croissants, rolls, ham and cheese, selection of fruit and cereals and juices. My friends were given a smoking room, which stank so much they insisted oon a change, which reception were happy to arrange. Unfortunately by the time they got back to their original room to move their luggage, the keycard had been disabled so that was another trip to reception.There are better hotels in London for the same price, so avoid this one - there isn't anything good to say about it.	
Oct 18 2006 	An OK hotel	We booked this hotel as a part of British Airways package. It had been represented to us as a four star hotel in the City which turned out to be neither. I did some research on tripadvisor before arriving (not before booking unfortunately) and figured the main point was to get a room in the main building. Upon arriving we were informed that our room would be at the adjacent building, dreadful as i had heard. I asked the receptionist to get us room at the main which she did only as an &quot;upgrade to luxury room&quot; of 20 pounds per night. Luxury it was not, but the room was good enough for me. The location was pretty inconvenient. It's a 10 minute walk to the closest tube station. Their much advertised free shuttle was not available at most times and when asked for it their maitre'd seemed at best reluctant.The good thing about this hotel was their inlcusive breakfast. They offered a lot of hearty food when I expected just some muffins with warm coffee.It was not as bad as many reviews make it seem, i think this hotel should be given more credit. It might be great option for people on the budget if they get a good deal on it. It is OK.	
Oct 16 2006	it's awful	don't stay here. you will be disappointed. anybody saying it's great and they loved it are seriously misleading you. i'm not one who needs luxury but there are hostels better than this. Don't do it.	
Oct 12 2006 	Great Atmosphere	Recently returned from a weekend in London, I stayed the Thistle City Barbican. It had a great atmosphere! All the staff were friendly, smiley, helpful and seemed like all the staff enjoyed their jobs! Which is nice to see! They went the extra mile to make sure our stay was what we expected. We had a fantastic weekend in London and staying at City Barbican just made it more enjoyable to explore this fantastic City! I look forward to going back and spending another weekend at this excellent hotel.	
Oct 10 2006 	Yuck Yuck Yuck	Sept inLondon just happens to be very humid.....so it makes sense that this hotel has no Air Conditioning in the rooms!!! Opening the windows is no good, due to the noise outside. Crap beds...dirty linen and bathrooms. Expensive bar....crap restaurant.And expensive!!!Do not stay here .... go to the Holiday Inn around the corner	
Sep 26 2006	Avoid at all cost!	I can't even begin to describe how unenjoyable my trip was. There is no air-con, and I couldn't open my window due to the fact that there were kids outside with very big dogs who were barking constantly. Not somewhere I felt safe. TV also had a very old-fashioned set-up with an aeriel stuck in the back of the set. As a result practically no reception.	
Sep 25 2006	Please do not use this Hotel	Please, please, please no matter how tempted you are to book a room at this hotel - don't, especially if you are in London sightseeing.The rooms are small, dirty, in need of refurbishment (unless you like 70's retro!), and like mini furnaces.The hotel is in the middle of a council estate, miles from the nearest tube in a 'run down' part of London, the restaurant is grim, and nobody appears to speak English!I had two nights in this dump at £164 a night!! and was glad to leave - fortunately my employer was picking up the tab.	
Sep 24 2006 	loved the barbican	I just came back from a weekend away at the Barbican and had a fantastic time.Having read the bad reviews we were dreading it and even tried to change our hotel before setting off however on arriving we were pleasantly surprised the lobby was inviting as were the staff, the concierge booked in our bags until it was time to book into our room. Our room was clean if a little on the small side but we had room for everything. We needed to open windows as was a ittle warm as we were on the top floor, but we had a large fan to cool us down, The bathroom was spotless! On request for an iron it was taking to my room even before I got there.The concierge were very helpful in getting taxi's, booking in bags. Alfonso drove us to Moorgate tube station to help us get to our destination quicker and told us how to get back.We had a cram packed weekend, had breakfast and lunch at the hotel which was delicious.As a treat we all had a facial on the Sunday before leaving with a jacuzzi, swim,sauna and steam room.We will definately be back next year!	
Sep 19 2006 	In the middle of nowhere	Nothing can justify the “rack rate” of £180 plus. Through an Internet agency, I paid £60 for a single room on a Friday night (it would have been at least twice the price Monday-Thursday), and this was already a good price to pay for what you get.The words ‘Barbican’ and ‘City’ in the name are economical with the truth: you are in fact in Clerkenwell, a sort of shady no man’s land between the City and Islington, far from the tube stations. If you do not have a good bus map, you will in fact be dependent on scarce and expensive taxis.There is not enough staff at the Front Desk on Fridays : a large party of noisy low-class women was before me and I had to wait almost 20 minutes before checking in (I had arrived at 12:00 but was told that you could not check in before 14:00-14:30). Later in the evening, there were continuous queues – even at 23:00 when I went to bed!My room (2307) was poorly designed: you could not really use the desk/table as the bedside table (in fact a fixed shelf) did not allow you to place the chair comfortably near the desk/table.The wooden panel which lined the bath had paint which flaked off and the shower/bath selection button was missing: basic maintenance is obviously neglected in that hotel.On the Saturday morning, there were enormous queues for breakfast. No mushrooms were left, the poor girl frying the eggs was overwhelmed and the toasting machine was not geared to so many people.A sure sign of a poorly-managed establishment: you had to wait for clean glasses before you could have your orange juice – and when they arrived they were hot, straight from the dishwasher, hardly suitable for chilled orange juice.I wonder who is prepared to pay £180 plus during the week – obviously businessmen on an expense account who do not care since it is the company that pays anyway? At £60 the value for money is already debatable!Not recommended unless it is your company that pays for you!	
Sep 18 2006 	Good hotel	We have just come back from a 2 night weekend stay at the Barbican Thistle. We arrived at the hotel just after 1pm and was told we could check in at 3pm. We left our luggage with the concierge. We went across the road to the local pub and had lunch. Just after 3pm we came back and checked in straight away no queue even though the hotel was busy. We collected our bags again straight away. Our room was on the 6th floor of the new building and was pleasent enough.On the Friday we went out to a medieval evening in central London. We asked the concierge to call us a taxi but it would be 30 mins so we had to go and flag one ourselves. Taxi's into London are not to bad on average about £10 as there was 4 of us it was quite cheap.On our return we went to the bar which was expensive but you expect to pay more in a hotel. Bar closed at 2.30ish and found the staff quite friendly and helpful.Breakfast was good, plenty choice of cooked or cold foods. There was lots of food and it was hot the fried eggs were freshly cooked.On the Saturday we used the courtesy bus which is driven by one of the concierge. He took us to the tube station and gave us directions of how to get where we were going. Very helpful as all the concierge staff were at all times. I could see at times they looked stressed out but this may because other residents demand things to be done for them there and then. The concierge actually went out on the street and brought taxis back to the hotel for people. They opened your door of the taxi when you arrived back at the hotel. The concierge were fantastic and deserve a special mention. Some people are just never happy and expect to waited on hand and foot.All in all I found this hotel pleasent, clean and enjoyable. We were a bit anxious about our stay after reading the reviews. As for the council estate I think we passed it once in our taxi and can't see what the problem is. People have to live somewhere not everyone can afford to live in big posh houses far away from the riff raff!!!!!There are a couple of shops and take aways across from the Hotel and a pub. Taxi's are reasonable so we had no problem getting about.The leisure club was good too and is included in the price of the room. They have a sauna, steamroom, jacuzzi, swimming pool and gym. At extra cost you can have beauty treatments and massages. They provide you with towels which is handy.Would reccomend the Hotel to anyone and I would go back, please don't be put of by the bad reviews it really is not that bad.	
Sep 15 2006 	Very poor and terrible value	Quite possibly the smallest room I've encountered other than in a Japaness capsule hotel!Dingy, dirty and well past it's sell by date. Self service breakfast was poor and none of the staff seeemed to have a basic grasp of English. Requests for some butter were met with confused expressions!Leave plenty of time to check out and to get to wherever you're going as this is not particulalrly handy for anywhere!	
Sep 10 2006	NOT what you would want before your exams!!!!!!	We were taking exams held at the Barbican Centre on 06/09/06.Therefore, we were looking for a reasonable hotel nearby for the night of 05/09/06.Booking a deluxe room with breakfast at approx £186.00, seemed ok for our needs.How wrong we were!!!! We battled with air con for almost one hour - useless!Check in was almost unfriendly. Directions to our room quite vague. On opening the door I can only reinforce what others have previously said - a furnace!!! Also, the basin was completely cracked in half, bathroom stank!! Tumblers were dirty and curtains ripped. Overall room was dirty and when we asked ,&quot; When was this room last cleaned?&quot;, we were told &quot; someone will come to clean it .&quot;We were also surprised to learn that , if two people occupy one room you will find additional towels dustily in the wardrobe (with built in light not working).We enquired whether someone could attend to the non existant air con and blown light bulbs while we went to dinner. We were assurred no problem.We had one drink in the bar before going out for dinner (only reason for going out was the appauling menu which sounded quite plasticised).Bar area was empty ,but pleasingly cool with its own air con!After returning from dinner we found our bathroom smelt just slightly better,but nothing else had been attended to.Worn out, we were in two minds whether do anything at all.The room was boiling,and very little had been done --- I complained!We had alreday been told there were no other rooms avaliable,but, suddenly the duty night manager Dinoh found us a suite close by with effective air con.We had to move ourselves and by this time (23.15) were thoroughly fed up with the whole thing and did not feel in the slighted bit rested.As for breakfast the following day, cool and poor coffee, juices insipid,cooked items not even average by Travel Lodge standards. When we enquired whether an omlette or some mushrooms may be avaliable we were told &quot;not now!&quot;, some 30 minutes before breakfast was due to close.We concluded that maybe unreasonable demands were being placed on already unmotivated staff, but having travelled the world as a cabin crew member, on holidays worldwide, and innumerable corporate events - I can honestly say that this is the worst hotel(?) I have ever encountered.The only saving grace was our duty manager.A big &quot; thank you&quot; for your efforts in trying to make our stay better,you were the ONLY member of staff that we felt had ANY regard for the companies customers and pride within their own work.(wish you well for the future).Word of warning ..... Think long and hard before booking,there must be a better way!!!	
Sep 10 2006 	Averaged out to be an ok stay	We stayed in this hotel for one night for £70 including breakfast. We had a double, non smoking room which had an air con unit (despite it not meant to have one) in the building where the reception is.The room and ensuite was a good size and had the amenities that we needed. The room itself seemed clean but there was mildew and other bathroom gunge on the tiles in the bathroom which made the whole place seem alot more grungier.Check in was a bit long despite there being a short queue. The staff just couldn't seem to process each guest very quickly. I dunno if it was due to imconpetency or the check in system just being carp.The check in staff, and most other staff members we encountered were mostly polite but hardly forthcoming and not one cracked a smile.The breakfast was rather good and our waitress was really chirpy (which was unexpected considering the other staff members). The main plus about the breakfast was the selection of food available (cereals, croissants, toast, cooked bits, juices, fruit etc). The coffee was undrinkable (and i'm hardly a connosuier!).It was the best value london hotel we could find at the time and we didn't expect much of it. It was fine and it was average. I'd stay there again if the price was right but london hotel choice, for me, is dictated primarily by cost vs cleanliness vs location!PS We used the pool and it was fine too. Bit cold and a bit small but was a nice break to the hot weather at the time!	
Aug 29 2006 	Garbage hotel	We have stayed in 2 other Thistle hotels in London, so we were expecting a reasonable hotel. In fact this was probably the worst hotel experience for both my partner and I. The room was small, extremely ugly, in very poor condition and the walls paper thin, so we were unable to sleep for hearing our neighbours talk and snore. The safe box was locked and nonone could apparently do anything about it. The location is not even convenient for a visitor to LondonI would advise anyone thinking about staying here to think again. Almost anywhere else has to be better.	
Aug 28 2006 	Not that bad at all	My company had already booked this hotel for a 3 night business trip before I had checked the reviews on TripAdivsor. So I did not have high hopes for the place given the tone of some of the reviews !However, having experienced it first hand and returned home unscathed, I thought I should log my experiences to try and indicate that not every stay is a nightmare.After an initial delay checking in, (no fault on the hotels part) I was directed to my room which was thankfully in the main building. I have to say that the lobby, reception and indeed all the public areas were clean and tidy and generally in a good state of repair.The room itself was fine. Good size, not exactly the most up-to-date decor, but clean and tidy. Full marks to the house-keeping staff as the room and toilet were spotless on my return each evening.With regard to the location, OK so its near some council flats... so what ? If you'd looked a little closer you might have noticed how many were clearly privately-owned and well looked after. I took the courtesy bus to the tube station on the morning I checked out, but the rest of the time I walked to the City which only took 15-20 mins.Next, the staff - who have had some rather harsh treatment in some reviews. I would like to state quite clearly that every single staff member I dealt with was professional, pleasant and polite. Most of the staff may not have had English as their first language but I could not fault the level of service they provided. And, I'm not sure what kind of service one reviwer expected at a breakfast buffet... how hard can it be to walk up and help yourself!!? I thought the breakfast staff did a fine job, and the food itself was perfectly adequate.However, it wasn't all good.The worst thing was the mattress. It had seen better times. Or rather it had been the scene of too many better times !! It was clearly worn out. It also had a rather unpleasant aroma which I won't speculate too much about ! At any rate it should have been replaced. The wardrobe also smelled a bit musty. The hair-dryer in the bathroom didn't work, and neither did the fridge. The wall-paper was also a bit tattered under the window. None of these were crucial to me personally, but its little details like these that can cloud your overall experience. I also appreciate that I may have been more critical if I'd been paying rather than my company, but on the whole this hotel was perfectly adequate for a business trip, and although I certainly wouldn't rave about it, I would be quite happy to recommend it to others.	
Aug 25 2006 	Not bad at all.	Our experience at this hotel was fairly good, thankfully. Octopus Travel made the booking at really short notice because we had been booked into another hotel that was absolutely awful and I had to leave. We were waiting for about 15 minutes while they sorted out the booking and they upgraded us to a superior room for this. The man who checked us in was in training and he couldn't have been nicer. The room was beautiful, it was big and clean and had air conditioning. We didn'y try the breakfast though because the queue for it was almost at the door of the hotel. If there was a downsixe it would be the location. It was in between 3 tube stations, each at least a 10 minute walk away and while nothing bad happened in the area I got the feeling it wasn't the safest place to be at night. Overall, though, it was a lovely stay for us.	
Aug 4 2006 	Soo Bad	We tried at least seven times to book our room via the group booking and each time was told that they didn't exist or that all the rooms were booked under their grouping. Eventually after the soon to be Bride and Groom shouted at someone in the hotels booking centre, I was told the next time I rang not to get off the telephone until someone sorted it out. They also gave me a name of a Thistle manager to use as leverage. So I tried for a final time and refused to take no as an answer, eventually they informed me the booking was on the next screen down where no one had bothered to check. When they finally tried to book the room which they had mysteriously found, they told me there was a problem with the computer system and they could only book one person into the room and not the both of us, but they told me that they would put a note on the reservation to say there would be two of us. No one sent me a confirmation email or anything by post, I had to telephone and request confirmation, which was then sent. When we arrived at the hotel there was a small queue in front of us but only one person checking in/out at reception. There were however at least five people behind the desk trying to ignore the growing queue, it was as if they didn't want our money. Eventually I had to ask in a loud voice if there were going to be anyone else checking people in and immediately three members of staff decided they would help check in people. The woman checking us in had a bad grasp of English and could not understand what we were saying and we could not understand her badly broken English. Another of the wedding party had started being checked in at the same time as us and had been checked in ten minutes before we eventually managed to get checked in. We had travelled a long way to get to the hotel and the lack of communication left us standing at reception for over 20 minutes while she tried to find our room cards, our booking on the system, they fact it only said one person on the booking because of the initally computer problems when we booked. She then informed us that breakfast finished at 10 am on a Saturday and a Sunday, the other members of the booking group were told 10.30am and 11am.When we managed to get our room keys, we had to ask where the lifts were as this information was not forthcoming, when we got to the fourth floor the blast of hot air hit us, as if we were in a furnace. There was no air conditioning or windows open in the corridors, the carpet was ripped in places and our room was located down a corridor so badly lit that at night you could hardly see where you were going, several of the lights had blown and noone had bothered to change them.The extractor fan in our bathroom was not working and there was mould on the shower curtain, other than that the room was fine other than it being tiny. On Saturday night after the wedding I went back to our hotel room and tried to watch some television as I was getting changed, an old message suddenly appeared from Friday night. After trying to delete the message time after time with no luck, I rang down to reception and no one bothered to answer, so I had to physically go down to reception and ask them to sort it out, which they did, I missed the end of the film I was watching.The breakfast each morning was very average, I have stayed in many hotels where the breakfast was to a very high standard, so I know an average breakfast when I experience one. The staff could not speak english well enough to deal with any requests and I had the distinct impression that they didn't want to be there, complaining to each other within earshot of the customers. All in all quite a disappointment, I will never stay at this hotel again and will be telling all my friends and family how bad it is. It also makes me question whether I should stay at any other Thistle Hotel in this country. If this is the general standard of service and quality then I shall never step back into another Thistle Hotel and will actively discourage anyone else I know from staying at the chain.	
Jul 18 2006 	Two months later and they're still cheating me	I feel like most people on this site have already covered much of what makes this hotel so awful; from my own experience, I will just say that I spent $212 on a room in which I could touch both walls at once, where the &quot;linens&quot; on the bed consisted of a single flat sheet and a down duvet that was entirely unnecessary in this sweltering un-airconditioned coffin, and that came off all together when I tried to take off the duvet, revealing a single green plastic hospital mattress. Oh, and the promised high-speed internet access was an extra 15pounds.More problematic, though, is that I can't get this hotel to stop billing me. I paid for my room in advance on Hotwire (which called it a 4*, unbelievably), and so the Thistle Barbican never should have charged me a penny. But when I checked in, the receptionist asked how I'd be paying for my room, and could she see my credit card? It took me a good five minutes to convince them that the room was already paid for, after which they still took my credit card for incidental charges. I didn't incur any, but for some reason, yesterday, 2 months after my stay, the hotel put a charge for $942.31 on my credit card. I called to complain and spoke to a man who said he'd investigate the charge. Then, today, another charge for $95! I'm now thinking of canceling my card entirely, solely to prevent these crooks from charging me. And yes, I'm disputing the transactions with my credit card company.The Thistle City Barbican - you can check out any time you like, but you can never leave!	
Jul 16 2006 	the worst hotel ever?	I have to agree with many others on this site about this truly rubbish hotel. I was part of a group reservation from the company I work for in London. Coming in on an early flight from S'pore found out they'd lost my reservation and refused my pre-arranged and paid for early check. It took two hours of on - off arguing and they only allowed me to check in after after I called my boss's PA and she called on behalf. No apology no nothing, from hopelessly obnoxious staff who could hardly speak English, and when I asked for the manager he ran off - truly unbelieveable.Room for the corporate rate of GBP125 was just rubbish- you can get better in Bayswater for GBP70 and its not located in godawful council estate. Breakfast was OK, but again staff were just, well hopeless. To be fair (although why should I be?) the gym was not bad.An extremely sorry excuse for a hotel, almost makes me be embarrassed to be British when I consider the places I stay in KL, Bangkok etc for far less money.	
Jun 23 2006	Nightmare!!!	Myself and 2 colleagues stayed overnight. Not one smile from the reception staff as we checked in. The rooms (4th floor) were like a furnace. My room, which was a single room had a tiny desk fan in it - no air conditioning - not good for a 4 star hotel. The room was tiny, with literally a small path to walk on to get in and out of the bed. Thats maybe why they had removed the ironing board, iron and hairdryer from the room.We asked for non-smoking rooms. All 3 rooms had ashtrays and a very stale smell of smoke.Despite leaving the desk fan on from the minute I walked into the room to the minute I left, the room remained like a furnace. I didnt get any sleep at all!!	
Jun 19 2006	A Poor Stab!	Dear oh dear...Where to begin. 4 star definitely not. as per previous reviews really but this time with potentially fatal consequences.Upon arrival whilst checking in, we are met with foreign staff who are trying to calm an existing (already checked in) customer down... a customer who is holding a syringe head that he has found in the swimming pool. Had it not been for the fact that we could not afford to change hotel we would have asked for a full refund and left it then and there.Needless to say, my wife and I had immediately decided not to use the swimming pool facilites after seeing the man holding this potentially fatal item. I did not check to see whether the pool was closed after this incident, but regardless, this should not be happening in any establichemnt - especially a four star rated one !The room was lousy, window latch was broken - so no limit on how far it opens, so beware if you have a young child as this could quite easily lead to a fall out of window from great height...As per other reviews, room was far too hot (maybe this is why the catch was broken on the window ? ) and no air con - just a noisy rotating fan. you can hear rooms above below and either side with ease throughout the night.bathroom was disgusting. &quot;power&quot; shower head was clogged with limescale and in dire need of a good clean, and the whole area around the bath was dirty with scale and mould. The overflow from the bath was thick with scum.Breakfast was the final straw... again foreign staff/not understaninding english led to lack of service - as when the machine that dilutes the apple juice ran out of apple syrup/mixture, the staff did not understand - when all that was coming out was water... I am still waiting on some fruit juice now. All they had to do was change the box/bag inside the machine.	
Jun 15 2006	Fab stay for our family!	Having read the previous reviews, I was full of trepidation. The reality turned out to be SO different though! We were given a lovely welcome and all the staff were very helpful the WHOLE time we were there, giving directions, bringing extra milk etc We were allowed to park outside for a good half hour whilst we unpacked before popping the car over to the NCP for the weekend (£15 - very reasonable).Our room was large and bright with loads of space for our two teenagers in the lounge area. All the fixtures and fittings were in good condition and it was very clean - we were delighted. The leisure facitilities were great - complimentary towels for the pool, nice atmosphere.. not too busy.. just right for a morning swim. The breakfast was the best I've had in any London Hotel (and I've stayed in 8 different ones now - all four star!!). The eggs were cooked fresh and the fruit salad selection and range of foods were superb. We will definitely use it again!Probably the only thing that I could fault is the 10 min walk to the Tube.. but as we had such a good deal with the hotel, it didn't really matter.	
May 22 2006	Loved it	Me and my wife stayed in the main building and thought the place was worth every one of its 4 stars. I had read the bad reviews on this site and was concerned coz we had booked last minute, so it was a pleasant suprise to see how nice the room, corridors and bars were.It seems like the secret is to insist on a room in the main building. away from the annexe.We never used the lesiure facilities.They charge £20 per night to park your car - still cheaper than coming on a train.	
May 15 2006 	Noisy small 	Possible one of the worst nights sleep I've had at a hotel.We were staying in an overpriced, small, tired looking hotel room, on the 1st floor, and throughout the night, all we could hear was shouting from the council estates next door, and vehicles driving past. The soundproofing in this hotel is pretty much none existant, as was further proved when our neighbours checked in (probably quite quietly) at 2am. You could hear everything. To make matters worse, the hotel room was incredibly hot, and all they'd done to improve the situations was leave a desk fan in the room. There wasn't even an extractor fan in the bathroom.The automated wake-up call simply didn't happen ( I wasn't the only person complaining about this the next morning ), and the staff seemed completely uninterested in any complaints.They asked how my night was, I listed my complaints, none of which were noted, and the receptionists only response was &quot;Oh, I see here you owe £20 for the room upgrade&quot;. That was it. No apology, no promise to get anything looked into.. ridiculous.Terrible customer service, terrible location, 15 minutes walk to the nearest tube station and in dire need of some refurbishment.Oh, but a nice breakfast though.Avoid.	
Apr 27 2006 	Okay stay	Spent two nights here in February 2006. The room was okay, but a little noisy. Nice bathroom and friendly staff at the front desk. Breakfast ok, but I've had better.The hotel was spot on for our business travel, but there's not much to do or see on the neighbourhood. We had to take a 10-15 min walk to the Angel area to find a good restaurant for a dinner.	
Apr 25 2006 	Friendly Staff	I stayed at the Hotel and was very happy. The rooms are not the biggest in London, but were very clean and comfortable. The food in the restaurant was enjoyable. The difference about this Hotel was the very friendly staff through out the Hotel who did an excellent job to look after us.	
Apr 23 2006	Excellent - thoroughly enjoyed our stay	Just returned from a brilliant 3 night break at the Thistle City Barbican. However, after reading some of the reviews prior to my trip I nearly cancelled the booking I was that worried. My husband and 2 children stayed here over the Easter Weekend and couldn't fault the hotel and disagree with some of the negative comments.We arrived at the hotel at 11.00am and checked in though our room wasn't ready until after 2pm, so we left our bags with the concierge and headed into London. Admittedly the area is not great however we did not feel threatened at all - but with two youngish children we wouln't feel comfortable walking around after dark. After spending the afternoon in London we returned to the hotel and our room was ready, it was quite big - it said Exceutive Premier on the door so I assumed we had been upgraded - it had a large double bed, a settee bed and also a single bed and still had plenty of room for a desk and two chairs. The room including the large bathroom was very clean, it had an air conditioning unit and all the usual equipment you would expect in a 4* hotel, (hairdryer, trouser press, iron etc). The children headed straight to the swimming pool and which they thought was great.I was a bit worried about breakfast after reading the reviews but again it was faultless. There was plenty of food both &quot;full english&quot; and also continental and although the most of the staff spoke little english we were served well. On Easter Sunday all the children were given an Easter egg which I thought was a nice touch. One word of advice regarding the breakfast - if you arrive after 8.00am it does start to get busy and they do take the queue across to the other block.Overall I was very pleasantly surprised by this hotel and would recommend it to anyone, however I would only return to stay there if it was just with my husband, it is just that bit too far from the tube station when you have children.Please do not be put off by the negative comments and give it a try for yourself.	
Apr 20 2006	Very very poor	My wife and I stayed here on easter night after having seen a show at the Barbican . I have to say that it was not good . Apparently we were upgraded to a superior room , although I find that hard to believe . The room was small , hot and musty. The bathroom was small , the shower didn't work properly , the hairdryer in the bathroom didn't work properly , the 'mini bar' was empty and had mildew inside . The TV didn't work properly either . It wasn't a pleasant experience . Breakfast the next morning was like a ruck , people everywhere , total chaos and the plates and cutlery was dirty too .The only good thing about the hotel is that I got a good deal and it's close to the Barbican centre (though there are closer ones) .	
Apr 18 2006	The Worst Hotel Experience I've Ever Had	Just about everything that could have been wrong with this hotel was. We pre-paid through lastminute and on arrival couildn't be given a double room , only a twin. The lifts don't work adequately - they're slow and stop between floors. The floor we stayed on was being decorated and should have really been closed to the public. The room was small, dated and stank of a mixture of stale smoke and old food. It was a simply awful experience.	
Apr 16 2006 	Just Rubbish - Apart from the Pool	I stayed in the main building and was greeted on arrival by a floor that should not have been open as it is undergoing major refurbishment which is long overdue. There was no wallpaper on any of the corridor walls and the sight when the lift doors opened was just shocking when compared with other floors. My room was well past it's sell by date but as I was staying on business and was aware that the hotel was full I made do for 3 days.A colleague stayed on a different floor and her room seemed ok so just be careful. The pool, sauna and changing room facilities were excellent and the gym looked good but I didn't use this.Breakfast was fine and other food in the hotel ok particularly if you are staying on business and on your own but you're better off getting a taxi into central London where there are plenty of better places to choose from if not.I wouldn't want to walk atound the surrounding area at night - not a great part of London for a tourist to be situated in. I would not through choice stay here again and would not recommend to anyone.	
Apr 12 2006 	Tired and Remote	As my normal choice of hotels was fully booked, I was dismayed to find out I had been booked into the 'Barbican' Thistle especially as I understood it had been taken off of our approved hotel list due to many complaints.However, I have to say I found the staff efficient, friendly and helpful and the bed was extremely comfortable. These are the plus points.Because I had stayed here a few times previously, I knew to ask for a room in the main building rather than the annexe, which was granted. The price my company paid of £135 including breakfast was not cheap and there are better, more convenient hotels in London. The breakfast was good, usual full English and cereals, but the continental choice left much to be desired. I didn't eat there in the evening but thought I would try the Chinese takeaway across the road which was fine, and a sight cheaper!On the downside, as mentioned in other reviews, it is a long way from civilisation but I should dispel a few myths about the area.Having been born and brought up in London, I know it's not the prettiest of areas. This doesn't mean it is particularly unsafe. Clerkenwell (to give the area it's proper name), and Finsbury were where gentry lived in Victorian times. Although the area has been neglected since then, it is still likely to be the next up-and-coming area as it is an easy commute to the City and the West End. There aren't many good restaurants around but go a couple of blocks to Goswell Road or Old Street and it gets better. If you head for Hoxton Square near Old Street, the first signs of regeneration are taking shape. The area has become very fashionable as it has a number of up-market bars, clubs and restaurants and is popular with city workers. It is only a matter of time before it sneaks up on Clerkenwell and improves the place. Bear with it. It really isn't as bad as it looks. However, don't head north towards King's Cross as that is rough.One final note, it is becoming apparent that Thistle Hotels are letting their standards slip as I have stayed in a number of their hotels around the UK and they are all heading for 3 stars rather than 4. They've even sold the flagship hotel at the Tower.	
Apr 5 2006	Not as advertised	I booked a room via British Airways at this hotel and BA advertised it as a 4-star hotel. It definitely isn't. While I knew it was fairly far from any tourist venues I thought it would make up for the distance in being a really superb hotel. I was very disappointed.The hotel has two towers and the first room I was booked into was dark, with a moldy bath, a small television on a spindly tripod and little else. It had peeling paint on the walls, stained ceiling tiles from previous leaks and the hallways leading to the room were so badly cared for I thought I had been booked into a flophouse. I visited the front desk and quietly said that this was advertised by BA as a 4-star hotel and said, in my opinion, it wasn't. The staff were unfailingly courteous throughout my stay and, in this instance, kindly changed my room to one in the main tower which they said was their superior deluxe. It was better, no question, but it still didn't live up to the 4-star rating. The paint was still badly stained and chipped, the wallpaper stained and peeling, stained ceiling tiles and the maid service was extremely spotty. I left tips every day and had to write a list of what I needed (i.e. new soap, enough towels, extra coffee packets, etc.). If I didn't leave a note I didn't get anything except a bed made and one clean towel. I wouldn't recommend this hotel at all. It's too far away from anything a visitor might want to see and involves a lengthy walk to the nearest bus stop or the Barbican Underground station and the hotel does not qualify for any 4-star rating.If you're looking for 4 stars or if you want to be somewhat conveniently close to tourist attractions, then book a different hotel.	
Apr 1 2006	Take each review with a pinch of salt!	I stayed in a standard double room with my boyfriend for one night, last night (31/3/06). I have to say I disagree with the negative views posted below, for the following reasons:1. I paid £69 to stay in a '4*' hotel for one night, amenities include a gym. sauna, steam room and swimming pool, as well as various treatments. There are NO hotels in London with access to such facilities offering rooms for this price2. The price I paid also included a full BUFFET breakfast. which had all English and continental breakfast items, as well as toast! The queue for breakfast was very long, however a member of staff took the queue across to the adjacent building, meaning we did not have to wait, and had the same food. 3. The room fitted the description offered and the pictures on the website. The website does not over hype the standard room, and the picture is accurate. The rooms are a little outdated, particularly deco and tv, but they ARE clean and comfortable4. Although this hotel seemed to be permanently busy, we could hear no external noises. This was great!However, I understand that there is some discrepancy here. Different people come to this hotel for different reasons. Here are some negative points:1. The staff aren't always as helpful as they could be, e.g. we wanted to watch a film, but needed to give credit card details. Went to reception to do this, greeted with a 30 min check in queue, and member of staff who appeared to be doing nothing refused to help saying she had finished her shift...? However, were more helpful via telephone. 2. This hotel I assume mainly caters for suits, who won't need to use the gym facilities, so this is not a perk for everyone. 3. Had to ask for a double room rather than a twin room at check in, even though this was requested during bookingThere are a few facts that i do not perceive as problems with a reason attached. Firstly, the hotel is a 10 minute walk from either Barbican or Old Street station. This is clearly stated by the website and staff - see the map on the website before moaning about proximity. Secondly, I did not come across the second buidling, so I cannot speak for people who happened to be placed there. The hotel itself is fairly nice. Honestly. Thirdly, I agree that the surrounding area is a little grim, but you can avoid walking through by asking for a mini cab or a black cab to the nearest main tube/bus stop to prevent further worry. If you book this hotel via an offer, I recommend you double check that you get Breakfast included, and that you receive the bed type you require. I also recommend printing out a map of the journey from Old Street/Barbican if you are not familiar with London. I hope this is more helpful than some of the other reviews I have read. We quite liked this hotel.	
Apr 1 2006	Isolated location	Despite its name, this hotel is in Islington and not in or near either the City of London or the Barbican Centre. It is located at Central and Lever Streets, two secondary thoroughfares. Somehow, they managed to find a location that was not close to anything of interest to either a tourist or a business traveler. The nearest underground station at Old Street is a 10-15 minute walk when you are unencumbered. The nearest bus stop is a 5-10 minute walk. To make up for this, during the morning and afternoon commute hours they do offer shuttle rides to the tube stations at Barbican, Moorsgate, and Old Street. Unfortunately, there is no shuttle service back to the hotel.There was some initial confusion when I checked in. The room was reserved, but apparently Priceline had not yet paid them for it. This was resolved before I left. They asked me if I wanted to upgrade for an additional £20, which would have moved me to an air-conditioned room (not necessary during cold weather), gotten me a “free” newspaper, and provided access to the health club. I declined. Breakfast was not included with the Priceline price.I requested a non-smoking room. The room I received did not have the “non-smoking” sign that was on the doors of the adjacent rooms, but I did not detect any smell of tobacco smoke.The room was larger than I expected, about 20 sq. m., with two twin beds. It was clean, and the housekeeping staff did a good job of cleaning and making the bed every day.The window looked out onto Central Street, and there was a moderate amount of street noise. Hallway noise could be easily heard, probably through the gap at the bottom of the door. The sound insulation between the rooms was adequate,The bathroom was OK. The sink had separate faucets for hot and cold. Even though a lot of space was allocated for the bathroom, it was poorly laid out, and everything seemed slightly cramped with something in the way whenever I wanted to move or turn around. I have been in smaller hotel bathrooms with better layouts that were just more comfortable to be in. The rooms shared some common plumbing, so some pipe noise could be heard when the water was run in one of the other rooms.I needed to leave at 5am, and I asked the desk clerk to call a cab for me. I suspect that someone at the hotel got a kickback from the gypsy cab that picked me up, since I was charged £12 for the short ride to the underground station at Kings Cross-St. Pancras.Overall, I would say it was OK for the Priceline price of about $75/night ($70 bid plus) for six nights. The hotel rates itself as 4 stars. I would have given it 2.5 –3 stars.	
Mar 31 2006 	Terrible don't waste your money.	When I say terrible, that might be a bit extreme but I really didn't enjoy my stay here. Was on business and got a &quot;cheap&quot; deal for £69. It really wasn't worth that and is a pretty dodgy area. Felt a bit tense walking around as a lone female.Room was nice, clean and I slept very well on the good mattress. Pool was also nice, albeit a bit of a trek to get there. Staff barely speak English. The restaurant was the real let down. Awful, overpriced, overcooked food with grumpy waiters and chef. They obviously don't have a clue how to cook. After I'd paid for my overcooked &quot;carvery buffet&quot; (like eating leather soles) I told them it was awful. Although they brought the chef over to talk to me, they couldn't really justify why it was so bad. I wasn't offered a refund (even though I ate very little) and when I did get a letter to apologise, there was still no offer of any compensation. Avoid this place and their restaurant.	
Mar 29 2006 	Not great....	Never has a hotel divided opinion so much! It is in a fairly ropey area but I felt perfectly safe walking back to the hotel late at night though I wouldn't like the thought of my sister doing the same thing....It is also nowhere near the Barbican....The key to this place is ask when you check in 'to be in the new building' ie where the actual check in as these rooms are the better ones by a long shot. In the older building it is not nearly so pleasant and not to be recommended.Breakfast was fine and plentiful, though you had to walk through a very smokey area to access the breakfast section. Service was good from all members of staff. Overall a reasonable stay but given the choice not somewhere I would stay............	
Mar 18 2006	One step above a flophouse	I had a small, shabby room. No AC or vents- just a radiator and floor fan. No clock radio, box of tissues or even a pen. There was a small room safe, but it wasn't bolted down! Telephone and internet access ridiculously expensive. The neighborhood was just as shabby. The staff was pleasant, sometimes competent, but mostly clueless.	
Mar 12 2006 	nothing special	Stayed here for one night in a single standard cupboard room.Very basic but clean.If I hadn't been staying for work purposes I would have been very dissapointed.It took ages to check in and out!!	
Mar 2 2006	Abysmal	This hotel would be fine for about £50 a night. It is however not that cheap, the room I was given was horrible, the staff barely speak English and the location is poor (and slightly dodgy). Add to the not requested wakeup call at 5am, and I would not recommend.	
Feb 25 2006	IMPORTANT! A true double edged sword!	Well, well, well. I and my girlfriend stayed in this hotel on consecutive weekends. The first weekend was fantastic, the second tragic.The Thistle barbican has 2 buildings. The main building, where the reception desk is, and an old building opposite.The first weekend we stayed at the hotel was great! We were in a room on the 3rd floor in the main building. The room was big, warm, clean, comfortable (especially the large bed) and sound-proof, also, the bathroom was very nice and modern. We had a few drinks at the bar which was also very pleasant.The second weekend was an absolute nightmare! We checked in later than the previous week and were put in a room on the 1st floor of the old building for the same price. The room was very small, VERY old, cold, dirty and the walls were VERY thin and there was a visible gap under the main door?! What a massive step down and disappointment I thought! And there were no vacant rooms in the main building! I can not stress this enough: THE NIGHT I STAYED IN THAT ROOM MARRED WHAT HAD BEEN A GREAT LONG WEEKEND UP TO THAT POINT. We got room service which I must say was very fast and tasty (Scampi) but VERY over priced (£20!).All I can say is that if you can get a confirmed room in the main building; GO! It's a very nice hotel.If you can't PLEASE don't bother! You have absolutely no business paying that money to stay in a room worse than some hostel rooms I've stayed in!They really need to refurbish that old building!!!	
Feb 25 2006	Not bad if you get a cheap deal	I have just returned from a two night stay at the Thistle Barbican and having read previous reviews was somewhat apprehensive about staying there. The location isn't great and it's certainly more than a 10 minute walk from the Barbican.Our room wasn't ready when we checked in at 1pm so we had to wait an hour. Our room was in the building opposite reception - apparently these rooms are the standard rooms. The bathroom although small was clean with enough towels.Overall the room was adequate although the peeling wallpaper under the desk was somewhat off putting.The hair dryer didn't work but following a call to reception was replaced in minutes.Breakfast was average with a reasonable choice.Staff generally were pleasant and helpful. Overall this is definately not a four star hotel and definately not worth the normal rates.It's not bad if you get a cheap deal but I wouldn't be returning.	
Feb 24 2006 	Shabby and in a bad location	I stayed here whilst working in the City for 2 nights. The location is poor, it is £8-£10 for a taxi into the city each morning. I had booked a double room, and pre-paid for it, but on checking in was told that they had no standard doubles available (it was before 5pm!) so I was given a twin room. The room was shabby, the bathroom was tiny and smelt musty - the sort of bathroom where you will take a shower but not a bath. The mattress was very old and had no spring left. I ordered an alarm call for both days but of course didn't get the second one, luckily I had already sussed out what kind of hotel it was and set my phone alarm. The standard of the room you get may depend on which side of the hotel you're in - I got to see the nicer side when searching for my room as the check-in clerk didn't tell me that I was across the road. Only good things- the concierge and the pool/gym staff were very helpful.	
Feb 20 2006	absolutely fine	me and my girlfriend stayed in the barbican from friday till sunday.when we got their we were to early so the staff said we could leave our bags everything would be fine like it was. we first went to madame tussauds and asked before we went the best form of transport.we got the bus the 205 took us outside there and 5 mins from oxford street. i ahve read in earlier reviews the staff are unfriendly i cant understand this at all.they helped all the time especially a small guy called benji.what some of these snobs dont accounnt for before writing about them is that they work for peanuts and get treat like idiots by ppl who think their better than they are.the area i agree isnt the nicest and wouldnt recommend goin and getting the bus on a nite.but just get a taxi to the west end it will be £10 nothing really considering thats missen all the bus/tube stop offs.rooms were lovely, sauna,steam room,jacuzzi and pool were great and the breakfast was outstanding.if you what something more central u will pay a couple of hundred pound more, its fine trust me.	
Feb 18 2006	Terrible	I stayed at this hotel for one night and it was one night too many. The customer service in the hotel is practically non existent and how the hotel managed to obtain a 4 star rating I have no idea. Staff were rude and unhelpful. Would not stay in this hotel ever again even if they paid me.	
Feb 9 2006	Outstanding!	My fiancé and I went there last weekend and we had an absolute fantastic service throughout. The staffs were friendly and helpful. The facilities, including the room, were outstanding, clean and beyond all expectations, after having read the other reviews. I have paid much more for a lot less in the past! The area is not as rough as some people make it sound like (it is in London for crying out loud!). If you don't wish to meet any Londoners (and yes, that means second generation too!) don't go to London! I would definitely recommend the hotel, and will definitely go there again.	
Jan 31 2006	Fobbed off	Myself and my partner booked a room through Lastminute.com. We booked a 4* room with double bed and breakfast. We arrived at the hotel after walking through the council estate and greeted by a foreign receptionist who told us that we could only have a double bed if we paid the 20 quid upgrade fee! We showed her our booking confirmation that said 'Double bed' and she said that we could only have a basic single for the price we had paid. We decided just to take the single beds as we were only there for 1 night. In the morning we went for our English Breakfast but we noticed that out tickets only said Continental so we could only have the cold food. That was ok for me as I don't eat cooked breakfast but my partner does so once again we were fobbed off. The room we were given was only set up for 1 person with 1 set of shampoos and stuff and 1 set of towels, 1 packet of biscuits etc, so we were definately fobbed off for booking through a travel agent. We could have booked a hotel in Kensington for the same price and we wish we had!	
Jan 25 2006	great break	The Thistle City Barbican provided a great location for our recent break.The Hotel is about a 10 minute walk away from the tube although the Hotel offer a shuttle bus at busy times back.I am realy surprised by the comments about the location, its certainly not the best part of London but far from the worst, I did not feel unsafe walking to and from Old Street at night.The bedrooms are pretty good, certainly worth the £20 upgrade for the main building.The Leisure Centre is great, a real gem for London. There is a a sauna and steam room as well as the pool.All in all the Hotel was great value for money and the staff were very friendly!	
Jan 2 2006	welcome to beirut	The hotel is in the middle of a large and nasty Islington council estate. This is not a good area of London to be in and as the tube station is ten minutes walk away you will need bravery and a sense of adventure just to reach the hotel! This goes particularly at night. Other guests followed a similar approach to us while risking a trip out of the hotel ie keep your head down and walk fast. If you reach the hotel safely you may wish you hadn't. It took 30 minutes to check in. The room had one towel for the two of us (after you dear I don't mind going second). At breakfast it takes so long for coffee to arrive you will get the impression they are off to collect the beans personally from South America. Reception staff aren't familiar with how to set up a room key card yet so ours locked us out of the room after one day when we were staying for two. Then there is the invisible room service which is supposed to be open til 2am. One night we tried to order some food at 9pm. We ring them but as usual they don't answer. We try reception but they don't answer either. We ring the hotel externally on mobile phone after about ten minutes they answer. We explain we are actually in the hotel but could only get to speak to someone by ringing externally and that we want to order some food. They tell us the chefs gone home early but we can have a sandwich! Gee thanks guys.On the plus side the swimming pool and health club were nice and our room was also good and nicely presented.	
Dec 29 2005	Excellent all rounder	I booked a cheap night at the Barbican on Lastminute to celebrate my boyfreind's birthday in November. I got an excellent deal compared with the actual hotel rate and was therefore slightly anxious that we might be shoved into a broom cupboard!When we arrived we were too early to book in but were able to leave our bags safely with the concierge and wonder off for a while which we did. We returned later that afternoon, checked in without any problems, and went up to our room. When we found our room our key card did not work so my boyfriend trundled off back down to reception to get a different one which, when he returned, got us straight into the room. Apparently sometimes the keys are not programmed correctly. Our room was lovely. Not too big, but totally adequate for what we needed. It was tidy, clean, included tea and coffee making stuff, and the bed was very comfortable. Our room was on the corner of the building and so had two very large windows which made it very light. The bathroom was also very nice (marbles and tiles) and had a GREAT shower. The breakfast was brilliant - I think we spent about an hour going back and forth to the buffet, and this really set us up for the day. The staff were very helpful and friendly, especially the concierge. I was disappointed that I did not book this hotel for two nights and would definitely stay here again. The only down side was the fact that the walk to the nearest tube (Old Street) was through some fairly dark streets which I would not have felt comfortable taking if I had not been with my man.If booking again I would specifically request a room on the corner to get the light and airy feel which our room had.	
Dec 20 2005	Mr Parker	I ahve to say I was more than a little nearvous about staying here, but I got a great deal so why not.Checked in and got a nice surprise as the service was quick and friendly, the room was large and very clean.The restaurant served a very nice dinner and at breakfast there was a very nice choice on the buffet.The location is great so 10/10I asked one of the staff why this hotel had such a poor reputation and was told that a new Manager Mr Parker had started in Novemeber and had started to make a real difference!So don't be put off by the reviews give it a try things are certainly improving.	
Dec 11 2005	Thoroughly enjoyed my stay at this Thistle Hotel!	I stayed at this hotel on the weekend of 2-4th December 2005. There were 4 of us staying in two twin rooms. On arrival we were greeted by friendly and helpful staff at the Reception area. We were assigned neighbouring rooms (as we had asked)in the other building. The hotel is situated within a ten minute walk of both Barbican and Old St tube stations. It is however in a pretty residential area. Our rooms were clean and surprisingly big. My friend and I were given the better room. It had a large sofa in it and a fan! (This became apparent later) The bathroom was typical of what you find in most inner city hotels - small but perfectly formed.Breakfast was good and was included in the price - buffet style. Large choice of cereals, fruit, pastries and cooked breakfast option. Tea and coffee was served at your table and the restaurant staff were very attentive.The bar in the main building, while expensive, served some very good food and drinks. It has a really nice atmosphere and is not at all like many other hotel bars I have been in. We also made good use of the swimming pool and sauna which were both lovely.The only real complaint I had about the hotel was the heat in our room. We were so glad of the fan on the first night in particular. I would stay at this hotel again.A special mention to the Conscierge who were all excellent - they went out of their way to give as much information as they possibly could.	
Dec 4 2005	4 star.....30 years ago maybe!	I stayed here with my boyfriend for 1 night after booking via lastminute - we paid £65 B&amp;B, bargain we thought for a 4 star hotel in London - we should should had known that you get what you pay for! The hotel was a complete let down, first of all when I went to check in while my partner attempted to park the car, I was told that we couldnt have the double room we had booked but instead had to make do with a twin as they were fully booked. Unsatisfied with this my partner came back into the hotel, spoke to a different person at the front desk and was asked if we would prefer a twin or double! So we got the double we booked in the first place on attempt number two. Meanwhile we were told that the hotel car park was fully booked and we would need to park at the NCP 10 minutes walk down the road and which was £5 more expensive per day - needless to say I recommend that if you have to stay here you should pre-book your parkeing if possible. We ended up parking on a street next to the hotel which was free from 1.30 pm on the sat to Monday morn - so we actually ended up saving money but we were lucky to find a space and I didnt feel too happy about leaving it on the street. This brings me onto the location, its about 10 mins walk to the tube which is Ok but the area is not very desirable, especially at night - so just like you would need to anywhere - take the necessary precautions. So...the room - its was too small, dark and very dated. There were scuff marks and paint chipped from the walls. The bathroom smelt musty and was tiny - only just room to sit on the loo! The loo didnt seem to fully flush, maybe due to an attempt from the hotel to save water. Breakfast was average but not much choice and the waiter service was very poor, we had almost finished breakfast by the time we were asked if we would like tea/coffee!Needless to say it was a bed for the night and nothing more and I think the only reason I am so dissappointed is that I have stayed in much much nicer 3 star B&amp;Bs, with 4 stars my expectations are much higher - couldnt wait to get out of there.	
Nov 19 2005 	Very Poor Hotel	The main problem with this hotel is not the property itself, but rather the operations and staff. The worst things that happened to me were:- When I tried to call the front desk, conceirge and room service the phone would just ring and ring (this frustratingly happened throughout the whole week that I stayed.) - My wake-up call was 45 minutes late two of the mornings. - The staff are surprisingly rude, espcially the concerige who seemed irritated that they had to assist you! - It is in a very remote location which made eating and transportation very tedious. - Some days you have hot water, other days there was none.- You can hear everything your neighbour is doing...Overall, it is just a really poorly run hotel which will likely make your stay unpleasant. I would recommend not staying at this hotel, no matter how low their prices go.	
Nov 17 2005 	Pathetic excuse for a hotel	I have been to London dozens of times and this is by far the worst hotel experience I have ever had in the city. Rated on their website as being a 4 star the Thistle Barbican shouldn't even have one star. 2 star hotels near Paddington and Bayswater are a way better deal. The customer service was pathetic. The people were rude, not helpful and unable to even patch a simple phone call through to my room properly. In fact they harassed the caller. The walls were paper thin, little or no hot water, the mattress was clearly over 20 years old. The hotel is in a bad part of town and one must walk at least 10 minutes to the nearest tube station, not safe to do so at night. Their website states that they have a bus that drops and picks you up at the tube station every 10 minutes, when in fact it is every 20 minutes and only at certain times of day-only drop off no pick up. There are not many restaurants around the hotel nor is there much else. This hotel is a total rip job and will not leave you in high spirits. Stay elsewhere!	
Nov 10 2005	Clean and comfortable....	First time at this hotel...I got a deal on last minute for £59 for a twin room with full english, which was actually a great price for London standards..Rooms were clean and comfortable (liked the idea of a mini ironing board!) Had some confusion in the restaurant on my first night as paid for a 3 course meal package which included a glass of wine - I asked the waitress what the wine options were as part of the package - when the bill came they tried to charge me extra for the wine..waitress was nowhere to be seen but we managed to get this resolved (albeit we had a few communication problems with the foreign waitressing staff !) They were however very polite.Have to say I did not sleep well atall during my stay because of traffic noise.Breakfast was buffet style and very enjoyable - food was regularly replenished and the staff were very efficient..All in all... not bad for £59!	
Oct 24 2005	Excellent Value	The poor reports about this Hotel are totally unfabricated.Its really nice hotel and the Hotel Staff are really friendly Would recommend this place to anyone and everyone. 5 mins from Tube station and as for the intimidating buildings. you are in the4 middle og a big city ffs. What do expect Thatched Cottages	
Oct 3 2005 	Wolf in sheeps clothing	I ended up staying here after being bumped from the Thisltle Euston (that's another story!), I was put in a cab and taxi'ed across town to the City Barbican. On arriving, the modern reception area was an impressive sight.The queue at reception was terrible taking at least 30 minutes to check-in, the poor english and knowledge of the check-in staff didn't help things. While standing in the queue I witnessed many people complaining about the state of their rooms in the older block opposite the main block, and one guy complained to reception about a stranger opening his door expecting to move into that room!Once I had checked-in I went up to the room, because of the inconvenience of having to move hotels I'd been allocated an upgrade. It was a twin room fairly small but standard for London, there was a ceiling fan but no air conditionning, everything was clean however and as the room overlooked a side street adjoining a telephone exchange all was quiet.The next morning, breakfast was a farce! There was a queue that took about 15 minutes to clear following which I was shown to a table which hadn't been set. After waiting at the table for about 10 minutes (time was ticking for me to get to my meeting) the table still hadn't been set and I hadn't ordered any coffee so I went to brave the hot buffet. This was average to verging on poor, the bacon was fatty and most of the items were luke-warm, returning to my table there was still no cutlery so I ended up getting some myself from the servers corner. I had to ask 3 times for some coffee after which I was presented with a mug of lukewarm treacle.It's designed to be easy access to the barbican centre and to the 'city' however want to go beyond there and you are stuck with the busses from nearby islington or a fairly long walk to old street tube.I wouldn't stay there again as a matter of choice	
Sep 27 2005 	Mediocre hotel despite staff effort	This hotel struggles, and mostly fails to provide an acceptable level of service. While in general it is survivable, I stayed there only because of proximity to my business office.Examples of ineptness: they moved my belongings from one room to another, but forgot to take all of them. Remaining clothing returned from lost property, all scrunched up in a plastic bag, not even hung up. Bathroom fan malfunctioned - stayed on all the time, nobody available in the evenng to fix it - resulting in a sleepless night. Called room service at 11pm for coffee - advised that I had a coffemaker in the room and I should use that. Wanted food also, but got tired of working on the room service folk. Restaurant pretty good - I had a few good dinners - but don't expect to find cups/drinking glasses etc replenished at rush hour. Byzantine TV control, no telephone oeprating instructions, no phone book, lighting switches not labeled and require much experimentation.Guest services staff tried, but the odds against them are just too great.	
Sep 12 2005 	Poor rooms	The hotel has two buildings; unfortunetly I was in the building across from the reception/restaurant area. I was informed that the rooms in the main building are much nicer?? My room was small, dingy and hot. No A/C but it had a fan..otherwise the heat would have been unbearable. The room was clean enough but the decor and furnishings had not been updated for many years. Had I been staying longer than 3 nights I would have checked out after seeing the room. The hotel is not in a great area either however it suited my business needs. Not for the tourist.	
Aug 29 2005	Great location (good transport links) area safe nice health club	- The address of this hotel claims it is Clerkenwell. It is not. It is very close though (it's deliberately misleading)- The surround area looks awful. However, it is in a very good location - very central with excellent transport links. Just for 30 seconds to City Road, where you can get virutally any bus to Angel tube station (takes 3 mins by bus). From there you can go anywhere, pretty fast. Angel is great for shoppping, bars etc.(Angel has a Marks and Spencer, Sainsburys, Toni &amp; Guy, Nandos... everything. From Angel there are LOADS of buses going to Oxford Street etc.)- The extremely frequent bus 214 goes to Liverpool Street. It doesn't take very long...- After dark, yes, the area is quite dangerous. It is not far from Old Street, on the border of Hackney and Islington. But during the day you are perfectly safe.- The reception area of this hotel is really beautiful/posh . The health club is fairly good as well - jacuzzi, free towel to use, friendly staff etc. There are some very cheap rates for this hotel on the weekends. The reason is simple. Most people only come to the City to work during the week (investment banker types) so it is quiet. This hotel is pretty good. Just remember when the surrounding buildings that appear dodgy are actually worth a lot because of the location. (central London - Zone 1) . Remember during daylight areas, it is very safe (but still - be sensible - don't walk around with your ipod hanging out). Excellent tranpsort links - very close to Kings Cross, Liverpool Street (cheap if you bus an Oyster Card...) JUST REMEMBER TO WALK TOWARDS CITY ROAD (main road) where there are loads of buses to Angel. It can be dodgy in other directions.Oh and I think there's free WIFI in the bar/restaurant so you can surf the net for free in your laptop.Remember - the hotel is just somewhere for you to sleep. If you want to go out and have fun in London, go for this place.So in conclusion, I think this IS a pretty good hotel. If you are lucky to get a cheap rate - go for it.Oh.. and one last thing... if I'm honest... sometimes the staff seem a little grouchy but that was just my experience on the day I was there.	
Aug 24 2005	Pleasant stay	We stayed at the Thistle City Barbican for four nights and were welcomed by a very friendly staff. The room was small but clean, all appliances were functioning (tv, hairdryer, shower etc) The Breakfastbuffet is good with quite a wide variety, for extra 6GBP you have the possibility to upgrade from a continental to a traditional british breakfast. The Hotel pub is very comfortable and the prices for drinks reasonable. Free newspapers are available at the reception every morning. The Thistle City Barbican is approx. 10-15min footwalk away from the Tubestations and roughly 5-10 mins from the next Busstation. The Thistle offers a free shuttlebus to three Tubestations mondays thru fridays by a very friendly driver. A Taxiride to the Liverpool Street Station costs you roughly 5GBP and takes you 5-10mins. The surrounding area is rather quiet, no shops, restaurants etc. We explored the surrounding pubs and found them to be quite good. I find the Thistle City Barbican to be a good bargain and would return anytime.	
Jul 14 2005	Nice hotel but not in the best location	We ended up staying at the Thistle Barbican on the weekend of Live8 as our hotel at Hyde Park had over booked!I thought the hotel was great - friendly staff, clean rooms, air conditioning definitely worked, good breakfasts etc.The area is not the best to be walking around in - but then there really is not much to see around the hotel so you would probably just hop in a taxi or the tube to go see the sights etc . Although I would have thought there would have been some restaurants/bars - couldn't find any I would want to go inside!The only 'problem' we had whilst we were staying was that the shower had come away from the wall but it still worked.It was a nice place to stay. I cannot comment on the price as we got a good deal for the hotel we were supposed to be staying at in Hyde Park...don't know what the Thistle charge.Have a nice stay.	
Jul 14 2005 	Disaster hotel	I was much misfortunate to stay at this hotel in early July.The worst hotel I ever stayed in!!First, on entering the room I discovered it has high-speed Internet access but no hot water!! The hotel managers seemingly truly believe that ---- is much more basic need than hot water with that hot summer in Londodn! When I asked at the reception they retorted me that I am just stupid and do not know how to sue hot water unit. After my pressure, by the evening, some lukewarm water appeared at the washing but no water at all was in the bath tube. So, until the end of my stay I had not chance to take a bath and had problems with shaving using what they believe to be hot, but in my view - barely warm water.Second, the hotel provides no breakfast but does not inform about this in advance.Third,walls are thin as paper and you can hear every move in the rooms next, above and below you. When chambermaids come in the morning at 6.30 a.m. you hear thei every move in the corridors.Fourth, the reception does not bother to answer calls from rooms and to wake one up though I asked insistently. One night I woke up and discovered that someone is trying to open my door. Itwas a German couple who were told by the reception that the romm is vacant.Fith, there is lot of paper carbage on the table in the room but no essential things, for instance, like hotel telephone directory.	
Jul 4 2005	stayed here for live 8	I stayed here for 2 nights for the live 8 concert and although i agree the hotel is not in a prime location i found all the staff to be friendly and very welcoming.The room was small but clean and the food was average, all in all a hotel i would use again	
Jun 18 2005 	Not good value	Stayed here on business for 2 nights. Problem on check in as the receptionist, whose English was not good, neglected to tell me that my room was in the annex across the road, so I spent around 10 minutes trying to find a non existent room.The annex was not very well appointed, I had problems with the key card not working, and it was fairly small even by London standards. Toiletries were nothing to write home about - Dove shower gel in a dispenser on the wall (who would want to take away that?).Dining was OK, but parts of the breakfast were cold because of the way you have to queue up for eggs and watch as they are prepared - whilst everything on your plate is getting cold.Lots of the housekeeping staff could not speak English at all, which made for interesting results. Area is very down at heel and you would not want to wander around at night.	
May 24 2005	No complaints...	Stayed here for a weekend away with the girls and it will definitely be a hotel i recommend to others, the staff were friendly and the rooms were clean and comfortable...it's only about 5- 10 mins from centre of city in a cab and the prices were good, i recommend the full english breakfast as this was the cure for most of our hangovers!...we had a nice stay and will be back, the bar wasn't too bad either...	
May 24 2005	A suprising treat!	After reading some of the reviews about the Thistle Barbican, it seems there are far more fictional writers out there then i first thought.On arrival at the hotel we checked in with perfect ease and were shown to our rooms, which as a 4* star hotel represented exactly what we expected; clean, neat and comfortable. The pampering facilities were a much welcomed retareat and we readily took advantage of the luxurious swimming pool. The food satisfied and the staff were all extremely helpful in assisting any request we had. I found the hotel pleasing, accomodating and the perfect place to stay when visiting London.	
Apr 21 2005	Wipe yer feet on the way out!!	First night of our stay, climbed into bed to find wet sheets. Removing the sheets from the matress revealed a large urine stain. Manager wasn't too interested and we slept the first night on the sofa bed. The next night we went to check the bed only to find the matress had been dried ( not cleaned ) and replaced on the bed. Again the manager was not interested. We were moved to a different room ( where we were assured by the customer liason manger, he had personally checked the bed ). On our arrival we asked for the bed to be stripped so we could check it. This revealed a blood stained matress protector.Wipe yer feet on the way out!!	
Apr 21 2005 	Stay Away - My Credit Card Was Cloned Here!	Where to start!I stayed for 5 days (business trip) otherwise I would've moved on from this dump. I used my credit card to pay for the bill and it had NEVER been used in the past 10 months and kept under lock and key at home. I did not use my credit card for anything else during the trip and was always on my person. I recieved a reciept from another hotel (£85.00) shortly after my stay in London. I called the security manager to inform him that there was a problem with the staff cloning my credit card - I was told that I was the problem! At this point I informed him that I was cancelling my 2 other business trips to the hotel and my company would never use the hotel again. Rude man.Problems with the room.Dirty curtains and filthy windows (that wouldn't open properly), aircon that never got below 16C (the room was very hot), the shower unit was broken and hanging off the wall, the sink was partially blocked the bedspread was a tiny piece of material that was slightly larger than an average sleeping bag - fairly useless and finaly, did the staff care - no they speak very poor English and I expect they are very badly paid. Not forgetting finding rubbish from other rooms left in my room by the cleaners! Did I mention that the room keys (cards) that I had to change on 3 occasions after I could not access my room. Did I mention the convention being held in the hotel for 58 people - the hotel had double-booked their rooms and they were told to find their own rooms elsewhere in London! Against my better judgement, my wife was in London on business and stayed the night with me, the staff took 45 mins to check her in at the desk...The hotel was grubby, the foot over priced and greasy and the location, filthy, dangerous and it's not safe outside at night.	
Apr 20 2005 	Pretty bad	I had to stay there for business purposes (5 days) but will never return. Major problems included virtually no way to park a car within a mile (was told to park under the Barbican Centre for US$4 per hour 24 hrs/day, a very long walk with a suitcase), very high prices for mediocre accomodation, not able to get copies made(!), unhelpful staff with poor English, hotel surrounded by cheap smelly take aways, located within the London Congestion Charge Zone (Another $10/day). Only good points were closeness to city financial and law offices, and the excellent &amp; courteous room service. I felt totally ripped off by the whole experience.	
Mar 15 2005	Not a good example of a 4 star hotel	Stayed one night on business - 7 March 2004.Having read previous reviews of this hotel on Trip Advisor requested single room at check-in within new block (as reports of rooms in old block were poor).Annoyingly on check-in Thistle Hotels try and peruade you to pay an additional £20 to upgrade your room (rather similar approach to McDonalds) as business was paying I declined their offer. Unfortunately as there is only one single room in the new block I was allocated a room in the old block.The old block is opposite the main building and has an unmanned foyer/reception - the upper hallways were tatty with chipped paint and marked wallpaper.The bedroom was on the first floor beside the traffic lights on a main road - as the room had no double glazing it was noisy and felt shabby.I returned to the reception and was then allocated another room in the old block facing an internal courtyard - this was even shabbier than the first and smelt stale.Once again I trailed back to reception and was finally given a twin room in the new block for the same price - unfortunately had to accept a smoking room but luckily did not smell to bad!.The room in the new block was much nicer than those I had seen in the old block and the corriders/hallways were in much better condition.Breakfast was ok - usual self service affair and check-out was quick and straightfoward.On the plus the Receptionist that dealt with me at check-in should win a customer service award - she remained patient and upbeat through my many trips to the reception desk and even checked how I was when she saw me and my colleagues in the restaurant.	
Mar 13 2005 	Not as badas they say!	I agree that the hotel isn't in agreat location but I had a conference at the barbican the next day so it was handy for that! I had my car with me and managed to get a space out the front (£20 and night) the concerge was very helpful. Check in took some time! 1 lift was broken but my room on the 3rd floor was small but clean and well presented - ideal for my stay. I ordered room service whihc arrived promptly and was of good quality. Check out took forever!I wouldn't stay here socially but for business it was fine :-)...pricey though.	
Mar 5 2005 	Give this one a miss	I stayed at this hotel and vowed never to return. The hotel itself is in a very run down part of London and personally I did not feel at all safe here. The hotel is quite close to the Barbican but is also surrounded by run-down council housing estates (the UK equivalent of the projects). I cannot imagine why anyone would want to visit this part of London and if they did I don't imagine that they would want to come back. If you have to stay in this area, the Jurys Hotel in Islington is at least a high street location. I stayed in this hotel on business and was appalled with the poor standard of accommodation. The hotel is in two halves - the main hotel and annexe. The rooms in the main hotel are not too bad (I saw a colleague's room) and at least have air conditioning. The rooms in the annexe are small and very dirty. The room I stayed in had a window that would not open and no air conditioning. The room was dirty and smelled of stale tobacco (even though it was supposed to be a non smoking room). I will never stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 2 2005 	Never again	Where to start?!Stayed here on business, first room i was shown to was tiny and the corridor stank of sewage! I was promptly moved to the other newer building and upgraded which was a definite improvement size wise but in no other way.The hotel bar was extortionate even by hotel standards and the food was appalling in the bar. Breakfast was ok but for £15 a go?!!! If the company hadn't been paying i wouldn't have bothered. The location is dreadful, not even with a male colleague would i venture out at night. There are no local eateries so you have to go to the awful bar or starve. Even walking through the high rise council estate to get to my office was a scary journey in daylight. There's a kareoke bar round the corner that had about 3 people in it - not particularly inviting (i looked through the window from the other side of the road...)I had to leave early due to family crisis and when i got home i found i'd left my toothbrush charger behind and asked my colleague to get it for me.He was told that it wasn't there but further investigations lead to him being accused of lying and he made them show him the room I'd been in with a memeber of staff, what was on the side? My charger. Broken.DO NOT STAY HERE!!!	
Jan 27 2005	Terrible!	This hotel is truly awful. I stayed here for one week (!) on business and will never stay here again. I was put in the old building for my first night, even though I had twice verified over the phone that I was to have a room in the new building. The old building is like something from the 1950's. Awful. Old, cold, depressing. The new building (6th floor) wasn't much better. It was a truly terrible experience, and I will never stay here again. The area is also very run down and I would imagine quite scary at night to walk to the Old Street tube stop. I have nothing positive to say about this hotel.	
Dec 10 2004	Thistle City Ghetto	Forget it! This hotel is in Clerkenwell, a truely grotty part of London and should be renamed the Thistle City Ghetto. You could starve to death in the effort to find anywhere nearby to eat outside the hotel. We started our stay in the old part of the hotel on a lastminute.com £70 special which lasted 5 seconds as it was tatty beyond belief. We then moved to the new half of the hotel (after a complimentary upgrade) and 3 rooms later couldn't find one any cleaner than the first. We eventually gave up as we had a party to go to. The stay was topped of nicely by a fire evacuation at 6.30am the next morning which was, it transpired, a real fire in a guest room on the floor above us. Lovely. Outside in the cold in a grubby street of London where we experienced the highlight of our stay - a man with a sense of humour whistling the theme tune from The Great Escape. We missed breakfast as they forgot to tell us it was rescheduled due to the fire. We made our great escape as fast as possible.	
Dec 9 2004	Grim.	This hotel is in a terrible location - surrounded by what look to be council flats, and not a safe area at all. Nothing within walking distance (not that you would want to walk anywhere!), it's not even in the Barbican area! (I should have got the hint when the website said that the company provides a shuttle bus to the nearest tube stations - i.e. they are all miles away!)The room was really grotty - loads of big black marks over the walls, very very dated decor and funiture. Carpet felt really grubby to walk on and obviously had not been hoovered. Also there were lots of 'bodily hairs' in the bath as it hadn't been cleaned properly.Felt very unsafe - no proper lock on the door and lots of noise.Food was REVOLTING! I felt like being healthy and ordered a chicken stir fry - it was absolutely swimming in grease. Revolting - even tho I was starving I could hardly eat any of it. Breakfast no better - firstly they had 'overlooked my order' and I got it 40 mins late and it was a paltry selection of croissants and toast.I checked out in disgust after one night (was supposed to be staying for two but couldn't bear it!)	
Nov 29 2004	Never again.	My poky single room in the old 3-star building lacked even one drawer, and the cupboard was tiny. The bath/shower hot tap didn't move from scalding. On my last day, returning from the usual very disorganised, messy breakfast room (always running short of cups, coffee etc), I found my room door wide open, with my bag in full view of anyone passing. The concierge people were surly; I spent my first night awake, nauseous after being served an omelette like a piece of insole in the noisy smoky bar. (After a 12-hour coach trip, with my last meal at lunch-time, I was told the restaurant couldn't take me till 9.30).The location is drab and the walk to Old St tube not one that any lone female would be happy to take at any time of day. I had two hefty taxi bills that weekend, and learned my lesson: pay more, stay centrally and save in the long run.	
Oct 25 2004	hotel with two faces	I stayed in a single room okt '04. They didn't have one in the new building so I had to stay in the old one. It was a really tiny room and it was a little bit smelly. The window was making noise because of the wind. Breakfast (continental, served in the old building) was very basic and the room had no style at all. The fitness/ healthcentre was good for hotelstandards. Location was poor, it really takes to long to travel to the main shops. They are supposed to be a 4 star hotel but it's just a normal 3 star. The girl at the reception told me she had a lot of complains about the old building. If you are loking for a hotel with style go to the Landmark you pay more but it's worth the money.	
Sep 27 2004	Tatty room good public areas	As an ex-Londoner, I was looking forward to spending some time in my hometown for a few days on business. The hotel public areas are very nice and the staff friendly, but the area is awful. Whatever you do, get there in daylight, as walking to this hotel from the tube was an experience I would never like to repeat. Or if you want to get the courtesy bus from Old Street, check where it stops as there are 8 exits.I was upgraded to a superior room and thought yippee, I need not have bothered. The furniture was tatty and there were some awful stains on the bed throw/pillows. My room was also next to the service lift, so the noises at midnight were not appreciated.	
Sep 15 2004	Ouch! very very bad experience	On the second night my partner (small, female) closed the window to shut out the noise of hotel machinery. The window disintegrated, showering her with glass. I called an emergency number within the hotle and was told 'windows don't just break'. I went to reception and demanded to speak to the duty manager, and was told 'shut up or you'll be kicked out'. On getting to our room, one of their security people told my partner to 'take off all your clothes and get in the shower'. Our complaints the next day were met with disbelief and borderline accusation, the window having been hastily repaired. Written complaints were greeted with similar disbelief and claims of witness statements to my physical violence! (I had raised my voice, NOT my hands!). I would advise anyone, for their own safety, never to stay at this hotel	
Sep 9 2004 	Book a room in the new wing for great value London	I stayed at this hotel for a saturady night in a single room - when you usually end up spending a fortune. After reading trip advisor I contacted the hotel and specifically requested a room in the new wing of the hotel and it was great. Only a small single room but clean, tidy and with everything I needed - and with the swimming pool jacuzzi and sauna what more could you ask for at £38?	
Aug 3 2004	Very nice hotel for sightseeing visit	We booked this hotel last minute and was not sure what to expect after reading some of the other views. What a nice surprise. Very clean hotel lovely room with air con, friendly staff esp in the bar! Nice pool although a little smaller than the picture(wide angle lens trick!). Barbican and Old street tubes about 7 mins walk(old street nicer walk).For London break you cant go to far wrong with this hotel. Thislte Tower a better bet if your not so fit and can afford the extra price.	
Jun 11 2004	Very good		
Apr 22 2004	Typical British Chain Hotel		
Apr 7 2004	Be aware of the cheap price		
Feb 20 2004	Okay for One Night		
Jan 26 2004	Awful		
Jan 19 2004	Excellent		
Nov 24 2003	Please be carefull on booking a room in this hotel		
Oct 14 2003	Great hotel but a bit far away from the centre!		
May 26 2003	Fine hotel		
Jan 4 2003	Proceed with caution		
Nov 23 2009 	Surbooking scandaleux		
Oct 26 2009 	??????????		
Oct 7 2009 	Hotel Bello in Zona non bella		
Aug 19 2009	pulito e confortevole		
Aug 5 2009 	Bon rapport qualité/prix		
Jul 27 2009 	Muy buen desayuno		
May 10 2009	A éviter absolument		
May 8 2009 	hotel moyen mais bon rapport qualité prix		
Apr 30 2009 	albergo confortevole		
Apr 28 2009 	moyen		
Apr 26 2009	Gute Adresse gute Leistung		
Aug 19 2008 	Bello e accogliente ma un po' distante dalla metropolitana.		
Dec 30 2007	Posizione scomoda per i mezzi di trasporto		
Aug 31 2007 	Absolut in Ordnung		
Apr 8 2007 	Naja - nicht unbedingt nochmal!		
Feb 11 2007	bof...		
