	Great Hotel	My husband and two teenagers stayed at the Hilton Islington from November 20-26. We arrived at the hotel at 10:00 a.m. and our rooms weren't ready until after 1:00 p.m. but the hotel staff did everything possible to make us feel comfortable. We reserved a double room for me and my husband and a twin room for the kids. Our son came over from Swansea and stayed in the twin room and the kids weren't crowded. Both rooms were very clean and there was plenty of room to get around. We had questions every day for the concierge and they were very helpful.	
Oct 12 2009 	Good location good room good staff	Stayed in this hotel for a weekend as we'd come up for a friends wedding. We got there early but they found us a room we could go to straight away. The room was a reasonable size, not huge but not too crowded either. Bathroom was a good size and the bed was comfy. Situated on Upper Street, a five minute walk from Angel Tubse station, it really is in a good location.Breakfast is a buffet affair but there is almost everything you could want. Breads, cereals, pastries, full english. The coffee was weak and it was a little chaotic but they didn't rush us which was nice.They even let us check out late and didn't charge us for the priveledge, always worth an ask!I'd go back to this hotel but definitely worth looking for special offers, its not cheap!	
Oct 2 2009 	had higher expections	stayed at hilton back in march (only getting around to my reviews now). from what i remember, the OH booked on hotwire and we got a good deal.While the lobby, bar, leisure etc are all fantastic, we felt the rooms were a bit shabby...ours smelled of past smokers..which is a pet hate of mine. Also, housekeeping kept trying to come into our room every morning, despite the do not disturb sign on the door..another pet hate.Location was good - we knew where it was. Would recommend it if you get a &quot;deal&quot; but dont think id book at the rates on hiltons own site.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great Hotel	I have read the reviews before I traveled and thought is it possible. It's too good to be true, but after being there I agree with every word. The rooms are nice the service is good, breakfast is good and you get a good value for your money.	
Sep 13 2009 	One of the best	Before I start,I have to say I love chain hotels.I have travelled to London on business every few weeks for the last 5 years and stayed in most of the Hilton hotels.I do not need the luxury 5 star which are often disappointing and generally find that good four star hotels are better.I have no idea why this hotel was not on my radar as I am always on the lookout for a good deal.Yes this hotel is modern,but you get more space for your money than most in London.Staff were exceptionally kind,I have never been in any hotel anywhere in the world where the staff smiled so much,a credit to the Manager who should be suitably rewarded.I had the basic room which was large for London,at the rear of the hotel which made it exceptionally quiet for central London and could not complain about a thing.Breakfast was the usual Hilton good quality but Pawel ran it with outstanding efficiency,I wish I could employ him in my company.For our visitors I just want to add,Islington is seriously cool and highly fashionable in London.There are loads of restaurants and bars in the area and it is 'the place' to see and be seen in London,so would probably suit the younger crowd.The whole hotel was immaculate and staff just fabulous,I will book again.	
Sep 8 2009 	Excellent clean efficient hotel in a brilliant location!	I stayed at the Hilton Islington with my girlfriend for a few days at the beginning of September. The staff in the hotel were brilliant, super friendly and knowledgable as they recommended a brillitan chinese restaurant just up the street. The hotel is situated on upper street with plenty of restaurants, bars, shops and cafes if you dont fancy taking a tube/taxi on an evening. We found this to be the best thing about the hotel. The rooms are spotless and big however as with all hiltons extras are incredibly expensive. The tube station 'Angel' is about 5mins walk meaning sightseeing is very easy.	
Aug 27 2009 	Always a wonderful stay at the Hilton Islington	We have stayed at the Hilton, Islington twice now and on both occasions have been impressed by the standards &amp; service at the hotel. Rooms are good size, staff are efficient and pleasant. We were worried on this trip as we were given the first room off reception and we thought it might be small &amp; noisy, but the room was excellent in every respect. This hotel is ideally situated on Upper St, just around the corner from Angel tube station. We usually stay here for attending matches at the Emirates and its perfect!	
Aug 26 2009 	Great Hotel Decent Location	My daughter and I stayed at the Hilton Islington last week for four nights. We also got the two for one deal which made this a fantastic place to stay. The room was large(ish) and the air conditioning worked great, nice bathroom. Islington is a great area with tons of cute restaurants, pubs and shops. There was a full breakfast buffet included in our room rate. From Heathrow we took the Picadilly Line to Kings Cross and transfered to the Northern Line to Angel. The hotel is a few minutes walk from the Angel tube stop. The only drawback to this hotel is that the Northern line isn't the most convenient line to be on. It took us at least 45 minutes, usually an hour to get around town. We had to change trains at least once to get anywhere. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, because the rate that we paid made it worth it. I would definitely consider staying here again if I could get a similar rate.	
Aug 19 2009 	Bargain stay!	A great hotel in a nice area close to the centre and a stones throw from Angel tube. We got a very good deal on Hilton.com booking 2 nights for the price of 1. We were plesantly shocked to discover this also included a full breakfast every morning of our stay! A bonus! The hotel was very clean and the receptionists were very helpful with check in being very quick. I hope to visit this hotel again in the near future.	
Aug 12 2009	Excellent hotel for a short stay	We booked this hotel after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor. We got a great deal of 2 nights stay for the price of 1 including breakfast. On arrival we were checked in very quickly and were allocated a Club King room on the 4th floor. This surpassed our expectations as the deal was for a double room. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. We would stay again if we could get another good deal....................	
Aug 10 2009 	Good location.... shame about the windows	Excellent customer service from the minute we arrived until the minute we left - from Front Desk, to Housekeeping, to Restaurant Staff: no complaints. Good location for restaurants and pubs, bars and coffee shops! Excellent spot for catching a bus to virtually anywhere and to and from mainline rail network. The only problem we had was a faulty bedroom window which was broken (and which we reported) - which meant that we had to use the air conditioning all of the time - which in these environmentally conscious times was a shame - as even though the windows are double glazed to cut down on noise, it felt claustrauphobic to never be able to open the window (during our four day stay).	
Aug 4 2009 	Cheapish but very average hotel. Nice area not too far from city	Islington is certainly a pleasant part of London. Lots of restaurants, and you feel fairly safe. Its a short taxi trip away from the city. If you'd prefer to take the tube (5 min walk) then youre relying on the Northern line working, as its the only like that passes through the Anget tube station at Islington.The hotel lobby area is certainly 4 star. Unlike most 4 star hotels rather than opting for a minibar instead they have a vending machine as you exit the lift on your floor. Each floor has different machines. On my floor there was beer, small bottles of wine, or mini spirit bottles sticky-taped to mini coke cans, as well as toothbrushes, razors etc. Interesting idea but not what I'd expect from a Hilton. From the vending machine it was a short walk to my room down a rather dated and stale smelling corridor.I had a 'king' room (the standard rooms had sold out). There was a king sized bed and decent sized flat screen TV. There was a single-seater lounge chair in the corner, and a large unused area. I guess this area would be good if you were into pilates or yoga. I just cant work out why they didnt just put in a larger sofa. Luckily I was on my own. If I had a guest then where would they sit? Hmm.They supply bottled water, which is nice, but at 4 pounds a bottle I gave it a miss. Heres a hint - the water is cheaper at the vending machine.The room was very clean. However on two separate occasions the cleaner left a rubber glove in the bathroom sink. And one of the towels must have had a previous life in one of the smoking rooms.I used the iron, but this leaked dirty water onto my business shirt. This certainly isnt the first time that this has happened to me at a hotel and I had a spare shirt so I wasnt too worried... I think hotel irons get dropped quite often, so I cant really blame the hotel.The lighting in the room was quite dim. I think its because they have switched to compact fluoros to cust costs &amp; save the planet. They probably just made the mistake that most newbies make, believing the label when it says &quot;8W is equivalent to 60W incandescent&quot;, which of course is bollocks (to use the lingo). If you have trouble reading in dim room (which I do), either sit at the desk and use the desk lamp, or bring a decent torch.Internet wasnt cheap at 15 pounds a day. If youre staying for two days or more then heres a tip - pop down to the local &quot;3&quot; mobile shop and buy a prepaid mobile broadband dongle for 29 pound. A gig of download valid for 30 days costs 10 pound.My room key stopped working twice. I had to go down to the lobby and they just reprogrammed it and it was fine. Just a tip, dont risk going to the vending machine in your PJ's just in case you cant get back in and have to go down to the lobby.Sorry if I am being too negative. To even things up I have to say that the beds were very comfortable, the curtains blocked out the light well, and the room was certainly fairly big for London standards.Would I stay here again? Maybe. London hotels at this price are hard to find, and beggars cant be choosers.	
Aug 3 2009	Hilton Islington	I spent two nights staying at the Hilton, Islington, London as it was convenient for a course my husband and I were attending in the City. We checked in and found our room to be comfortable and clean. The staff were really helpful throughout our stay and the position of the hotel is ideal for sightseeing and within walking distance of the tube.I have to admit, I usually hate chain hotels as they all seem the same world wide, but the warm welcome from the staff at this Hilton made our stay very enjoyable, the staff were attentive without being bothersome. We had dinner at the hotel both nights, the food was better than we expected and quite reasonable price wise. We booked a last minute deal and would certainly go back and stay there again, should we have to spend time in London. My only criticism is for the £15 per day fee for internet use in the bedroom. There is no wi fi and you have to attach a usb cable to your laptop, which meant only one of us could use a computer at a time.	
Jul 29 2009 	Great Value	Only stayed one night. Very convenient. Very comfortable. Great location for exploring all that Islington has to offer. Excellent breakfast with plenty of choice. Superb value for money if you can get a deal.	
Jul 19 2009 	May not have been the absolute best choice as to location but good nevertheless.	I took so much advice from Trip Advisors Members before I finally booked at Hilton London Islington. I chose there because of the high cost of eating breakfast daily at the Hotel and because there were supposed to be lots of cafes close by where we would be able to get breakfast. Well that was absolutely true. We eat breakfast at small cafes close by every day and were very happy. The only thing is that Islington is not near to anything else; well it is near to the Angel Tube Station which we found handy. However when we wanted to go to aDinner/ Show we had to take Taxis and after the Show, wait quite a long time for the taxi tocome after we had called for it. The service at the Hotel was excellent: checking in and out - no problem; restaurant staff helpful and friendly and the Concierge Staff particularly Anthony exceptionally helpful. Anthony arranged our Dinner/Show for us and the taxi service to get to/from there, and also on leaving, our transport to Gatwick Airport by The Dot to Dot Express.Our experience at Hilton islington was very good.	
Jul 19 2009 	Not too close....not too far	My husband and I, along with my two sisters stayed in the Hilton London Islington on our very first trip to London. This hotel is in a great location. It is far enough away from the &quot;touristy&quot; areas, but it's a 5 minute walk to the underground (Angel line). AND, just add another 10 minute ride and you are in central London. As for us, we were also visiting friends who live in Islington so this was a perfect location for the group. I would recommend getting an oyster card or the London pass (check the zones when buying these cards as most sites are in Zones 1-3) if you are staying for longer that 5/7 days.  We booked the Executive Suite/Bed &amp; Breakfast package and it was lovely! Our bed was super comfortable with flatscreen TVs and the breakfast/ was very good - except for the scrambled eggs. They had a strange, watery yet (???) rubbery texture, but everything else was delicious (especially the variety of sausages, breads, and fruit).The toiletries (Evelyn &amp; Crabtree) were replenished daily as were the towels. There is also a coffee/tea maker in the room and bottled water. Excellent housekeeping and excellent reception. The staff is very accommodating and extremely helpful with dinner reservations and booking tours. All in all, top notch service.  The hotel is in a great neighborhood with tons of restaurants, pubs and shops. It was also a fraction cheaper going out to eat/drink and shop in this area. We spent a few days just exploring Islington and it reminded me a little bit of the the West Village in NYC. As I mentioned above, the underground is a VERY short walk and the buses are as just outside and will take you into the city center.  We had a wonderful time in London - absolutely LOVED it there and can't wait to go back this year in October!	
Jul 15 2009 	Nice hotel near Tube	Location is near St. Pancears? where the Eurostar stops about 2 city blocks away. One of the reason this hotel was chosen. Hotel almost right across the street from Euston station. Walking distance to British Museum and British Library, for Southern Californian no less. Staff was excellent. Very helpful. Gave my daughter some candy when we checked in which of course made them happy. Room was decent size. Hotel was able to put 2 roll-a-way beds into the room at no additional charge. Room faced interior courtyard so there was nothing to see. But also no noise at all. Room had the basic, desk, iron etc. Nothing special. Bathroom also typical and clean. Hotel did give us bottle water and biscuits every day. Breakfast is good but typical. I made the mistake of having a 7AM flight out of LHR. Hotel was able to arrange car service to take us at a reasonable price.	
Jul 14 2009 	Excellent value for money	Booked this hotel through Londontown.com at a great weekend rate, including an excellent buffet breakfast . At first, I was doubtful to book because it was my first visit to London and I thought maybe I should look for a more central location, but this hotel proved to be a perfect choice. The center of the city on a summer weekend is a madhouse and the Islington location is not that far out. We had a nice 20 minute walk to the British Museum and when we wanted to get somewhere fast with the Angel tube stop at a 3 minute walk we could get anywhere in the center in less than 10 minutes, even on a Monday rush hour! The Islington area is lively and full of shops, bars and restaurants, but is relaxed enough to be a nice respite after a day in the city.The hotel is very nice, convenient, comfortable and modern. The rooms are great, very nice decor, big, extremely comfortable beds, everything looks brand new and is spotlessly clean. It's worth staying in Islington just to have this, everything in the center in its price bracket looked straight out of Man about the House. We also had a great view of the City skyline. The only negative I can say about this hotel is that it doesn't have minibars in the rooms and that the hallways are a little ugly. The brick walls don't look very appealing. The staff was absolutely brilliant, from the very nice gentlemen that checked us in at 3 am after a disastrous Ryanair flight, the very nice concierge, the great breakfast buffet servers and the very nice assistant manager that helped me retrieve a forgotten item in the room safe when I was running late for the flight back. Everybody seemed genuinely nice and caring about our stay. I will surely return on future trips to London and I've already recomended it to several friends.	
Jul 6 2009	Wonderful	After spending the previous 10 days at 3 hotels near Kings Cross, this Hilton was a fabulous relief. Beautiful room - twin - the beds bigger than usual. Front desk very helpful and courteous. Quiet. Enjoyed the location in Islington - 2 min. walk to tube station.	
Jun 19 2009 	Good hotel just don't let them book you a mini-cab	Very warm welcome by Hanna on the honors desk and the staff were all smiley and efficient. The room service offered a good choice though the £5 tray charge is very high. The rooms were clean and quiet and the beds comfortable. I stayed on 2 separate nights and the service was consistent.However I asked them to book me a mini cab on my first stay and was quoted through the front desk £12 to Euston Road which was steep. The Crescent Cabs driver came in to find me and let me struggle with my case. He then tried to charge me £14 ! On the second stay I walked 100 yards to the main road and a black cab did the same journey for £8.20. So the hotel is great but stick to black cabs	
Jun 15 2009 	This was absolutely ideala great hotel.	This hotel was absolutely great. It was in a great location in Islington, amongst shops and restaurants and within a 5 minute walk of Angel tube. It was easy to drive to from the M40/A40 and lots of parking available, at reduced rates for the weekend. (60pence per hour) The beds were one of the most comfortable I have slept on. Room was very nice, with airconditioning. breakfast was huge, a grand buffet, with hot and cold. Staff were extremely pleasant, and helpful, and allowed us to check in early. All in all, a really nice,weekend break.	
May 25 2009 	Sometimes you get more than you pay for	Normally &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; and a bargain price at a central London hotel might send shivers down the spine of experienced travelers. But when you get a great discount price at a Hilton, you can be pretty sure you're not going to be shafted and we certainly weren't. I booked this hotel on Londontown.com because it came up with a rate of 65 pounds per night, prepaid. That's astonishing! Even better because the pound is low compared to the Canadian dollar. The credit card was charged $125 CAD per night. Islington is just a little away from the main centre of London but this hotel is a block from the Angel tube station and there are a number of busses that go by on Upper Street right outside that take you anywhere you might want to go. The location was ultra convenient for us because we arrived at St. Pancras International and were leaving by Euston. The hotel is away from the street so you don't get traffic noise either. It's beside a business centre so maybe that's why there are good deals on weekends, I'm not sure. We arrived about 7 p.m. and were checked in straight away with efficiency and a smile. The room was a basic double (queen size bed) but it was roomy and so was the bathroom. Bright and clean, the decor was muted tones and there was a nice lounge chair in addition to the large desk with ergonimic chair. The bed was comfy and the pillows felt like clouds. We ordered room service on our first night. The designated button on the phone didn't work but reception took my order and Room Service called back to confirm shortly after that. They delivered promptly when they said they would. The buffet breakfast was included in our prepaid rate, another bonus, and it has a wide variety of choice.	
May 8 2009 	Below par	Stayed here after a theatre visit in March 2008 and was not impressed. The service at check-in was cold and un-helpful which started the stay with a bitter note. Being a Hilton, I expected a lot better of the room which turned out to be very basic and, regrettably, not unlike Travelodges I've stayed in.Room service was painfully slow, overpriced and not at all worth it.Checking out was the deal sealer. The Greek gentleman was incoherent and seemingly couldn't understand much of the English language. He was rude, arrogant, ignorent, snappy and I could go on.All the place has really got going for it is the half-decent location for restaurants and Carling Academy etc and the bed's were pretty comfy. You'll find miles better in London!	
May 6 2009 	Another great stay	We arrive about 11.30am and we were checked in within 10mins including having a room ready for us.The room was clean - spacious We booked the Hotel using hilton honours points and it was room only - nearby is a great selection of restaurants - for breakfast we eat at a place called S/M lol a must place for all day breakfasts ( 2 full english - including toast and free refills of tea or coffee £14 )Back at the hotel staff checked us in online for our home flights and printed out our boarding cards ( no charge )My wife and i have stayed at the hotel about 5 times - we've had no problems in the past and none this time.The hotel is less than a 5min walk from the Angel tube station - some lovely antique shops nearby.All in all another great stay i'm sure well be back again in the furture - great helpful/friendly staff.jj.....	
May 4 2009 	Great hotel good location - excellent deal	Spacious room with loads of storage and different seats. Large bathroom too. We booked a great deal and they threw in breakfast on arrival too which was an enormous buffet selection of both hot and cold food from bacon to bagels to bran flakes and everything inbetween!It is located 5 minutes from Angel tube station and near to some really good shops, posh Islington High Street had some really nice restaurants and pubs.If we got a good deal again we'll definitely stay again.	
Apr 23 2009	hilton islington	We stayed at the Hilton Islington for the last 2 nights of our month in the UK to be close to my daughter who lives in Islington. We were shown to a delux room and on and before entering it had a strong musty damp smell but thought that we would just put up with it as it was a bother to complain and change rooms. After spending one night in the room we both felt ill and could not even face up to breakfast. We did speak to the desk and to there defence they moved us to a suite which was extremely nice and we were very greatful. The staff helped us move and when we spoke to the Housekeeper she told us that the smell was from the carpet and the leak under the bath. I found that very annoying knowing they actually put us in there in the first place. When you left the lift it had a smell of being musty and mouldy.On the first night we had dinner in the restaurant and out of the 3 meals we ordered one was correct with the other 2 going back to the kitchen one for being cold and the other not being what was described on the menu so they replaced them after we spoke to the manager. The waiters didn't know what was what on the menu when questioned and had to keep running away to check but was very pleasant and apologetic as he normally was bar staff. Then there was the breakfast staff and that was another experience they stood around doing nothing looking at each other and talking and when we had finished we had to ask them to clear our table not to mention the cold tea and coffee. The actual breakfast buffet was very nice and the reception staff extremely helpful but the restaurant staff were hopeless.So in summing up I will never stay there again.	
Apr 7 2009 	fantastic service	My wife and I stayed for 3 nights in April 09-every member of staff was so nice and courteous and friendly -couldn't do enough for you. Hotel handy to tube but best part was availabilty of buses-seemed you could go anywhere in london directly by getting on a bus from just outside the door-great hotel!!	
Mar 29 2009 	Great Place to Stay	Stayed here for one night, four adults, 2rooms. Both rooms were very clean &amp; comfortable. No problems at all. Great location, right in the heart of Islington. Will def stay here again.	
Mar 29 2009 	Fantastic deal at a central London Hotel	In London for a wedding locally. Got a great deal through Expedia. The rate was £67 for B&amp;B (inc taxes) for their standard double for both myself and my wife. Both the room (336) and en suite were large by central London standards, large bed, and flat screen TV. The above bath shower was powerful (not something I can say about many hotel showers) I don't know if the hotel has been recently decorated but the decor was immaculate. It looked out onto a quiet Islington backstreet. Breakfast was a very nice buffet with high quality produce all round. All of the staff were courteous and friendly. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel especially if you can get a deal	
Feb 20 2009 	One of the best hotels outside central London	I have been a regular customer of the Hilton Islington. While it is outside the centre of London it is still only 15-20 minutes away by tube. But the area around the hotel has some very good bars and restaurants and is a very relaxing but cosmopolitan area. While the hotel has the feel of a business hotel it is perfect for shot visits.	
Feb 10 2009 	Great hotel to stay in	I booked this hotel after seeing an advert for the Hilton January Sale and I couldn't have been more pleased with the hotel.I have stayed at many hotels around the world and this hotel is well up there with the best I have stayed at.Location is good, the Angel tube station is only 5 mins walk up the road. This is on the Northern line and just one stop from Kings Cross tube/station which is central for must routes for the major attractions/areas to see in London.The room was lovely, very clean, decor up to date and big wide-screen telly in the room. I had breakfast included in my deal I was very pleased with the buffet style breakfast on offer, everything was well stocked.Staff were helpful at all times and couldn't have done more for you.Overall I would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 31 2009 	I'd Stay Here Again	My fiance and I stayed at the Hilton from Dec. 26-28 and were very pleased with our stay. While we want to be comfortable when we travel, we also have to watch our budget since we're saving for a wedding in a few months. So when we found the Hilton for about $90/night, it seemed perfect. However, after reading some of the reviews, we remained cautiously optimistic. We weren't disappointed!The front desk was extremely welcoming and helpful. Upon mentioning that we were hungry, the concierge offered to locate a few restaurants on a map. He then gave us a run-down of a few attractions and events in the area. There's quite a bit of activity on the street: various restaurants and pubs, a Starbuck's and lots of shopping. The hotel is tucked away from the main road, so it's not too loud at night.The Angel tube station is only about three blocks away from the hotel. The station iteself is not in the most convenient part of the city. You have to switch lines a few times to get to the major parts of the city, but that's manageable as long as you're not returning to your room a lot.The room was very nice and spacious, especially compared to other hotels in cramped European cities. The bed wasn't the most comfortable bed I've slept in, but it worked.I would definitely stay here again, especially if I can get the same rate.	
Jan 26 2009 	Noisy waterworks and aircon - otherwise great!	Fantastic location, excellent facility. Great price too - delighted with the value for money in the Hilton January sale including a very good breakfast. Lovely staff - everyone was very helpful leading to a hassle-free stay. Comfortable room and free water which was a lovely touch and much appreciated. Only issue was the noisy aircon and my neighbours' plumbing - very noisy early in the morning. Will consider again when I need to be back in the area - if the price is right.	
Jan 26 2009 	Nice Surprise	I was ecstatic that my price for $75USD was accepted by Priceline for a Hilton hotel. I looked up tripadvisor to read about the hotel and the area, and read overall good things about it. I also looked up the rate of this hotel on the Hilton.com website and was astounded to see it going for 100 pounds a night; at the time I looked that was $150 USD! My stay did not disappoint since upon arrival I found a nice, hip area with lots of bars and restaurants and a nice hotel. The staff was very pleasant and efficient, a quick check in for me and I was off to my room. The room was of good size and the bathroom was spacious. The water pressure was good and the housekeeping did a great job at cleaning the room. I did not have breakfast at the hotel, so I cannot comment on that. I was a bit peeved that the internet was as expensive as it was (Like 15 pounds per day), but it is what it is. I just went to an internet cafe down the street for like 1 pound a hour; which was fine. I did get billed for eating at the restaurant when I did not ($45 USD); I found this out 2 days later while in Amsterdam as I was checking my online purchases billed to my credit card. I called and spoke to the manager in their billing department and he called me back a few minutes later and admitted there ahd been an error and that he has issued a credit adjustment. 3 days later it posted to my credit card account with no problems. Overall, I would defintely stay at this hotel again if I can get a priceline rate; for $75 USD it can't be beat!	
Jan 19 2009 	Great hotel for the price	I've stayed at this hotel twice now. It's on the very trendy and central Upper Street in Islington and is surrounded by nice cafes and restaurants.The hotel is just a standard Hilton and to me that always says &quot;nothing special to look at&quot;. But the rooms are of a decent size and very modernly decorated. You get big lcd screen, a desk and seat and another seat. Plus the bed is very comfy. And it's only 2 minutes from Angel tube station.I got my latest deal for £60 for the night which included the cooked breakfast buffet. There is surely no other hotel deal in the UK as good value as that at the moment?)People have mentioned that this hotel is nothing special from the outside, hate the tacky vending machines, and were angry that they got a smoking room.I agree that if you get a smoking room when you've specifically requested in your notes that you don't want one then that's fine.But it's still 5 stars for me.	
Jan 19 2009	hilton islington	We had a fantastic stay at this hotel. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful from the moment we arrived and even though we had paid an incredibly cheap rate for a london hotel we were allocated a brilliant room. The breakfast buffet offered a good choice and was well stocked and the cooked food freshly prepared. Our room was very clean and toiletries and tea, coffee etc replaced daily. We have stayed in dozens of hotels in london and this hotel was by far the best.	
Jan 17 2009 	OK chain hotel	This hotel is in a good location - a short walk from the Angel Islington almost opposite Islington Green, in an area full of bars, cafés and restaurants. This is a fairly smart and comfortable modern chain hotel. Large comfortable bed (actually two singles made up together), well-equipped and plenty of nice touches, bath as well as shower etc., very helpful staff, nice bar area. Less impressive are the feeble thermostatic blower heating (a basic electric heater was provided as well) and the level of noise (TV / voices / plumbing) from adjacent rooms. The shower hose leaked, and internet access is expensive (£15). Overall this is a comfortable place to stay but it wouldn't rate it in my top five for similar-priced hotels in central London.	
Jan 13 2009 	Not a great experience	We got a room half price so were pleased with the price. Room was pleasant and clean, reception staff very friendly and helpful. We returned to room half through evening to find it smelt very strongly of cigarette smoke despite being a non-smoking room on a non-smoking floor. Called reception who told me as the hotel was fully booked they would send someone with some air freshener. A very snooty and on the verge of rude porter (despite being very nice to him) came to our room with foul smelling spray which was worse than the smoke. Night very quiet, despite being in 1 of a pair of adjoining rooms and bed comfortable with large flatscreen TV. Unfortunately breakfast was an absolute mess. Half the staff were again snooty, rude and unattentive. We had to queue to get into the restaurant for 15-20mins where we were given a glass of orange juice that had been sitting in the sun for far to long. We then decided to go straight for the cooked breakfast as everything apart from ham, cheese and cereal had run out and was not being noticed and replenished by staff. We then had to queue for another 15 mins for a cooked breakfast as the chefs were not able to cope and were not noticing the food getting low quick enough - I found this the most surprising element as I would think that a chef at the Hilton could multi-task effectively but apparently not. The chef at the front of house couldn't cope with asking for things in time, and cooked the eggs so quickly they were still raw - there were about 15 people waiting at this point. The waitresses, although I understand were busy, simply were unattentive and I got asked if I wanted tea or coffee near finishing my food. Eventually the sliced bread was replenished in the restaurant so I could have a piece of toast - there were no other items ie. the pastries, waffles and muffins there were supposed to be. I asked a waiter where the butter was and he could not understand the word 'butter', basic english for working the breakfast shift at a hotel I would have thought. It was the worst breakfast experience I have had at a hotel ever. The hotel is ok if you can get a good deal ie. not over £60 a night. The rooms were nice, reception staff very helpful but breakfast appalling - go at 7am or forget it.	
Jan 1 2009 	Great on discount rate	Given the very cheap rate we got through Hotwire (about 100 USD/night), this was a terrific bargain. Better beds than most English hotels, large room, widescreen TV, nice location in the lively Islington area and the general comfort that normally is associated with Hilton. On the negative side are the high prices for everything that is extra, the dull and unispired building (and bathroom) and the very un-romantic view from our first floor room (facing a garage).For snacks, water, sodas, etc, shop across the street at the tiny convenience store.The location is great for hanging out in Islington, but less fantastic for general London tourism given its distance to most sights.	
Dec 16 2008 	Very Enjoyable Experience	My husband, son and I stayed in the hotel from 5 December for two nights. On arrival we were able to leave our bags with the front desk until check in. I was unhappy with the first room we were allocated as it was on the ground floor and also smelt of smoke, so I asked for another room, the receptionist I dealt with could not have been more pleasant and gave me another room right away and also said to come back to her again if I wasn't satisified. Moving rooms also meant setting up another bed for my son, but by the time we reached the second room we were met by housekeeping delivering the bed. The rooms and bathrooms are spotless and the breakfast has something for everyone. We found the staff to be really friendly and approachable and on checking out we were again able to leave our luggage until we were leaving for the airport at 6pm. The location is perfect for travel to central London and is easily accessible by bus and tube. Would heartily recommend.	
Dec 11 2008 	Mixed feelings about this hotel....	I only stayed at this hotel for 2 nights, in preparation for a flight out of Heathrow after vacationing in Scotland. I checked in late, thanks to a delayed train (around 8:30pm) and was told that I was being given a &quot;smoking&quot; room. Apparently, this was the only room available and there was nothing that I could do about it. I booked this hotel via Hotwire with a great rate, and probably because of the rate I paid they decided to give me this crappy room. Now, this was my first time to the UK and maybe things work a little differently there than in the US, but in the US I would have been given a NON smoking room unless I specified otherwise. Maybe in the UK it is the opposite? I'm not sure. And Hotwire doesn't give you the opportunity to specify a choice anyways. But regardless, my room reeked HORRIBLY of smoke, and to make it worse, the windows are locked shut so you can't even air the room out! The smell was absolutely nauseating! However, I will say that the hotel was able to switch me to a different room the next day, which was much better. It was definitely an inconvenience, though, since I had to pack up my bags again so they could move them to another room. I really think that they should have been able to switch me to a new room the first night....I've stayed in many hotels and only complain when something is really bad, and in every other case I've been accommodated right away.The location of the hotel is pretty good as other reviewers noted, as the neighborhood does have plenty of dining &amp; shopping establishments, and the Angel tube station is nearby. And the price I paid was good for London, but after staying in a lovely family-run guesthouse in Edinburgh where we were treated very well, this place was quite the contrast. If a generic hotel with hundreds of rooms and sub-par customer service is what you are expecting, great. If not, I would suggest staying somewhere else.	
Dec 4 2008 	good option	Got a great deal on howire...less than £50.Very comfortable bed.Clean bright ,spacious room.Easy check in/out.In this part of town, what more do you want?	
Dec 2 2008 	Not a fantastic choice	This Hilton Islington just about meets the grade.A few flaws though are evident though after staying here:* nondescript exterior, coupled by non-descript interior.* horrible, rock hard matresses* expensive internet access* tacky condom/snack vending machines opposite lifts on each floor that make the place feel like a pay-by-the-hour motel.Room was clean, staff were pleasant enough - but the whole place just lacks so much charm, soulless doesn't even do an accurate job of describing it. Would avoid, given a choice.	
Nov 12 2008	Good choice on a discounted rate	I'd really like to give this one 3 1/2 stars. There's really nothing exceptional about the hotel -- aesthetically, it's probably slightly below average for a Hilton -- but it's fine.The rooms are on the small side (I think they limit occupancy to 2 per room, and that's about right!), and everything is in reasonable condition. The breakfast buffet is good -- at least if you want a proper English breakfast, as the choices beyond that level are a little limited (good fresh squeezed OJ, though).As previous reviewers have noted, it's about a 4 to 5 minute walk to the Angel tube line which public transport pretty easy (the Northern line is not the BEST for tourists, but with connections it works fine). The neighbor hood seems &quot;real&quot; and &quot;yuppified&quot; with plenty of nearby restaurants -- you could easily dine at a different restaurant for days at any price level.The hotel seems to pop up frequently in the Islington section on priceline and hotwire, and it's a good property to bid on for 50 pounds or so. You'll be happy paying that price, but at regular non-opaque rates, my hunch is you could probably get better value elsewhere, unless Islington was your specific destination in London.	
Nov 8 2008 	just okay. nothing special	the hotel is about a 5 mins walk to the tube station and is on a good road for various restaurants and bars.the rooms were fine, big tv and comfy bed. quite basic - no extra touches. we didnt eat or drink here due the amount of choices nearby.the staff were okay but not that friendly. i asked for general directions to a nearby area and everyone i asked just told me to jump in a taxi then walked off.only really stayed here as i got a bargain on hotwire but i would probably give it a miss next time.	
Nov 2 2008 	Great Hotel	Loved the Hilton Islington. Stayed for two nights on a shopping break to London. Nice area, lots of nice restaurants and bars and some shops, gap, fcuk, m&amp;s etc. Short walk to Angel tube station. Got there early and our rooms were ready, we got ajoining rooms. Beds very comfy, very quiet at night, tea and coffee facilities in room. All the staff were very pleasant. Would stay at this Hilton again.	
Oct 31 2008	OK for short stay	I stayed here for one night on a work trip. The hotel was average at best. The bed was hard, the room looked a bit dated (although it did have a nice flat-screen TV). I would not have stayed here but for the fact it was the closest hotel to the office. I would not stay here again if I had a choice, as I have stayed in much nicer properties in London for the same price. But if it is close to where you need to be, it is an OK hotel for a short stay.	
Oct 28 2008	A good value for London	Hilton Islington London. 4* Rated.One Night weekday stay. Hilton HHonors Gold status.A Hotel review is based on a personal and subjective opinion.What may be acceptable to you, may not be to me, and vice versa. Location: Excellent - right on Upper St, and adjacent to Chapel St. Market and Islington. Angel Tube station (Northern Line) 4 mins walk.Area undergone gentrification, is now somewhat a destination for dining, and reflects authentic London pub/night life. Lots of great shopping and dining options in immediate area. Sainsbury's and Marks and Spencer food stores. Everything you may need within a few mins. Direct Bus and tube access to Theatre land / West end shopping 10 mins away.Safety: Very good 7/10. Although Big City common sense always applies. Check in: Easy and good natured. Staff mostly European.Property: Stakis property managed by Hilton, currently undergoing some upgrades and improvements.Lobby Restaurant area. Good WiFi - Food and coffee ok, not too overpriced for London. Room: Non smoking floor - No club room upgrade but not bad - Flat screen tv - Bed too hard.Internet: BT OpenZone Public areas (Prepaid coupons for sale at Concierge)Conclusion: A great location to base yourself for all tourist activities. Easy to get to, but far enough from the tourist centers to be a better value. Consistent budget quality in a city notorious for overpriced, sub standard accommodations.Stay again? YesUS rating: Solid 3.5 Star.Value: Good $$. 7/10	
Oct 26 2008 	Great Hotel	This is a great hotel close to the Angel underground station and with a huge selection of restaurants and bars within walking distance.Despite having a full house when we were there we found the hotel to be very quiet and cosy, the staff are welcoming and helpful. The large rooms are clean and nicely furbished. A large buffet breakfast is seved in a bright room just off reception.In general this is a great hotel in a very central location.	
Oct 19 2008 	Excellent hotel in great neighborhood	I won a 3-night stay at the Hilton Islington on a Priceline bid of $80/night (about $98/night with taxes and fees included). I couldn't have been happier with my stay. I was already familiar with this part of Islington from previous visits, and was happy to stay in this diverse, untouristy neighborhood. Upper Street is full of bars, cafes and restaurants of all types - from pizza to Turkish to Indian. There are many lovely Georgian terraces and garden squares to explore, as well as the Regent's Canal and the charming antiques shops of Camden Passage. Excellent bus routes run to all parts of London from right outside the hotel, and the Angel tube station is also a very short walk away. I found it very easy to take the tube from Heathrow to King's Cross, and then the #73 bendy bus to the hotel.The hotel itself is modern and very well-kept. Front-desk service was gracious and helpful, and there never seemed to be a queue. My second floor room didn't have a view - it faced a pleasant interior courtyard - and was quiet and peaceful. The room's modern decor was somewhat bland, but everything was highly functional and in top condition; the room seemed to have been recently renovated, as the carpeting and furnishings all looked spic and span. There was ample closet and drawer space for my belongings. The bed had pristine white linens and was supremely comfortable. The A/C worked great, as did the large flat-panel TV. A business traveler would have felt comfortable here, as the lighting was great, electrical outlets were plentiful, and the desk was an excellent work space.The bathroom was large and just as spic and span as the bedroom. Outstanding water pressure and temperature, and plentiful towels and complimentary toiletries. I didn't try the hotel restaurant, as there are so many choices right outside the door. Breakfast wasn't included in my Priceline deal, but there are excellent options whether you want just a quick coffee or croissant, or a full cooked breakfast. Tinderbox Cafe has excellent espresso drinks and Ottolenghi, a Mediterranean deli/cafe/restaurant, is an outstanding choice any time, day or night.My stay at the Hilton Islington couldn't have been more pleasant, and I hope to win another Priceline deal at this hotel next time I come to London!	
Oct 17 2008 	Standard Hotel - Very Good Location	My room at the Hilton Islington was quite large for London stnadards. Everything was in very good condition but decor and furnishings were drably contemporary. While I prefer modern design over more traditional decor, in case of the Hilton Islington it was just two standard and unimginative to leave an impression. Also I did not like that the windows could not be opened for some fresh air - which amazed me given that hotel only has four floors and I mostly found windows that cannot be opened in much higher hotels. The bed was OK but you can certainly find more comfortable ones in many hotels today.Service seemed very uninspired not to say impersonal. I can't say it was truly unfriendly but definitely also not outgoing and making you feel welcome. We did not have breakfast or dinner at the hotel since there are so many great places just around the corner. The location was our prime reason for chosing this hotel. If you want to be in a very nice neighbourhood which is actually more frequented by locals than tourists I would recommend Islington. It is not far from the West-End and Angel tube station is a mere 5 minutes walk from the hotel with many direct buses also connecting you directly to most areas in London stopping even closer. Restaurants, Bars and nice little shops are plenty in Islington and all within easy walking distance.I might return to the hotel - given that choices in the area are very limited and the Hilton having a prime location in Islington. The hotel itself would probably not draw me back there but then again it would also not keep me from coming back.	
Sep 23 2008 	Was upset about the service	I stayed at this hotel for three nights. I chose it because it was conveniently located in Islington close to Angel tube station and because the price seemed to be good.The hotel rooms are not small and they are clean, although I could smell smoke in my room. The rooms were not nicely decorated and particularly uncharming. The staff was absolutely unhelpful. When I arrived, I asked them to call a taxi for me. I waited for 45 mins. That was not their mistake. However, I had told them where I wanted to go before they ordered the cap and when I got on the cap I found out that my destination was only a 5 mins walk away from the hotel.The next day, I wanted to get something to drink at night. They told me that the bar was closed and that I had to get something from the machine on the 3rd floor. When I got to the machine, I found out that it only operated with credit cards plus PIN, which I don't have. I went back downstairs to the reception desk where they told me to go to the machine on the 2nd floor. That machine only had snacks, but nothing to drink. I ended up, going to bed thirsty and upset. The worst thing is that the staff did not seem to care at all, where they were sending me.	
Sep 21 2008	Great!!!	What can I say but the Islington Hilton is a great hotel !!!!We last stayed here in 2001 and sadly at that time we were not impressed with its faded decor, lack of motivated staff and bad breakfast standards....On this ocassion we returned as part of a large party booking and were a little worried about the standards this time round....BUT we need not have worried!!!!Service was flawless, staff were friendly, helpful and professional.Rooms were very well decorated, high standards, very clean, well stocked facilities and good range of electronics.Room service was 24hours, super fast and great value. and quality.Bar staff were excellent, very professional and friendly and the bar had an excellent range of draught beers.Breakfasts were superb!!!!!Breakfast staff were all up beat, happy and efficient which was great to experience each morning!!!!Buffet fruits, pastries, porridge, cheeses, cold meats, juices, smoothies, yoghurts, cereals..... Were a;ll very well presented, well chilled and very very clean. Staff were very attentive and pro active in keeping stock levels up, clearing tables and generally maintaining the area. Flawless!! An excellent buffet cooked breakfast was provided by the Chef who was friendly, professional and efficient. We thought he seemed very proud of his role too as he was a friendly person and was happy to cook guests fried eggs to order. We observed all cooked breakfast meats being probed for temperature by the chef and we saw consistent high standards on all 3 mornings we ate breakfast.Reception and concierge were all extremely friendly and professional.... cannot fault them!!!!Room service were excellent and friendly and did not enter the room when do not disturb was requested. A card was left asking if room cleaning was required later in the day, and if so to let them know the best time for them to return!! A great consideration!!!!The only negative thing I CAN say about the Islington Hilton is that they didnt have any decent shoeshine facilities ..... apart from a small cloth supplied in the room.... BUT the concierge were very quick to offer advice on a local store about 10 metres away where we could get some from! Overnight prior to our departure the hotel bill was pre- supplied for review, with the option of an express checkout slip and envelope if we wanted to leave fast.We checked out with the reception who offered to arrange a taxi to the Train station, which we took advantage of. A quality silver mercedes private hire taxi arrived within 5 minutes and the driver who was very friendly and helpful took us to the station in quick time and the fare was only £3 more than the price of the tube!!! Overall... a fantastic hotel!!!!	
Sep 16 2008	Great location average hotel	This hotel has a great location in one of the best areas in London. Islington is bustling with lots of bars, restaurant and small shops. The hotel is a few minutes walk from Angel tube and easy to find. The rooms are above average size for London with well kept with nice bathrooms. The hotel is more modern than a lot of hotels in London but does not have a good range of facilities and an extremely samll restrauiant and bar area. The rates are good if you are lucky enough to get a deal. I stay here as it is the best hotel in Islington and convenient,	
Sep 1 2008 	Great value	I stayed in the Hilton Islington for one night in mid-August 2008. By London standards the room is perfectly fine and, for the price, as good as you could expect: neutral decor and spotlessly clean with LCD TV. The bathroom is fine and has crabtree &amp;evelyn toiletries. Service was very good; the staff polite and courteous. Gave me my HHonours points even though it was booked on priceline.The location is great - heaps of restaurants and cafes nearby, and a cinema in the N1 centre. Buses 19, 38, 30 will take you straight into the west end. Islington station is only a few minutes walk away. I didn't eat in the Hilton - considering what's around the hotel there is no need to.If you're bidding on Priceline this is the only 4* hotel in the islington/finsbury region. I got my room for £60 per night (the cheapest online price was over £100/n). For that price, it is incredible value.	
Sep 1 2008 	Avoid this hotel.... It is cheap for a reason!	Please be careful, when you book on Hilton.co.uk, or check through any other travel website. Hilton UK send prices without taxes/VAT through. What seemed like a bargain £106, turned into £130!We arrived at the hotel at midday, and were checked in by the most unhelpful member of staff ever. He looked like he had been on shift way too long, was really discourteous, and started questioning the room I had booked. As the first person, you see at a Hilton, you should expect to be welcomed to the hotel. We had previously booked via the Hilton website, and requested a non smoking double room. I ended up being given a disabled persons room in the smoking section. I do have to admit though the room was very clean. I would have complained, but due to dogdy trains, I would have been late for a wedding. Our room was Bed and Breakfast, we went down for Breakfast around 9.30am, and the Host sat us down at a dirty table, which was cleaned whilst we sat at the table. We had to wait for cutlery and crockery, which I was not happy about. To top it all off, we requested a late check out, so we could hit the stores on Oxford Street before going home, we were told it was not available. I was a little concerned..... surely they knew about our request at check in....I was very disappointed.	
Aug 30 2008 	Nice Hotel right by tube stop	Very nice hotel right by a subway stop. A bit out of town, but with the London subway systems, who cares? We got a good rate via Hilton.Staff was able to get us tickets to Wicked, 8 rows back in the center. That is a great show by the way. Everything else was flawless, very nice stay.	
Aug 17 2008	Efficient and convenient	Very clean with an efficient check-in/check-out and helpful staff. Room had all the facilities you'd expect, with brand-name toiletries, well-laundered towels, a really nice bathroom, widescreen LCD TV with extra channels, etc. The only thing that stops me rating as a 5 is that the extras such as internet, breakfast etc. are very expensive (prohibitively so IMHO). I booked through Priceline and the price was good for London fo this quality, but didn't include breakfast. I'd recommend eating at one of the local cafes/bakeries. Location is fine, and very convenient for where I needed to get to - just a few stops on the Northern Line (nearest tube is Angel which is around a 10 minute walk).	
Aug 3 2008 	Ideal Location	Great location and usual superb Hilton breakfast.Staff were friendly and helpful. The room was clean and of a good size.Ideal if you are going to Saddlers Wells as we were or the Business Design Centre. Fredericks restaurant in Camden Passage is a must.	
Jul 15 2008 	Fantastic service and the most attentive staff!	We recently stayed at the Hilton in Islington and must say that we were really impressed by the hotel generally.Firstly, the location is very good - not in central London but easier enough to get around as it is so close to Angel tube station.The room was spotlessly clean and spacious considering there were two adults and one child - one double bed and a single.The window was locked so could not be opened, which we would have liked as it was a warm weekend, but the air conditioning worked very well - however, would still have been nice to have got some fresh air in the room. Tea and coffee making facilities but no mini bar or fridge - again would have been nice.The only negative thing about our stay was the breakfast. We have stayed in numerous Hilton hotels and have always been very impressed with the 'Hilton Breakfast' - this one was disappointing. The selection was very limited and not fully stocked, the worst being the hot selection which consisted of baked beans, mushrooms, very pale undercooked potatoes, scrambled eggs, again very pale insipid looking greasy fried eggs, the worst sausages I have ever tasted (again very pale, undercooked with an overpowering herb ingredient) and bacon which was pale undercooked and very fatty - difficult to serve as all stuck together in a clump. The items looked as though they have been 'boiled' and could have done with a proper grilling to make them look browner and more appetising.The best thing about our stay were the staff - ALL of the staff without exception were polite, obliging, smiling and couldn't do enough for you - special mention for the housekeeper who did an excellent job with a smiley, cheerful attitude.Overall we were very pleased and would certainly return.	
Jul 15 2008 	Great London Hilton	I've stayed at many of the Hiltons in London and I have to say that this is one of the best. I was upgraded to a suite which was large and comfortable. Everything was very clean and overall the room was excellent, faced into the courtyard area so there was no traffic noise.As has been said before it's a great location for pubs and restaurants and very convenient for Central London.Breakfast was buffet style. Huge selection and everything freshly cooked.	
Jul 7 2008 	Much more than I expected! Loved it!	Our trip to the UK had us in London twice. We stayed here after we had stayed at another London Hilton and we did not expect the LARGE room and the great service. The front desk remembered us after our check in; the concierge was extremely helpful in finding a small pub that had been recommended; the buffet breakfast included in our rate was extensive but the large room blew us away. I mean, this is London! We also enjoyed the area very much. Just step outside the hotel and you are in the midst of a vibrant street scene: outdoor cafes, open air markets and a few short blocks from the tube (Angel station- last stop in zone 1) and the N1 'mall'. We found our new home away from home in London.	
Jun 19 2008 	Functional and convenient	I should say I'm not a fan of personality-free corporate hotel chains. That said, I booked this through lastminute.com's 'Secret Hotels' (&quot;4* in Islington&quot;) because I needed somewhere in that part of town and didn't want any hassle. The hotel did its job perfectly - no hassle, quick service, friendly staff. The room was a good size, with a comfy bed. As with other chains like this, extras were VERY expensive, but I didn't bother with them - I'm amazed people still put up with hotels charging for WiFi access. So, in summary, a good location, a trouble-free stay, very comfortable, and good value if you get a deal - but beware the extra costs if you want breakfast or internet access. (For breakfast, head across the street to the S&amp;M cafe on Essex Road - excellent sausages!)	
Jun 16 2008 	Fantastic hotel with great location!	We booked this hotel through lastminute.com and got it for £157 for 2 nights as a top secret hotel and was really pleased when we saw it was a hilton. We'd never stayed at a Hilton before so wasnt sure what to expect but it was brilliant. The front desk lady was really nice and booked us into our rooms no problem. We had two rooms in our party but we had booked sepreatly but she made sure we had rooms next to each other with no fuss at all. The rooms were a really good size for London and there was loads of room so you didnt feel cramped. The big plazma screen was fantasic and the beds were really comfortable and large! Tea and Coffee stuff was nice and even got herbal teas which is a nice touch. The bathroom was large and there was Crabtree and Evelyn toiletres which were replaced every day we were there which is unusal but great! The units in the room and bathroom looks dated in the photos but its not in real life and is really smart.The location was fantastic its a 5 min walk max on a straight road from Angel tube station (which is 1 stop from kings cross, it is really quick to get into central london) and was really easy to find. islington is like a mini town and has a Boots, Sainsburys, Monsoon, Waterstones etc all about 3 mins walk away. There are some really nice pubs and restaurants 2 mins walk from hotel, Cafe Uno is really nice! We didnt need to go into the centre of London at night cause there was so much to do so close to the hotel.Overall the hotel and the location were fantastic and I would stay there again.	
Jun 15 2008 	Wonderful stay!	Stayed here since I was attending a concert in London that evening; booked through lastminute.com and got a decent rate too. Very accessible to both public transport and the local amenities such as restaurants, which meant I didn't have to pay through the nose for room service. Very comfy bed, nice big room and Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries - what more could you want? If I got the same great deal on another occasion, I would have no hesitation in staying here again!	
Jun 1 2008 	Great hotel - just one flaw...	Excellent location, 5 minute walk from the tube and buses, 20 minutes into the city. Lovely hotel, nice decor and excellent staff. Most uncomfortable bed we've ever slept in though which results in a lower rating than it could have achieved.	
May 27 2008 	Decent Hilton in area with few hotels	This is not the easiest part of London in which to find a hotel, let alone a good price for one. However, this Hilton is above the usual UK Hilton standard, and so merits its price tag. The location is great for Islington, and within walking distance (at a stretch, and not with heavy bags) of Kings Cross St Pancras. Clean and comfortable, with friendly staff - would stay again.	
May 21 2008 	Great hotel	Great hotel not as good as the Hilton can be, be still a great hotel in a good location.	
Apr 29 2008 	Great Location Comfy Room	We stayed at the Hilton for three nights during a quick visit to London. I was a bit apprehensive about the location because I won this hotel on Priceline for $90 per night, but we were pleasantly pleased with the location and the room. The hotel is a five minute walk from Angel station, which is convenient to most of London (one stop from King's Cross/Pancras, which is a larger station.)Our room, #233, was a non-smoking room with a very comfortable bed and well-appointed bathroom. Very quiet and enjoyable. The window overlooked a courtyard but we weren't there to spend time at the hotel. Like most major chains, breakfast is not included. Sadly, the hotel did not have a gym and to use a nearby facility (down Essex Street, a three-minute walk) incurred a charge, even though they gave Hilton guests a 5 pound reduction.The location is actually superb....there is everything you need in the area from a Marks &amp; Spencer to great restaurants to even a Borders and Starbucks. In a little outdoor mall area there is even a Sushi Yo! and a Wagamama, which is an amazing restaurant with great food.The one thing we found troubling was that to use the phone in the room would require a 2-pound connection charge each time we dialed out, including toll-free numbers. For some reason, we could not access the toll-free number from the phones in the lobby but one of the managers was kind enough to allow us to use the concierge's line. What a lifesaver as we were desperate to let family back home know we arrived safely. When we asked a receptionist (Amy) for permission to use the concierge line before our departure, she sadly would not give us permission to do so. Fortunately, we found a famous red phone book on the main street and were able to call home.We were certainly stay here again. The housekeeping staff was very helpful and accommodating.	
Apr 26 2008	Aside from a broken toilet a good stay	This review is based on a four-night business stay. My rate included the breakfast, which was very good and worth the price.Considering this is London, the room was relatively large. I think my room may have been bigger than average because I was in a corner of the hallway. If memory serves me right, this was called a &quot;Club Room.&quot; I'd advise asking for one when you book, since this gives you a more comfortable feel. The room amenities were fine, although Internet access was rather expensive.The one problem with my room was that the toilet would not flush at all. I reported it broken the first day. On the second day, I could tell it had been repaired, however, it still had trouble flushing consistently. I eventually figured out how to work it, but it was a pain.As for location, this is a nice area with tons of eating options. There are plenty of Indian, Thai and Italian restaurants within a very short walk. You are also close to the tube &quot;Angel&quot; station, which I'd advise for a faster, cheaper trip to/from Heathrow.Also, keep in mind there is no fitness room with this hotel. They will send you to another location at an extra charge.But aside from the broken toilet, this was a great stay.	
Apr 8 2008 	Nice Hotel - good location	Just back from a weekend in London. Stayed at the Hilton Islington for two nights. Got a great rate with Londontown.com. Hotel is in a great location. Around 3 minutes walk to Angel tube station (even tho it was closed last weekend for maintenance) and Kings Cross station.Located right on the main st with loads of restaurants and bars in the immediate facinity.The rooms were nice, newly refurbished. The bathrooms were ok. Just what you want when your not spending alot of time in the room.Overall i would recommend this hotel as a good base. Staff were extreamly helpful and friendly.Not a four star standard, but for the rate i got and its location it was a great deal.	
Apr 4 2008 	One Of The Best	This was one of the best hotels I have stayed in! Travelled to London to see Arsenal play newcastle and stayed on the 29th Jan 08. Not one problem with the hotel as it was clean, had very helpful staff, breakfast was good and the fact they let me try full halfs of lager before i purchased full pints. Room was very modern LCD tv's lovely furniture etc... I would definatly recommend this hotel to eveyone from tourists to corperate personnel. Some very nice places to eat nearby. exit the hotel access road to the left and try the Masala Zone (obviously indian grub) it had a great selection on the menu and all the meals myself and friends had were very tasty indeed.Hope this changes people's opinion of this hotel.P.s Arsenal won which was a bonus!!!	
Mar 25 2008 	Great Hotel	Booked the room at hilton.com Got a good rate which included 1 breakfast and 1 dinner. The room size was good, which included a flat screen tv, desk, chair. The bed could have been more comfortable but it did the job. We requested foam pillows and they were there when we arrived. The room also included a bottle of still and sparkling water. Not sure if this is free for everyone of b/c we are hilton honor memebers. They also left shortbread cookies each day. The bathroom was a very nice size with nice toiletries. We were on the 3rd floor with a nice view of the street. The staff was excellent. We missed the breakfast b/c we missed our wake up call and the manager sent up coffee, juice and pastries. Overall we would stay here again without a doubt as long as we got a good deal. This hotel was expensive but worth it.	
Feb 25 2008 	OK but not the best	My husband and I stayed here for locality to Fifteen restaurant for birthday surprise.The good first:Great shower,seperate controllable power and temperature. Big shower enclosure.Crabtree &amp; Evelyn comp products. 2 double beds (more like large singles),clean white linens and duvets.Large flat screen tv,tea/coffee etc + kettle.Digital alarm clock.Wired internet in room £15 inclu vat for 24hrs. Wireless internet in lobby (buy vouchers in reception..Now the bad:He had booked a smoking room and this was very obvious when entering the room,it absolutly stank of old cigarette smoke,cant quite understand this as have stayed in many smoking rooms and no smell noticable to me and i am a smoker! This was made worse by the fact that the window didn't open!The view from the window was of a rubbish strewn alley and back of houses.My husband had breakfast and he said:Clean,tidy, efficient service.Buffet breakfast, tea,coffee,table service.Good variety of foods and all fresh cooked.Yoghurts,fruit,selection of breads,cheeses,cereals and full english as well.	
Feb 15 2008 	Quick trip to London	My fiance surprised me with a birthday trip to London. We found the hotel to very nice overall. It is right in the heart of Islington, just a 5 minute walk from Angel tube station. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel, but accross the road there is a nice funky cafe with serve great breakfast. The are lots of bars and restaurants nearby the hotel also. The room was modern and very clean.	
Feb 8 2008 	Good value base	This hotel is well located for both the financial district and other central London areas as it is close to the Angel tube station that is just a few minutes walk away.The hotel itself is clean and comfortable and my bedroom was a good size, although the furnishings were nothing special. The room could benefit from a more comfortable easy chair but as my stay was only one night this wasn't an issue. There was some noise from water pipes which disturbed my sleep; perhaps I was just unlucky with my room. Service was quick and efficient but nothing more.There are seemingly endless restaurants and bars in the locality, all within walking distance. There's also a shopping centre between the hotel and the Angel station.All in all this was a good value stay for the rate paid given the prices of similar hotels in London.	
Jan 23 2008 	Clean Hotel in City Location	Clean room, fairly spacious for a short stay. Flat screen tv with limited choice of channels. Comfortable bed with white linen. tea/coffee facilities in room along with iron and ironing board. On the negative side the towels were thin, the loo roll was single ply as was the insulation between rooms! Bedroom window did not open and the room had an unpleasant odour. Shower was a disgrace, with a dribble of water and did not give a refreshing start to the day. No traffic noise, close to Angel for the London Underground and bus routes into the city. At £135 room only I won't be rushing back.	
Jan 15 2008 	Great location nice staff lovely hotel	The Hilton London Islington Hotel is located in an excellent location. Hotel is a short walk from the Angel Tube Station on the Northern Line. There are numerous nice bars, restaurants and cafes on the same street as the hotel. Hotel has a nice restaurant and small bar. Staff are lovely and room was more than adequate.	
Dec 31 2007 	OK hotel but extras very expensive	Stayed overnight Saturday to Sunday. Check in was easy and rooms were fine for 1 night although the lighting was very poor and very little light from windows. Bathroom speaker from the radio didn't work and curtains wouldn't close. We were offered buffet breakfast at £17 not including coffee/tea which seems a lot for a self-service offering so we passed. There's car park under the hotel and while I don't blame the Hilton for the charges (it doesn't belong to them) we felt that £42.20 for not much more than overnight was well over the top.I'd go back there if we got the great rate through Hotwire but next time we won't bring the car!	
Dec 27 2007	Nice Hotel Good neighborhood	This is a great hotel. Very comfortable bed. Nice, clean room. Staff was helpful with info on how to get around by tube. The restaurant has good coffee. Felt like a 5 star. The hotel is located a couple of blocks from the Angel tube stop on the Northern line. Easy walk from the station. It is located in a good area with a mall, small shops and a Union Burger (good burgers) right across the street. I would stay here again for sure.	
Dec 21 2007 	Great location for London stay	We stayed at the Hilton Islington for 10 days prior to a cruise. The location is an easy 5-7 minute walk to the Angel Tube station and a 3-5 minute walk to the major bus stops. The hotel rooms are the largest rooms we have ever stayed in while visiting the UK. The bath room was very modern and had a speaker from the tv as well. The room included an ironing board and hair dryer. The rooms have internet access, but we did not take a laptop so had to rely on the computer downstairs at 3 pounds for 15 minutes. We got a great rate on hotwire and would certainly recommend this location to those who don't &quot;need&quot; to stay in the heart of London. This is just 1.5 miles from St. Paul's Cathedral/the City area. We connected for most underground lines at King's X/St. Pancras or Euston. Getting around from here was very convient and easy. For those traveling through Heathrow, there is a ground level access/elevator 1 tube stop up (about 10-12 pounds via taxi) for the Picadilly line. This makes for easy and cheap transport to Heathrow.Tons of good places to eat, just a few steps outside the hotel. We certainly would stay again. For $99 US a night we felt like we had a great find.	
Dec 20 2007 	Comfortable hotel	I stayed at the Hilton London Islington for work. Nice location, surrounded by great restaurants and pubs. The rooms are large - pretty comfortable. Internet not included and pretty expensive approx. $30 for a 24-hr period. Not convenient if you are here for business. Staff friendly enough. Overall a good hotel.	
Dec 1 2007	good location	I'm in the hotel right now. good hotel in a good location for local bars etc, but the standards were not great- if I had got a better deal I would have been happier	
Nov 5 2007 	Could not fault this hotel	We stayed at the Hilton Islington after booking it via LastMinute.com through their Top Secret Hotels deal. A total bargain at £63 p.n for a double room.Although before checkout you don't know the name of the hotel, it's easy to figure it out from the reviews :)Anyway, the hotel was lovely and i honestly could not fault one thing about it.Just a couple of minutes walk from Angel Tube station and there are loads of really nice restaurants and pubs on Upper Street (just across the road from the hotel)The room was a really good size and had all of the necessary amenities (including a flat screen tv, iron/ironing board etc) Lovely big bed and it was comfy too !!We didn't bother with breakfast as at £17.50 p.p it was a bit too much. We'd stay at the Hilton again without a doubt.	
Oct 30 2007 	No way is this 4 star.	This is not a 4 star hotel - It has no amenties such as pool, gym &amp; minibar (or fridge) - the only vending machine that worked was on a different floor &amp; charged minibar prices (without the convenience. While the room was large, comfortable &amp; clean, it is lacking in some areas. The beds are very springy. There isn't a powerpoint to plug your laptop etc at the desk without climbing under the desk. I asked for an extension cord, but they didn't have one. The clock is nowhere near the bed, so the snooze function is next to useless. The water pressure in the shower was very low.Prices charged for communications are astronomical. GBP 15 for 24hrs of internet. I only needed short periods to check email. Phone calls to Australia are GBP 8 per minute. Hilton is gouging with these prices esp. given the level of quality. Luckily this time I had an office to go to. Hilton should realise that people just don't use these facilities at all and go elsewhere. It leaves a very bad taste in your mouth.The staff were friendly enough, just not very helpful.The location is fantastic. Five minutes from Angel. The restaurants and pubs are lively and inexpensive. I ate at Le Mercury and dinner (Crayfish Ravioli, Chicken with Lentils, a cocktail and a glass of wine) came to less than GBP 20.00. The food was great. There is also a Sainsbury, unfortunately, there is no fridge in the room to put anything.I got a good buy on Priceline (USD 87.00 per night) but overall came away feeling that people only stay there when they can get a room at a high discount. Again it is not a 4 star hotel - lucky to be a 3, given the lack of amenities.	
Oct 1 2007 	Excellent value and rooms great location	A true priceline bargain at £45 for a one-night stay - one of the best four-star deals I've ever had.Location: at the Angel end of Upper Street (a few minutes' walk from the Tube), near the Business Design Centre. Upper Street gets a bit posher as it heads North but there are endless restaurants, pubs etc. as you head up there or Essex Road.Decor: nice subdued lobby, modern and unobtrusive decor in the room, but the corridors had unbelievable shrieking orange carpet and exposed brick, very seventies and clashing with the low-key elegance of the rooms.Rooms: Big, comfortable, good bed, LCD television (with a rather paltry selection of channels, but including some European ones). Tea and coffee making facilities, no mini-bar. Good-sized bathroom with above-average shower. Excellent standard of cleanliness. Ice machine on each floor (and vending machine for 'essentials' but this was empty).Didn't try the hotel bar or restaurant, both certainly looked at least adequate.A bit of a characterless hotel, certainly comfortable enough, a businessy rather than a touristy atmosphere, but extremely convenient for most areas of interest in London (5 minutes by Tube from King's Cross) and in a vibrant area. Recommended.	
Sep 30 2007 	Good stay at convenient location	Great Location, helpful staff. Got a great deal on Hotwire!Internet not included, but that is standard in Europe. Only a few blocks from the tube. Very safe. Nice room, updated hotel, very modern.	
Sep 16 2007 	Loved the area	Booked a late deal and proved excellent value for money. The room was spacious and very clean. Islington is a great area with lots of bars, cafes and restaurants to choose from and reasonably priced. Recommended.	
Sep 9 2007 	My new fav hotel in London	Stayed at Hilton Islington Aug 23rd and 24thTook the first capital connect from gatwick to kingscross and a cab to the hotel.Hilton Islington is tucked away in the corner from a street full of shops, boutiques, bars really a great areaTheres a wine/liquor store on the corner and Sainsbury grocery store and a starbucks all less than 5 minutes walk from the hotelThe hotel room was small but adequate and clean, plasma TV, no tub standup shower, low pressure water in sink but shower was great. Dont use the ice machine there was SLIME, anyone from Houston Texas knows Marvin Zindler God rest his soul we learn to investigate the ice machine lol. The staff was very friendly however they didnt give me my Hilton honors points because I booked via hotwire.All in all i loved this hotel, clean comfortable great price awesome location.	
Sep 5 2007 	Overall a great stay	We booked this hotel on Hotwire, and for less than $100 USD a night, were very, very pleased with what we got. The hotel is a 3-5 minute walk from the Angel tube station, surrounded by places to eat, shops, and grocery stores. The room was spacious and clean.There was one unpleasant incident with the hot water not working our first morning there--the hotel had it fixed within the day, and we did receive an apology note. We also had one unpleasant run in with a member of the housekeeping staff, who didn't appreciate that on our one day to sleep in on our vacation we actually had slept in (we left the hotel at about 10:30, as opposed to 8:30), and subsequently interrupted her cleaning schedule. After huffing her displeasure and asking when she might come back to clean the room, she never bothered. But we didn't consider that reflective of the hotel, just of that one particular staff member.The front desk staff were helpful and polite. Again, for the price we paid for this hotel, we have no complaints whatsoever. It was a very nice stay.	
Aug 25 2007 	Very Nice	Was here from 21 - 23 August 2007. Well treated and given a free upgrade with breakfast !! Enjoyed the local area and as previously stated not too far from central London by Tube.Staff very pleasant and rooms clean and tidy with new flatscreen TV's. Like to move about however, this is a nice hotel and I can recommend it as long as you do not want to be in central London.	
Aug 22 2007 	Great rooms and location - service well intentioned but not fine tuned	This hotel is above average by London standards. The rooms are really nice and the hotel is clean. For the price, it's a great deal - the location is not in central London but close enough. The tube stop is right around the corner and the neighborhood itself is very cute with shops, restaurants and pubs. I felt safe in the neighborhood. The hotel staff is well intentioned but I couldn't help but feel that the service isn't what you expect at Hilton. My wake up call did not come the first day, on the second day it came 30 minutes EARLY.. by day three I finally got the right wake up call. Be careful because the &quot;24 hour&quot; internet billing tries to charge you every 8-12 hours - I notified the front desk and they corrected it. At breakfast, I wasn't served coffee until after my meal for the first two days, when i finally said something, the staff over-corrected themselves and practically stood over me while I ate to make sure that I had everything... it was a little annoying (but well intentioned) Also - don't ask the concierge staff to call you a taxi - get your own on the curb - they call a private car service rather than taxis and they charge about 20% more than a London taxi (I tested this a couple of times)	
Aug 19 2007 	Very nice good location	We stayed here in April 07 and have no complaints.The hotel is well located in a very nice area, and the tube station (Angel) is only a 5 minute walk from the hotel. Around the hotel is a good choice of bars, cafes and restaurants.Our room was quite spacious - larger than expected for Central London. The staff were very pleasant, and brunch in the bar/dining room was very nice and reasonably priced.The hallways on our bedroom level looked a little odd and somewhat dates - very swirly carpets and exposed bright yellow brick!Lovely hotel. I would stay there again.	
Aug 7 2007 	Good value attractive village-like location	I paid about 60 GBP/night through Hotwire and definitely got value for money. The hotel is a short walk from the Angel tube station (northern line). Islington is obviously up and coming, an emergent upmarket village atmosphere characterizes the bustling, multicultural neighbourhood with excellent food and shopping opportunities. The decor of the large room was pleasant, new, and tidy. The lack of an in-room safe is an unfortunate omission. The ridiculous phone charges (8 GBP for one minute to New Zealand) sent me to a nearby phone booth. Overall a greatly enjoyable stay, though.	
Aug 4 2007 	surprising!	We booked this over lastminute.com as one of their secret hotels!Had we known at the time of booking it was a hilton we wouldn't of gone - we had a very bad experience at the stanstead one.But having paid for it we went.It was pretty cool, our room was nice and big and very well decorated. The bathroom was nice and big and the room had nice touches like music in the bathroom and all that.The bed was really nice and comfy. The hotel is only two stops from Euston.I would go here again.	
Jul 19 2007 	One of the best Hiltons I've stayed at	I booked this Hilton after reading other reviews on this site and I have to say it's good reviews were well deserved. The location although not central London is awesome. Shops, a movie theater, restaurants and a tube stop (Angel) were all within 5 minutes walking distance. My room was quiet, comfortable, the air conditioning was actually cold (some hotels have it preset and it's hardly AC at all) and the shower pressure great. Staff was helpful and friendly. I've stayed at two other Hiltons in London and this was by far the best in terms of value for the money (not cheap by any means but a good value for a Hilton).	
Jun 14 2007 	really nice	I have to say I would never have booked a room there if it hadn't been for the special deal I got. I'm not the richest person so I'm always looking for at least semi-cheap rates and am also very location-oriented.We got there a little early (11 am) and asked if we could still check in and the front desk checked to see if there's something available. We were offered a disabled room, which was fine with us; as described it had more room to move around. The room was clean too and it had a water boiler, tea bags and some cookies (I love this about hotels in England) which were filled up promptly the next day.The hotel is in a good location, only a 5 minute walk from the tube station. Generally this hotel is in a nice area with lots of shops, an arcade, plenty of choice regarding meals, there's a drugstore and supermarket within walking distance and some pubs too.The staff was friendly and we were especially glad about the hassle-free early check-in.We didn't eat there or check out any amenities.For the special rate I got I would definately go again next time I'm on vacation in London. I don't know about the usual rates.	
May 16 2007 	Good hotel great value!	We stayed at the Hilton Islington for a Friday night recently and got it for under £100 through Opodo, which I think is brilliant value for a good London hotel. The area is upmarket and full of life, with such a choice of bars and restaurants literally on the doorstep. We wanted to stay in this area as we were going to the Almeida restaurant, which I would recommend highly. We were upgraded to a King Deluxe Club room, which was very large and immaculately clean. The hotel is modern and comfortable and all staff I encountered were friendly and helpful. Lovely Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries in the room and a fluffy robe too. Didn't have breakfast there due to poor reviews on this site. Instead we went to Camden Passage (right opposite the hotel) and found The Breakfast Club, which was extremely popular, had to wait 10 minutes for a table, but worth it. It does all kinds of different breakfasts, smoothies etc and the surroundings are really unusual. All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel if you can be slightly away from central London or if you do not want to have to take out a second mortgage to finance your stay!	
May 12 2007 	Best Stay so far	I have stayed at this hotel many times in the past few years &amp; had some problems but this trip was very un-eventful, yes one of the better stays (three nights).Check in was excellent, the room (they upgraded me) was one of the best in the hotel &amp; the breakfast each day was very good.My wife &amp; I also eat in the restaurant one night &amp; again the food was fine. There are better restaurants in the area but it was raining &amp; we did not want to leave the hotel. I always try &amp; stay at this hotel due to its location my only complaint (nothing to do with the hotel) is the police &amp; other sirens at night. Looking forward to another stay on my next trip to London	
Apr 23 2007 	Excellent hotel good location	Great location, excellent staff, good price.The hotel is 5 minute walk to the Angel tube station and from there you can easily access any major site in London. The hotel is less than an hour from Heathrow airport.There are also plenty of reasonably-priced restaurants nearby.We paid about $100 US from hotwire.	
Apr 14 2007 	Good for the price	I obtained a wonderful price for this hotel on Hotwire so for the price paid my overall experience was good. The hotel is very well situated: about three blocks from the Angel tube station and right off Upper Street which is lined with restaurants, pubs and even a Starbucks right across the tube station. You are just a couple of tube stations away from Covent Garden and most places in Central London. The hotel is in a fair condition although the furniture in the rooms looks a little old and the rooms are kind of small (which is standard for London). For a Hilton, and a four star hotel, I expected a little bit more in terms of service and amenities. The room did not have a safe box for example, nor a mini-bar. There are vending machines in every floor but none of them worked during the three nights I stayed there. But, there is a lttle store on the corner whre you can buy water, drinks, etc. if you need to.	
Apr 10 2007	Poor poor security	The hotel itself was of good standard and the food was also good. Our trip however was ruined by a theft in the lobby of the hotel which could have been easily avoided if the hotel paid a little more attention to security. Basically a scam artist (very dodgy looking) was able to waltz in and steal an expensive mobile phone from under our eyes, and make a run for it even when we were shouting 'THIEF!' because there was absolutely no staff in the hotel lobby present to challenge him, or stop him entering in the first place. For a four star hotel I thought this was appalling, and severely tainted our opinion of the Hilton chain. My main advise would be to be very vigilant in the lobby of this particular hotel.	
Apr 4 2007 	Great Place to Stay	For my first trip to London I booked my hotel through Priceline so was a little nervous about what I would get. Happily I had no reason to worry. The Islington Hilton was a wonderful place to stay. Only about a 5 min walk from the Angle tube station,it was easy to find. The staff were very helpful and seemed to be knowledgeable about the general area pointing me in the direction of the nearest post office when I wanted to mail some postcards. The room was very spacious and the bed was comfortable.I can not comment on the food as I did not eat at the hotel during my stay. But there are many good pubs and restaurants nearby along with a Boots and Tesco. A very nice neighborhood to stay in, and while not in the center of London it was a short tube ride away to the major attractions. While the Hilton's prices are out of my budget making it impossible for me to stay there normally next time I visit and use Priceline I will be hoping that I get this hotel again.	
Mar 29 2007	Below My Expection for a Hilton	I booked this property due to the price (best value) and the convinence to the tube station since I had an early connection to the Waterloo station the next morning. Arrived the hotel around 5PM due to the MAJOR baggage delay (Thanks British Airways, missing out whole tank of luggages without ANY single agent showing up). This is a short walk from the Angel Station, and the area is very nice, its good for first time solo travelers since they are easy to find. As a HH Gold member, i got turned down for the upgrade to the club rooms (I am sure they have plenty but they said no). But i got breakfast instead. The staffs are nice and helpful (well, some aren't that knowledgable for the local areas but oh well, its not hard to get around the area once you have a tube map). They also let people to borrow AC adaptors too!The room is big for UK size/European standard. Typical Crabtree &amp; Evelyn products but the mattress, as other members suggested - sucks! The bed is so springy..I mean seriously, when I sit on it I can hear the spring sound and I can actually COUNT on how many springs they have on my mattress.. What happened to the hilton sweet sleeper bed? The rooms appears to be clean BUT the soap dishes are green!! moldy!! nasty!!!I mean Its not that expensive to change a soap dishes right? The A/C in the room works like a charm, I really appreciated that. The breakfast wasn't THAT bad in my opinion. UK is not a country known for the delicious cusine. Even McDonalds taste worse in here than the states (in my opinion). However, the breakfast is decent enough to feed you if you just want to fill yourself up in the morning. In contrast to the previous revewer, the screamble eggs ARE NOT COLD. Its hot, the guy makes it infront of me, and he takes requests too - pretty nice (except that they don't make omelttes). Fresh Juices, fruits, yogurts, few meat selections available but I would not pay full price for this breakfast tho. THere are many pubs and restaurants within walking distance so you should try it out. Love the pubs next to the hotel, cheap place to chill for the night!	
Mar 27 2007	Comfortable stay for convenience only	Got a good deal on this hotel on Lastminute.com fro £63 ( secret hotel but you can work it out generally). Needed a cheap stay in this area for a night for it was ideal for me for a bed for the night.When i checked in I was told i had been upgraded to a delux room, i was excited but when i got to the room I was brought bacj down to earth as it was very average and very small, still very clean and all i needed. Good value for the moneyI ordered room service as was too tired to leave the room, wish i had as there looked like a hughe choice or restaurants in teh immediate area. I ordered the risoto, it was £12 but after the £3.75 tray charge it was expensive- I only had a bit of it as it was so salty I couldnt eat it. Lucky I wasnt starving.Nice crabtree and Everlyn products.The room was cold, I put the heat up as much as I could but couldnt warm up, the covers were very thin and it was lucky i had two beds, i nicked the other duvet and had two. I woudl stay again if i coudl get the same rate and needed to be in the area but would not eat there!.	
Mar 6 2007	Could not recommend	When we arrived at 3.30 p.m. having travelled since 10.00 a.m. the hotel had no electricity so we could not check in. They said it was a fault on the grid - but all the surrounding premises appeared to have electricity. They stored our bags and said the problem would be fixed by 5 p.m. and then minutes later that was changed to 6 p.m. so we left and went to a pub just around the corner ( 2 mins walk) which had electricity. At 6 p.m. we returned &amp; checked in.We had booked for 3 people at £166.00 per night for B&amp;B and paid in advance.There were 3 cups in the room, 2 bottles of water, 2 bath towels and 1 bath robe! So we could all have tea together but would have to share towels?We went out and returned at 8.45 p.m. to freshen up before dinner. This time the hotel fire alarm was sounding, people were leaving and the fire brigade arrived 1 minute after us!  Positives:(1) Our room was clean, big and bright.(2) The staff were polite(3) The location is excellent - Angel tube about 5 mins walk(4) Lots of good pubs and restaurants in the vicinity.Negatives:(1) The breakfast is disgusting and at £16.00 an absolute rip-off. Horrible salty bacon, cold scrambled eggs, cold tea, and you have to make your own toast. I left this so called &quot;cooked breakfast&quot; on the table and went for fruit, ham, cheese and a roll. No selection of cheese - just slices of sweaty cheddar and poor quality ham. I cannot compliment any aspect of the two breakfasts I had to endure there - I so regretted having paid for the breakfast in advance.(2) Inadequate provision for the number of people in the room.(3) The heating system - it was cold but they don't have central heating - just a blow out air conditioning / heating unit which made a terrible racket. So wake up in a cold room, turn on the unit, go back to bed and get up 15 minutes later when the room is warm?(4) Our room key card failed twice and they tried to convince us we didn't know how to use it properly.(5) No mini-bar - it's supposed to be a 4 star(6) Finally to add insult to injury they tried to charge us again for our stay on checkout.The electrical problem may not have been their fault or the fire alarm going off but the rest of the problems could be fixed. Their staff have been trained to say Sir / Madam at will, but we wanted value for money, not just politeness.	
Feb 27 2007	Great Location	Great location. Spent a week there in February 2007. We found the angel location a short trip from anywhere in the city. THe neighborhood was intersting with great small pubs for quick meals. Staff was friendly and helpful. We had a family double, corner room. Very comfortable and large. On site restaurant a little pricy but very good food. Breakfast buffet a great deal if you get it with your room rate, lots of choice. Chapel Street marketplace a great diversion during the days. Bloomsbury, Russell Sq a short walk down ST John Street and RoseBury. Overall a nice place to stay would do it again without a second thought	
Feb 25 2007 	Leaves a Bit to be Desired	Once you reach the hotel, which takes a while as it is hidden from view from the road, it has a fairly good location in relation to the tube, about 4 blocks. The rooms were decent and clean, there is air conditioning for summer, the staff was friendly but not very knowledgeable about the surrounding area, and there is a parking lot beneath the hotel.However...1. Parking is ~ $85 USD per day (after $5 hotel discount) which is not disclosed when booking2. The fitness center is 1/2 mile away, in a shady part of town, and does not allow anyone under 18 to use the equipment or pool (also not disclosed, as we had children wanting to swim in the &quot;indoor&quot; pool)3. The hotel breakfast buffet is ~ $32 USD per person and is limited in selection4. There are no self-laundry services inside the hotelYet if you don't bring a car, don't excercise or swim, don't eat at the hotel, and don't rely on the staff for information about London, this is a reasonably good hotel for you (if you can find it).	
Feb 5 2007	Great Location Decent Hotel	I have stayed at the Hilton in Islington on 4 occassions over the years and find it to be a perfectly acceptable choice.It helps that I know the area, having lived there in the early 90s, but the hotel really does have a great location. You are 15 minutes from the heart of the West End by tube (25 minutes by bus), but should you wish for a different, less touristy experience, Upper Street has bars and restaurants to suit most tatstes and budgets.The value for money can vary enormously, and I have managed to get a deluxe room for £50 a night via Lastminute or £200 via the hotel. It certainly pays to shop around.On this visit I was upgraded to a suite, which made the £180.00 a night seem like good value, but beyond that the standard rooms are comfortable and quiet.All in all, this is a good hotel for those on business or vacation.	
Jan 4 2007 	Ok Only	For a 4 star hotel,our stay was very average.We chooze this hotel for practical reasons namely its location as its close to the emeirate stadiumn where we were going to see Arsenal play that night.For this reason it does well,but where it gets its 4 stars from i'll never Know perhaps because of its association with The Hilton tradename,it could be nothing else.The rooms wee bland and small no mini bar,and just basic in house services.The fire alarm went off at 11am the following morning for five minutes,fair enough they were doing a drill of which they had advised the night before but why not do it after check out time at 12 and an alarm ringing in you head for 5 minutes is not good.Twice housekeeping came to the door to do the room and then the porter came us to ask us if we were checking out and all before the check out time of 12,this was annoying and rude.For the price we had paid you would do far better in staying down the road in the jurys inn,islington where the service is better and the rooms cheaper.We wont be staying again!!!!!!.	
Jan 2 2007 	Weekend in London	Stayed here for a long weekend in November. Hotel was a nightmare to find as we missed the original turning and ended up on the dreaded one way streets but once we did get to the right road it was fine - won't make that mistake again!Check in was fab, staff very good and room was a pleasant surprise. Clean, comfortable and quiet. Islington was buzzing and it was nice to have a bite to eat in the nearby restaurants and bars. Hotel breakfast was fine - good choice and staff were good. Angel tube station is close by and getting into central London was easy. Would definitely stay there again	
Dec 28 2006	An Excellent 4* Hotel	The Hilton London Islington is an excellent all-round hotel. Its location is good, just off Upper Street, next to the Business Design Centre. It is a short walk from ANGEL Underground station, on the Bank Branch of the Northern Line, and there are also plenty of buses.The check-in was reasonably straightforward. The lobby area is pleasant, bright and clean.The rooms are of extremely high standard, with a lot of space, and a nice seating area. There is mineral water, wine and chocolate in the room each day. The decor is modern and the facilities are functional. The beds are comfortable, and there is air-conditioning. The bathroom is spacious, with a nice sized bath, and there are Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries upon each day.The restaurant is excellent, serving an outstanding buffet breakfast, which includes a hot selection, with freshly cooked eggs, waffles and pancakes. The dinner in the restaurant is also of excellent quality. A good variety of food can be found on the menu, and is bound to suit all tastes.I would recommend this hotel for any purpose, whether business or leisure, and for any length of stay.	
Dec 17 2006	Well recommended	Booked via Hotel Connexions, my stay here was most enjoyable, especially compared to some other London hotels, reputedly 4 star! The hotel is a few minutes from the Angel tube station, with easy access to London's attractions. It is also in a fascinating part of the city, with many antique and bric-a-brac establishments near by. The room was comfortable, modern and spacious (by London standards). Breakfast did get very busy on the Saturday morning, with people having to wait for available tables. However, there was printed advice about this in the lifts, and there was certainly no problem prior to 08:30.I definitely would stay here again.	
Dec 11 2006 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed for a weekend city break with my husband and we thoroughly enjoyed it. Staff were efficient and friendly and we were upograded to a de-luxe room FOC which was a bonus. Room was spacious, modern and clean with everything we needed. Breakfast was great with a wide choice and staff were helpful and efficient. Location was superb - two minutes walk from Angel tube and ideally located for mainline stations and getting around London. We felt safe walking from station to hotel early mormning and evening when there were fewer people around &amp; there were bars and restaurants on the main street although we didn't sample these. There is also a Sainsbury's &amp; M&amp;S located nearby the hotel which is handy. Would stay again - we really enjoyed our weekend break to see the sights &amp; shops - we also combined it with a visit to a Gordon Ramsay Resuarant - Boxwood Cafe which we can also thoroughly recommend.	
Dec 3 2006 	Solid choice good value great neighborhood	I used priceline to get a bargain in London and was given the Hilton in Islington for $100/night for 7 nights. I was a bit worried about the cookie cutter large chain thing and about being in North London (would it be too far away from places I wanted to visit?)Well, no worries. It's a fine hotel, good customer service (Ben the concierge was particularly nice) clean, good amenities, and in a great neighborhood. I loved Islington and Upper Street. Lots of cafes and shops, 5 minute walk to Angel tube, walkable to St. Paul's, and just a nice neighborhoody local and not touristy feel. I really felt like a Londoner in that neighborhood, unlike anytime I got near Piccadilly, where I felt I stood out like a sore thumb.The hotel itself is cookie cutter and what you'd expect, not up to American Hilton standards but par for the course for those in London. Completely acceptable, but not remarkable, and for $100/night on priceline, I'll take it anytime.	
Nov 22 2006 	Rude Reception	We stayed here for one night with our two kids in interconnecting rooms. It was clean and resonable and breakfast was fine. Not that atmospheric, but the location in the middle of Islington suited us as we were going to a party in the evening. When it came to checking out the next morning, there were some unidentified costs on the bill. It turned out our 6 year old son had been able to access pay per view material on the TV in his room. I asked what he had been able to watch and suggested that they should have put a parental lock on the TV as they knew two children would be sleeping in the room. The receptionist, whose name I remember was Akshit, was unbelieavably rude. He said they didn't list channels on the bill as it could include pornography. When I said that I was concerned that this had been available to my young children he said this wasn't his responsibility and was extremely rude and supercilious. So ok hotel - but beware of Akshit, he ruined my stay.	
Nov 21 2006 	Great Hotel excellent location	Stayed at hotel over weekend. Hotel is in an excellent location - Islington itself has everything you need from a social perspective for bars, restaurants, coffee shops etc. It is about a £6 cab ride from Kings X or only one stop on the tube.Hotel itself is very nice and modern with everything you need. Staff were excellent, very friendly, polite and professional.We got this deal for £89 per night bed and breakfast and one night dinner. Price wise it is on par with a central LondonTravel Lodges however is heads and shoulders above in terms of quality. Have to say that this hotel will be my new preferred choice when I stay in London from now on. Highly recommended!!!	
Nov 20 2006 	Handy for the Emirates stadium	Nice clean hotel, had family room, 2 double beds and one double sofa bed. Room was fairly standard, but had lots of space. Hotel does not have any leisure facilities. Check in/out very fast and efficient. Staff were very attentive and customer focused. Breakfast is usual all-you-can-eat hot/cold food, cereals fruit, bread etc etcHotel is roughly 20mins walk to Arsenal ground, and sited close to a variety of pubs and eateries...and some nice shops too. Angel underground is right outside.	
Nov 20 2006	Great hotel excellent staff and location.	I stayed at the Hilton Islington with a friend and found the hotel to be far better than we expected. We booked a special offer whereby we got a free evening meal on the first night and full breakfast on both mornings. After arriving at the hotel late on the Friday evening, the very helpful desk staff changed our free meal to the next evening. We were not expecting them to be so accomodating.The rooms are great and very comfortable. The staff cannot be faulted and no request is too much for them.Best of all, this hotel has an excellent location, right by loads of gread restaurants and bars. Ideal for a weekend away and not much more expensive than a grotty travel lodge.Would definitely stay again.	
Nov 15 2006 	Great Value	Booked a Hilton weekend break directly through the website - great value at under £80 per room per night, including breakfast and one evening meal.Hotel fairly modern, room quite spacious and clean. Close to Angel underground station, so only a few stops to all major attractions. Islington itself on your doorstep with loads of restaurants, pubs, cinema etc.Hotel staff very friendly and helpful.If you are looking for a good mid range hotel close to the centre of London I would highly recommend.	
Oct 17 2006 	no problems here.	stayed here over the weekend, had a king non-smoking as requested. Staff was friendly and helpful (though I don't usually ask for much other than peace and quiet). Hotel was clean and no problems... it's a little bit away from the city center but an easy 5 minute walk to Angel tube station. Location is nice enough, all kinds of local shops in the area and seems very safe even late at night. Vending machines instead of minibar, which is fine with me.This hotel does not compete on luxury with many of the much nicer city-center hotels, but it's generally priced much lower and I think the value for your money here is generally good.	
Oct 9 2006 	Great Hotel	Stayed here for 2 nights, friday and saturday, 2 adults 6th and 7th October 2006. Found the hotel was brilliant. Everywhere was so clean and bright and nicely decorated. Had everything we wanted. Did not eat in the restaurant so cant comment on that as we were out and about sightseeing and eating, but did have breakfast in bed which was a real treat!! Ordered lots of things on the menu and was delivered promptly at 8.00 a.m as requested. Paid a good price for the stay through lastminute.com which included the breakfast. Will be staying here again without a doubt. Angel tube station 5 minutes down the road with all lines to all places easily accessible. The hotel is situated on the main street of Islington but you are not disturbed with any noise due to hotel being set back from the main road. Plenty of bars and restaurants in the vicinity. Only one complaint did not have a fridge in our room which would have been useful. Never mind!! Good helpful and polite staff. Would recommend.	
Sep 11 2006 	Excellent Hotel Excellent Location	We only stayed for one night but the hotel was great and the staff were helpful. We were allocated a disabled room even though neither of us were and the bathroom was huge! The bed was comfortable with lots of pillows in the wardrobe if you needed them. There was even a yoga mat if people wanted to exercise.The free breakfast was superb, with a choice of hot or cold food. The hotel is about a 10 min walk from Angel tube station and is on the Northern Line.I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 28 2006	Trendy location	I have recently spent three nights at this Hotel with my family including my wife and three childrens aged 12, 4 , 1 booking two connecting rooms. Although I am Hilton Diamond Member they did not upgrade me to a better room due to the fact that they only have connecting doors on standard rooms. However I found the same slightly cosy but well refurbished.Reception and overall assistance on average with some good exception. I had dinner twice at the Mosaic Restaurant and in general food was acceptable but not exciting even considering the price. Also breakfast was good but due to the tight space provided you can suffer some queue with waiting time. I would rather recommend to spend time to eat elsewhere considering that the hotel is located in one of the best trendy place in London where you can taste how londoners live.But also centre of London such as Piccadilly, Regent Street and so on easibly to reach with bus and tube.In general we were satisfied of our stay and could choose once more to stay here in future.	
Jul 17 2006	Positive staff good location	Stayed five nights at this hotell first week of July during a heat wave in London. First night was a challenge because the air condition broke down, but we were given a new room next day without any problems, and the staff moved all our suitcases while we were out in London. We were two adult, one teen and one child and we were given a large family room (Hilton Club room with an extra bed). The room was clean, bath room spotless and the teen really enjoyed the big towels and the dressing gown. The staff was most helpful both with room, luggage and information for travelling around London. The hotel is located close to a busy street with many bus lines right out side the hotel and a 3 min walk from Angel tube station ideal for getting around London (take bus line 274 from Hyde park up past Regent park and through camden to Islington as a sight seeing). Although this central location, we did not experience any traffic noice because the hotel is not on the main street itself. We had breakfast in the hotel every morning and there was plenty of it. The kids were offered pancakes without asking. You can also have breakfast at one of the many small cafes and resturants immediately outside the hotel if you prefere. We had all our evening dinners outside the hotel in one of the many resturants just around the corner and enjoyed eating from a different culture cuisine every night. Apart from the air condition break down the first night, we had a very pleasant stay and we will use this hotel again for future visits to London because of its quiet location, nice staff, cleanliness and with many resturants nearby.	
Jun 28 2006	Centrally located and pleasant stay!	Stayed for 1 night on 20 June, just 10 mins walk from Angel tube station. Convenient location with lots of resturant and bars around.Check in is ok. Ask for a free upgrade because of the HHonors Gold VIP, given a Non-smoking Club room on level 1. No free breakfast, asked but said that one can only enjoy one offer at a time (1 week after the saty, received an apology from Manger about this error and promise to rectify this next time).Room is clean and spacious. Bathroom amenities just ok. Boiler, Tea, Wine complimentary. No noise at night (facing the courtyard). No swimming pool but free access to a Health Club nearby.Staff (Ben) very friendly and helpful. Internet Access at 3 pound per 15 mins.Connection to central London very easy via Waterloo or King's Cross.Shopping mall (N1) just one block away with shops like GAP, Woolworth, etc. Good choices for dining on the 2/F of the Mall, Yo Shushi, Japanese Noodle, Pub, Chinese Buffet resturant etc.	
May 29 2006 	Pleasant surprise	Spend 5 nights here in late May (business and leisure). The hotel is located 200 meters from a very convenient underground station (Angel on the Northern line which takes you to the vicinities of St Pauls, London Bridge and London Tower), whilst Islington per se is not a tourist attraction. 10 minute 13-15 pound night cab drive from downtown or 15 minute 17-18 pound cab drive to Paddington Station (for Heathrow Express). Supermarkets, cinemas and franchise eatings (from Starbucks to Wagamama) are all nearby.The neighbourhood has many little and less expensive restaurants, shops and bars (check out Kings Theatre on 115 Upper Street with free life music every night) where you can spend your evening away from the overpriced places, the tourist crowds or the noisy and drunken youth of Soho and Leicester Sq. 15 minutes walking brings you to the British Library with its magnificent exposition of very old and illustrated books.The Hilton is a pleasant surprise if you know London hotels (I know around 10 by know). Rooms are spacious (a luxury in London) and decoration is modern. Everything looks quite new and clean and doesnt smell (also uncommon in London). Only a few lame TV channels to keep you busy when it rains. Stuff is helpful but not going out of their way for you. Breakfast is a rip off (18£+VAT) of if you pay it apart. Better take a morning stroll and eat double the food for half the price at any nearby Café. Bathroom amenities are the minimum, ironing board in the room and quick/efficient housekeeping. Ask for a room facing backwards or the courtyard, since there are no views independently where your room is and at least you dont get the entrance ramp noise.Overall an adequate 4 star hotel, with a honest price/service relation, like you would expect in any other European city, but since this is London, it turned out a rather pleasant surprise for its star and price category.	
May 8 2006	Good Location 	My partner, daughter and I have just returned from our weekend at the Hilton, Islington. All three of us were very happy with our experience. Our room on the third floor was very spacious, it had two double beds along with a double sofa bed. There was no mini bar, however on departing the lift there was a vending machine with the usual minibar stock of drinks and snacks. It operated by inserting your room card and making your selection. The prices were very reasonable. The food in the hotel restaurant was quite nice however service was slow. Islington is a trendy part of London and filled with fantastic restaurants where service is not a problem. It's also an area where the atmosphere is lively but relaxing. Islington houses plenty of antique shops, however bring comfortable shoes as shoe shops are practically non existant. I would recommend this hotel and this area to anyone who wants to shop in the city by day (transport links are excellent) and chill out in the evening in an area where you can feel safe. The hotel is very good value for money and I would have no hesitation in recommending it to anyone. My ten year old was impressed with both the Hilton and Islington so much so that she forgot she had brought her playstation and was happy to walk, eat, shop and not complain!!!!	
Apr 19 2006 	Great Location for London Tourism or Business	Stayed here as part of a dual pleasure and business trip. Nice, clean business type hotel up to the Hilton standard. Staff was very helpful. About a 3 minute walk from the Angel Tube station, which makes getting to anywhere in London in 10-15 minutes very easy indeed. The best part of this hotel was the location in the centre of Islington and it's many shops, bars and restaurants within an easy walk. Will stay here next time in London!	
Mar 21 2006 	I will never stay in a Hilton again	This has to be one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in in this category. The service was shocking; I stayed 2 nights, and on both mornings was woken at the wrong time for my wake-up call (on the first day, 2 hours early). I mentioned this at reception and didn't even get an apology, but the worst thing of all was the complete rip-off regarding internet access. Any other hotel I've stayed at which offers a 24-hour in-room access rate, calculates the 24 hours from the time you first log on. Not this one.I logged on for the first time just after noon, and again for less than 5 minutes just after midnight and they charged me for 2 full days' internet use. When I queried this on check-out the manager just told me that it was clearly stated (it wasn't) and basically tough luck. There was no water or mini bar in the rooms, (mostly) unhelpful and unknowledgable staff, and the worst corridor decor I've seen in a long time. What can I say on a positive note? They didn't lose my laundry. Islington is a great part of London, and if I go back there, I would stay 5 minutes walk from this hotel at the Jury's Inn where my folks stayed and had lovely happy, smiley service. I will go out of my way to avoid any hotel in the Hilton chain again in future. God, that makes me feel better, getting this off my chest. I travel regularly for work in lots of countries around the world, and I have never been moved to write a negative review before, but this place really got my goat.	
Jan 2 2006	This is a Great Property! Will Definitely Be Back...	Got a great price of roughly 85 pounds a night over New Year's weekend. Admittedly the gold member Hilton upgrade probably didn't hurt but I came away really, really, really liking this hotel and the Islington neighborhood.Lots of little bars and restaurants and cafes in the area I think what won me over with this hotel is that it's relatively small! And ironically that was a benefit. I also stayed at this hotel planning to take an early morning from London City Airport. Worked out perfectly. You can take the Tube from Angel to Bank and change there for easily for London City Airport. For those of you looking for an early morning departure from that part of London this hotel will work for you.What did I like about the hotel? Highly efficient front desk staff (Elvio was incredibly helpful and polite) and beautiful rooms. Hotel is modern in design, great location and I was very, very pleasantly surprised by the rate I got. Room is quite luxurious and bathrooms are nice.Enjoy your stay in the Islington area. And certainly feel free to use this hotel as your home while visiting any part of London.	
Aug 22 2005	A good base for a weekend in London	The Hilton is located just off the main street of Islington (Upper Street) by the British Design Centre. The nearest tube/metro stop is Angel (Northern Line) which is about a five minute walk from the hotel. Islington is a bustling part of London, and Upper Street has a great choice of shops, bars and restaurants, which you really should take the opportunity of enjoying rather than limiting yourself to the Hotel's restaurant and room service.The Hilton is undergoing refurbishment at the moment, BUT, unlike other london hotels, there is limited noise, and a lot of care from staff to ensure you have a good stay. Rooms are nice, and if you are lucky enough to be given a room on the 2nd Floor, (non-smoking only) these have just been refurbished and updated with more modern day furniture akin to that of the Executive Floors at the Hilton London Gatwick. Rooms feature all the things you would expect from Hilton. Rooms are air condtioned, but sadly, you cannot open the windows in your room for fresh air, which is a bit disappointing. Like the last reviewer, room service breakfast whilst nice, is cold by the time it gets to you, which is a shame really - as it is quite good. I didn't eat at the restaurant, but the service looked slow, and the food not that appetising, do yourself and your wallet a favour and take a walk into Islington.All in all a good hotel at a good price, would stay again!	
Aug 18 2005	Nice modern hotel in great area		
Jul 30 2005	Good Location		
Jul 13 2005	nice hotel great area 3 stars		
Apr 22 2005 	Recommend		
Apr 6 2005 	Good value for London		
Feb 28 2005	Good Option for North London		
Feb 3 2005	Worth considering		
Oct 15 2004	Good location ok rooms confused staff economical		
Jul 27 2004	Great Experience		
Nov 13 2009 	Mauvaise expérience grosse déception		
Sep 18 2009 	Déçu...		
Jul 23 2009 	ottimo hotel bella zona		
Jun 1 2009 	gutes Stadthotel		
Dec 9 2008	Duper Hotel Klasse Lage		
Jul 14 2008 	Hôtel très correct pour le centre de Londres		
