	Great value very convenient helpful staff hearty breakfast	We were there for 2 days and returned for another 7. Location couldn't be more convenient as it's a 5 minute walk to the Gloucester Street tube station with Picadilly, Circle, and District lines. Good, reasonable restaurants nearby and a grocery store at Gloucester and Cromwell. Staff was very nice and helpful. Breakfast is great. They call it continental, but it includes eggs, bacon or sausage, baked beans, toast, sweet rolls, cheese, meats, juice, etc. Only thing missing was fresh fruit. We stayed in two different rooms, both of which were quite nice. Really liked having the refrigerator. They have two non-smoking floors if you request ahead. Didn't try wifi but there are computers with internet access in the lobby, 1 GBP for 20 minutes. I guess we like crisp sheets and firm beds because we found everything very comfortable and clean.	
Nov 26 2009 	Nice and easy	What do you need for a week-end in London? A decent hotel with clean rooms, good breakfast and nice frontdesk service. If it can be in a great location like South Kensington, what else do you need? The tube is 100m away, you got a 5-minute walk to Hyde Park, in summary this is a good and cheap hotel, perfect for a short stay.	
Nov 24 2009 	Clean roombed too hard unable to use internet inside the room	I've been staying at the hotel for 5 nights.The room is clean and quiet,Of course the location is the best part of the choice.The price booked via theie hotel web site is the cheapest.The staff is nice.The breakfast is good,However, the downside is that:1) uncomforable bed which is too hard for me2) Unable to use the wifi inside the room, but u can use the computer in the lobby which costs u 1 lb for 20 min.3) U can have early check in , but with extra 20 pounds and every baggage u store in the hotel after checking out csodt u 1 lb per bag.Overall, I may choose again this hotel only when I need to saty nearby the gloucester road or really attarctive price.	
Nov 20 2009 	It was not what I expected	I stayed in this hotel in May 2009. My room was extremelly small (solo traveler) and there was no opening windows (or I could not open the specific windows!!!). Most of the times, I wanted to be out of the room, because I could not stay there for a lot of time. When I arrived, the woman in the reception was rude. Other members of the staff were more polite. The breakfast was average to poor. The price was reasonable. The location is great and really close to the tube. Rooms were clean, but the hotel surely needs a renovation.	
Nov 20 2009 	great location pleasant staff ok breakfast room a bit small	We stayed here Nov 2009. Its a really good location for Natural history and science museum etc and its a nicer area to walk around then many areas we have previously stayed in. Its 2-3 mins walk to goucester road tube station.and restaurants, bars and shops. Downside our room was a bit small and you get a fair bit of road noise but we didnt find it too much of a problem and it was very clean.Staff were helpful and breakfast was ok - not wonderful but certainly sufficient. We would recommend to freinds.	
Nov 4 2009 	Excellent price-quality ratio	Excellent location, near by tube station (200 m). Our room was in 1st floor, still it was quiet. As a central London hotel the room was huge... good bed, air conditioning, warm, clean, good breakfast! Well equipped room: hair dryer, safe and good light in toalet to do the make-up!! The breakfast room was small but if you are in business trip and early up, no queue, if you are on vacation you are not in a hurry! Very friendly and helpful personel.	
Oct 31 2009 	Good if you are looking for something value and central	It could look as an average hotel in a Victorian building. I think it was a bit better than that, it is very close to tube. The area is good. Rooms are ok. Rate is reasonable. Surely not a 5 star hotel but a very good base for an intensive visit of London.	
Oct 23 2009 	central	The position is perfect 250m from the underground, near all the places of attraction, the price has been optimal and the abundant breakfast, also the service is optimal if you had to return to London I would return sure here! …	
Oct 15 2009 	Good location no-frills.	The Park International is conveniently located near the circle line trains in Kensington, making the location perfect for anyone wanting to see the sights.The rooms themselves are incredibly small, and are relatively no-frills, though they do have a mini-fridge. The beds are a little too firm and the linens a little starchy, but the hotel is very quiet at night.The upkeep leaves a little to be desired. Most of the equipment in my room was run-down... the outlets were loose, the alarm clock couldn't be set (it was stuck an hour ahead), and the air conditioning unit was either too cold or not cold enough... there was no sweet spot.The staff were a little impersonal. Not exactly what I would call rude, but certainly not warm and inviting.All in all, the Park International is a decent value if you're not expecting too much from a hotel in London.	
Sep 9 2009 	Good location staff and value	Booked at the last minute or lastminute.com or laterooms.com , after deciding at the last day to spend a long weekend in London . The reviews were not very good , but my stay proved to be good and not many problems. My room was on the top floor and on the front . The street noise is a bit of a problem with the window ajar , but ok with it closed . The room had a clean bed and bathroom , with a large tv , tea making facility and safe.The reception staff were very helpful and the foyer very welcoming . As with many of the hotels in London , the bathrooms are on the smallest size but hot water was always available and fresh towels changed daily . Transport , tube and bus , are very close by and directions and locations provided by the staff were very good .  At the price , consider this to be very good value for money . Management could consider , increasing staff for morning breakfast , as sometimes the food service may be slow due to a large quantity of guests in the breakfast room .Staff attempt to do their best but sometimes are overwhelmed .Good english breakfast and additional cereals,toast and fruit were available .	
Jul 20 2009 	Don't Let the Front Door Fool You	It looks nice from the outside. Getting inside wasn't easy as we struggled with our luggage and the &quot;concierge&quot; stood by watching us. We reserved 2 rooms. One of the reasons we chose the Park was because they had AC--apparently not in all the rooms because it didn't work in one of ours. They did put a fan in to help with circulating the air. The drain for the tub in the other room didn't work so we had to switch rooms--they had only smoking left (in the bowels of the building). Rooms were not very clean. Safes in both rooms and clock in one didn't work. The &quot;restaurant&quot; is a misnomer--they only serve breakfast; it was adequate. They quoted a taxi ride to Heathrow is 45 pounds when actually it was 95 and they would not tell us whom they use for this service. We requested an adjustment for our fees due to the inconviences. They took 10% off which still was too much to pay for this hotel.	
Jul 11 2009 	Hard to beat location	I was reviewing another hotel and wanted to offer my comments from a stay two years ago. I would agree with most others that this is a great location. It's a very central spot with a tube station -- with links to virtually all of London's major attractions -- within a very short walk. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would say here again.	
Jul 2 2009 	Great location but very small rooms for a single traveller	Upon arrival, I found out that the air conditioning in my room was not working (it was not working actually on the entire 3 &amp; 4 floor). They promised to change the room in the morning next day to a bigger one with a balcony, which they did but gave me instead a ridiculously small room, where the air conditioning was working but the water was dripping from it onto the carpet. As it was totally impossible to open my suitcase unless it was sitting on the bed, I had to go back to the reception and ask them to change the room one more time. Luckily, there was a room 214 of an acceptable size. There only problem was the shower, which was of a very tiny size and the showering was a torture.Plus, the water was somehow leaking onto the floor, and I had to do some cleaning after every shower.The tube TV was tiny as well and the choice of channels was not great.The decor of the room was acceptable considering everything.Overall, if you are lucky enough to get a bigger and nicer room, the location is great, only 5-7 min. walk from the Gloucester Rd. Underground station (which is only 3 stops away from the Victoria Station - convenient if you are traveling back home from the Gatwick Airport). Plus the breakfast was substantial, even though a conventional English breakfast. It did not strike me as 3 star hotel, more like a 2+.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great location basic accomodation	Stayed at the Park International for four nights from 14th to 18th June, selected hotel for its location and tripple room (3 beds not sofa bed). Air conditioning in room worked. well, small fridge was ideal for keeping cool drinks and tea and coffee facilities too. Our room was at front of hotel - would ask for room to back of hotel if I were to return. Busy road and area. Reviewed this hotel on TA before went and reviews are accurate. Close to Gloucester Road tube - good line on circle/district and picad. lines good access to city. Shops and fast food &amp; restraunts in area. Hotel room small but clean.Breakfast reasonable for rate paid. The Breakfast room is compact and can get very busy - best to go early. Choice of hot and cold breakfast. Safe in room did not work - someone sent to look at it but that was it - not able to fix - had to use communial safe at reception. Did not make a fuss after receptionist communicated to me in her best english that this is common in most of the rooms at the hotel. The bar in the hotel is very small and has not much atmosphere or customers - it is situated in the area that is used for the overflow of guests from the main breakfast room in the morning time. I thought the bar would be better situated in the area to the left of the reception on entrance to the hotel whch had computer and seating - this area was far more comfortable and inviting. The bar could then be used to expand the breakfast room and make the area less cramped and cluttered.Overall I suppose this hotel is value for money we booked on hotel website and got 'summer discount' - 485stg approx for 2 adults and teenager for four nights.It served it purpose for us on this trip - some were safe and clean with a spot of breakfast.Will I return!!! verdict still out. I would be inclined to do a search on other hotels in area first and then maybe!! If I was to recommend to a friend I would say it as it is and let them decide if it suited there needs.	
Jun 7 2009 	Great location clean but small rooms	I chose this hotel for its location in South Kensington. I was visiting Imperial College which is situated next to the Royal Albert Hall. The Park International Hotel is on Cromwell Road, two short blocks from the Gloucester Road tube station, which is on the Piccadilly line with direct access to Heathrow Airport in about 40 minutes. Note that there are about 20 steps that one must ascend in the tube station, which can be a challenge if you have a lot of luggage. The tube station provides direct access to the Buckingham Palace area, and the east end theatre district. Cromwell Road has plenty of pedestrians and seems to be very safe. There is a grocery store and fast food restaurants near the tube station, as well as good restaurants.The hotel, like many in the area, is converted from a series of Victorian era townhouses, interconnected with lots of staircases and fire doors. There are a number of similar hotels to choose from on Cromwell Road. I paid 70 GBP per night plus 15% VAT for a single room. I asked for a quiet room and was given one facing the back, away from the traffic. I was accompanied by two students who shared a double room for 70 GBP total; they seemed to be happy with their room.The single room is characteristically tiny. It has a single bed, a desk and chair, a bathroom with shower, electronic safe, kettle, bar fridge, and a device for pressing your trousers. There is a light immediately above the bed that is great for reading. The window is a modern metal framed one, but it only opened about an inch. There was an air conditioning unit above the door, but it was not turned on in May; the room temperature was 26C, and if it got any hotter I was going to ask about the air conditioning. The linens were crisp and clean, the bathroom was clean, although the roll flooring was a bit uneven. The shower had plenty of hot water. I think the wall to the adjoining room is a bit thin because I could here the guest coughing, but it was otherwise extremely quiet.The breakfast was generic, with typical English hotel coffee (i.e. bad). The orange juice was good. The lobby had a front desk plus a concierge stand. The staff was friendly, and the concierge was very helpful to me on several occasions. There were two elevators (lifts). This is the second time that I have stayed at this hotel.	
May 29 2009 	excellent value friendly staff	stayed in this hotel for two nights in a king size room hotel room basic but very clean staff very good but breakfast staff lookedrather overworked.continental breakfast was good and was surprised at choice but be warned only small room and does get very busy only grumble was tv remote didnt work but didnt bother reporting this as saw this as just a minor issuewould definitely stay again	
May 28 2009 	Very Pleasant Stay	Just returned from one night at this hotel and would recommend it highly for a stay in London. We got a rate of £50 for myself and my teenage son including breakfast which was excellent. The Hotel is very central, close to the Gloucester Road Station and Science and Natural History Museums, just up the road. The staff were very nice. We had a drink in the bar which was very reasonable. Our room was clean and comfortable and the Hotel itself was clean. The breakfast was excellent. All in all a good stay. I would definitely go again	
May 22 2009 	Extremely pleased with hotel and its locaton	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for six nights(Sunday to Saturday). I booked direct with the hotel on the internet and got a discount for staying three nights or more. This was not available if booked through any of the internet agencies. Booking direct also guarantees your breakfast being included. The hotel staff were very pleasant and helpful. We had a double room which, although not large, contained a king size bed, fridge, TV and was en suite. Every thing was spotlessly clean. There was a good selection at breakfast but the restaurant got quite busy after 9am.Gloucester Road Tube Station is 200 yards away and you can get right into the heart of London in less than 20 mins. or catch the 74 bus right outside the hotel to get to the museums in 5 mins.There are several restaurants across the road from the hotel(I would recommend the Bella Vista). There are the usual fast food outlets KFC etc. by Gloucester Road Station.The only criticism I have about this hotel is that one, the room was a little too warm even with the aircon on and two, the floor boards in our room and the room above creaked although it didn't spoil our stay.I would recommend that anyone staying in London for more than 5 days get a weekly travel card (Oyster) from the Tube Station as soon as you arrive in London. It costs £25 but will save you a small fortune in bus and train travel. It also gets you a 33% discount on river trips.	
May 16 2009 	Very pleasent stay	I was looking for a good quality budget hotel and was very pleased to find this. Stayed for 3 nights in a single room to the back of the hotel. Very quite, clean and comfortable. The room wasn't too small and had a fridge and safe. The staff were helpful and friendly. The main downsides were that breakfast was very busy on Saturday morning (weekday mornings were ok) and the Friday night price was significantly higher than the weeknights.The hotel is 5 minutes walk from Glocester Road station, some cafes and supermarkets.	
May 10 2009 	Much better than expected - excellent value	Booked the hotel direct via their website - only £65 pn B&amp;B for a King room. Wasn't expecting much to be honest, as normally expect to pay double that for London midweek. Was pleasantly surprised - very clean medium-sized room, including good shower and full size fridge. Friendly staff on reception and concierge accepted luggage to be stored on arrival and departure. £12 taxi to Leicester Square, 15 mins by tube (2mins walk Gloucester Rd). Breakfast was reasonable, bar a bit small and lacking atmosphere. Would certainly stay again.	
May 9 2009 	Highly recommended for its price and location!	Just had our holidays in London from 25th April to 3rd May. ( 8 nights)Had actually wanted to book Glouscester Millenium Hotel around the same vincity. I had stayed with them on all occasions when I was in London so I kinda of like the location. As they were booked and the remaining rooms were grossly over-priced, I decided to go with Park International Hotel for less. I booked a room with King size bed as I have my 2 young kids with me ( 2 and 4 yrs old). They stayed with us using the same bedding therefore there wasn't any extra charges for them.The room is just big enough for 2 suitcases, with not much walking space. This is to be expected for hotels in Europe so we are not complaining.Considering the price we paid, I found it to be value for money considering the hotel is just 5 mins walk from the Gloucester Tube Station with breakfast included.The hotel provided continental breakfast which I find particular good for a small hotel. However, to aviod the crowd, please have your breakfast early as the guests tend to stream in about an hour after the cafe open in the morning. The room were being made everyday, except that they didn't change the bedsheets on the last night that we were there eventhough a big obvious milk spilled patch was on the sheet. The room has boiler for tea-making facility and standard tv programs. Internet is available at a fees.They staff were friendly enough, but not very knowledgable. However, they found out the information that I needed from the internet ask inform me when I walk past the reception later. Well done!I would recommend this for the hotel location and competitive pricing!	
May 8 2009 	Comfortable room - don't go for the food	The room was fine and the bed very comfortable - I had a good night's sleep. Not too noisy even though my room looked over the Cromwell Road. The bar is a bit weird - patio-style furniture arranged in front of a big TV. The breakfast was not great - bit of a free-for-all at the buffet and the cooked breakfast was not nice. Great for a quick stay but go out for breakfast.	
Apr 5 2009 	Would never stay again	We stayed at this hotel in September of 2008. Arrived late about 11:45pm and immediately were very disapointed at the checking in. The clerk never smiled and never even made eye contact. The room is not inviting and had a smell. Feels like the cheepest motel in the USA.They also made sure to repeat several times that our breakfast is not included , sinse we made reservation on the internet.But the worst experience was when we asked them to order as a cab to Victoria station. The concierge told us that the ride will be 25 pounds. But when driver of the cab dropped us off ,he demended 35, and would hear nothing. He also dropped us off 3 blocks away from the entrance , and we had to shlep our cases without even a buggy. That just shows how indifferent and ignorant the staff was . They just didn't care. If you don't have you breakfast included in you deal-don't eat there. You will find cheeper and better food outside. The only good part , that it was very close to the underground station	
Mar 2 2009 	reasonably priced	I stayed at the Park International for a mini break from February 21st to feb 24th. I chose this hotel because I had stayed there some time before and had found it excellent. I must admit that even this time it was not disappointing, only a little older and in need of an upgrading and updating. The twin room we were given on the 4th floor was away from the hectic Cromwell road traffic. The bathroom was big enough for two people and clean. The beds were comfortable even if the pillows were too high in my opinion. The floor was creaky at times. The mini fridge in the room proved very useful at night when we needed some cold drinks. No LCD or Plasma TV in the room. The continental buffet breakfast was just as I remembered it with a large selection of foods and beverages.The hotel is very centrally located, just a couple of minutes walk from Gloucester Rd tube station and the Museums; about 15 minutes from Harrods and Hyde Park.	
Feb 28 2009 	won't go back been to better.	Picked this hotel for location as we have stayed in this area before, but the hotel we wanted was fully booked so we chose this one.The reception area and staff where the best part of the hotel. We where given our room on the 5th floor right above the front door of thehotel,which was ok we thought, but as the air con was rubbish and we where constantly boiling, if we wanted the window open for some air you couldn't sleep for traffic noise. Breakfast wasn't worth getting up for, as there wasn't even tables for everyone and they ran out of food the two mornings we did go down.Ww didn't go till about 9 and breakfast was served 7-10 and they still ran out and of clean cutlery. If the reakfast staff where any slower you would think they where dead as they had no expression what so ever. The room itself was clean but very basic. small bathroom and the shower pressure was crap, especially if you have long hair to wash as i do. N ot far from the tube which was ideal if you like to use it. The millenium glouster is much better and not much difference in price.	
Feb 24 2009 	Ok for a quick stop off!	I found this hotel to be everything I needed for a two night stay in London.The location is really great, especially if your travelling from Heathrow. You can get the piccadilly line straight from the airport to Gloucester Road tube station along with the circle and district lines to pretty much all of central London . The hotel is very conveniently located 2 mins walk round the corner from the station also.The area around the hotel is also perfect for a trip to London. Numerous coffee shops, burger joints, restaraunts and newsagents come in handy seen as they are so close by.The hotel staff I found to be very polite and very helpful upon my arrival. I was checked in no problem and was informed of breakfast times etcWhen I got to my room I wasn't bowled over by how amazing it was, it was a very generic hotel room and not overly spacious but still was very comfortable and had everything I needed for my stay (TV, Coffee and Tea, Kettle etc) My only main issue with the hotel was my bathroom. I opened the door and the smell was completley horrific! There must have been a SEVERE drain issue cause the bathroom just stunk of rotten egg! I didnt have time to say anything as i had to make a quick dash out again and had completley forgotten about it until i got back in the evening.Even though there was a smell of bad drains in the bathroom I didn't report it to the front desk which is my bad, but i simply didnt have time, but if i was staying any longer than I had done it would certainly have become a problem.Overall I found this hotel to be comfortable, convenient and with friendly helpful staff.... would recomend for a 2-3 day stay but not much longer!	
Jan 14 2009 	Great value for money !!!	Stayed at the Park International Hotel from the 6th to the 8th Jan. After reading some mixed reviews I went ahead and booked 2 nights at the Hotel. Unlike some of the reviews myself and my partner had a fabulous stay, the staff were friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean and beds comfortable and the price was only 61 pounds....bargain!, which is very good for London I think! . Also the location was awesome ! Just 2min walk you have access to the tube network (Gloucester Road Station), where you can easily get to the centre of London in 15min and Heathrow in 45min without changing lines.I read the review regarding the credit card charges and think the guest may have been mis-informed. Upon our check out we were offered to pay in $Canadian or British Pounds. As the exchange rate was very good we opted for $CAN. The best thing is that the amount that was on our slip, was the amount on my bank statment, so no hiddden bank charges. (As you know the exchange rate can increase and decrease whenever).Overall I really enjoyed the stay and when I return to London I know where to book	
Jan 12 2009 	Shockingly bad	The service I received there was shocking. 1. When I arrived there at midnight I had to sit in the hall for half an hour before being checked in (first they couldn't find the booking, then apparently they had a problem with their computer...).2. They gave me a room with no heating at all (freezing), so I had to go back to the reception desk to ask for another room (which was only slightly warmer...possibly 15 C)....3. ..when I went to the bathroom the toilet was dirty (!). Since at that point it was already 1:30 in the morning, and I was exhaused I just went to bed with all my cloths on to keep me warm.The next morning, when I complained for the overall standard, they were very dismissive and no apology or reimbursement for the discomfort was made. So, basically they DO NOT CARE about the customers.	
Jan 1 2009 	beware check-out scam for US visitors	Stayed at the Park International, Cromwell Road, London. Upon check out (12 December) we received our bill in GB Pounds. We paid with our Master Card. The receipt gave the amount in GB Pounds and also in US Dollars, which I thought was a bit strange. After we got home I did some checking. Although I was billed in GB Pounds and expected to pay in GB Pounds with normal Master Card bank conversion rates, that hotel has an arrangement where they use a US agency and the charge is in US Dollars (no conversion fee). The scam is that they use an exchange rate 7 percent higher than the bank rate (1.55 vs. the bank rate of 1.48 for 12 Dec). I'm not sure this is legal, or if it is it's surely unethical. And while our overcharge was only about US$65, considering most of their clients are from the US and pay by credit card, I expect they get a pretty good take from this scam.	
Dec 28 2008 	An Affordable Room in a Nice Area of London	If you're looking for a decent hotel at a reasonable price, you can hardly do better than The Park International. Our room was clean and quiet (3rd floor in the back, away from Cromwell Rd), snug but typical European size. Staff was friendly when addressed, but not keen to go out of their way to assist. The free breakfast buffet was satisfactory. Mostly, we liked the location. The tube was a brief 2 minute walk east, ready to take you anywhere in London. There's a shopping area close by, complete with a grocery, drug store, and restaurants. If you feel like walking, Hyde Park, Kensington Palace and Harrods are near. I highly recommend taking in afternoon tea at The Orangery (adjacent to Kensington Palace Gardens - Do not pass up the fruit scones!). All in all, a pleasant experience.	
Dec 14 2008 	Decent for a quick stay.	My mother and I stayed at the Park International for 2 nights in October 2008 for a quick trip to London. For the price, I feel like the hotel was just about right. Our room with 2 twins was average sized for Europe, and it had a decent en suite bathroom with a tub/shower, a mini-fridge, and a small TV. It was decently clean, but it was in need of renovation. Most of the hotel did smell old and musty, but London in general is old. The hotel staff was helpful, the public areas were nice, and the breakfast was pretty good. It was about a 5 minute walk to the Goucester Road Underground station, which was very convenient. Being so close to the city center (one stop over from Victoria Station) was very nice, as well. There were some nice little cafes and a shopping center by the Underground station. The Park International is definitely not anything fancy, but if you're mainly going to be out during the day seeing the sights, and you want somewhere that's decent and well located, I would recommend this hotel.	
Dec 5 2008 	Great Spot at Gloucester Road	This is a great hotel that is clean, affordable, and has a large room and bathroom for London. Request room 218 as it was in the back of the hotel overlooking a large courtyard. Super-quiet and away from the heavy traffic of Cromwell Road just outside.	
Nov 10 2008 	Worst Hotel Ever!!!!!	Myself and a friend booked a &quot;Kingsize&quot; Room in the Park International Hotel where we stayed for 3 Nights!Kingsize room? I dont think so, big bed in a Tiny room more like. We're not big girls thank gos, cos if we were we wouldnt have been able to fit around the bed!!! We werent expecting luxury but the place wasnt even clean. The rooms were old and smelt damp, the staff were uncooperative, by accident we left behind money, keys and vouchers in an envelope - it took us over one week of constant phoning to even get someone who could understand us, and then another week before the keys got returned - without the Euro's and the vouchers! Did I mention, after not returning the Money, they actually charged me for postage????When we checked in, we were told our room included Breakfast which we had on the first morning (absolutely terrible by the way - the only good thing on it was the juice!), on the second morning we went for in again and were chased across the breakfast room by some screaming woman saying we hadnt paid for it - oh my god mortified! It wasnt worth it anyway, but a bit of common decency and curtosy wouldnt have went astray!I could complain all day about this hotel - I have staying in Hotels in almost every European Country and this was by far the worst ever. 3 Star?? I wouldnt give it 1 Star!	
Oct 27 2008 	beware of the basement rooms	Had made booking online sometime before my travel for a single room for 4 days. The room they allocated for my stay, on the lower ground floor, was small and uncomfortable. After being in the room a short time and tripping over a few times, I had requested (that night) that I be changed - but was told they couldn’t do it (no real reason given). I had one of the most uncomfortable sleepless nights, it felt like I was in the subway as I heard and felt every train that passed by on the district line. Early the next day I again requested that I be changed as I couldn’t not see myself staying in that room for the remainder of my stay - I was prepared to move to another place. This time a more suitable single room on another floor was found. Apart from that the place was okay, you get what you pay for - but it should be something better than the subway.	
Oct 9 2008 	Average hotel	Park International hotel was OK overall. We had a quad room, so it wasn't too terribly small. Even though the hotel has been updated, it still had an &quot;old&quot; feeling. The air conditioning and phone were not working in our room and it took a few calls to the front desk to get them fixed. The location was great, only a 3 minute walk from the Gloucester Street tube stop which connects 3 important lines heading into London.We had the breakfast one morning and it was alright, but it was not included in our booking through hotels.com so we had to pay for it. If it was a free continental breakfast, it would have been quite good. I would recommend this hotel for people who aren't looking for a luxurious modern hotel, but just somewhere decent to sleep while exploring London.	
Oct 1 2008 	Nice hotel for the price and location	Stayed at the Park International for business at Earl's Court. This area of town is filled with expensive, shabby tourist hotels. The Park International was definitely above average. There was a refrigerator in the room, which was nice. it is 2 blocks from the Tube and halfway between two supermarkets. Had a package that included breakfast, but only tried it once as the offerings were &quot;Hampton Inn&quot; fare and not up to my tastes. The staff was extremely helpful and really went out of their way to make our stay successful. There was a problem with the in room safe that they fixed quickly and they brought an iron to the room quickly as well. If the price were right, I'd definitely consider staying here again.	
Sep 29 2008 	Not bad not great just OK	I booked three rooms at the Park International for a trip to see some football (soccer) matches in London--2 twin rooms and a king size room for 4 nights. I stayed in the king and my traveling partners stayed in the twins. The king room was small, even for a single traveler-I'm used to rooms at business class hotels in the US and this room was quite a bit smaller but if you don't plan to spend a great deal of time in the room (and we didn't), it will work fine. The twin rooms were much, much smaller and I wouldn't have been comfortable staying in one. If you do, be prepared for very close quarters. The breakfast wasn't great but managed to do the trick. It was certainly nothing special but we weren't staying there for the food. The price of the rooms was reasonable-I compared several hotels and it was the best bargain in the area, at the time. The hotel was clean and my room was made up every day to my satisfaction. The room safe didn't work and the clerks at the front desk weren't much help in that regard. I did have a hard time regulating the room temperature-it was cold during our trip and my room was consistently too warm. Opening the windows did help but the traffic on Cromwell Road will be loud enough to wake you earlier than you might want. The very best thing about the Park International is the location-very convenient to the Gloucester Road tube station, Harrods, and many other tourist attractions. We found it to be a very convenient location from which to base our travels. There are restaurants across the street and around the corner, closer to the tube station. We'll be returning this spring and while we plan to stay in the same general area, I doubt we'll return to the Park International. We want something just a bit nicer and while the Park International would do in a pinch, it won't be our first choice. Don't expect a luxurious stay but do expect a small but reasonably priced (for London) room in a great location.	
Sep 14 2008	Average	The hotel was adqeuate and was exactly as described. It was considerably cheaper than any of the other hotels I researched in London, and you get what you pay for. London is a very expensive city in every regard. The hotel is very central and the tube is a couple minutes walk in addition to two grocery stores being minutes away. There's also a very convenient Internet cafe directly across the street.The hotel was very clean and our room was always cleaned every day in addition to new sheets and towels each day.I have allergies that usually just act up in the Spring or around cigarette smoke, and the hotel bothered mine really bad. The last few days of my stay I was constantly coughing and blowing my nose when I was in the hotel. They consistently cleared up when I left the hotel to go out and about. So if you have allergies or asthma I don't think I would recommend you stay here. To me, it seemed like the room had once been a smoking room and turned into non-smoking.When I go back to London, I think I would pay the extra money to stay at a different hotel - there's a huge Holiday Inn a block away that is much newer and modern.	
Sep 8 2008 	Wouldn't stay at the Park International again	We stayed there for three nights. I wasn't expecting wonderful but I was expecting clean. The hallway smelled kind of musty. In our room, the carpet was worn and dingy (spills and dirt) and the room was teeny. There was not a top sheet on our bed. The duvet cover was the sheet and I just tried really hard to not think about whether it had been cleaned and changed before we arrived. The location was very good. It was a quick walk to the tube station but we didn't want to hang out in our room. Next time, I would spend the extra money to have a better experience.	
Aug 19 2008 	Park International - convenient adequate	My family (2 adults, 1 child) stayed at the Park International for a week in August 2008. Based on the price and other TripAdvisor reviews, I expected the hotel to be &quot;fine&quot; not &quot;fabulous&quot;. The room was moderately priced by London standards (not US). It was as expected: convenient, adequate. Our room was a triple with a comfortable king and a single. The room was clean and everything in working order. Note to anyone with a bad back or limited leg mobility: the bathtub wall is high by US standards and requires a bit of a high leg lift to get in and out. Our room faced the busy Cromwell Road but the windows offer good noise protection. Keeping the windows shut was no problem because the room's air conditioning worked well. The staff was helpful.Geographically and price-wise, the Gloucester Rd area is between Earl's Court (lower budget hotels and eateries) and South Kensington (higher budget hotels and eateries). The nearby Gloucester Rd underground stop gives convenient access to District, Circle, and Picadilly lines. Buses (both tour bus and public) stop nearby.I would recommend the Park International to travelers who want a decent room in a convenient location.	
Jul 25 2008 	nice surprise	We stayed in May 2008 for 4 nights at the Park International Hotel, Kensington and were pleasantly surprised to find a quite reasonably priced Hotel in the middle of London. It's in a nice neighbourhood with many affordable Restaurants close by. There are also 2 very large Supermarkets within 5 min. walking distance. Glouster Street Tube is also only about a 5 min. stroll away. The Hotel is old, but nicely maintained and has a real English feel about it. We payed a little more and stayed in a room with king size bed (aptly called Kingroom). The fridge was quite large. Tee or Coffee making facility in room and windows that actually open up. Our room was to the street, but traffic noise didn't affect us as we were on the 3rd or 4th floor. Bathroom was quite small but everything in perfect working order and clean. Buffet breakfast was included in the price and quite sufficient. Staff was on the whole very friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 12 2008	Needs updating	First room was in the basement with no real windows, dirty and worn carpets, and intense smoke odour. Told there was no other rooms. When I returned to desk and told them I was leaving unless another room could be found, we were moved to a 3rd floor room that was adequate. Needs updating overall. Appears to be mostly frequented by student groups and tour groups.	
Jul 6 2008 	Perfect for single traveller	Enjoyed my stay here very much. Had a single room -- it was tiny, but that was part of its charm. It was cozy, clean, comfortable and quiet (my room overlooked a quiet residential street behind the hotel). All the staff I encountered were very friendly and helpful. The hotel is in a good neighbourhood and very close to the Underground. The building is old, but well kept, clean and quite modern. There is an Internet cafe directly across the street. Breakfast was decent -- croissants, cold cuts, cheese, yogurt, cereals, etc. Overall, a very good value, considering the hotel's good location within an expensive city. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 23 2008 	Great stay for the price!	Was in London for just a few days for this trip. I am a frequent visitor to London. The 4 star hotel in this Gloucester Road neighborhood where I usually stay was booked. I warily booked my accomodations at this 3 star property, and was pleasantly suprised. My room, average size by European standards, was quiet, clean, and the AC worked exceptionally well. Bathroom was clean and spacious, and plumbing worked adequately. Breakfast selection was quite good, offering standard continental fare, but eggs, bacon and beans as well.Great location, only 2 blocks from the Gloucester Road Underground stop.	
Jun 17 2008 	OK Hotel - NO A/C	Hotel is old and the air conditioning does not work properly. They tried to fix it but finally admited that the hotel is very old and that many ac do not work. try to avoid the fourth floor as no A/C worked but the ones on the third floor worked great. (My brother had a room on the 3rd floor. Other than that, the hotel provided us with a great place to stay. Loved London!!	
Jun 11 2008 	Good Value for Kensington	I stayed in a single at the Millenium Bailey's in my last trip, but the room and bathroom were so small It was an okay stay. Therefore, I booked a King Sized Room for the same price at Park International and I have to say, it was much better.	
Jun 8 2008 	Okay Hotel for short stay	Okay is all I can say about this one. Had a single room, which was small. I could walk around and I could open my luggage. Best part was that it had air conditioning and after a tube ride from Heathrow and walking from Lancaster Gate, that felt so good. Staff was helpful. Room was clean. Nice location.	
May 28 2008 	Good Location in Pricy London	Our most expensive room of the trip - we decided to share a room with Mom to save her some money. Our triple room (#050) was located in the basement so we had no view at all. That was a bit of a disappointment. The room itself was a nice size - there was a double bed in the main part of the room and a twin bed in an alcove near the bathroom. There was also a TV, small fridge, alarm clock, tea/coffee maker and hair dryer.The furnishings weren't the most stylish but they weren't as run down as some we had seen. The room was fairly quiet except that it was the first in the hallway and right next to the fire door leading to the elevator. The head of the bed was near that door so I had the pleasure of hearing it slam over and over again as people came and went to their rooms. You could also hear the faint rumble of the Tube every now and then but not enough to keep you awake.The bathroom looks like it has been recently renovated - very bright and clean and a nice size, particularly the bath tub.Breakfast was included and was very busy each morning. Offerings were eggs, baked beans, mushrooms, sausages, fruit, pastries, cereals, cold meats and cheeses and yogurts. After trying a croissant and wishing I were still in Paris, I stuck with the cereal for the next 2 days. My Mom and husband tell me the other offerings were fine...not great, but ok.The location seems to be pretty good - just a couple of blocks from the Gloucester Rd. Tube stop and within walking distance to the grocery, Harrods, Victoria and Alberts Musuem (great cafe in there too) and the Natural History Museum. Many other restaurants, banks and a post office also close. I believe we were also in walking distance of Kensington Palace and Hyde Park though we never had time to walk in that direction. There was internet access in the lobby - one pound for 10 minutes. Very expensive but helpful in a pinch. I saw plenty of places where you could get an hour for one pound so shop around if you need to be on for a while.Lastly, I must make mention of the challenge I had reserving the room. I searched my dates on the hotel's website and found a special rate available. I could not find the hotel's cancelation policy anywhere on the site and was not about the make a reservation without knowing if I'd be able to cancel if necessary. So, I emailed the hotel and asked what the cancelation policy was. The first email back simply stated that I must reserve online to get that rate. I replied that was fine but I still needed to know what the cancelation policy was. I was told I could cancel up until 24 hours prior to the stay. Satisfied with that answer and the price, I made our reservation for 4 nights. A month later (and still nearly a month prior to our arrival) we had to make a change to our reservation and cancel our first night. It was at this time that I was informed that I had booked an Advance Purchase Rate and it could not be changed or canceled. Needless to say, I was not happy. After several emails, including resending the first email they had sent to me, the manager relented and allowed us to cancel the first night. Despite the change, the entire amount for 4 nights was written on the charge slip when we checked in. I had to again explain that we were staying three nights and ask them to change the amount. Everything worked out fine in the end...all of this is to say, if making your reservations online, be well aware that you could be booking a non-refundable/ non-changeable room...even if they tell you differently. Rate for a triple room for three nights with all taxes ended up being 390 pounds.	
May 20 2008 	Sorry but no more park international for us	We decided to rebook our earlier booked hotel to the park international for the good reviews it got.It looked fine when we got there but when we came back late at night my husband noticed a cockroach walking up to our roomdoor. He killed it and we went it. There was another one in our bathroom so we decided to report this to the staff.He did not seemed to be very suprised and took the cockroach away telling us that it had never happend before. He promised usthat he would report it and that the room would be extra cleaned.Of course i did not sleep very well, thinking about the cockroaches. In the morning nothing was asked so we decided to ask to the clerk at the desk if we could speak to the manager. Why he asked ( we waited till other guests were gone) and told him about the complaint. He checked the computer and there was no mention of it. The only thing he could do was to give us a different room. The next room was small and really hot.When we went for checkout no questions were asked, just our creditcard. When we got home we decided to send a email asking for at least a discount. We got a email back telling us that this was not handled very well and the only thing they could do was to offer us a 25% discount on our next stay. Well after this we won't be staying there so we still have a bad feeling about this.We payed 220 pounds for two nights.	
May 7 2008 	Great Experience!	The location of the hotel is the best part. Very close to the Underground and also bus transportation. Walking distance to Harrod's, Kensington Palace, and museums. Cute restaurants in the area also. The hotel was clean but basic. Still the breakfast (included) was good and the concierge answered our endless questions and were so helpful!I would definitely stay there again when visiting London!	
Mar 7 2008 	Okay hotel - great location	Booking the hotel online was quite easy, the reservations people were very helpful. We needed a large room, two adults and two adult children. They recommended a room with a queen bed and two singles and it was a great room size-wise. Downright spacious. The hotel's location is fantastic. Breakfast was busy, but very good.Now the less than complimentary points. The hotel staff for the most part were okay, not overly helpful, just there. The refrigerator in our room never worked, it had been leaking so long the area smelled musty. The room also never felt quite clean. It was like an icebox too. I know the British keep the rooms cooler than Americans but the radiators were stone cold. When I mentioned it to the front desk staff, I was assured they would take care of both. They didn't. Lastly, don't let the night concierage talk you into things you don't want. He's personable, but I'm still a little resentful that we overpaid on a cab ride to Victoria Station based on his recommendation. About $20 more. He also tried to talk us out of taking the Gatwick Express and said we could go by cab to the airport (the same one he recommended before) for 75£. We stuck to our research this time and spent about 40 total (cab and train). Visitors often rely on the advice they get from the concierage, so they need to be able trust them. If you can deal with all these, the location is unequaled for convenience within the city.	
Mar 7 2008 	Excellent - Will Stay There Again Next Trip	I stayed at the Park International for five nights (Feb. 26-March 1, 2008). If you book on-line and in advance, you can receive a very reasonable rate. I paid 62 pounds for weeknights and 87 pounds for Friday, Saturday night. If you walk in off the street, the weeknight rate goes up to 129 pounds. I chose this particular hotel because I wanted a hotel with a British ambience. Hotel staff were very polite and helpful (each afternoon I would return to my room and it would be very clean, restocked and my pjamas would be folded and placed underneath my pillow!). Although check is wasn't until 2 pm, they allowed me in at noon. For those wanting a safe, clean neighbourhood at a very good price, the Park International in South Kensington is a great choice. For those who want to retain a North American ambience, please note the Holiday Inn is on the next block. I loved this hotel and will definitely make it my &quot;home&quot; next time I visit this wonderful city.	
Jan 28 2008 	Some very small bedrooms!	The location is good, close to Gloucester Road tube, a Waitrose supermarket, internet cafe etc. However, my room was tiny to say the least. It was a single room, and from my single bed I could nearly reach both walls. I was unable to lay my (small) suitcase by the side of the bed (to give you an idea).However the price was good, so one should perhaps not expect more.The check in service and concierge were good. The service at breakfast poor. It's a self service buffet. I complained about the lack of hot water for a cup of tea, and just received a shrug (could have been that English was not the first language of the staff).If I were to stay again, I would either pay more and ask for a larger room (I did spy some larger ones through open doors), or accept that £60 odd a night is very cheap anywhere in London, and not spend anytime in the room at all, except to sleep.	
Jan 25 2008	Exactly what we were looking for.	My mum and I visited London in mid-Jan 2008 and stayed in the Park International Hotel. I came across the hotel on a travel website and after doing much research into the location and proximity to the shows we were going to see, decided to go ahead and book it. As we were there as tourists, we simply needed a place to lay our heads at night that wasn't too expensive. And the Park International certainly met our needs. We stayed for 2 nights mid-week and the total cost was just under £180 which was a good rate for the location and time of year. On the day of our arrival, we arrived just after 1pm and even though check-in was not till 2pm, our room was already waiting for us. The room was basic but comfortable. We had a twin room so there were 2 single beds, TV and ensuite bathroom. Also, there was more than enough storage space for our clothes. The beds were comfortable to sleep in and we found the temperature in the room to be perfect. After a long journey over, all we could think of was eating and sleeping. We inquired whether the hotel did any bar food, which they did not. The only meals available there are breakfast in the morning. However, they were more than helpful in suggesting places we could have lunch. The breakfasts each morning were lovely. There was everything you could ask for. There are cooked breakfasts which include sausages, scrambled eggs, mushrooms and beans. There was toast, croissants and scones as well as 2 different types of cereal and juice and tea and coffee. We ate our fill every morning and it certainly kept us going during our sightseeing that day! On the day that we were leaving, our flight wasn't until 9pm but checkout was at 10am. However, you can leave your bags in the hotel for the small charge of £1 per bag, which we found excellent. So we could go and finish our shopping without lugging our suitcases around all day! The only bad thing we noticed (and I don't think the hotel could really be blamed for this but its worth knowing) was that, on our first evening, we asked the concierge to book us a taxi to bring us to the theatre. The cab was sitting ready for us when we arrived down 10 mins early and he escorted us out of the hotel with an umbrella as it was raining heavily. We were delighted with this and the driver was very friendly and showed us some of the sights on the way. However, he obviously knew we were tourists and charged us £20 for what could only have been a 15 min journey! Of course we paid but we hailed a taxi back that night and it only cost £12! From then on, we didn't ask the hotel to book , we just went out onto the road and hailed a black taxi. All in all, I would definitely recommend the Park International Hotel if you are planning on visiting London for a short trip. The location is excellent - not far from Kensington/Knightsbridge and the West End and, with the Tube just around the corner, its easy to get to anywhere you want to go!	
Jan 14 2008 	Location location location	What a great hotel in a great location... and at a great price! I managed to book a king room for right about $150 over the New Year's holiday for my boyfriend and I. It was just what we expected, based on pictures and descriptions and reviews. The staff was friendly and the rooms were clean. And the location was great, just a couple of blocks from the Underground stop.The only drawback... breakfast was only adequate. And the walls were very thin. We could hear conversations in the room next to us like the people were in the room with us!But, neither of those would deter us from staying there again. For the location and price, there's no better place to stay.	
Jan 9 2008 	Excellent Location Great Value Would Stay Again	My wife and I were traveling through London on our way back home from a trip to Egypt and we booked this hotel after doing a LOT of research here on Trip Advisor. I think that many of the negative reviews of this hotel are people who have unrealistic expectations about what any hotel in London should provide. I have stayed in many cities and in hotels ranging from the Omni chain, Four Seasons, Hilton, InterContinental, all the way to Holiday Inn and Comfort Inn. The Park International isn't the Mandarin Oriental but is certainly a well maintained, comfortable hotel that has good sized rooms (speaking in comparison to American hotels) and a decent staff. The location is brilliant, being a very short walk from the Gloucester Road tube stop thus making the entire city available to you. The Kensignton neighborhood can't be beat in terms of class...every other car driving down the street is a high-end one. Upon requesting a bucket of ice, the concierge was standing at the door within a matter of minutes, and there was a fridge in the room to stock drinks and goodies from the grocery store which is a block away.I love London, and would totally stay at this hotel again. If you're looking for a good value in a good neighborhood, this would be a very reasonable choice. After staying here, I realized that many of the hotels I'd been looking at on a myriad of discount hotel sites were either next door, across the street, or a matter of minutes away and were charging much more than the Park International was. What a deal!	
Jan 8 2008 	Great Location but uninspired.	The Park International Hotel in Kensington, is quite simply very standard in most respects. The outside of the building hints at a 4 star experience, but once inside you realize that you get what you payfor in London.Compared to most hotels in London, I think the Park is a pretty decentvalue but there are a number of little details that could make the hotel much more hospitable. I stayed for three nights on business in September and not once did any staff member greet me or show any kind of hospitality.The room was very small, but typical for British standards with a clean and simple bathroom in the room. There is no Internet connectivity in the rooms, so I used the Internet cafe on the other side of the street which worked out alright.I would not suggest eating at the many of restaurants on the other side of the street as I had very bad service and food in each of the ones I tried. Walk towards the subway and eat at one of the local pubsas an alternative.The included breakfast was decent but like everything at the hotel, it was nothing out of the ordinary. The Park does have a great location in London and is very close to the tube station which is why I chose the hotel.If you can get over the uninspired service and mundane rooms, and you are looking for good value in this particular location then the Park would be a fair choice. Hopefully, they can work on things a bit because it has some good potential.	
Jan 8 2008	Ho hum	With the dollar being so weak, we decided a 3 star hotel was all we coult afford if we were going to be able to also enjoy the sights. This hotel was really not more than a 2 star. The location was wonderful, a very short walk to the Underground and within walking distance of many famous museums, parks, etc. However, the lodgings themselves were bare bone. Front desk and concierge were adequate at most; did their jobs but didn't go out of their way to exude much warmth or offer any information beyond the bare minimum requested Rooms were worn and tiny; plumbing was very loud,; hairdryer, vending machine and lamps broken. Clean enough. If you are looking for a basic hotel in a great location, this one does the trick. Just don't expect much more.	
Jan 5 2008 	Lesson Learned - NEVER AGAIN	My friends and I stayed at the Park International Hotel for two nights to celebrate the new year in London. We paid around 250 pounds for two nights.I must agree with the other reviewers that the location is convenient and in a nice neighborhood. It's two blocks from the Gloucester Road tube station and there are several places to eat and a grocery store and Tesco express nearby. However, we had several issues:1. When we checked-in and got to our room we found our room (family room with two full sized beds) to be really stuffy. We opened the windows and tried turning on the a/c (lowering the heat) The room remained stuffy for the two nights we were there. The a/c didn't really let out any cold air and there was poor circulation in the room so opening the window wide only cooled the one person sleeping right next to the window.2. There was a incredibly loud (I mean REALLY loud) rumbling noise coming from the bathroom that I'm pretty sure was coming from the water pipes (perhaps because it's an old building). The noise was so loud and disturbing we called downstairs and a not very helpful man came up and pretty much told us we were hearing things and it was merely the vent in the bathroom. (DUDE are you deaf?) He made it very obvious that he could care less. The noise lasted through both nights and made it impossible to sleep for most of us (with the exception of my one friend who's a really heavy sleeper and can sleep anywhere)3. When we got back to the room we found that the cleaning service employees hadn't changed our sheets, but simply made the beds and didn't replace the towels (even the ones that were placed in the bathtub as we were instructed if we wanted them replaced), but simply folded them nicely and placed back on the towel rack. Eww.4. The employees on a whole don't seem to want to be working there and are rude. For example, while we were downstairs having breakfast (which is included when you book through the hotel's website), one of the employees repeatedly bumped into one of my friends without apologizing or saying a single phrase like &quot;excuse me&quot;. And while checking out I had mentioned that our television and hairdryer didn't work (I did not want to be charged for something that never worked in the first place) even after we turned on the switches (they have power switches for everything in the room) and the women pretty much said I was stupid and didn't know how to use it. I think to be fair the hotel is a 3 star hotel. The room was small, but I believe that's how it is in Europe in general. Breakfast wasn't great, but it was good enough to keep us from getting hungry before lunch.The hotel is old and everything in our room was old. I'm not sure if the loud pipes were heard throughout the rest of the hotel (I doubt it) So if you're fortunate enough to get a room without the noise and don't have to deal with the employees, the hotel works as a place just to crash. I definitely will not be staying there again and wouldn't recommend anyone else to, but if you have to, make sure it's a brief stay.	
Jan 4 2008 	Good for the price	3 minute walk from the Gloucester stop. The lobby was nice looking. The room was adequate for a budget hotel. Definitely acceptable especially for the price. Good if you're on a tight budget and don't want to stay in a dump.	
Dec 24 2007	great hotel but ignorant staff	I stayed with my girlfriend at Park international hotel for 4 nights between the 19th of December to the 23th. All in all, I found the hotel OK, not bad, but not extraordinary either. The location of the hotel is superb. A 2min walk to Gloucester Road underground station made it very easy to reach most parts of London. There were also quite a large amount of restaurants nearby, which we found positive. The room was rather small, but since we were not spending much time in the hotel room, that did not matter. Apart from a minor rip in the wallpaper, effectively hidden behind the bed, and a bad paint job on the bathroom door, the room was good. We had a room located on the 5th floor, which meant that we got farther away from the road, which was good since the morning traffic could be rather intense. The breakfast served was above expectation. There were yogurt, cereals, toasts, croissants etc. and also a small section with hot food (scrambled eggs, bacon etc.).The staff however, were quite ignorant, and especially the receptionist. When we arrived, she told us that they would pre-authorize £40 for &quot;extras&quot; with no further explanation. When I came down later and asked about a previous pre-authorization, made for the first night, she would really listen, but eventually, the concierge came to the reception and told me that the old reservation of money, would disappear a few days after the next one was made. At check-out, the same receptionist was working, and of course there were problems this time as well. Since the pre-authorization from the check-in was still active, she couldn't make a new one, since about £340 was already blocked. When I told her that I could call my bank and reverse the old block right away, she wouldn't listen, and just tried different ways of getting the transaction to work. This got rather annoying, but finally she got it to work (at least she said so), and we could leave.All in all, the hotel is good, but the staff ain't.	
Dec 8 2007	Absolutely Appalling	We have booked the room for our son and when he arrived at the hotel, a poor English speaking receptionist refused to let him stay because we used our credit card for the booking instead of my son's. After some heated argument they let him stayed on the ground that they would keep his passport for the duration of his stay. When he checked out, the threatened to withold his passport on the ground that there was not signed authorisation for the credit card. They insisted we sent an email with all the credit card information. And then they said no email was received. After a lengthy and unplesant argument which almost involved the police, they finally agreed to return the passport and delete the credit card information in their system. Worst hotel service ever experienced.	
Dec 5 2007 	2 nights in "Hell" for 3 night's price in "heaven"	I was staying in Park International Hotel for a week, but it was a big mistake, first of all, it was an ethernity to check in, because there was only one receptionist there around 6-7PM and two computers, but no one to operate the secound one, than came the secound thing, because I was asking for a superior king room with a good view, instead of that I got a tiny double room at the back side with almost no view at all. The Italian receptionist guy was nice, he apologized for the inconviniance, and promised me a roommove free of charge of course, to a higher floor with the prefered view, till this point it was ok, but than at night there came the turning point.When I went in the bathroom to take a shower I saw a couple of COCKROACHES running around the floor, it was a shock , when finished panicing I called reception, to do something, but they were unable to do anything because they were fully booked than I asked to bring me some bugkiller spray and kill those tiny pests, but it turned out, that they don't have any at all!!!!!!I decided to get my company to book me anodther room for the rest of my stay elsewhere nearby, I went to the bar to have a drink, the service was fine, but the offered range of drinks was very small, like half of the wines were &quot;Shiraz&quot; and there were not really much of english beers anyway which wasn't a good sign for me. It was a bit late when I went to sleep, but soon I find out that it was quite cold in the room, when I checked the radiator it was cold, I tried to turn it on without any use. I called the concierge, to get maintanance fix it before I freeze, but he just said without any kind of suprise to turn on the AC, when I called them again to do something more for my money because it's still cold in my room they agreed an extra heater, but only problem was that they run out of them (I guess I was not the first one with this sort of problem). Next morning afther breakfast I tried to have a talk with the manager about these things, but there was none, they told me to come back after a short while, but I had to go to my conference, when I came back around 8-9PM there was't any manager available again...Upstairs in my new topfloor room I had to realize, that it's COLD AGAIN, and the heating is not working there aswell, I called the reception to get me one of those radiatores thistime and to cancel the rest of my stay, this time I had luck and got the radiator, but the sweet women voice said that they'll charge me because of some stupid policy of their's. I went to the bar, to have anodther taste of the beverages and started chating with anodther guest, it turned out that there's no heating in he's room neither, after our drinks I decided to go one last sleep, but first I wanted to drop a couple of lines in the claims book, unfortunately it turned out that there's no such thing like that. I had a bit long chat with their night concierge, he was from some eastern european country, after a couple of minutes I figured out from him, that there are bugs here and there, the heating was not working since a long while, they were told by the management that they have ordered the replacement parts to fix it, but couldn't tell when will it be fixed,I said &quot;thank you&quot; for the honest information went up to sleep and checked out forever and asked my company not to ever book a room there anymore.	
Nov 28 2007	Ok ish for two nights.	Have spent two nights here. This was a Birthday Celebration for Husbands 60th. We asked for a low Floor as we are smokers and Husband is Disabled. This was good, but Bathroom not good at all very old Bath well if I had had a bath I would not be able to get out with out a crane. ! The Shaver point was broken so I asked calmly if they could fix it. As Hubby wanted to not grow a beard!! But it was difficult asking for a shaver plug ! We won it in the end !! The outlet from the basin was in need of repair. The Breakfast was poor buffet but not much service, from the rather unfriendly staff. The Bar was very expensive and we caught them over charging us. Then they closed at 11pm !! Time for Bed !!!! You cant even relax in the bar in the late afternoon with a cup of tea.!!! Anyway am glad to be home.	
Oct 30 2007 	A great find......	My reservation was for seven nights and I came to know about the hotel by searching online and reading reviews. It was my first experience in a three star Londone UK hotel usually I look for four stars but London is too expensive so now I settled for the three star. I did my home work about the hotel and know the area. I was pleasantly surprised with the hotel. The staff were friendly and helpful. I am 77 years old and some time we are invisible to people but that was not the case here. The room was not small ( that is too big a word) it was tiny. But clean, workable and will a coffee treay, refrigerator, room safe. a window overlooking a court... nice view. The shower was a problem. It was so modern I had great difficulty getting the right mix of hot and cold water. The water was too hot. It remaind a problem throughout the week even though they tried to help me.I made the best of it. A good breakfeast plenty to eat and chose from. Not a &quot; full english breakfeast &quot; but not a disappointment either. The location is great. Transportation at you door, A waitrose food store ( a must ) a blood away. An Itialian Resturant name &quot; ASK &quot; another must. Go for the bitter pint of beer. If your 65 and over check the box office of some of the show for special discounted tickets purchased one hour before showtime. I always get the Oyster Pass, its great. Check it out carefully because you can use it to your advantage many ways. I get my oyster pass for bus, underground and trains. It is a good deal. But you need to know what type you want and how your going to use it for places to go to. It is so easy to use and avoids the longlong lines. If your going to be just in Centeral London areas 1 and 2 for one day you save money. I like to travel by bus you see london that way. Enjoy London........... Mark	
Oct 26 2007 	Great location and quality for the price!	I chose this hotel based on the reviews on this site, and I was not at all disappointed. I'm a young female who was traveling alone, and a place that felt safe was my biggest priority. The only thing I can complain about was that my room key didn't work when I first checked in, but they fixed the problem within an hour, and I spent that time wandering Kensington. The staff are very helpful and friendly. The breakfast wasn't bad, not a typical US hotel breakfast, but enjoyable and convenient. The location was amazing. 2 minute walk to Gloucester Station, which is on the Circle Line and will get you to most of the attractions in London in 10-15 minutes. 15 minute walk to Kensington Palace and Hyde Park. Single room was a bit small, but I expected that, its London, and it really wasn't an issue since I was only using it to sleep. Great little fridge and a safe in the room. I found the hotel to be in good condition. Next time I'm in London I will stay at this hotel, and I would recommend it to anyone planning a trip there. They will store your luggage until check-in time for free, and after check-out for a £2 fee per bag. If you want a taxi to the Train Station/airport, I suggest calling a taxi company yourself. When I asked them to arrange for a taxi, they actually called a chauffeur service they use, and while it was a good service, the trip to Paddington was twice as expensive as a taxi. £15 versus £7. If you're coming in from Gatwick to Victoria station, a taxi to the hotel is about £10.	
Oct 13 2007 	Really rate this hotel	This hotel isn't a luxury hotel but the stay we had was a very pleasant one. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful and I can't fault them at all. We stayed on the third floor and the room was clean and perfect for our purposes. Breakfast was also good though maybe not the best of choices but it is has a variety of breads, cereals and cooked food. Location next to an underground is also good. If you want a no frills hotel I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 11 2007 	Nice hotel great location good value!	We found the Park International a fine hotel to stay at - yes, the room was not very large but we didn't expect anything different considering the rather good price we were paying for the room - it is London after all! The staff were friendly when we interacted with them and the location is hard to beat - right beside the Underground and in the heart of the South Kensington museum district - how can you not enjoy being a 5 minute walk from the Natural History or Science museums! :)	
Oct 5 2007	Not really worth it.	I booked this off Hotwire and it was listed as a 3 star. I would give it a 2 at best. The location was great and breakfast was good, the staff was also very nice. The room was very bad. The bathroom was very old and there were cracks and mold in the shower. The bed was awful. All the furnishings were very old and abused. Nothing matched in the room. But then it may have just been the Hotwire room. If you need a place to stay real quick with a breakfast that it may be worth it. But if you are staying in London for a long period of time then this is not your place.	
Sep 20 2007 	Great Location --- Good Front Desk Service	Three mid thirties girls on week stay in London in a triple. Front desk was excellent in arranging car service for us to Waterloo station in the very early morning to catch chunnel train to Paris. Also arranged our car service to Heathrow for our return to the US --- also very early morning.Safe hotel, could use a sprucing, but fine if all you're doing is sleeping there. Clean room, quiet floor. Excellent proximity to shopping at Harrods, viewing the sites and jumping on the train. Good restaurants and next to two grocery stores / drug stores. No late night pubs (past eleven PM) that we found, but other than that, excellent for the price we paid. Breakfast was continental and did the trick. Also, coin operated internet access was great to get rid of all our change! Would stay there again alone or with friends.	
Sep 18 2007	Good experience	I find these reviews very helpful because location is paramount to a good vascation for us. I have nothing but good to say about this hotel. Location was great- it really was just 2 minutes to the tube station. It had low priced cafes nearby, and a grocery store. There was a small fridge in the room also. We didn't get breakfast so I can't comment on that. The elevators were fantastic by European standards. The room and bath were both large enough- I mean this is not a luxury hotel.. and people who complain about amenities- give me a break- do we really need new shampoo and soap everyday? You just take it home and eventually throw it away. Staff was good, room was clean, linens were nice. We had a 4th floor room in the back. Anyway, I would recommend this hotel - it's a great value.	
Aug 19 2007 	Very Nice Stay	As a single woman traveling with a young teen my priorities were: safe, clean, convenient, and low priced. This hotel met all of those. We stayed a total of 4 nights. The staff was also friendly and helpful. We are not much of breakfast people but did have toast and juice each morning. They had many other selections as well. Everything looked fresh. This is not a luxury hotel but then the price reflects that. If you plan on being on the go and just want a place to rest each night, I would not hesitate to recommend the Park. I would stay here again.	
Aug 16 2007 	Very comfortable stay - no problems	Stayed here with my wife for a couple nights in early July. Upon reading some of the more recent negative reviews of this hotel, I wonder if we all stayed in the same place.We were placed in a 2nd floor room, facing the back with a king bed. We found the room to be very clean and comfortable with ample room. We were travelling with 2 hard bike cases and had ample room to store them without them getting in the way. Ameneties in the room were more than adequate (coffee maker, in-room safe, enough towels and soap). Decor wasn't exactly hip but in the grand scheme of things, we could care less about decor.The included breakfast was decent enough. We found the restaurant staff to be friendly and efficient. Front desk staff were very businesslike and professional (translation - not the friendliest people we've met but pleasant enough).Terrific location - as others have mentioned, a quick walk to Gloucester Road tube station. There's a huge 24hr Sainsbury (grocery store) across the street as well as a super cheap internet cafe (if you were computerless like us).We would stay here again without hesitation, especially for what we paid (£100/night including breakfast). Very good value for London.	
Jul 31 2007	Quite nice	Stayed in a triple room for three nights. Room was nice and clean. Bathroom also OK.Breakfast was very good and served in a nice room. Gloucester Road tube station just a few minutes walk from the hotel.	
Jul 28 2007 	Not too bad	We stayed at the Park International for one night in a quad room (2 adults &amp; 2 children). Location was great, staff were friendly, nice lobby, reasonable price. The room faced Cromwell Road &amp; the noise was well muffled by the double windows. However, the room itself I found quite run down and shabby. The mattress was obviously very old, ragged, stained, and lumpy, and I literally did not sleep a wink as I was so uncomfortable. Hard, lumpy pillows too.	
Jul 27 2007 	Disappointing wouldn't recommend	We stayed on the 5th (top) floor and started in a double room. The room was so small that we barely had room to put our suitcases on the floor. The desk chair did not fit under the desk, so we had to put it on top of the TV to get it out of the way. The shower was about half the size of a telephone booth with no shelf for soap/shampoo. Also, it did not drain well so we were standing in water the whole time. The carpet was tired and the bathroom flooring looked cheap like it was bought at a flea market. In fact, on the floor around the toilet and sink, the colors were all run together so it wasn't even colorfast and there was a plaque on the bathroom wall with a list of instructions on how not to get the floor wet. Also, when they replaced the sink and toilet, they cut the tile out of the wall just around those 2 areas and replaced it with a cheap slab of tile. I thought they could have splurged to replace all of the tile especially given the size of the bathroom.On the second night, we requested to change to a king room and the next morning they were able to move us( £10 extra per night). The new room was also on the 5th floor and quite spacious with the same carpet, bathroom floor and furnishings. The first night in our new room when we returned from sightseeing we discovered 3 problems. First, we had to clean a significant amount of brown residue off the toilet seat and bathroom floor because the roof was leaking from the rain. Also, the air conditioner leaked and we had two tea cups on the floor to catch the water. They resolved this the next morning. It took them 2 days to replace a burned out light bulb in the bedside lamp. Overall, not a good experience, and the kicker was that when we checked in we had to make some phone calls and so we asked how much it cost to use the pay phone in the lobby. She told us that it was 25 pence a minute, but that we might as well use the phone in the room because it cost the same. I asked if she was sure because it usually cost more to use the room phone. She repeated that it was 25 pence a minute with no connection charges, just like the pay phone. But when we checked out, we were charged 25 pence per 30 seconds. She refused to adjust the charges saying that it didn't matter what we were told by the person who checked us in because the correct rates are posted in the room. I consider it stealing when you are quoted a price for a service and then charged double that price after you've used it. Also, when I went to the front desk the morning we checked out, I witnessed another guest changing his room although I did not hear the reason why.On the positive side, the rooms were clean, had AC, fridge, and huge TV's. Breakfast was OK too.	
Jul 12 2007 	All the smoke and musty smells you want.	On the plus side the lobby, location and breakfast were all good. On the down side they gave us a room in the basement. I am not sure that any basement room is worth more than a budget accomadation. The hallways smelled strongly of smoke as did the room. As the room was in the basement it also smelled very musty and humid. They could spend the 200 dollars for a dehumidifier and make the rooms much more tollerable. The sheets were clean but the matress was old and in rough shape. I have been in worse hotel rooms, but not since my 20's when backpacking though Europe. I won't go back and wouldn't recommend the place to anyone.	
Jul 11 2007 	Comfortable stay in London	Be sure to ask for a room that is not on Cromwell Road. The first night our room was # 207 and it is on the side of the hotel next to Cromwell Road, very noisy. So we asked to change rooms and were moved to #404 on the back side of the hotel. Now, the view is not as interesting but that is ok. It was much more quiet and very comfortable. The staff is pleasant and breakfast was good. The best thing about this hotel is the location. It is in a very nice neighborhood and very close to the Gloucester Road Tube station. There many nice restaurants nearby and a post office across from the tube station. It was a short walk to Hyde Park and we felt very safe in the area. I would definitely stay at the Park International again.	
Jul 11 2007	Not great but convenient	I really don't care that the rooms are small in Europe but I do care that they are clean and well maintained, which mine was not at this hotel. The word I'd use is shabby - very old and worn what looked like indoor/outdoor carpet, the television barely worked, the bathroom was dingy, and I've seen furniture in much better condition at yard sales. I guess for the price I thought it would be a little more updated.On the plus side, the location is convenient to the Gloucester Road metro (2 blocks), there is an internet cafe across the street, two grocery stores, a Boots (drug store), laundry mat, and a couple of restaurants within a few blocks. There's not much to do in the immediate area but if you don't mind walking, you can get to Kensington High Street/Palace in about 15 minutes. It felt like it was a very safe area to walk around in and I was a single woman travelling alone.The morning breakfast was good (cereal, eggs, cheeses, bacon, yogurt, breads, juice, tea, coffee) and was included in my room rate. The conceriege was helpful. Overall it was ok but next time I think I'd stay in an area that had a little more going on in it.	
Jul 9 2007 	Helpful staff	I've just some back from a 5-day stay in London, UK. A &quot;trip down memory lane&quot;, as I lived in London a few years back. This time I took my 9-year old son with me.Booked the hotel through world reservations online.I must stress that my rating of the overall experience is above average FOR A LONDON HOTEL. As many people know, most London hotels don't have super standards...(often small rooms and bathrooms, i.e).Anyway, this hotel has a very friendly and helpful staff, especially the concierge who ran a few errands for us (tipped him, of course).We ordered a king room, which had a large doble bed, a new fridge(good size), A/C, bathroom with shower/tub, widescreen TV, downlights, etc.Seemed to be a newly decorated room on the 4th floor(non-smoking). No wallpaper coming off or smelly bathroom.Breakfast something in between continental/english.Internet available downstairs.In other reviews I've read that you can be very unfortunate and get a room in the basement....On the downside, the hotel is on a largely trafficated road, which meant that sleeping with the windows open was not possible, unless you've got ear-plugs!!Only 150 metres to the nearest tube-station (Gloucester Road), which is on the Piccadilly line. The tube to and from Heathrow stops there, which made travelling easy.Harrods and most museums are only one or two stops away.Overall we had a great stay, and would definitely go back to this hotel.Warning; in addition to the price there is a surcharge of 17% to the original price, which meant that our 5-night stay cost us nearly a 100 pounds more.	
Jul 6 2007 	Would stay again	After reading several reviews on Tripadvisor we made our reservation. We found the service to be good, with a polite and helpful staff. We stayed a couple of nights, had to catch a train up to north and stayed again on our return. They stored our excess luggage until our return. Upon our return trip, we had a larger room, but still small. Our AC went out but they provided a fan until they made the repair and it was the coolest room we stayed in the UK!It was close to several food marts, and of course the Gloucester Rd. Tube station which was a big plus. We tried the local Italian across the street but found the Black &amp; Blue on Glocester Rd. which we went to twice!We would stay again, it was clean and comfortable.	
Jul 1 2007 	You get what you pay for and that's not necessarily bad.	I have been to London multiple times and always choose to stay in South Kensington, usually at the Holiday Inn off Gloucester Road. That is across the street from this small hotel, therefore, I consider this location to be supurb. For this trip, I was accompanied by a girlfriend and budget was a consideration, therefore we were unwilling to spend the extra money to stay at the HI. After much research and reading of reviews here, we decided on the Park Int'l. As I said, the location is perfect. It is right off of Gloucester Road, about 2 blocks from the tube. This stop is a District, Circle, and Piccadilly line station, absolutely perfect for getting around to the tourist sights. There is a Waitrose, a Tesco, a Boots, and a Starbucks within a couple of blocks.The hotel itself, well, eh. There are some bad points. The air conditioner cooled the room nicely (a plus) however, it dripped BADLY (a minus), so much so that the towel we placed under the drip while we were sleeping was soaked through overnight. The fridge did work, but it wasn't exactly cold. Decent for water, but not for say, soft drinks. There were also very few electrical outlets. We had to unplug the fridge to get an outlet at one point and there were no outlets in the bathroom. The outlet behind the television didn't work. The shower was a pleasant surprise, as usually these are terrible in 2* hotels. Water pressure was good and it was large enough that the curtain wasn't attacking us. Beds were comfortable. Room was very small. Perhaps 120 square feet.Checking in, we were allowed to leave our luggage with the front desk until our room was ready, early in the afternoon. However, checking out we were made to pay for our baggage storage, which I think is absolutely crappy and speaks volumes about the lack of quality of this establishment.When checking out, I informed the front desk about the air conditioner and the outlet behind the television and their response was an extremely snotty &quot;Are you American? you do realize you need a converter for that outlet&quot;? Yes I'm an American and obviously I didn't say that NONE of the outlets worked so naturally there were converters involved. I would never stay here again, mainly because of the awful service.	
Jun 28 2007 	Basic hotel for basic needs	The Park International in South Kensington is a basic hotel that has mixed reviews.The staff were quite cold but were helpful when asked for assistance.Our quadruple room was clean, comfortable and standard sized when comparing to European standards (which are quite small). The only negative review here is that the air conditioning didn't work, but at the time of stay in summer, the weather was not hot at all.Breakfast was basic but good, with a variety of cereals, pastries, baked beans, bacon, hard boiled eggs and juice.The location was excellent in terms of public transport accessibility (a few minutes away from Gloucester Road tube station and the bus stop), safety and recreational use (with many restaurants and an internet cafe across the road). The tube station is also on the Piccadilly line which is accessible from Heathrow airport.To sum this hotel up, it is a basic hotel for basic needs.	
Jun 26 2007	Good Value small room	This is the only place I have stayed in London but I was pleased. Pros: -Twin beds available-Full breakfast included in price-Good Location. Three blocks from Gloucester Road underground, supermarkets, restaurants.-Bus 74 stop across the street-Internet Cafe across the street-Post office across from the tube-Quiet (as long as you keep the windows closed)-Safe, clean, pleasant neighborhood-Pre-check in bag storage for free (1 pound per bag after check-out)-ConciergeCons:-creaky floors-NO DRAWERS for clothesI would stay here again	
Jun 17 2007 	Nice hotel very nicely situated	I stayed at the hotel for two days while on a visit to relatives in the UK (family wedding). My time at the hotel was my non-family/non-wedding time. The room was rather small -- but quite clean -- and the hotel service was excellent. This hotel is located in a very nice part of Kensington -- and was just a block or so to the nearest Tube stop. After my two days alone in the hotel, I returned a few days later with my husband -- and a very nice surprise awaiting me: We were upgraded (at no extra charge) to a junior suite, along with a note &quot;thanking&quot; me for returning. This was unexpected and certainly -- on my part -- not asked for. So I will definitely plan to return to The Park International Hotel on my next visit to London.	
Jun 15 2007 	OK place to stay	We stayed at the Park International for 3 days while in London. The accomodations were adequate, but if you require a cool room for sleeping, this may not work for you. Additionally, the room (for 3 adults) was pretty small and we were crawling all over each other. The staff was not very friendly or helpful.It is very near a transportation station and there are places to eat and shop near the hotel. I don't think it was a great value for the dollar, but then again, at the current exchange rate, nothing is.	
Jun 14 2007	Ok for a budget property	The tube is 2blocks from the hotel and there are steps up to the hotel. So arriving with alot of luggage and having traveled that day, my DH checked us in and when we were going to the room I asked the room number and it was like 58, I said OH NO!! They are NOT putting us in the basement, so back to the front desk we went! I could not have sounded very nice to the young man but he immediatly set about getting us a different room. We then ended up with a king room and it was a very decent size. Nice big closet and a space next to it to put luggage. The bathrooms are older but overall not a bad room. The king bed though was worrisome because when you sat on it you could feel the springs so I thought I'd never get any sleep, but after all the walking we did in London I slept good every night! Breakfast was ok, we had just come from a lovely hotel in Paris so everything paled in comparision to our trip there! There are a few restaurants directly across the street from the hotel and then down by the Gloucester Tube station are numerous more. We enjoyed Garfunkles in the little mall there and ended up eating there for most of our stay! It was nice having a fridge in the room and it was empty so you could fill to your content. Our view was of other buildings but the windows opened and air conditioner worked great in our room, lowest setting is 19c but it was cold enough for us. Location wise this may not be the best but because it's right on the tube line it was easy to get to where we needed to go and then back home each evening.	
Jun 9 2007 	Good Quality for 3 star hotel	Was just walking past the hotel after terrible evening spent at other hotel and enquired about booking a room at reception, was given a rate booking directly with them, and also got told that best rates are available when booking online. The website offered considerable discount and also included free breakfast when booked on website! So I did, right there in the reception area.Arrived early but they stored the luggage until check in time at 14h00 as no rooms were available at the time - understandable - at 09h30 in morning.Staff very friendly and helpful with directions and hotel centrally located close to tube station.Went for drink in bar and arrived at &quot;happy hour&quot; buy one get on half price - bonus! The only thing I would suggest is that rooms are in need of bit of updating of furniture and fittings, not bad for 3 star hotel in London though. Very clean and tidy, and also good breakfast - website says continental breakfast, but they had bacon, boiled eggs, beans, mushrooms - more of a full breakfast than continental. Can get quite busy in there, as room pretty small, try to get there early!Staff seems very happy and in good spirit and greeted friendly whenever they saw us. Book on their website - you will get best deal there www.parkinternationalhotel.com	
May 29 2007 	Great location easy on the pocketbook	I stayed at the Park International Hotel from May 22nd to May 28th and had a pleasant experience. The hotel room itself was small but it was what I expected for Europe at this price point. The room was clean, I always had a hot shower, and the breakfast was good. The staff was helpful and friendly. It was in a safe neighborhood which was something I considered to be very important as a female traveler. Additionally, the hotel was a short walk to the tube station in which three lines were accessible making it very easy to get around without a vehicle. There were also several pubs and restaurants close by as well as a grocery store. It is not a luxury hotel by any means, but the bed was comfortable and I would stay there again, mainly due to the location and price.	
May 21 2007 	Don't expect a drink after 11pm and watch out price quote exVAT!	The reception tell you that you can get a drink after 11pm but forget it you will wait forever!When you finally give up and say forget it they are quite happy.Also watch out for the price you are given being exclusive of VAT then you get a shock at checkoutPhoned and emailed asking for manager to call me back but still waiting.	
May 20 2007 	3 rooms later...	We booked this hotel because of the price and location. Also because the bedroom photos on the hotel website made the bedrooms look very spacious and appealing. We paid for a superior room, believing that this is what we would get. We had also asked for a room overlooking the main road, Cromwell Road.Upon arrival, we were give the key to a tiny, dingy BASEMENT twin room, which meant e=we were looking at feet and wheels from our room, and the noise meant we had to ask for a change. The next room was not much better. I have put some pics on to demonstrate how there was virtually NO daylight, and we were facing a concrete wall through the window.The room was so depressing that we asked for another room. By this time the reception staff must have been sick of us, but as the hotel are quite happy to take your money, I feel you should at least get a room with some light.On to our 3rd room, overlooking the street at last, this was fine but very poky. The heat in the night was stifling, so we opened the window, and the traffic was so noisy, I could hardly sleep.Not all bad though, the hotel's in a great location, and the breakfast provides something for everyone. The sheets were pristine, although there were some hairs in the bathrooms. (Yuk!!)All in all, quite good. But don't expect space or a view.	
May 19 2007 	Perfect Location	After checking the good reviews here on tripadviser we were very pleased with our 10 night stay at the hotel. I booked directly thru the hotel website - I wanted a king size bed and a reasonable price - both of which were hard to find in expensive London. The only negative about the hotel is our room was a little &quot;shabby&quot;. The furniture was a bit chipped &amp; the wall paper dated but it was immaculate &amp; quiet. Breakfast was adequate. It is located only 2 blocks from the Gloucester Road tube station and 2 blocks from a huge Sainsburys supermarket. Would stay here again &amp; recommend it to cost-conscious travelers.	
May 16 2007 	Nice clean 	Pros: clean, hospitable, walking distance to tube stations, nice lobbyCons: not really any to note.Would stay here again next time because of right price and location. We came here after residing in a dump near Paddington Station. This place was hence a welcomed respite.	
May 4 2007 	Feels like a five star hotel	After a dreadful experience at another hotel in the So. Kensingston area, my daughter and I stumbled upon the Park International Hotel by chance and immediately checked in.The beautiful lobby was very welcoming and the staff at the reception very friendly and helpful. Several hotel guests were lingering about, telling us how much they loved the hotel; we were not disappointed.The hotel was CLEAN. The lobby, hallways (which had a lovely floral scent) and room were impeccable. Our room was spacious, well-equiped and cozy. The beds were comfortable and the room quiet.Breakfast in the morning was a pleasant experience, even for a 'room service' personality: plenty of food, great coffee and good service.This hotel made our stay in London wonderful and we will not even consider staying elsewhere from now on.	
Apr 20 2007 	Great Hotelfriendly staff	This is a lovely hotel,great location,friendly staff.Clean rooms and a nice breakfast.We paid £99 a night for a king room with free breakfast so was very happy with the price.There is a large fridge in the room as well as a safe.To find the hotel,catch a tube to Gluchester Rd,when you leave the tube station turn left past Waitrose and you can see the hotel further down that road.There are flags with the hotel name on visable.Its about a 3-4 minute walk. The Natural history and science museum,plus the V&amp;V museum are within easy walking distance.For a short visit to London,this was an excellant choice.	
Apr 12 2007 	Nice hotel great location	We spent 9 nights at the Park International Hotel in March. The staff were very pleasant and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable. The continental breakfast was very nice. Great location, we would stay there again.	
Apr 3 2007	Good value for London	This hotel was pretty good considering how expensive London can get. Modern hotel decor. The bed in room 514 was uncomfortable but the room was nice.Bathroom had a tub even though it was on the smaller side. Typical for London though.I would recommend you book directly through the hotel website. A friend I was traveling with booked through the hotel site and I went though Travelocity. He actually paid $3 USD less a night and when I went to the &quot;free&quot; breakfast I was told I would have to pay 8 GBP ($16 USD). My friend did not! This hotel was a nice location as it is close to good restaurants (ask front desk for suggestions). It is 2 minute walk to Glouscester tube station.	
Mar 19 2007	Quad room just fine	Just returned and enjoyed our stay at Park International Hotel. We are a family of 4 so finding a quad room is quite a challenge. The room was small, but 2 double beds was what we needed. Just barely fit our four 20&quot; suitcases!We didn't spend much time in the room. I would suggest booking directly with the hotel.[----]. We did not and Breakfast was not included so we went to 2 pastry shops across the street for our breakfast...much cheaper and delicious. The area is pleasant and safe, next to Gloucester tube stop. Several places to choose to eat in area.Direction from Gatwick: from South terminal take Gatwick Express train to Victoria staion, runs every 15 minuts. Can buy tickets on train with cash or credit card. Exit train and go downstairs to Underground. Take Circle or Distric to Gloucester. Follow &quot;Way out &quot;singns. You will be at street corner of Gloucester and Cromwell road. Turn left (do not cross the street) and walk 200 yards west on Cromwell to Hotel. takes about 45 minutes from Gatwick	
Mar 13 2007 	Good accomendations for the money	I recently stayed at the Park International Hotel in London for 4 days in Feb. It is located very close to Gloucester Station which is on the Piccadily line and it is direct transportation to and from the airport. It is only about a 5 minute walk down Cromwell Road to the hotel. The rooms are very clean and quiet even though it is on a main street. I noticed they have double windows to block out the noise. The staff and the service were very good. If you book directly on the hotel web site morning breakfast will be included. Breakfast consists of toast, croissant, boiled egg, some cheese or coldcuts, cereal, beans, mushrooms, bacon, juice , tea and coffee. It's not bad and saves you money on eating breakfast out. Nearby Gloucester station is a market and right down from the hotel is another market so you can buy drinks or ready made food. Also across from the station is a good french bakery called Pauls which I went to a few times and brought cake back to my room . Also in the room they provided you with tea and coffee and a hot water maker. Then the hotel is very close to the National History Museum. In fact it is within walking distance. I know that if I go to London I will definitely stay here again. Subway is convenient and the hotel price is good.	
Mar 4 2007	Not that brilliant....	As a regular business traveller who looks for bargain 3 star hotels that offer good value for money, I have to say this one was something of a disappointment.On the plus side the room was well equipped which is probably the saving grace. A refrigerator, hairdryer, trouser press, tea/coffee maker and a safe make it a very well-equipped. Perhaps one of the best equipped 3 star hotels I have ever stayed in.However, on the negative side the rooms were very small, and the curtains curtains were a joke - they were nowhere near big enough to cover the windows, and consequently the light was streaming through at a very early hour. The batteries were dead on the remote, and the bathroom although containing a modern shower cubicle was very small. No shelves or space to put personal belongings.This hotel is also underneath the Heathrow flight path, so expect busy air traffic until the early hours.Although my room didn't smell damp, I did pass by a section on the ground floor that smelt awfully musty, and this must be the rooms that other people have referred to. Reception was manned by Dutch students, and although I asked for a room above ground floor in my booking request, was promptly given a ground floor room - which was subsequently changed when I pointed this out.Breakfast was as you would expect for a 3 star, processed meats, tinned fruit etc. Quite OK.The hotel resides in an excellent location, with Kensington and the fashion shops in Brompton Road closeby.All in all though, I was disappointed with the Park Hotel, and I have stayed in much better 3 star accomodation.	
Feb 28 2007	Good stay!	We stayed at the Park International over Presidents Day Weekend, 2007. Biggest perk is the great location. Within walking distance (1.5 blocks) of the tube, the Natural History and V&amp;A museums and Harrods. Also, had a Tesco (convenient mart), Boots (pharmacy), Waitross (grocery store), several patisseries, and a pub right near-by - very convenient. The hotel was clean, comfortable and the service was great. It was small, but not cramped. Anyone who's ever stayed in NYC will think nothing of the size. The price was right too.	
Feb 19 2007 	Thumbs up - good value for money	Stayed in the hotel for one night and was quite impressed. The hotel staff are friendly. The hotel is clean. The room and bathroom were also clean with nice decor. Breakfast is also included. Would definately recommend this hotel - good value for money!	
Feb 16 2007 	Great hotel for the price !!	Paid 39GBP for a SINGLE ECONOMY. Got a renovated room on the second floor. Hotel is very very well kept. Room is very small (UK Standard). New window, completely renovated bathroom with new fixtures, tiling and floor, bed was ok, small tv but at least 10 channels.Complimentary Breakfast Buffet was great. Croissants, cheese, ham, yogurts and fruits and cereal, bacon, beans and mushrooms all complimentary. Buffet was very tidy and constantly replenished.Located only 2 blocks from tube Gloucester Road (off the Picadilly Line from Heathrow). Lots of pubs and fast food around. Sainsburys and Waitrose just bocks away (supermarkets). Cannot check-in before 2PM, but left my bag with the concierge and visited London.Would definately reccomend.	
Feb 9 2007 	Mixed reviews	Well what to say. Hotel room was ok with good bath. Small as English hotels are. The front desk people really are impossible. We had a very early arrival and could not check in even though we requested it months in advance. Had to wait until after 3 pm. Trying to get the front desk people to provide customer service is a big job. They just suck. Good value and location. Couldn't even get a cup of coffee in the breakfast room without paying up front.	
Jan 18 2007 	Poor	On arrival the desk clerk chose to answer two telephone calls rather than deal with customers standing in front of him.I had booked a deluxe single, rather tham the economy single, however the room couldn't have been any smaller (302). The sink and toilet bowl were both cracked. When I tried to sleep the bathroom fan would not go off - I had to turn it off at the fuse. The AC unit emitted a constant loud dripping noise even though it was not on, like some form of water torture.At 1.30am I could stand it no more and asked for another room. I was told they had no spare single rooms and wanted to charge a supplement for any other room. After much discussion I was given another room at basement level (49) which was fine. Why did they not give me this room in the first place? Why lie about no other single rooms?The good points - the bedding was at least clean and the included breakfast was OK.	
Dec 31 2006 	Great location and excellent value	I've stayed here 3 times over the past year. The first time I had a room on the street and it was extremely noisy. If possible, request a room in the back. The second and third times were in the back on the 4th floor and it was extremely quiet. Impeccably clean and pleasant. The safe is unnecessarily complicated, but once you figure it out it works fine. The bar and breakfast are fine and pleasant.The location is just about perfect. It's about 2 to 3 blocks west of the Gloucester Road station off the Piccadilly Line. If you're jet lagged and only want to get to your hotel and sleep, then this is perfect because the Piccadilly Line is the one that services Heathrow. No transfers needed when you're tired and can't think straight!On a side note, the internet cafe across the street is fast and cheap. Highly convenient and recommended, and complements the hotel location well.Lastly, since we were coming in early (6am) into the airport, we needed an early check in. This was the only hotel that charged us a reasonable fee (10 GBP) to guarantee it while all the other hotels wanted to charge us for an additional night. 10 GBP is a great deal versus paying for a night we don't use!	
Dec 20 2006 	Clean comfortable quiet central hotel	The Park International, Gloucester Road, South Kensington, London.Nice clean rooms, quite modern and new, well decorated. However the fridge didn't work (just heated up the room and not cooled my drinks), the safe didn't work (concierge agreed to change the battery but never did) and the shower head had a crack which sprayed water all over the bathroom.But I had clean sheets and towels, clean floor and good maid service. A comfortable bed and chair; nice desk to work at and the kettle did actually work.My room faced the very busy Cromwell Road, but thanks to triple glazing I didn't notice the noise at all. The only thing that woke me was other guests returning to their rooms!Good location for The Victoria and Albert and the Science and Natural History museams (well worth a visit!)Breakfast was a buffet of fresh croisants, pastries, cheese, meats, cereals or a cooked breakfast (3 pounds extra, and guarded by staff!) Toast possible but only on request.VERY weak coffee (I need strength at that time in the morning) and orange juice.A small bar but thanks to 24 hour news channel I skipped it.Staff all friendly and helpful, English was their second language as with most people serving in London these days.All in all I give this hotel 3 out of 5. A good price for central London and quite close to the tube. Recommended.	
Nov 5 2006	Excellent value and location	Have stayed in this hotel previously, had room at front of hotel which is on very busy (noisy!) road so would suggest that on booking you request room not at front. However, this time booked a triple room at rear of hotel which was extremely quiet. Room was very clean with comfortable beds. Breakfast good, although a little limited.Excellent location, overall very god value for money and will definitely use again.	
Oct 30 2006 	Nice hotel brilliant location	My family and I stayed at the hotel for one night in October 2006.We had a superior double and a superior triple room.Both rooms were a reasonable size and spotlessly clean.I think the hotel should consider getting rid of the tired looking blankets and replacing these with duvets but this is a minor point.We had breakfast on the Sunday morning, the dining room was very busy but staff were excellent and well organised so we only had a short wait for a table. The breakfast was continental but there was a huge choice so our family (3 fussy teenagers included!!) were very happy!!The location was fantastic, a 5 minute walk to Gloucester Road Tube Station which was served by several lines, making getting around London very easy.My only complaint was re the triple room. On the website it stated that it was possible to have 3 single beds in the triple room. On arrival we discovered the room had 2 double beds. I spoke to reception but was told that the hotel did not have triples with 3 beds. I produced my confirmation which stated that 3 beds was a possibility but was repeatedly told I had misunderstood!! If I had been told that there had been an error on the website I would have accepted this but I was rather irritated by the receptionist's rude attitude.Despite this minor problem we enjoyed our stay and would use this hotel again.	
Oct 23 2006 	Great Hotel and Location for the Price	Recently stayed at the Park International. Truly a fantastic location, just a two minute walk to the tube station (which is on three different subway lines). We booked on the internet for 59 pounds for a double, including breafast. The room was fine and the service / staff was excellent.	
Oct 15 2006 	Great hotel for the price you pay	For the price I paid I did not expect a 5 star hotel with all the trimmings but what I got was much more than what I expected. The room was small but good enough for 2 people. I stayed on the top floor and had a nice view of a little English street. Stayed here for 1 and a half weeks and the room was always very clean. A credit to the cleaning staff. Shower was a bit small (I don't know how an overweight person would fir comfortably in there) but generally clean. There was a small tv in the room which looked quite old but then again I didn't go on holidays to watch tv! Breakfast was included in the package and it was sufficient. A good supply of cereals, cakes, toast and fruits to keep you full well into lunchtime. The staff wew great and very helpful. They answered any questions quickly and without fuss. The greatest thing about this hotel though is LOCATION! A great location. Close to shops, supermarkets and mainly...Glouster Road Tube station. This station is connected to most of the main attractions around London. You can get from your hotel room to most major attractions within 20-30 mins if you know how to use the tube. And Hyde Park is not too far a walk either. I've had friends who've stayed in other london hotels for the same price and they have said that the room I had was far superior to any of the others they had stayed in. I highly recommend this hotel! I really enjoyed my stay here.	
Aug 29 2006 	Going to Notting Hill Carnival - Then stay here	Brillant value for money friendly staff and very reasonable in price. We stopped in a standard double room (smoking) which was clean, though small. But if your going to be out most of the time should not become a major problem.Easy access to major shops and central london with easy access to the tube at Gloucester Road.I would recommend to any of my friends as a place to stop for short weekend breaks with easy walking distance to Notting Hill for those like me who went down for Notting Hill Carnival.	
Jul 31 2006	Good Value	Although the floors were creaky and the carpet needed replacing, for London, this was a great place to stay. It was only two blocks from where the Montana hotel was and it cost less to stay there when booked on the internet. We would absolutely recommend this over the Montana. It had air conditioning, an elevator that more than two people could ride at the same time, a great breakfast and... a huge bathtub! Where we could barely turn around in the shower at the Montana, this was luxury!It was still a &quot;European&quot; hotel though and still probably not up to the standards many Americans would expect for the amount of money it cost. (Milton and I often book rooms through Priceline.com when we travel in the states and get some pretty good deals..i.e. The Grand Hyatt next to Grand Central Station in Manhatten for only $99.00- we love a bargain!).There was a huge modern highrise Holiday Inn about a half a block away from the Park International which I would imagine would be closer to most American hotels but I believe it also cost quite a bit more. The Park Hotel was perfect for our budget.	
Jul 26 2006 	What a dump!	After reading the reviews on trip advisor, I decided to stay at the Park International Hotel, while visiting London to celebrate my partner’s birthday. The reviews were varied, but many mentioned the hotel to be in a good location and to be good value for money :-)I arrived at the hotel and from the outside it looked impressive, with a huge frontage and brass detail, it has a first class feel, I was pleasantly surprised!Unfortunately that was as far as my PLEASANT stay went. We made our way to the check-in desk, to see two members of staff checking in another guest. I have previously worked in a hotel as a receptionist and there is no need to have two members of staff checking in one guest when others are waiting. After waiting 20 minutes I was greeted by a member of staff to check me in. After filing out the usual details I was given the key and asked were my room was located, I was told it was downstairs – In the basement!We eventually found our way to our room and were greeted by a nasty smell, along with old tatty décor, no working television and an awful view from our window. Because we were located in the basement the view consisted of a door and light from about 20 feet up. I rang reception to request to move to another room above ground level, however I was told there were no other rooms available – although during check in I over heard a member of staff saying there were rooms available. The staff of the reception desk informed me that a manager would come down to fix my television and a few other problems with the room that I had pointed out. I waited over an hour and decided to give the television a go myself. After pressing a few buttons I managed to tune it in. No one ever came. Fortunately we were not spending a lot of time at the hotel, and decided to venture out for the day. The bed was very hard, which may suit some people. During the morning (8am) a maid walked into our room, and quickly went when she saw we were both still sleeping. We were only staying at the hotel for one night, so it would not have been difficult to find out from reception who had checked out and who had not. Overall the hotel is a dump, with run down décor and staff that hardly speak English. I paid £90.00 for a room at The Park International Hotel, and feel I was well and truly ripped off! With a tiny room in the basement, with no natural light, unhelpful staff and a very bad smell. Some people may consider £90.00 for a hotel room in London to be reasonable, I have stayed in many London hotels around the same price, none to be as bad as the Park International Hotel!	
Jun 22 2006	Very adequate reasonably priced hotel	We stayed here for just one night and found the hotel quiet, clean, presentable, comfortable,... everything you could want for a reasonably priced room in London. I would certainly stay here again. The location is good for the tube and there are plenty of pubs, bars, restaurants and supermarkets very close by. The room having a fridge and air conditioning made it fantastic in the (unusually) hot weather. Overall this is a very pleasant hotel - not the Ritz, but certainly very comfortable.	
Jun 19 2006	Okay for just a night or two	My husband and I stayed at The Park International on June 17th as we were attending a concert in London. We are well travelled and have seen many of the hotels the world has to offer, and would warn Americans heading to England for the first time to be prepared for how small hotel rooms are and that most everything is quite old/run down. We booked a double twin room, arrived on Saturday for check in and there were no rooms of that type available. They switched us to two separate single twin rooms. We were glad that we at least had a place to stay (lots happening in the city this particular weekend so not much of a choice), but the two rooms were at opposite ends of the 4th floor (anyone who is familiar with England hotels knows that means there is a maze to walk through and 4 fire doors). The rooms are TINY which is true for most of England, but we found them to be especially small. The hotel is very old/run down, so if you are looking for real comfort, you may want to move on to another hotel. There were some positives. The hotel staff was very kind and tried their best to accommodate any needs, but in the evening we only found 2 staff members in the entire place. We only needed ice and that took over an hour. They were polite about it and apologized, but still a delay. The breakfast was quite good for a continential, I would strongly recommend getting there promoptly when they open as all seats were quickly occupied within 10 minutes of the door opening. Overall this met our needs, the location to the tube (Gloucester Station) is very good, the price compared to other hotels in the area was fair, the room was clean and there was a hot shower. I would absolutely not recommend this location for stays of more than a day or two or for any kind of special occassion. Also, be sure to surf the net for the best price, I found our rate at about a half of the rack rate on the hotel's own web page. Absolutely do not pay rack rate (about $249 US dollars) as it is absolutely not worth that kind of money.	
Jun 10 2006	Great place to stay	We stayed at the Park International Hotel in Kensington for 3 nights from May 21 thru May 23, we paid 69 pounds per night on the internet special. We arrived from Canada at 8am., check in was not until 2pm but they held our bags until check in time which was very helpful. We went for coffee and wandered around taking in the sights until 1:30pm, when we returned to the hotel we did the paperwork and waited in the lobby until check in time, just prior to 2pm they let us go to our room.We had no complaints with any of the staff, they all went out of their way anytime we asked for assistance.The room though small by North American standards was more than adequate with a full bathroom, fridge in room safe &amp; coffee &amp; tea. Everything was clean and newly decorated, what more can you ask for. The continental breakfast had lots of choices, we found itto be enough for us.The hotel was within walking distance to Hyde &amp; Kensington Parks, The Museum of Natural History plus many other places, it is also close to Underground, a grocery store close by which we utilized to by wine, beer and snacks. My husband and I agreed that we would stay at this hotel next time we visited London.	
May 12 2006 	The bad outweighed the good	After reading all the reviews on TripAdvisor, we decided to go with the Park International. The location seemed ideal and it truly is. I've always loved the Kensington/S. Kensington area and so was not disappointed by the proximity of the hotel to Gloucester tube station, the museums, some decent restaurants, cafés, and shops, etc. Very convenient indeed. But in some ways, the hotel itself leaves a lot to be desired. My friends and I had two rooms altogether (two people in a superior room and three people in a family suite sort of room) for a five-night stay. We're not the backpacking sort, nor were we expecting luxury for the price we paid. And we are well-travelled enough to know that space in most hotels outside of N. America comes at a price. That being said, let's get down to the specifics.The BAD: The first problem was that the price for one of the rooms quoted on the phone was not the price listed on the paperwork upon check-in, so future guests will definitely want to GET PRICES LOCKED IN IN WRITING. The hotel got away with inflating the price because we were too tired to look for another hotel upon our arrival. Our fault for settling, I suppose, but we just didn't want to be bothered quibbling or being without a hotel room after such a long flight (LA to London) and tube ride. The other problem that occurred was that the family suite had RODENTS. After complaining several times (once being told by a staffmember that WE should try to catch the mouse), the hotel FINALLY offered another room. It took a couple of days, believe it or not. And okay, lots of hotels in big cities throughout the world have vermin, but alternative accomodations should always be offered immediately and the guests' complaint should not be treated so non-chalantly. THE GOOD: Other than those two major problems, and to be fair, there are a few good things about the hotel apart from the location. I have to say that the staff, though at times inefficient, are nice enough. We called down because the hairdryer in the rooom was broken and the maintenance man, who also doubles as a desk clerk (and I suspect sometimes even works the concierge desk), brought a replacement within an hour. The continental breakfast buffet is good and consists of a decent selection of items if you're not staying more than a week (after that, I imagine the same cold cereals, croissants, breads, fruits, yogurt and lunch meats would become repetitive). The breakfast room staff (most of whom are Filipino) are pleasant, attentive and hard-working. Unlike staff at some hotels in the UK and Ireland, all the staff at the Park International spoke English (at other places we've been to, if you don't speak Russian, Polish or Albanian, you're out of luck with communicating with anyone but the front desk staff). Lastly, rooms are small, but we found them to be clean and the beds comfortable which is always appreciated.Overall, for a 3-star hotel, the Park International is not horribly bad, but it's far from perfect. You can probably find better deals in London if you just look.	
May 6 2006	A Mixed Bag	I booked a Superior room in this hotel on line after reviewing about 50 hotels in the Kensington area. Having lived in the UK and being familiar with UK hotels I was looking for something better in the mid range price. Check in around 2PM went fine and outwardly the room looked great. Large comfortable king size bed but very little space for 2 thin sized people to move around. (I would hate to see the size of their regular rooms!) On closer inspection, the bathroom sink was scarred with deep scratches (ideal for bacterior growth) and the bath tub stopper was broken. Minimal toiletries, worn towels and no hotel directory or TV instruction.Returned to the front desk to leave detailed written and verbal instructions for an impending call from my relatives from Australia who were staying nearby. We had planned a reunion dinner that night. At 4;30PM I returned to the front desk and noted a change of personel. Instructed them to contact me as soon as my relatives called. At 6:00 PM, having received no messages, I again visited the front desk and inquired if any calls had been received. Left more wriiten instructions and went out to dinner. Came back around 8:15PM and again there was no messages and phone calls. At 9:00PM, we got our first phone call from our relatives. They had called at 5:00PM and told we were not registered. They had called at 8:00PM and left a message which we did not receive. When I complained to the Manager, he said he would look into it. For the next 2 days I was avoided like the plague. To this date, I have never had the courtesy of an explanation. Disgraceful!The bottom line is that you can do better with a good London B&amp;B or rent an apartment for the week if you have family with you.	
Apr 30 2006	Its all about Locaton	The late Conrad Hilton said there is three things a hotel need to achieve success: Location, Location and Location. Providing all that and a comfy stay, the Park International Hotel London achieved all whatthey pomised. It is certain that one cannot find same large room at unbelievable price as in North Amerca, thank God to the price of real estate in the UK; but is it the purpose of your trip to spend it all in the hotel room???Location is great, for a serious traveler that is spending 14-16 hours outside, it fit me well. You would be close to pubs, restaurant and for those shopping freak: Harrods is a 20 min walk. (BTW: dont go to Harrod's with a backpack, they wont let you in!) Museums are easily reachable with public transportation and the nightlife of London is close: check out Earls Court (walking) and Soho a short taxi ride. Royal Albert Hall is close: Symphony tickets are not as expensive as one could think!If you like the feel of the english life (those who are fans of 'Coronation St.' will love it) book a room in the back of the hotel that views a typical English back alley with small gardens and cobblestone street... The hotel is C-L-E-A-N, there is a fridge and a safe in room and for those who dont like their breakfast because its too expensive, get yourself a sandwich and milk at Sainsbury 2 blocks away (and you realise that breakfast is not that expensive when you pay 8 pounds for that those two!).People: Life is great and enjoy your time in London and stop worry about anything else!	
Apr 28 2006	Never Again	What a lousy hotel...and the staff is worse. Our first room was unlivable. The next room they showed us was a corner Garrett, and the thrid room was several steps down from the category that we had booked.The room we finally got was what we had paid for, but getting it took us almost two hours of haggling. Not exactly what you want to be doing on a beautiful Sunday in London.FYI: There is a storage charge for your baggage on day of departure (storage on day of arrival is free)	
Apr 18 2006	Bit of a dive actually	So I picked this hotel last year as part of a package when I visited London in late November of 2005. Price seemed right (though everything in London is overpriced) and the reviews didn't seem too bad, so I went with it.Well, it was not a completely disastrous experience, just not a good one. I got a dungeon for a room (there are two rooms on the ground floor that are quite dark and dreary, with no view). At night, there were plenty of weird noises and sounds emanating from all kinds of directions. The advertised wireless internet didn't work at all (and attempts to fix the problem fell on deaf ears). The appointments in the room were okay (if a bit drab), but certainly clean. The bed was typical English fare (e.g. hard and lumpy) but passable. I did not have the breakfast, they wanted too much for it. They also nickeled and dimed you for everything (if you arrived early, if you left late, and so on.)Its location is good (Cromwell Rd is a main thoroughfare out fo the western end of the city, and it's a 40 minute ride to Heathrow on the Piccadilly line) but that's about all it has going for it. Shops and restaurants are nearby, but none are all that fantastic to write home about.In the end I would not stay at this hotel again, because I think there are better deals to be had in London. That said, I can't warn others to stay far far away because I think this hotel has its good points too. Perhaps if I'd gotten a better room...	
Apr 1 2006	Modest Accommodation in a Great Location	We stayed four nights at the Park International in mid-March. For budget-minded travellers the location is very good. You can take the tube direct from Heathrow to the Gloucester Road station in 40 minutes; the hotel is only a two-minute walk from the station. All of central London is easily accessible from this location.We booked the &quot;early booker&quot; special via the internet for 69 pounds per night. This included a modest breakfast buffet and a room with a king-sized bed. Our 5th floor room was respectable if a little run-down. The main weakness was the bed which felt like a steel frame covered by a bedsheet. We also suspect that a prior guest had been smoking in the no-smoking room.All in all, the hotel was a pretty good deal but we will try another in the area on our next visit.	
Mar 30 2006	Perfectly fine stay	Stayed at the Park International hotel for 6 nights March 10-16 in a twin room, Dad with teenage son. This was a return trip to this hotel, having had a pleasant experience before.Booking was easy over the internet directly with reservations...only later saw a USA 1-800 number on their website. Rate included continental breakfast, and they blocked my preferred room for my late arrival.Upon arrival, found out all rooms except those in the basement are now non-smoking. As a smoker, I chose move to room 49 in the basement. I think it is the best room in the hotel. The layout was odd and the furnishings basic, with no dresser...had to live out of suitcases. The window viewed out into a void area and the TV was a small wall-mount. So why was it so good?You could hear a pin drop in that room. It has exterior walls on two sides, a mechanical or storage room on the third, and a hallway on the other. I never heard anyone or anything all week. For a light sleeper, this was a an extrodinary find. Also, instant, copias amounts of hot water for a deep tub...great for soaking sore legs after a long day. Breakfast was basic pastry, cereal, fruit, some ham and yogurt, coffee and juice. Isn't this what a continental breakfast is supposed to be? No complaints here. The breakfast room is bright, spotless, and the help was pleasant enough. It all boils down to expectation levels and what one wants out of a hotel. The Park International is ample to rest between outings and recharge overnight. It was safe, clean, had accaptable employees, put something in the belly in the morning, had a fridge and safe in the room, and was convenient to the Tube in a nice area.Is it a Marriott or a Hilton? No way...doesn't pretend to be. It doesn't charge Marriott or Hilton rates either. But for a perfectly fine hotel to sightsee London, this one will do it. I'll be back.I agree with the other good reviews on this website.	
Mar 23 2006	Disappointing experience	I wish that I would have read further down on the trip advisor reviews and looked carefully at the actual photos taken by other trip advisor members instead of the ones on the hotel's site. They are more then misleading. As a matter of fact their whole site is misleading.This is clearly a 2 star hotel, no better. The breakfast is minimal, the rooms are small, members of the staff boaderline rude . The bathroom was small, in very poor shape, no water pressure, cracked sink poor floors among some complaints. The room itself is overstuffed with furniture that doesn't fit and it was maybe 12sq.m in size. Never got clean sheets in 5 days, room was barely cleaned.The biggest thing to beware of is the basement rooms. The 1st night they shuffled me off to the basement in a room that was intolerable, I actually mean basement. After a bit of a fuss they moved me to a smaller room but at least I could look out and see something, althought the windows were filfy.There were some nice staff members that were pleasant, the location is fine but as others have mentioned it's not for night life. I ended up paying on average of 150 $ a night for this room. My advise is, for that money keep looking.I wish that I knew about hotelink before I got to London, they made my travel back to the airport wonderful. Check it out!	
Mar 14 2006	Exceptional experiences!	I stayed at the Park International London on the first and last legs of a 2 week solo UK trip in January 2006. I researched alot of hotels in London for this, my second trip to the UK, and I don't think I could have done much better than the Park International. I arrived at their lobby after a 10+ hour plane ride from San Francisco at about 11am UK time. The hotel couldn't have been easier to find, when you come out the Gloucester Rd tube stop (Piccadilly Line), turn left at the corner (where the pharmacy is) and go about a block and a half and there it is on your left, with all the flags hanging from the roof. I knew they wouldn't let me check in until 2pm so I was able to drop my bag with the friendly concierge, and went wandering the neighborhood until I could check in. There's tons to see around there-- I had a bite at the cafe across the street, checked my email at the internet cafe next to it, then walked to the Natural History museum. (about 2 blocks west of the hotel) When I was able to check in, I was more than pleased with my room. I had booked a king room with a fridge through an early booking promotion on the hotel's website for about 48GBP. (about $86USD) The bed was huge and comfy, the bathroom in good condition, the tv was large, and the room was quiet, facing the row of buildings behind the hotel. I stayed in that room (212) for 3 nights at the beginning of my trip, and was never too cold or too hot, always had something to watch on tv in the mornings and evenings, and was very quiet. The maid service was excellent, they replaced everything including soap, towels, and coffee tray items every day and never bothered me. The front desk was great, even delivered a note with a message a friend left for me under my door.The location is superb, I was able to walk to the Sainsburys (about 2 blocks east toward Earl's Court) and shop for groceries and drinks and save money on eating out by putting the stuff in the room's fridge. The tube was less than 5 minute's walk away, and there was plenty of fast food to choose from across from the tube station (KFC, Starbucks, Burger King) as well as small restaurants of every imaginable kind. I had such a good experience with the hotel on the first leg of my trip that it was a huge relief to be able to come back to it at the end of my trip. I even left Dublin Ireland a day earlier than expected and was able to get a room a day early back at the Park International with little fuss through Yahoo Travel, though I switched rooms after that add on night according to my original second leg of the trip reservation. So in all, I stayed in 3 rooms in all on my vacation in London. I had a great room for the single add on night (512?) facing Cromwell road on the top floor, great view! Then I was switched per my reservation to 207 (or 208?) in the back, for which I had to go up and down stairs in a back hallway. (not a big deal but kinda confusing) While in that room, on a Saturday evening, we had a fire alarm go off, and we had to evacuate. I was surprised how slow the guests moved to leave the building!! The staff was very good about getting us out though, and after the fire brigade checked out the hotel (false alarm), we were able to go back in. The rest of my stay was uneventful. The staff were nice at all times, and the breakfast buffet was good, too, though it was mainly toast, cereal, fruit cocktail, ham and cheese, pastries, and coffee. Through my booking online, it was included in the price.I will return to London again and again I am sure, and will absolutely stay at the Park International!!! It comes highly recommended by me.	
Feb 25 2006	London cold. Room toooooo hot	Stayed there with my family - husband and son aged 7 yrs. Room a bit small - top of the hotel and very hot. Clean. Staff friendly and helpful.	
Feb 24 2006	Would Stay Again....	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Park for 4 nights last week and we have to say that the experience overall was not bad at all. We stayed in room 503 and it was a bit small but not small enough that we couldn't get a good night's sleep. The room was furnished with a 25&quot; TV and the cable was working fine. However, the number of channels was limited. The bed was adequate but the springs were felt in a few places, kind of like your favorite old couch that you don't want to throw away. The bathroom was small especially the shower, I couldn't bend over to touch my toes it was that small, you have to squat. The pressure was fine and there was enough hot water, no complaints there. The room was very clean as was the bathroom. Fresh towels were given every day as well as hand towels and soap and shampoo. The room was rather quiet, but we could hear other guests when they walked by, the floors were a little creaky, but nothing to lose sleep over. Our room faced Cromwell street but the new windows kept the room very quiet. The air conditioner and heater worked in the room, we tested them for the heck of it. The safe in the room was a nice touch, we used it and it worked just fine. We really didn't find much wrong with the hotel, we would definitely stay there again. We felt that it was a good qualilty hotel and we got what we paid for. The only time we felt that we didn't get what we paid for is breakfast. The buffet is NOT worth 8 GBP. You have a choice of cereal, toast, croissants, ham, and cheese. We had to get rid of some money on our last day so we tried the breakfast, we wouldn't spend that money again for that breakfast. The location of the hotel is great as it is only a short walk (1 1/2 blocks) from Gloucester Road tube station and is on the same side of the street. Across from the tube station is a KFC, Burger King, and a Starbucks. The gorcery store adjacent to the tube station has a great selection but if you want some good things to go AND open 24 hours, check out the Tesco next to the Starbucks. We got snacks and sandwiches there for a great price almost every day. All in all, the Park is a good hotel and if you are looking for a good deal and a clean room, then Park is for you.	
Feb 10 2006	great if on a budget.	We stayed at the Park International for 6 nights earlier this month and there were no unwelcome surprises. The Park has all the amenities you'd need (well, except for a pad and pen...but the mini-fridge comes in handy) and the staff were nothing but friendly and helpful. While not terribly posh nor modern (we didn't stay in one of the renovated rooms), our room was more than adequate. It faced the back and though the view was nothing to write home about, we slept peacefully every night. My only criticism is with the toilet, which took some stamina to flush.	
Jan 23 2006	Best Location Best Breakfast Courtious Staff	As other reviews mentioned, this is a very nice hotel, with a convenient tube (Gloucester Road) closeby, only 3 minutes walk. Lots of restaurants, fast food (Burger King and KFC), Starbucks coffee, and the best is to have a convience store which we visited everyday with fresh fruits/salad/sandwich. The hotel room is tiny but neat. Our room is facing the street, but it's not noisy at all. Hotel offer wireless internet at a rate of 24 hours for £12.00. However, an internet cafe is just opposite to the hotel at a much lower rate. Also, you can buy long distance call card from the store next to the internet cafe at a low price, instead of calling home from the hotel room. The continental buffet breakfast is the best of all, they feed you well before starting your day. Everyone in the hotel is very polite, smile to you everytime when you go in and out of the hotel. The best staff is the guy working at the Concierge desk, he is the busiest guy and most helpful. One tips: DO NOT BOOK CAB WITH THE HOTEL RECEPTION. the day, we went to Paris, we asked the reception to book us cab to the Eurostar station, we asked different people, they said it's around 10 pound, however, that morning, a guy driving a mercedes picked us up and then he charged us 18 pound, obviously overcharge! Over all, we love our hotel, book this hotel is a right decision!	
Jan 21 2006	staff the best	Due to the un planned loss of my passport and my roommates loosing hers we had to stay an extra two days. The staff advised me to go to the internet cafe accross the street and make my reservations for the extra two nights at a better rate had we just changed them at the desk. They were so helpful in giving direcetions and suggestions to us two old ladies.I have worked as a desk clerk for a couple of hotel chains and I know how hard it can be to keep being so polite to people. I would reccomend the hotel to any one that would be going to London. Thank You! Diana Spenik &amp; Christine Morrelli from St. Petersburg FL.	
Jan 18 2006	I love the way they improve rooms and service	Me and my wife have stayed at the Park International Hotel several times. Each time rooms and service is improved.This time we had a room facing the street, and the tripple glazing in the large windows made the room sound proof and warm, we would very much have 315 next time also.Breakfast is good and the staff friendly, one thing I miss at breakfast is a hardboiled egg.	
Jan 18 2006	ok hotel	Stayed at the Park international hotel for 3 nights. First of all the location is nice with Gloucester Road tube station just 2 minutes away. The room was small but clean with no noise to be mentioned from other rooms or from the street. The staff were polite and helpful! The price offered at hotels.com of 40£/room is good value for money!!! Did not try the breakfast. Overall a nice stay at a reasonable price!	
Jan 12 2006	Polite staff/unclean rooms	The staff at the desk were professional and polite. The two concierges could not have been more helpful. They were embarrassed by the the poor cleanliness of our room. One even offered to remake the bed with clean sheets after housekeeping did not do the job. When we arrived earlier than the 2:00pm check-in time, we were charged forty dollars to get our room. The bathroom was not cleaned and the waste baskets were not emptied. Used soap from the last guests was still on the sink basin. Housekeeping responded to our call by telling us to go to the desk and ask for another room. Since we already unpacked, that wasn't feasible. The day manager did get housekeeping to clean the bathroom and removed the early check-in fee. Yet the carpet was never vacuumed; the refrigerator did not cool, one lamp was missing a lightbulb; and the room safe was broken. Even getting a roll of toilet paper was a problem. An overnight stay would not be a problem, but we were there for four nights, so the problems started to get on our nerves. The neighborhood is ideal with great bakeries, a grocery store, a good variety of reasonable restaurants and close proximity to public transportation. However, next time, we would look into one of the many other hotels in the area.	
Dec 27 2005	The Glow has waned some	While the hotel was OK, the earlier reviews promised more. Start with pluses - it is only one block from a blue line tube stop, and it has a charming apprearance. The lobby was comfortable, and the staff pleasant. Our room was acceptable for the price but not a &quot;bargain&quot;. The sink basin was cracked, the room had a slight off smell (not bad, just noticable when entering). The most annoying part was the nickle and diming. It was 2 pounds + extra for every phone call made on a toll free card. It was 1 pound for every bag you wanted to store while siteseeing. The breakfast wasn't included as we booked on line, but they didn't mention it until we got there. And, the breakfast wasn't incredible (especially at 7 pounds extra). OK for singles, and shoestringers but over $100 would be too steep - for our experience.	
Nov 23 2005	Loved the Park International Hotel	I recommend this hotel, it's a bit expensive but worth it. I stayed in room 05, it's a big room compared to the other hotels I stayed in while I was in London. I can't say how the breakfast was because I didn't get up on time.	
Oct 31 2005	Couldn't do better!	We stayed at the Park International for 3 nights and couldn't have asked for nicer accommodation or more abliging customer service. I don't think I have found such great customer service anywhere in the world (even in a five star hotel).The room was spacious and clean. Breakfast was sufficient. The night staff were more than helpful when we had a crisis that required faxes and internet access. The concierge was friendly as well as welcoming at all times. It was value for money; especially in London using Australian dollars.I would certainly jump at the opportunity to stay there again!	
Oct 26 2005	Ok Hotel	Hubby and I just spent a week at the Park Hotel after spending a bad bad night at the Crown Moran Hotel (hotel too far out of town). Our cab driver took us to this spot. In a lovely rich neighborhood. Great italian restaurant and internet cafe across the street. The Glouster tube station is a fast 3/block walk. Very convient to get anywhere from this hotel. Very pretty white stucco buildings that I believe where homes at one time. The lobby is clean and bright. But be warned....the rooms are very small - I am talking cruise ship small but clean and that is about it. Nothing fancy here. The bed was very tiny and the sheets/blankets had some holes in it which I thought was a bit on the tacky side. We had no view of anything. But the price is right. We payed about $70.00 a night and that came with breakfast. The breakfast really was wonderful at this hotel. Lot's of cereals, juices, toast, bagels, muffins, coffee, cold-cuts - really nice breakfast. They have a tour desk set up in the lobby which was wonderful. They will book cabs for you, dinner reservations, Eurostar trips, you name it - they will do it for you which was a big plus for us! This hotel was ok for us. This hotel is located in a rich, classy neighborhood but at 9pm everything shuts up. You have nothing to do at night at this location. We found ourselves taking cabs everynight to Soho where there are tons of restaurants, pubs, cafes and some nightlife. So if you want nightlife this hotel will not do it. Also the hotel was wide open when we checked in and after flying all night long to get to London we wanted to check in early. This hotel charged us an extra $40.00 for an 'early check in' when the rooms were all empty. I found this to be so bad, tacky and really poor business. NO ice in the room - you have to ask for that. The staff was a bit unfriendly and no wash clothes in the bathroom. This hotel is reasonable in the price, breakfast is good but you are getting a very tiny room with the bare minimum. Coming from the Crown Moran Hotel this was ok for us. But when a hotel has HOLES in the blankets and sheets - I think it is time for a makeover. But if you want something that is reasonable in price and the bare basics and no nightlife then this hotel will work for you. Also the hotel is located on a very busy street - lots of noise from the traffic if you stay here. Ask for a room in the back of the hotel. Also very dangerous to try to cross the street from this hotel. You also have to walk about 3/blocks to flag down a cab as well. Hope this helps. Happy travels to all. Email me if I can answer any questions for anyone.	
Oct 24 2005 	Home away from Home	For the first time I chose a hotel via the internet; being a sceptic, my choice of Park International proved an excellent choice!The layout of the reception was beautiful and the room was very comfortable with excellent facilities. Combining business meetings with a short break to visit places of interest like the london eye, cruise on the River Thames, could be tiring. The comfort of the bed and room was ever so relaxing and refereshing. A beautiful sleep with well laid out continenetal breakfast does the magic for another day of work and fun!For the price, Park International, does offer good service, excellent staff profile that makes you feel at home....some 6000kms away from home!!	
Oct 19 2005	A great stay at the Park Internation Hotel!	Dear Sir: My wife and I stayed at the Park International Hotel for 10 days in September 2005. The Park International was in a great location for us tourists. The room was always clean with a good bathroom and very comfortable beds. Although we were on the Cromwell Rd. side of the building that presented no problem with noise as the double glazed windows kept the traffic noise out. The continental breakfast was the best I've had anywhere, with a good selection of cereals, pastries, fruits &amp; juices and toast and coffee. The staff were always friendly and helpful and went out of their way to make our stay in London enjoyable. We'll definitely be back. Thank you. Ian &amp; Charlotte, Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, CANADA	
Oct 19 2005	cant go wrong..awesome place	internet cafe across street. breakfast place as well. central london posh location....service was great..very clean rooms and the price was unbeatable..stay her if u can afford 40 poiunds a night and u will be surely satisfied..have a good tripcheers	
Oct 17 2005	Return visit as good as the first	We had stayed before and enjoyed the experience finding it convenient for a Tube station and clean and comfortable. Since then I had read very mixed reviews on Trip Advisor and returned with slight trepidation. We had no need to worry: clean room; reasonable rates; pleasant staff; enjoyable breakfast etc. No complaints whatsoever. Perhaps it depends to some extent on what you pay. I notice they have 'bargain' rooms. I paid a little more both times for what they call a 'superior' room. The price was still much less than I had seen advertised in most London hotels. It was particularly reasonable considering you get breakfast included. I would definitely return again.	
Oct 12 2005	Would definitely recommend	We stayed here for 7 days and thought the hotel was very nice. The room was very well priced and very clean. Staff was friendly and helpful. Location is very close to the Gloucester tube station and many places to eat. There is an internet cafe right across the street or you can use the computer in the lobby for a small fee. There is also a Sainsbury just up the road so the location is excellent. We were under the impression that there was free wireless internet available in our rooms but that was not the case. There was wireless service available but you needed to buy time to use it. The hourly and daily rate for the internet was rather expensive but if you buy a whole week the price is not too bad.Overall we enjoyed our stay and will definitely stay there again next time we are in London.	
Oct 11 2005	great hotel very good price	Very good hotel, very clean and confortable. Location is also fine (5 min to nearest tube station - Gloucester Road). Continental breakfast was also a &quot;surprise&quot; and can be considered as good. Good choice in terms of price vs quality.	
Sep 20 2005	Great bargain/Fine Hotel	I stayed for 14 days.Small room? Yes. Everything I needed? Yes - bed, closet, desk, alarm clock, TV, toilet, shower, sink, window (I never used the AC). Single bed smaller than a twin - but I slept well. Room was toward the back - very quiet. Continental breakfast - simple but filling (included with price if you book through their website - check the specials link - I had one of the &quot;leisure single&quot; rooms - price ranged from 38-54 pounds depending on the night).Only minor problem - the refrigerator didn't work well...but I wasn't there very often to need it : )Close to Gloucester Road tube station, laundromat one block away, Internet Cafe right across the street, restaurants all over...I would definitely stay there again!	
Sep 15 2005 	Too noisy	In my opinion the primary purpose of a hotel room is that it should be somewhere that one can sleep. Unfortunately my room was right next to a huge noisy air-conditioning block that made loud irregular rattly-whirey sounds all night. A heavy sleeper might be able to sleep through it, but I couldn't.The room had air conditioning, but the air-con just recycled air within the room rather than bringing air in, with the result that the room felt stuffy unless the window was opened - making the noise outside even louder.Other readers have pointed out other problems that I can confirm. The rooms are indeed tiny - but that is normal for London, and there are holes in the sheets - but I don't particularly mind that. If the room had had double glazing and a decent air-con then I wouldn't have had any complaints.	
Sep 15 2005	Good Hotel Great Price	Just spent six days at the Park International and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel. My only complaint is that it isn't closer to central London as my husband I prefer to be able to walk everywhere, but it is only a block and a half from the tube station. Our room was large enough by European standards -- plenty of room to unpack (we were gone for a total of 16 days) and still stow our suitcases out of site. The room had a double bed, desk, mini refrigerator, hairdryer, coffee/tea maker, large tv and enough drawers to put everything away. Even the closet was a nice size. The bathroom reminded me of an American bathroom with full shower/tub, etc. My husband may be back in London early next year and plans to stay there again. It is a great deal. Now for the breakfast--no complaints there either. Rolls/croissants/bread, cereal with many toppings, canned fruit (haven't eaten that in a long time, but it was good) meat, cheese, coffed/tea/juice. This kept us going for most of the day. Be sure to book off the hotel website or breakfast may not be included. Also, the rates are better.	
Sep 9 2005 	Disappointing	First of all I must say that much of what I have read here failed to be true in my experience. The reception staff spoke excellent English and the breakfast, while nothing special, was fine. The refrigerator and widescreen TV were nice touches in the room as was the air con, especially on a sultry London night. Yet there were still so many problems. The TV and fridge failed to work, the air con was noisy and kept making noise during the night. The bathroom was filthy, with a cracked sink. There were cigarette burns in the blankets. I had arrived late and was leaving early, so I just needed a place to put my head for the night and couldn't be bothered to complain, so I can't say anything for the staff's ability to cope with problems. This was booked on my behalf but I would actively chose not to stay here again.	
Sep 3 2005	great value	i stayed at the park with my 9 year old son for three night it was great value at £49 per night and the staff were friendly and helpful great location for museums and bus to west end stops outside the door i had worries after reading reviews of hotel but they were totally unfounded our room was clean and air conditioned	
Aug 16 2005	Great value conveniently located	This hotel provided us with less than $100 per night living at a time when $250 was common. It is very conveniently located, clean, serves a good continental breakfast (albeit the same one every day, virtually), quiet, and pleasant. The convenience was very helpful to my wife and me. We were able to get on two day-trip &quot;coaches&quot; (read &quot;buses&quot;) within a half-block and were delivered to the same address. The tube is just a block and a half away. It is on the very busy, very arterial Cromwell St. Grocery stores, restaurants, internet cafes, Starbucks, all very close by.For all those negative reviews out there, I just wonder what those folks are used to...or if they've ever really had anything that meets their standards.This place is a very good value and I wouldn't hesitate to book here again. (We spent eight nights here.)	
Jul 27 2005	Great Value	There have been many bad reviews, and many good reviews of this hotel. I must say that I had a wonderful experience!I booked using their internet rate (53/night including breakfast) for a king leisure room. When I arrived at 7 am, they checked my bags for me as my room wouldn't be ready until 2 pm (I knew this in advance). When I finally got my room, it was on the 2nd floor, at the front of the hotel. It was a little larger than I had expected. Everything was immaculately clean, and in working order (no problems with the TV, A/C or outlets). If you are a light sleeper (which I am not), you may want to request a room at the back of the hotel (street noise does not bother me in the least).Breakfast was pretty basic...croissants, pastries, cereal, toast, ham and cheese. It was fresh, and there was always a good selection when I was in the dining room.The sports bar which they advertise on their web site was never open, however when I came in late one evening and wanted a drink before retiring, they were very accommodating in getting me one, and turning on the television (to what I wanted) for me to enjoy while having my drink.For the price, this was an amazing value, and so centrally located in a very nice neighbourhood. I would go back in a heart beat!	
Jul 22 2005 	Don't believe everything you read	I read a lot of poor reviews of this hotel on-line, as well as good ones. I reserved a room, reasoning that the poor reviews were from a vocal minority. I enjoyed my stay there. Yes, the room was small (a single), which is to be expected in the U.K. The bed was very comfortable; the room was clean; the TV worked fine; the bath was tiny but spotless, with plenty of hot water; and the staff were very polite and accommodating. Great location in Kensington, close to plenty of amenities, including a very good place for breakfast, The Patisserie, and a lovely pub with super food. And the price was great. So don't believe all the grumblers out there -- and enjoy London!	
Jul 20 2005	Suite?????	Stayed for 9 nights in June. Booked a &quot;King suite&quot; on-line for the entire time. GBP 149, after conversion $325 per night. Probably the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in. Hot, uncomfortable and not well maintained.One electrical outlet in the entire room, it was inside the closet.After checking in and going to the room for the first time, I was amazed at the size of the room. I called down to the desk and said that there must be some mistake because I booked a suite. The clerk laughed and said I had the suite.Never again...	
Jul 11 2005	Yuk	When my mom and I stayed here last spring, our room was small, dirty, and uncomfortable. The staff were unhelpful and the lobby was a mess. Don't stay here!	
Jul 11 2005	Value for money	Having read the reviews on this excellent website we hesitated to book a room in this hotel, however it seemed as if you could avoid the basement rooms you should be OK. I had a long talk to the Hotel Manager urging him to give us(2 adults and 3 kids) a family room on the upper floors. Strange enough he could not guarantee it but assured us that we had a &quot;95%&quot; chance(?) to get one of the 14 family rooms on the upper floors. Luckily we received a room on the 3rd floor which was bigger than average family rooms we have had in other hotels around the world, including two double beds and a baby cot. For English standards(which are though below European...) the room was nice and seem to have been refurbished in recent years. Same goes for the bathroom which was small but tidy. If I would only rate the room I would say it was excellent value for £118 a night.The breakfast was also better than standard English continental. With several different cerials, toasted bread and pastries to choose from. Both ham, cheese and marmelade were available.The performance of the staff was however somewhat uneven. Most of the personnel seem to be from Eastern Europe and a few from Asia. Some of them were very service minded but some were less. All in all they were &quot;okay, but some problems&quot;. Despite the fact that the terrible subway bombings occurred during our 5 nights stay I would definately recommend other families to book this hotel as long as you make sure you stay clear of the basement level. You will not find better value for money if you are a family of five.	
Jul 10 2005	Never been treated worse	Since I arrived at the hotel, I was embarrassed to be taking my girlfriend along. We were greated with a terrible stench and worse reception service.After spending a day in the terrible room, I started asking around and the hotels just around the corner were not more expensive.I made a phone call within Europe without a phone card, which they do not sell in the hotel and was charged more for the 6 minute call than the room's rate.I complained and the hotel representant who could hardly speak English told me it wasn't their problem and that I should know better as to not dial from the room.I've travelled around, stayed in luxury hotels and very inexpensive hostels. By far, this was worse than any other place I have visited. Do yourself a favor and avoid this place.P.S. I never write reviews.	
Jun 26 2005	Firetrap	I don't know what the upper floor rooms are like but the basement rooms are a fire trap. For 2 of the 3 days I stayed here, the elevator did not work. So, I had to take the stairs to the reception floor. Finding these stairs is quite a challenge. The corridors are narrow with many doors that lead to nothing but dead-ends. There are no instructions posted on how to escape this maze.To make matters worse, on the third day the fires alarms kept going off.Staff was very non-chalant and said they were mal-functioning and to just ignore them.This is a disaster waiting to happen	
Jun 17 2005	Wrong place - Wrong time	We just returned from London and staying at the Park International. When we booked the reservations, I went by others advise off this page. I made our reservations and then called to ask about upgrading to a larger room. I was told &quot;no problem to do this when you arrive as we always have plenty of rooms.&quot; NEVER follow that advise. We arrived to find that the hotel was completely covered in scalfolling and they were re-painting. This is something I had not been told on the phone in making the reservations. If I had known this I probably would have gone someplace else. The hotel lobby was pleasant enough and the staff were adequate. I at times found the lady at the front desk rude in the way she answered questions. When we finally got to our room, it was a joke. I felt we had to walk through a maze to even find the room. Exited on one floor, through some doors up some steps, down some steps, through another door...all with luggage and NO assistance from the front desk. The room was &quot;larger&quot; than most European rooms, but what a mess. The floor slanted toward the wall and the carpet was worn. The room was on the back of the hotel and it looked like a slum. There was pigeon &quot;pooped&quot; all over the window seals, the windows, etc. The TV was small and did not work well. Though the hotel served a continental breakfast - typical pastries, etc. they were usually running out of items and only one staff member to meet you at the door and re-stock everything. Think twice before booking this one!!	
Jun 14 2005	Great Hotel - Will stay again	Completely disagree with some of the other comments. We just stayed at the Park International Hotel and we had a wonderful time. We have 2 children and after a long flight, we were exhausted. The staff was so friendly and helpful and our room was beautiful. I think they just renovated. The room was large and it had air conditioning (which isn't a given in London)! Our room price was less than some of the other hotels we looked at in the area too. We will stay here again!	
Jun 12 2005	Great Rates and Excellent Accommodations	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a week in May of this year, and found it to be, by far, the best hotel we have ever stayed in during our 3 trips to England. We were utterly surprised by some of the poor reviews and comments posted on this website, as we experienced none of these negatives, instead just the opposite. Our room was very nice &amp; clean, with exceptionally comfortable beds and pillows (my husband has a bad back and is very critical of hotel beds). The room offered some nice extra amenities, i.e., safe and small refrigerator; we received a free daily USA Today; and enjoyed the complimentary full-buffet breakfast every morning. The staff were polite, articulate, knowledgeable, and helpful. The location was also a great asset as it is only a couple of blocks from the tube and there are 2 grocery stores within a block or two away. We plan to travel to England in January 2006 and will definitely stay at Park International.	
May 26 2005	Traveler beware! A truly disastrous experience	As a traveler who has stayed in and enjoyed everything from luxury to super-budget hotels in many different corners of the world, I can only say that this was without question the single most unpleasant hotel experience I have ever had. Having booked a room more than two months in advance and spoken with hotel staff the morning of our arrival re: the room type and our need for a baby cot, we arrived after a long flight only to discover not only no baby cot, which we could have dealt with, but a different kind of room than we'd reserved and--here's the clincher--no electricity in the bathroom and one tiny, grim lamp in the bedroom. This actually might have been a bonus, considering that once we did see the room they put us in after an hour and a half of exhausted negotiating, it was grimy and so cramped we could literally barely make our way from the tiny bed to the bathroom without knocking ourselves on the corner of some piece of furniture. Add to this that it was freezing cold--and having lived in England for some years, I am accustomed to and prepared for a slightly chillier room in the UK than one might get stateside--and that the manager, in the morning, not only wasn't polite enough to even apologize when we checked out and had them refund the second night we'd paid for in advance, but didn't even seem to care we were frustrated and leaving. The final insult? They got the porter to help us down the street to the hotel we found for ourselves, and he took us to the wrong place! Find anywhere to stay but this wretched hole!	
Apr 24 2005	Mixed Emotions	I stayed at the Park International twice. First time was in July 04, when I went to London to watch the Wimbledon Tournament. I had a twin room with a friend which was in the basement. As we didn`t spend too much time in the room, we were not really bothered, that the room was not quite luxurious. It was not bad and nothing special - but ok for two guys who wanted some fun days out in London.Second time I stayed there was in September 04, when I went there with my wife. We got a double room in the fifth floor and I couldn`t believe that this was the same hotel - the room was absolutely fantastic, it seemed to be new (at least new renovated), it was quite large, with a working fridge, kind of a flat screen tv and really clean and neat.I also made the experience, that the staff at the reception has a large variety of enthusiasm and customer care. Some are friendly and helpful, others don`t seem to care...I would probably stay there again if the price was right!	
Apr 20 2005	Inconsistant Park International	I stayed at this hotel in January of 2002 and now that I'm looking again to book in London, I thought I would write a review in hopes of warning others to stay away from the Park International.The best way to describe this hotel would to say it is incredibly inconsistant. When sitting at the lobby restaurant, I saw families enjoying themselves, well rested after a good night's sleep and thought to myself, &quot;Why is their stay so nice, and mine is so miserable?&quot; It was frustrating to say the least.Upon our arrival, my husband and I checked in and immediatly escaped to our room to nap off our jet lag. The carpet around the bathroom was damp and the room smelled musty, so pungent it was sickening. We tried to keep an open mind and excused the dampness as part of January weather or possibly a spill that was drying out. We were wrong, at about 10:00 the next night, I awoke to the sound of water trickling. I got up to check the faucets and coming from the cieling of the bathroom, was a shower of water from the bathroom above us. It had run all over the bathroom floor and was flooding out into the bedroom area, being absorbed by the carpet. We immediatly called down to the front desk and explained the situation. The manager responded by sending up a clerk who knocked on the door, set a stack of towels on the floor, and left before we could answer! We called down again only to be told that the earliest our room could be vaccumed out was in the morning. When then asked for a room change (something they should have offered in the first place) the manager claimed the hotel was full.In the morning we confronted the manager who finally agreed to change our room. We were moved to a larger room down the hall with two double beds and the rest of the stay went very well. Although, we found it incredibly disturbing when we noticed that they immediatly placed another couple in the wet room within an hour of us moving out.London is full of reasonably priced hotels so I would advise booking elsewhere. With the Park International, you never know what your going to get.	
Apr 6 2005	Excellent value	We stayed at this hotel 2x on our way to France in August 2003. We flew via London and were travelling with an 18 month old. We wanted to have a break between flights so we booked a night at this hotel. We knew that in London, hotel rooms would be tiny so that was to be expected. I booked it online through their website and got an excellent rate. Far cheaper than their posted rates at the front desk.The hotel was clean, the room was tiny with a large king sized bed. Air conditioning which was critical since we arrived during the heatwave, on the hottest day on record, over 40oC. We were very happy with this hotel. It came with breakfast included which was a buffet style and quite good.	
Mar 19 2005	Very pleased with our stay!	We just returned to the USA after five nights here and were very satisfied with our room and all contacts with the staff. Our superior room (57 pounds per night booked on line) was better than I expected - comfortable king size bed, 2 chairs and table, small refrigerator. The bathroom appeared newly renovated with pedestal sink(excellent water pressure in the shower/tub). We had room 122 in the back - VERY QUIET and private, away from the streetfront. Each day the room was cleaned very well. The continental breakfast was OK, and included croissant, pastries, assorted meats and cheeses, canned fruit, juices, cereals, etc. The staff were great to us - very helpful with directions, and David the concierge was GREAT in helping us book day tours (the Premium tour was good - we were disappointed with Evans &amp; Evans). The location of the hotel was GREAT - near tube station, Waitrose market, Starbucks - all within 2 blocks. We would definitiely stay here again when returning to London. I am surprised by the other poor reviews listed and can only think &quot;you get what you pay for.&quot; This hotel was a great value for our money.	
Mar 19 2005	4th Floor Clean Met Expectations	We booked this hotel as part of a hotel/airline package. The staff was polite. The room was clean, but somewhat small (coming from US hotel experience). My only real complaint was the lack of care given to maintaining the room (construction maintenance, not cleaning). The door to the bathroom was in shambles, the trim work was questionable and framed notices (rates, fire exit info, etc.) were so far off of level that I wondered if the installer had his/her eyes open. This won't bother some people. Apparently it doesn't bother the proprietors.Nitpicking aside, I would be willing to stay there again. But I might bring my tool box.	
Mar 17 2005	Absolute nightmare - cramped dirty and noisy	This is without a doubt the worst place I have ever stayed in my life, I can't believe they even have a star rating.The lobby is pleasant enough so I thought &quot;hey it's going to be nice here&quot; until I got to my room in the basement which had a grubby window I couldn't even see out of. It was a single, so I expected it to be cosy but oh my you couldn't even walk round the bed. The room was so small there was just a single bed (with dirty and torn sheets on it) stuck up against a wall with a TV on an extending arm from the ceiling (hey it saves space and you needed it in that room) and a big desk that made it so you couldn't actually walk between the bed and the desk, just squeeze through the gap. The room was 8ft x 5ft max. The bathroom was well......tiny......but it's not like I was going to live there so I didn't mind that so much.I didn't get any sleep that night, my dungeon room was located next to a boiler or something that made the most horrendous noise the entire night, the Night Porter didn't care and the assistant manager next morning basically said I was lying but would &quot;as a goodwill gesture&quot; offer me 20% off my next booking.That's the sort of goodwill extended to worst enemies. I would never ever stay there again or recommend anyone to. It's like a bail hostel! Avoid at all costs, spend the extra £20 and stay somewhere nicer.	
Mar 15 2005	So very bad	We spent one night is this awful place, then moved down the street to a much nicer place (for the same price). If you only have a chance to go to London once, pick a better hotel that this one.	
Mar 8 2005 	horrible	I stayed there in 2002. The room were very small, there was hardly any room to move around with a carry on suitcase. The bathroom was small as well. The hotel seems to be composed of 2-3 different buildings so that it was a rabbit warren where one can get lost. It smelled. The staff were mediocre at best. I had a problem with the safe. While someone came quickly, he could not resolve the problem. I did not consider it worthwhile to complain about the room as I was alone for 3 nigths. The price was acceptable but I guess you get what you pay for.	
Mar 4 2005 	3 stars? I DONT THINK SO!	I have traveled to NYC, all over Canada, Hong Kong and all over China, and this was the WORST hotel I have ever stayed in! I was traveling in London for a week for business, and requested a single room. I went to my room in the basement, with a small basement window looking out into a stairwell off the main street! The room was so small that I could barely fit my bag in the room. I immediately went and requested another room. Bad enough I am alone, but a small crappy window was the only thing keeping me safe from the stairwell on the main street!By the way, as you see in the pictures, it is a very large and long building, and on each end of the building there are areas where the building has actually been CONDEMNED!!! That is right, the ends of the building are falling literally to the ground!!Anyways I received an “upgrade” to a room on the 3rd floor. The room was still tiny, but at least not in the basement. Even though it was a smoke free room it stank of smoke. The first night, as I slept on the most uncomfortable and ancient mattress, I noticed a dripping sound in the bathroom. There was water leaking from the ceiling!!! I told staff about the problem in the morning, when I came back in the evening I noticed no one had done anything and my towels where soaked! I told them again, and came back to my room about an hour later, the problem was fixed, but the lovely repairman had left a lovely surprise in my toilet! That is right there was crap in my toilet!This place was disgusting! The noise was another issue. The hotel is equipped with the very cheap windows, so you can hear everything going on down on the street below. I had such a hard time sleeping.It was noisy, smelly, and just plain AWFUL! Do not stay here!There is a Holiday Inn and the Marriot right next door, please pay the extra $ and go there.	
Feb 26 2005	Not what you see online	I just discovered this site while searching for reviews of Italian hotels, and decided to write a review of the Park International. I must agree that the single room was tiny, and not what you expected after seeing the website. This hotel makes a big deal about it's Kensington address, which is convenient, but it does not live up to the upscale reputation the Kensington area has. The room was clean, and the public areas were decent as well. I also had the feeling, as others have mentioned, that they treated me a little less nicely because I had pre-paid through expedia. The front desk staff seemed to be mainly Russian or soemthing, and very very cold, as if a smile would have cracked their faces. All in all, it wasnt bad considering the location, if you won't spend a great deal of time in your room.	
Feb 8 2005	Great value	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 2 nights at the end of January and thought it was excellent value for money. We booked online and our 2 nights in a King Leisure room (#510) only cost 105 pounds. The room was not very exciting but was clean, comfortable and had good amenities, such as a safe and a mini-fridge. The location is excellent - a couple of minutes walk from Gloucester Road tube station, with plenty of shops etc in the area. The Natural History Museum is 5 minutes walk away and Harrods is just 15. One of the nightbuses passes right by the hotel - no. 96 or 97 I think - and we used it both nights to get back from the Leicester Square/Piccadilly Circus area for only 1.20 pounds each! I had breakfast one of the mornings and it was basic but fine and plentiful. One small thing was that whatever cleaning agent used in the rooms smells very strong but hey, a scented candle put paid to that! I've been in London 3 times and it was the best hotel so far so I would certainly stay again.	
Feb 2 2005 	Very good rate for a good room	Our room rate is affordable and yet the hotel is a nice one. We booked through their website and got a room for 40 BP ($80/night) for 6 nights which includes a continental buffet breakfast (cereal,toast, pastries, cheese, ham, sausage, canned fruits, hot chocolate, tea, coffee, juice, hot milk (for your coffee/tea), weekends they have salmon and scramble eggs; free newspapers in a pleasant breakfast room. If you don't book via their website you'll end up paying for this. The room we have was very clean, sunny and it was a good size with 2 twin bedsl the bath room was also clean and good size. The hotel is managed by an American, Dan Jensen. We find the location to be extremely good; you are not far from anything in the town and close to the Gloucester Road Tube Stop, which has 3 different lines (Blue Line which takes you to Heathrow airport, The Green Line and the Yellow Line--look at a tube map and you'll understand what I mean). One block up the street is a Waitrose grocery store which has a full range of food items, salads, pates, olives, antipastos, and if you are like us you'll enjoy buying a bottle of wine and having a meal in your room occasionally, our room had a small refrigerator. The British Postoffice is located near also and there is a CyberCafe across the street. if you have your own wireless computer with you, you can book a 'wireless' connection in your room by just turning on your computer and signing up for $48/7 days unlimited. There is also a drug store a block away fron the hotel. We arrived early and got to pay 10 pounds for early check in. They are in the hospitality industry and if you arrive one hour before the check in time and the room is ready they should give it to you but not here, maybe in other hotels, at least that is what I know since I worked in a hotel some time ago. Here you pay for everything. They need more concierge help; the guy isn't there much or at least not this week; and the front desk help don't know directions. Again they do not show hospitality here. It is a very bad thing not having someone to help you with directions and tips about the city you are visiting. the manager agree with us and told us he will have the concierge available. Bottom line: This is a real steal in London. I was with a local who didn't know of the hotel...he estimated the cheapest equivalent hotel in London would be 65BP or $130/night. If you want a quiet room, ask for something off of the street. We had room 408, and it wasquiet.	
Feb 1 2005	Small and noisy rooms	Stayed at the Park International on 29th Jan 2005. First impressions were very good. Reception was clean and staff were very polite. Was able to check in at an hour or so early without any charge. Thought to myself that we had got a great hotel. Then it started going down hill.After reading a few comments on this forum we decided on a superior King as they were larger and in better locations of the hotel. Judging by the size of the room i would hate to see what a standard king was like! The location was over looking the main crossroad junction and traffic lights. I will get on to that later.The first mistake a made was asking the hotel to book a taxi to the Albert Hall for me as it was raining. A very smart man in a very nice mercedes turned up to take us there and charged us ten pounds for the pleasure. We walked back and it was less than a mile! LESSON-BOOK YOUR OWN CABS NOT THE HOTELS!I have now established that the junction outside the hotel is very busy. Buses and cars are continualy going through there until about 3am tooting there horns etc.... Then they stop and start again at around 6.30 on a sunday morning. As does the underground which you can also hear. Not usually a problem if you have double glazed windows but this wasnt the case. The windows blocked out no sound at all. I finally resorted to trying to sleep with a pillow over my head to block out some of the traffic noise, even this didnt work. I would definately recommend getting a room without a street side view, or taking ear plugs!I wont even bother to mention the continental breakfast as there is nothing really to say about it.Overall the hotel isn't bad. its in a good location for exploring london and is reasonably priced. I would stay there again if need be, but knowing what i know now i would be slightly more choosy with the room locations and take some ear plugs.	
Jan 21 2005	Excellent value	based on what I read I was not expecting much but to my surprise I had an excellent room which was big, quiet and sunny. I paid just 44 pounds using the website and it was a great value with the breakfast included. . I have traveled to London on business and I usually stay in business class hotels, the Sheraton Park Tower, Sheraton Park Lane, and Sheraton Skyline. So I have experience with 4-5 star places and the prices about 150pounds/night. . I arrived on Jan 13 from Boston and got to the hotel around 8am. They wouldnt check me in unless I paid 10pounds for early check in. I had a feeeling that this would happen since it states on the website that they charge an early entrance fee. So I filled out the paper work(they took a photocopy of my passport and they made a credit card imprint) and then I went over to the Mariiott Kensington which is down the block where a friend of mine was staying. He paid around 120 pounds for his room and it was nice room but smaller then the room I would eventually get at the Park International. I went back to the Park International and checked in around 3pm. I asked for a quiet room (room in the back) and they gave it to me. It was on the 5th floor and I was very surprised to see the room. The room was very big (for London), bigger then the Mariott Kensigntons (but smaller then the Sheraton properties), it was clean,had a fridge and two beds (even tho i was traveling alone). The bathroom was clean and the room had a window that looked on a quiet street whcih got a great light in the morning. I had the breakfast the next day, very good, nothing fancy but had fruit,pastires,cereals and milk juices. Also provided free papers USA today and some local papers. My total bill was $98 for a night which included the VAT Tax. So the hotel is a great value and I was very surprised. The staff was very nice and nothing was wrong with the hotel. It is not as fancy as a business class hotel but I was here on pleasure and didn't feel like shelling out a lot of money.	
Jan 13 2005	The DARK International	Stayed here in December, 2004. What a nightmare. The room was so small, there was not even room for my suitcase. I am a small person and I had to walk sideways between the bed and the desk to get to the &quot;closet&quot;. The staff was rude and unpleasant. The trip was a surprise birthday present to me from my husband. Sadly, the Park International was the low point of the celebration!	
Jan 13 2005	Don't waste your money	This was THE WORST hotel that we have ever seen in our travels. My wife and I have been to Europe several times and typically stay at locally owned 3-star establishments so we didn't expect the Ritz. The room was tattered, the bed broken with a stained comforter, and the bathroom was gross. We asked for another room but they were full and wouldn't refund our deposit. Nevertheless, we opted to walk down the street to the Holiday Inn and pay for another room rather than staying in this dump.	
Jan 2 2005	Avoid Avoid this place!	My family and I stayed here on 12/30/2004 for 1 night. It was unpleasant to say the least. When we got to the lobby, no one helped us at all despite having 6 bags between the 4 of us (me, my wife and our 2 kids, 7 &amp; 8). We booked a quadruple room. There were 2 double beds stuffed into an extremely small room. This may be ok for very small kids, but my children are older. We were told that this was the biggest room that they had and there was nothing that we could do. I stayed at 2 other hotels in London and yes, room sizes are small, but the other 2 rooms were much bigger &amp; the service was much better. The room was so small, there was not enough room to put our bags or even walk to the bathroom without someone having to sit on a bed. The bathroom was the size of an airplane's. In the morning, my wife had gotten violently sick and the hotel staff was indifferent. I didn't have any more pounds, and my wife needed a coke so they told me to walk 2 blocks to the money exchange because they could not get me one. I called down and told them that we may have to stay another night because she was very sick and would not come out of the bathroom, they said that was impossible, we had to leave immediately. When we left (still no help), they charged me 20 pounds on my credit card because we had stayed 45 minutes past check-out (11am- I thought it was 12noon). There are more bad things about this hotel, but this review is already long. I will never stay here or recommend anyone to stay here, there are far better places to stay (read my review of the Ibis), STAY AWAY FROM HERE!	
Dec 29 2004	Lovely Hotel	We've returned from spending 5 wonderful nights at this hotel. Sure, the room was small compared to US standards, but it was adequate. We had room at the entrance to store our luggage, then plenty of room to walk around the bed. The bathroom was very small. The breakfast was wonderful. They supplied assorted croissants and muffins, several cereals, toast, fruit, cheese, meat, tea and coffee. You do have to reserve on their site for it to be included, which is what we did. The staff was wonderful. We were greeted with friendly hellos everytime we entered the front door. The location was great. We were a short walk from the tube. We even managed a 30 minute walk to Picadilly Circus on Christmas Day.This was my second stay in London. LAst New Years, I stayed at the Holiday Inn-Docklands Excel. It was bigger and modern, but I'd pick this hotel over the Holiday Inn anyday.	
Dec 15 2004 	Great hotel great price	Stayed at the hotel in early December. Just came to London after travelling around Europe. After past experiences of London hotels, expected the worst. But had a great surprise when the room given on the 4th floor was spacious and well kept. Staff were efficient and polite and the breakfast was good. Excellent location too, especially with a direct tube line to Heathrow airport and all major London attractions. For the price, you really couldn't ask for more. Highly recommended.	
Dec 3 2004	It's a perfectly adequate place if you're on a budget	I would stay at this hotel again. The price was right (by London standards, anyway), the location is great, the staff helpful and the rooms adequate. No frills here. But I've stayed in many London hotels and this one is no worse than any of them. It was annoying, though, being charged a pound a bag for storage after I checked out, the phone charges from the rooms are ridiculous as were the prices they charged for newspapers outside the restaurant where breakfast is served. They also wanted ten pounds per hour if you checked in before &quot;check in&quot; time. Most hotels will simply allow you to check in early if the room has already been cleaned and is available. That kind of &quot;nickle and diming&quot; doesn't create much goodwill.	
Nov 29 2004	Don't even think about staying here.....	Not only is this hotel depressing in its lack of upkeep, it is the most &quot;nickel and dime-ing&quot; place I have ever stayed. Extra charges exist for everything and there is no flexibility whatsoever even when the charges are precipitated by hotel problems. With all the hotel choices in London there's no reason to stay at a place so dogmatic it cares more about its policies than its guests. In addition, the room was just plain depressing: holes in the blankets, a ripped mattress, ripped wallpaper, and small.	
Nov 20 2004	Shoebox Sized Rooms Closets..What Closets? Nice Front Desk People.	Old London Townhomes that were strung together to create a &quot;hotel&quot;. First let me say that I know room sizes are smaller than US, but this was over the top. We stayed in what was advertised as a triple. It had three beds and that was the only thing that remotely resembled anything &quot;triple&quot;. Beds were old and you could feel springs through the mattress. On our last day, Rude pushy maids entered the room early, checkout was 11:00 am, they were barging into room at 9:00 AM. And they wouldn't take a hint.The closet was tiny, barely enough space for one persons clothing, let alone three.The bathroom was tiny. Clearly the owner of the place renovated and remodeled with the intent of getting or should I say.. Wringing every buck out of the building. You basically are put in to a room that is a single, with three beds. If the room had 300 sq. ft., that was a lot. We booked this place via internet, and all I can say is: check the space before you commit. Overpriced. That said, the front desk staff, and concierge were pleasant, professional, and accomodatiing. In no way should the negatives reflect on these good people. English breakfast was good. Regarding coffee, there's a Starbucks about two blocks away across from the Gloucester Street Tube Entrance, and another one(closer) in the Sainsbury's Grocery Store up the street.	
Nov 2 2004	Park International Hotel--Worth the cost	The Park International Hotel, London, is on Crowell Rd. in the Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. It is a decent 3-star, no more, no less; however, it's location and the people who work the front desk, coupled with the low cost make it true value for money.It's only 1.5 blocks from the Gloucester Rd. tube stop through which 3 lines run, and about 3 blocks from the V&amp;A, Natural History, and Science Museums. A few blocks in another direction brings you to Kensington High Street and Kensington Park and Palace. Within 2 blocks are numerous restaurants, 2 large and 1 small supermarket, 2 internet cafes, a post office, a laundromat, and more than one ATM machine. Rooms are neat and clean, though nothing special. But add all this to the helpful, friendly front desk personnel and the concierge and you've got a recipe for success. I'll definitely return my next trip to London	
Oct 10 2004	Had a great experience (with teen kids) would do it gain	We (two parents, two kids ages 14 &amp; 11) stayed at this hotel in late July for two nights. We found the hotel through the tourist help desk at Stansted airport. It was relatively painless to get there from Stansted, and it was wonderfully easy getting to Heathrow on our way back.Our first impact was positive as the person helping us took the time to show us several rooms, so we got to pick one on the fourth floor. We had to get a rollaway for our 11-yr-old, and yes, it did get a bit tight, but after all this is London so what do you expect for an amazingly low price? The rooms were clean, the staff was extremely helpful and friendly. The breakfast wasn't exceptional but was included in the price and again we are talking London here. We had Thai across the street one night and loved it. Aside from the Gloucester St. station nearby, you can walk in 10min or so to all the museums, Kensington Garden and also to South Kensington.I have stayed at other places in London (and all over Europe and the US) and this was definitely one of the best experiences I had for the money. I will definitely go back there if I am in London again. I guess based on some other reviews I'll ask not to be put in the basement...	
Oct 10 2004	Nice enough but AWESOME location	My family and I stayed there in August of '04. I booked it through Expedia, and didn't get the kind of room I would have liked. (It was kind of a lower level room) We were told that with Expedia, what you get is what you get. The hotel was full, and couldn't move us. The staff were very nice. The room was very clean, (and quiet) as was the rest of the hotel. The best part was the location! S. Kensington is a great &quot;residential&quot; neighborhood, obviously on the upscale side. The Gloucster Road tube station was 1 1/2 blocks away, and we were walking distance to Kensington Palace. All in all, it was nice. Maybe calling the great staff to book a room would have been a better idea, though!	
Oct 2 2004	Excellent Value/Price ratio	Stayed here Sept 29th - Oct 1stIf you are traveling as a short-time tourist, alone (meaning that you dont have to impress anyone) and with budget in mind this MUST be your choice. Clean rooms (have a single in level 5) for approx 40-45 pounds top per night. You'll save a lot using the tube (LHR is 7 or 8 stations away and no transfer between lines is required).Walking distance is Harrods, Hyde Park, Chelsea and using the tub (Gloucester Road), any place in London.Ask for a non-basement room and book using their website to receive breakfast	
Oct 1 2004	Actually a 2-star hotel by American Standards	Room was tiny, especially for a triple (2 double beds). Everything was crammed into every available space - mini fridge was so close to the desk chair that you would accidently open the fridge even time you pulled out the chair. No one could pass when someone was seated at the chair. Bathroom was even smaller and not well ventilated with a smell of stink feet. Low water pressure, even though we were on the second floor. Nastiest thing was mildew on the bathroom ceiling. Hostess at the breakfast buffet was rude and acted like she didn't speak English.	
Sep 27 2004	Excellent Place To Stay	This hotel was a wonderful place to stay. The location was the best, especially with the option of taking the tube straight from Heathrow---saved a lot of money on hotel/airport transfers. The King Leisure room was large (for British standards), the bed very comfortable, and the airconditionning was much appreciated as we were there during a heatwave in early September. The best price can definitely be found on the hotel website itself --which also if booked on their site guaranteed us breakfast--which was quite good. The location was fantastic for touring all of London. The Gloucester Road Tube station is on 3 different lines so it couldn't be easier. It is also very easy to get around from this hotel on the bus. The area of Kensington was lovely to walk around in the evenings--a lovely short walk to Kensington High Street and the Palace.	
Sep 18 2004	great location and good room immentities	My friend and I spent 9 days at this hotel in July 2004 and were very pleased with what we got. If I had a complaint, it was that the staff weren't the most knowledgable about the surrounding areas and also, we had a problem as we booked it through Travelocity and were told that breakfast was included but was then told by the hotel that no, it wasn't and no one offered to call Travelocity to try and fix the matter. But that aside, the hotel is in an EXCELLENT location! There are restaurants, pharmacy and grocery store all around and it's only a couple of blocks from the tube station. Plus, this is a great tube station! I've been to London 3 times total now and this is one of the best because not only does it have a lift (which comes in great handy if you have lots of luggage as we did) but it's got three lines coming into it so you don't have to transfer as much PLUS it's on the line that goes directly to Heathrow so it saves you money on airport to hotel transfers. As for the rooms, they were average sized for London but what was wonderful is that they all have central air conditioning which we needed as my friend is asthmatic and despite popular belief, London can get VERY humid in the summer. We also loved the fact that every room has a refrigerator which really came in handy. I would very much recommend this hotel to anyone and as I am expecting to return to London at least 2 more times, it will definately be on booking list!	
Sep 12 2004	Good location rest is CRAP!	The location is nice, with easy access to subway and dining, and the room had AC. However....when I booked via Expedia it did NOT mention that breakfast was not included in price, and that the room (single) was in the BASEMENT! Granted, there was a small window, but the room was so small, that there was no room to but my travel bag! Had to stow it in the bathroom if I wanted to move around, get dressed etc. The bed was utter crap, and I had red marks om my back from the springs when I woke up in the morning. (!) Ah, and yes, the room vibrated everytime the nearby subway passed underneath.The bathroom had no towels when I arrived, took 2 hrs to get some, and the advertised safe in the room was broken.Make sure to hang the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door when you go too slep, because a cleaner locked herself in at 06:30 one morning!!!!!!Go somewhere else, at least if you want a one bed room, you risk ending up in the &quot;toomb&quot; I slept in!	
Aug 31 2004	Very comfortable Superb location	We stayed at the Park International for 4 nights in July of 2003 and found it to be an exceptional value for the money. We arrived several hours before check-in time, but the staff accomodated us after a brief wait. The room was very comfortable and clean with great extras, even a fridge! With a Sainsbury's up the road and tonnes of quality restaurants nearby, there were plenty of meal options. The late-night internet cafe across the road was reasonably priced and so convenient! Close to shopping, tube stations, museums and much more!	
Aug 20 2004	Park International London	My wife and I visited London in early May ('04) and stayed at the Park International. It was a very nice small hotel in a great part of town. Close to the tube (3 blocks). and not far (8-10 blocks) to many museums. The staff was very helpful and friendly even though the hotel was very busy when we arrived. There were several nice pubs and restaurants near the tube so find a place to eat was not difficult. We booked a ride to Gatwick through the hotel thinking we would be riding a bus all the way to the airport. We found out that the bus only took us to Victoria station where we were given train tickets. We were met at the airport but, it would have not been much harder to have done it all ourselves and saved a few pounds.	
Aug 18 2004	Find something else	Stayed at the Park Int'l in early August, 2004. Location is great so if thats all you care about, this place is ok. We did not get the room setup we were promised and the clerk was indifferent and uncaring, so we needed a rollaway bed that was horrible. The double bed was uncomfortable. The room was so noisy from the street noise that we may as well have moved the beds onto the sidewalk. The hotel was clean and nice but who cares if you cant get a decent nights sleep. Skip the continental breakfast, its all cardboard. While we were checking out, another couple was checking in and fighting with the clerks because they couldnt get the room setup they were promised, so their kids couldnt be next to the parents room - again the clerk could care less. Dont expect any help with travel or sightseeing plans because they act like you are bothering them. Location is great but thats it for this place.	
Aug 13 2004	Great Value 	I stayed in room 211. This was a quad room facing the street. The room was clean and the staff was very friendly. The staff was always willing to help.The location is very good. It is just a few blocks down from the Gloucester Road station. (This is in zone 1 not 2 as mentioned in another posting.) The neighborhood is quiet and safe.We are starting to plan our next years trip and we will be staying here again.	
Aug 12 2004	Hotel website beat Expedia	We stayed at the Park the first two weekends in July (3-5, and 8-11). Although the rooms were not exciting, they were clean and surprisingly quiet. The location so close to Gloucester tube was the biggest plus. It was easy to take the tube right from Heathrow. One weekend had been booked through Expedia and we did not have breakfast, very overpriced if you buy it anyway. The room was acceptable though cramped, and the AC did drip noticeably. The second weekend was booked through the hotel website . Because we were repeat customers when we returned to London we were upgraded to a larger room and bath. Cost through the hotel was less than Expedia. All things considered we would stay at the Park again. We want location, safety, and we got that.	
Aug 12 2004	I didn't like it here. Find another place	I didn't like this place. My room was in the basement. Getting to the room was a challenge. The halls are very small and narrow. The room itself was ok, but could be cleaner. It's 3 blocks away from the Tube station, which is in Zone 2. The staff wasn't very friendly. They were having some computer problems when I got there. I had to wait for them to take care of their problems. I didn't mind that. The staff just looked stressed out. I won't stay here again.	
Aug 11 2004	It's not THAT bad!	I stayed at Park International in July for 2 nights, on a business trip. I stayed at a &quot;single&quot; room and it was tiny. It was quite amazing how they could fit a bed, minifridge, desk, chair, and a TV in such a small space! On the upside, the hotel and the room was very clean, the staff very friendly, and the breakfast quite fulfilling. It is also in a very nice and scenic neighborhood, Kensington. If you are staying for 1-2 nights, and just need a place to stay, it is okay. However, I don't know how they got the 3-star hotel rating. It is basically the equivalent of an American Econolodge, or Motel 6, and there's nothing wrong with that. But calling it a 3-star hotel may raise bookers' expectations too much.	
Aug 9 2004	Convenient location	We stayed here July 4-8, 2004. Having stayed in several tiny rooms (booked as triples) in several cities, we were pleasantly surprised to find a relatively spacious, clean room. Not as finely furnished as the Hilton Olympia, but much larger and half the price. Great access to the tube system, groceries and restaurants. Book through the hotel website - we got a good price, breakfast included and no hassels at checkin.	
Aug 5 2004	Location location location - and decent hotel too	My husband and I stayed here for four nights and thought it was quite nice. The location is fantastic, right next to a tube station and within easy walking distance of the Natural History Museum, Victoria and Albert, Hyde Park, Kensington Park, Harrods, two groceries, and a lot of good restaurants and pubs. The hotel certainly isn't an attraction in and of itself, but the staff are competent and leave you pretty much alone. Our room was fairly small but had a fridge and a large TV and a big bathroom with a great shower (lots of hot water). No complimentary breakfast for us (we booked through Travelocity), but with a hotpot in the room and a grocery 2 blocks away we had no trouble getting good cheap breakfasts. Our room faced an alley and was very quiet. We would definitely stay there again, especially if we could get another great deal on the price.	
Jul 18 2004	Very nice	My husband and I really enjoyed this hotel. We came to it after being in a 3-star hotel in Paris. The room was much larger than the one in Paris and just seemed nicer. The room itself and bathroom were kept very clean. The AC was great and it had a big TV that got great reception and alot of channels.The location is great. It is a block from the Gloucester Rd. station which hooks up with 3 different Underground lines so it made it very easy for us to travel all over London. There were also many different restaurants around the hotel including a grocery store. We booked through Expedia so did not receive the free breakfast. At the metro stop there is a little mall and you can get breakfast there for cheaper by going to the little coffee shop (which we did) or Garfunkel's. You could also just pick something up in the grocery store.We did have trouble with the 3-prong outlet after purchasing a european converter. Since this was our first time to London, I don't know if this is common or not. We had to go across the street and buy another little plug changer from the travel store for 5 pounds. I had gone to the desk and asked if they had one.If someone from the hotel reads this, buy some converters and let people use them. Also, try to soundproof the rooms a little better both from the outside and from other rooms.I would return to this hotel if visiting London again. The location is fabulous and we really enjoyed our stay.	
Jul 17 2004	Small but great location	Our stay from 08 July-15 July 2004, Our room was very small but we learned to move around it. No dressers for clothes storage so we left our things in our luggage and the refridgerator was in the closet. It did not have a freezer compartment. The room was very clean. The bathroom was sparkling. Each day our room was cleaned and it looked great when we returned at the end of the day. The outside noise was minimal. We stayed on the first floor. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They were always eager and willing to answer our questions and point us in the right direction for our days adventure. The hotel was very clean and each morning a person was even cleaning the front steps. Yes, it is older but the portions of the hotel we saw were nice. The location of this hotel was fantastic. Only 2 blocks from the tube, a bus stop across the street and 2 grocery stores with in a 2 minute walk. Everything you need is within reach.We enjoyed ourselves and did book our trip thru Expedia. The only downside is that the complimentary breakfast is only included if you book your room directly with them. Oh well!!We plan to return next year and plan on staying here again.	
Jul 16 2004	never again unless homeless!	Stayed in two rooms. The first one was a double room so I could move around but was at the basement. No sunlight. The second one was on the second floor and was a single room. The room was so tiny that I had to store my one piece of luggage in the closet. Otherwise I wasn't able to reach the door without jumping over it! No exagurations! Staff helpful but a bit &quot;over&quot; friendly! The kettles in both rooms were rusty so I didn't have the stomach for any tea/coffee. Breakfast was decent though! Never ask them to call a cab; it's double the regular price. Find your own on the street.	
Jul 15 2004	Beware!!!!!!!!!!!	Beware!!!!! Small.. no... shoebox sized rooms, do not book thru Expedia or you will get hosed. Many of the staff unfriendly, not a three star hotel.... maybe 2. They promise things and do not follow through. Only decent rooms are on the 5th and 6th floors. Also, no standard adaptors only three prongs work. Decent location. If you are over 5' 10&quot; you will be uncomforatble and will have trouble with the shower. Try Ryders down the street.	
Jul 6 2004	Unfriendly 	This place was hor-riblay! We stayed there from July 2- July 5. Where to begin? First, we got to the hotel a little after noon and were told we could not check in until 2pm. Fair enough. Did all the paper work first, so that when we did come back to go into the room, we would have all that behind us. When we returned to the hotel, a very unfriendly blondish woman at the front desk (not English) could not find our paperwork anywhere and kept us waiting for 5 minutes without apologizing.When we got to the room we were very disappointed. The tub was disgusting and there were broken tiles. The linoleum on the bathroom floor was also warped. Plus, the shower did not have any cold water. We had to take uncomfortably hot showers all 3 nights we were there. The only good thing about the room was the A/C and the big TV (with snowy reception by the way). We asked them for an extra blanket and after over an hour of waiting, we called the front desk again and finally got it. The same thing happened to a friend of mine who stayed there when he asked for an iron. They made him wait 1.5 hours for it. His room was very tiny as well and the A/C dripped non-stop. They also would not let him check-in 15 minutes early and when we asked them to hold our bags for us after we checked out so we could eat breakfast, they charged us 1 pound a bag. Never in my life have I had to pay a hotel to stow my bags! We would not go back to this hotel again. Believe me, we have stayed in 5 star as well as 3 star hotels and this place is not worth staying in, even if you do get a somewhat reasonable price. Not only were the rooms below a 3 star level, the staff is incompetent and unfriendly. 3 thumbs down!!!!	
Jun 27 2004	Customer is always wrong at Park International	I stayed with three other friends at this hotel from May 31st to June 2nd, 2004. The staff was terrible. No smiles or greetings bode ominous portent for what was to come. Despite our pleas, they could not check us in early (around 9 AM). They did stow our luggage for us. We were told to check in only after prescribed check-in time(2 PM). We had two rooms reserved through Expedia.com. Apparently, if you book through Expedia, you get the worst treatment. The guy at front desk admitted that he could not give us any preferences since we booked through Expedia.com.  We had request two rooms, one with a queen size bed and another with two single beds. Well too bad, since they had no desire to accomodate us. Also, we had requested the rooms be close to each other. Too bad again ! Both rooms cost the same, however, one room was twice the size of the other. Very puzzling. What we were told is that the smaller room was the &quot;Standard Double&quot;. Wow. Very tiny for two people. While on vacation, who wants fussing right? The space wasn't the issue, the attitude definitely was ! Very unfriendly staff with a &quot;I don't care &quot; attitude. All because we booked through Expedia ?I would not recommed this hotel at all. If you want a cheap hotel, go for Hotel Regent Palace, which not only has a friendlier staff but also a magnificent location.	
Jun 12 2004	Great Location Very Good Room	We stayed here for a week from June 3-10, 2004, and I chose this hotel based on reviews on this website. We had a very nice room -- kingsize bed, 5th floor on the backside so it was very quiet. The room was extremely clean and I asked for a non-smoking room and got it. I booked directly with the hotel so breakfast was included in the rate and I'd recommend doing that. And take your e-mail confimation regarding rate, etc., with you just in case. The location is great -- just 2 blocks from the Gloucester tube stop and there are restaurants, pubs etc. in the surrounding blocks. The front desk staff was very nice. We would stay here again. (However, I would be hesitant to use &quot;Hotel Link&quot; to get to the airports in time! We ran so late that we had to leave a day later.)	
May 22 2004	I Shall Return	My stay at the Park International was for five nights during May and June of 2002. The staff washelpful and friendly. I observed them dealing politely with some &quot;ugly Americans&quot; making unreasonable demands and was impressed with how they handled the situation. The room was small, but clean, quiet and safe which is exactly what I need when traveling alone. There were extra amenities adding an extra touch to my stay. Breakfast was a variety of good food, buffet style and not on paper plates. The neighborhood was interesting and safe. Gloucester Road tube station was only a short walk away. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 17 2004	A Word of Caution...	We just returned from a five night stay at the Park International. The hotel is comparable to an older Hampton Inn. We booked a Deluxe King Room through Orbitz, which was advertised as &quot;recently remodeled.&quot; The room we were given was on the first floor facing Cromwell Road. It was extremely noisy, very cramped and more than a little worn around the edges. We went back to the front desk to confirm that we were given a &quot;Deluxe&quot; room. They assured us it was, but we asked for something less noisy. We were moved to Room 310 which was much nicer, but could not have been remodeled anytime within the last five years. A word of caution if you've booked a pre-paid reservation, make sure you bring your confirmation with you. The front desk staff insisted that our reservation was not pre-paid because Orbitz booked through the hotel's website. We had the same conversation with the same staff member when we checked in and again when we checked out. In both instances, a manager was standing within earshot of the conversation, but did not get involved until I asked to speak with a manager. Both times, the manager took one look at the paperwork and conceded that the reservation was indeed pre-paid. The fact that I had to prove my reservation was pre-paid twice during the course of one stay is a little shady. I would not stay here again for that reason.	
May 14 2004	Nice hotel great location	We stayed there April 3rd -8th and then again April 11th - 14th. The very first night we arrived, we were put into a small, cramped room that looked like it was in the basement. We could barely get our luggage in there. Although it was quiet, as we asked for, it was very dark. We asked to be moved, and we decided to upgrade. The person at the front desk assured us that the basement room was the better room, but I wasn't convinced. The lady at the desk then stepped in and gave us room 310. It had one of the nicest, softest hotel beds I've ever stayed in. The bed was right next to the door so we heard a lot of noise, but we were away from the street, so no traffic noise which was nice. The last part of our trip was April 11th - 14th. Room 310 was booked so we got Room 410. This room was quiet a bit of space for London standards. All room had a refrigerator. Room 410 had a bed as hard a rock, but it was away from the door, so it was very quiet. Off the street as well. I did have to put my blankets underneath me because the bed was so hard, but that's the only compliant that I had. The location of the hotel couldn't be better. It's across the street from Sainsbury's grocery, a laundromat, as well as a cyber cafe. It's also 3 blocks from the Glouchester Square stop. Perfect for trips to downtown twice a day. A couple of nice and inexpensive restaurants nearby as well. I would stay there again. Everything was very clean!	
Apr 23 2004	Personality plus at Park International	What a wonderful hotel. We stayed there for our 10th wedding anniversary because of the price and were very impressed. The hotel had such a nice personality. The decor and atmosphere of the hotel gave us a true London welcome and the staff was so receptive and friendly. We enjoyed the great location to shops and activities a lot. But most of all we could not believe the price. We were not expecting anything real special since we had booked at one of the less expensive hotels but we knew once we checked in we had a real bargain. Thank you so much to the management and staff for making our stay so memorable and enjoyable. We will definitely stay there again.	
Apr 22 2004	Lovely hotel with superb location	I will highly recommend the Park International Hotel to anyone. From the minute I walked into the lobby I knew this was a great choice. The interior design is beautiful and the staff are professional and accomodating. My room was spotless and very comfortable. We had breakfast each morning at the hotel. Why not? It was delicious and convenient. If you are looking for a hotel that is centrally located, very clean and has a lovely atmosphere - then search no more. The Park Hotel deserves an excellent rating.	
Apr 22 2004	Recommended-Consistently Good	I've stayed at the Park International Hotel at least ten times over the past four years and am always pleased with both the rooms and the service. Staff always go out of their way to be friendly and helpful. Breakfast is consistently good; rooms are clean and well appointed. Together with those important things, the great location in South Kensington next to the Gloucester Rd. tube and the reasonable prices mean I'll keep staying, and also highly recommend it to everyone going to London.	
Apr 21 2004	Great value and service	Unbelievable location with service to match. We originally only planned to stay for 3 nights but enjoyed the hotel and amenities so much that after speaking to management we agreed to stay the remaining two nights of our holiday with the Park International hotel. The convenience to the tube station and local shopping fare make it great but the value for the quality make it outstanding. We will definitely stay again on our return trip to London this fall. Don't change a thing. Thank you.	
Apr 18 2004	Rat in the Room	The room was cramped, but clean. I can't believe that we stayed at the same hotel as the other reviews. Any request we had was always met with an astonished, &quot;No one has ever asked that before.&quot; Toilet paper?One evening I was having problems with the internet connection and couldn't get back to the main page with the help number. I called down to the front desk to see if they had it. I was met with extreme defensiveness. &quot;No one has ever complained about the internet before.&quot; me - &quot;I just want the telephone number on the start-up screen.&quot; them - &quot; Just do it again.&quot; me - &quot; I can't. That's why I want the telephone number.&quot; them- &quot;No one has ever had this problem.&quot; ...  Oh well. The next request was for an adapter. No luck. We asked about a bus trip and a sightseeing question - no idea. Finally we nicknamed the front desk - The No Service Group and gave up.Until.... the rat in the room. I screamed as the rat ran about for a while. I called the front desk. Surprise - &quot;No one has ever had a rat in their room.&quot; Finally the rat ran out under the door. When the front desk person finally arrived 25 minutes later, he said that if the rate came back that my husband could take care of it. Thank god it was the last night. I didn't sleep and couldn't wait to leave.That's not all. They overcharged us on telephone calls. The room had one rate, but the desk clerk help up another sheet of paper. He said &quot; See right here.&quot; We gave up.DON&quot;T STAY HERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO STUDY THE RATS.	
Apr 14 2004	Great location wonderful staff fantastic choice!!!	I stayed here for four nights from April 3rd to the 7th before traveling to Paris. Park International Hotel is in a safe and wonderful location, easily accessible to just about anywherein London via the Tube (Glousester Rd.Station). Our room was pretty big relatively speaking and immaculate! The staff are fantastic...on the first evening I thought there was something wrong with the TV remote (turns out I just didn't know how to use a Britain remote!) and one of the staff was up in my room almost immediately to fix it. The staff is also very knowledgeable about directions to popular areas and landmarks in London. Breakfast was more than adequate and a great way to start the day for a tourist. I would definitely stay here again!!!	
Apr 14 2004	A wonderful staff!	This was the first time I had been to London. This hotel came with the package. Although it has no restaurant, there are two across the street. The rooms were clean and comfortable.The staff was fantastic, more then making up for the fact there was not a restaurant right there.I actually missed them when I left. I would definately reccommend this hotel to a friend.	
Apr 9 2004	Park International Was Great	Based on the good reviews we had read on this site my wife and I booked into the Park International for nine nights from March 30 until April 8. We were not the least disappointed. Getting to the hotel from Heathrow was a snap using the Picadilly tube line and getting off at Gloucester Road. Its excellent location made it easy to tour London by public transportation. The staff was super, the breakfast more than adequate and our room was clean and comfortable. I would stay again and have no qualms in recommending the Park International.	
Mar 27 2004	Loved It!	I am just back from a vacation to London with my Mom. We were so nervous about booking sight unseen. No worries here! The hotel is excellent. The staff was pleasant. The hotel is clean. My mom is a diabetic and the breakfast met her standards (dry cereal, dried fruits, pastries, deli meat, cheese, breads, canned (tin) fruit and juices. If you are looking for a customized omelet then stay at the hotel and walk down to the street to one of the many eateries.The neighborhood is excellent. You are on 3 lines and only 2 blocks from the tube station. I will be staying here again. It met all of my needs.	
Mar 24 2004	Highly Recommended	I just returned from a week in London and was very happy with my stay at the Park International. The hotel is in a great location - 2 minute walk from the tube! I had a single leisure room. It was small but very clean and comfortable...plenty of room for me. I had no problem with the shower - hot water and plenty of pressure. The breakfast was good and not served on paper plates as one other reviewer claimed. The hotel staff was helpful in many ways...directions, calling a cab to return to the airport, etc. London is an expensive city to stay in and the Park Int'l is a moderatly priced hotel that is well worth it. I highly recommend staying at this hotel. When I return to London I will be staying again. Hope this helps!	
Mar 22 2004	Super Location	We took advantage of super low roundtrip fares on British Airways and spent a week in London from the 4th to the 12th of March. This place is in a wonderful neighborhood, on the bus line, super close to the tube station, post office, internet cafe, restaurants, a large grocery store and small drug store. The rooms are small but clean and the beds were comfortable. Yes, the shower was hot and plenty of pressure (no flow restrictors in this place!). Breakfast was simple but filling and the front desk staff were very helpful. Our refrigerator didn't work when we first checked in and literally minutes after we called down to report it the maintenance man was at our door with another mini-fridge. I don't think you could find a better value in that wonderful neighborhood. There was a towering Holiday in one block away, but the prices were much, much higher. I would recommend this hotel and I would stay there again.	
Feb 21 2004	Honeymooned in London and stayed here! Happy!	If you are looking for a place to kick back, relax, and get waited on, this is not it. This hotel is perfect for travelers who need a nice, clean place to sleep and shower while spending most of their time out of the hotel. Upscale neighborhood. Courteous staff. Fresh continental breakfast...yes, served on paper plates (as mentioned in one of the other reviews here). If that is a big problem then there are plenty of hotels that will charge you double and serve you on nice flatware or china. Walls are thin, but the same is true for many Euro hotels. Internet caf? across the street. Gloucester Road tube only 2 blocks away and gets you everywhere. Again...not a hotel for the traveler who needs to be babied, but totally adequate and recommended.	
Feb 20 2004	Tremendous reservations...	The only thing that saves the Park Int'l from decrepitude is whomever cares enough to keep the place running. This person clearly does not work behind the front desk. I found one helpful individual there during my 3-day stay over Valentine's weekend. The rest ranged from uninterested to downright unpleasant. Fyrthermore, it appeared that some renovations had taken place. However, these were not finished in my room. They simply pushed the bed in front of the wall to hide dangling electrical wires and unpainted drywall. Luckily, the housekeeping staff is on the ball. The place was clean enough. Breakfast is not worth whatever they charge. Go to one of the local cafes...at least the neighborhood is fantastic.I would not stay here again, especially since there are so many better hotels in the area, esp. for the price.	
Feb 6 2004	A great value hotel - excellent location	The Park Hotel is good value for money. It has a fantastic location (2 minutes from Gloucester Road tube). The rooms weren't huge but were very clean. The bed was comfortable, the shower fabulously powerful and there was plenty of wardrobe/luggage space. The only mildly negative points were that the staff were a bit disinterested and the breakfast (if you have to pay) is on the steep side. But I would definitely go back again.	
Feb 4 2004	The most for your money!	The Park International has a website, and is located minutes from central LONDON in Kensington, on Cromwell, a upper class feeling safe neighborhood. Don't use the hotel internet too much, right across the street is an Internet cafe' 30&quot; for $1 GBP...less if you are a student.The hotel is one block from the tube and minutes away from anywhere you want to go! The Tube is the best transportation I have experienced, better than Paris Metro and NY Subway, faster and easier to use, cameras all over, felt safe. Get pass to cover all of the days you will be there...cheaper this way, get it for all zones.The rooms are rather small. Most refurbished. Breakfast included and very nice. The staff especially, Shawnhen, David and Sasha are very helpful. BOOK ON LINE FOR REDUCED RATES!Store luggage here, while you travel to other countries. Amazingly you won't need much to wear..go to Rick Steve's site to see what to packe. Have Fun!Sherry	
Jan 31 2004	large room 70's atmosphere	i stayed there last week for a night. the check-in wasn't a pleasant experience, with the gentlemen behind the front being very rude. he treated me as if i was maybe some hole in the wall, which made me want to cancel my reservation all together. the room was spacious, at least in london terms, but it seemed very old, and the floor creaked. the bath seems to have been rennovated, but the sink had cracks all over the place, which made me want to use it without turning on the lights. all in all, it had a very 70's like atmosphere. the room that i stayed in did not face cromwell road, which made it very quiet. given the price of the room and the location of the hotel, i guess it's worth the money. the room can very much use a makeover.	
Jan 29 2004	Park International -- Excellent Location	The location is excellent -- just a few blocks from the tube station and in a very safe part of town. I'd stay here again for the location alone. The single rooms are tiny, but very clean and well kept. I upgraded to a double and thought it was well worth the extra money. The bed was far more comfortable and there was actually room to open my suitcase and still have a place to stand. The staff is quite helpful. The main detraction: super thin walls. Was awoken by sneezes, snores and more. Not for light sleepers. I would stay here again -- with earplugs, just in case.	
Jan 26 2004	Not good.	Okay, I'm not entirely sure where all these other nice reviews are coming from, and maybe I haven't seen what other hotels in London are like, but I have to believe its gets better than this. MUCH better. The reception area was decent, and it did have internet access, but the room itself was substandard. The room was small (even by European standards) and the bed was perhaps the worst I have ever slept in. I was in one of the standard rooms, so maybe the other ones are better..who knows. I did only pay around $100 USD a night, which at least makes it somewhat palatable I guess. Location was ok (its South Kensington, about 300 yards or so to the nearest tube). My recommendation is to find something else.	
Jan 14 2004	Nice Hotel Helpful Staff	Very much enjoyed my stay at the Park International. The building itself is fairly old, but the rooms and facilities are very well done and modern. Compared to other hotels that I have stayed throughout Europe the rooms were very spacious.The staff was also very helpful, especially the reservation staff. They went out of their way to help correct a mistake that was made in my original booking.Would definately stay there again.	
Dec 11 2003	Not bad for the price	I stayed at this hotel Dec 2 - 10, 2003 while on vacation. The check in went well and I was upgraded to a king room at no charge by request. The room was small but workable (I hate to think what the size of the regular room was!)Pluses: value--$100/night all taxes included without breakfast (apparently travelocity &amp; expedia do not include breakfast in price)---if you searched the 'net or talked to people who have been to London you know hotels can be much more expensive; location as mentioned by previous reviewers is very convenient &amp; two blocks from the Underground (London subway) Gloucester Road Station (on Picadilly Line which comes directly from Heathrow Airport--40 min ride; also the District &amp; Circle Lines are served) and bus Rte 74 stops 1/2 block from the hotel for service to Harrods (day or 7 day travel cards for unlimited subway &amp; bus travel can be purchased at most station and at Heathrow; there are several inespensive restaurants providing good food for breakfast,lunch &amp; dinner near the corner of Cromwell (hotel is on Cromwell) and Gloucester Road, also a 24-hour grocery is on Gloucester Road just south of Cromwell on the east side of street and another grocery store nearby on Cromwell called Waitrose); there is an internet cafe open long hours across from the hotel--20 minutes for 1 pound or 2 pounds for 60 minutes--the hotel has one computer for 1 pound for 10 minutes but it is in the lobby and is not very private and the keyboard doesn't work well;--generally the Kensington/South Kensington neighborhood is a very good one, safe and no problems walking at any hour of the day or night; the rooms while small are well taken care of, everything that you need; the hotel has two elevators....Minuses: Many of the front desk staff are not very helpful when asking questions about London, restaurant recommendations etc--especially the night staff. There is some arrogance or indifference displayed by two of the desk staff but the others are quite nice when they are not too busy; some of the rooms have little to no views---I highly recommend that you ask for a room on floors 2-4 with a north exposure overlooking Cromwell St--those rooms have enormous windows--other rooms have hardly any window and no views; as mentioned by another reviewer, I also had problems with hot water on one day---but it was reported to the front desk staff and fixed; also, the power went out one evening in the entire hotel for 3.5 hrs and the front desk staff as poorly trained in dealing with the emergency--so most people just gathered in the lobby or restaurant until the power went on---no contingency plans were revealed if the power did not go on in a reasonable amount of time; make sure when you book thru the internet that the breakfast is included in the price of the hotel room and bring a copy of the receipt to prove it to the front desk staff or you will have to purchase the breakfast for 7.99 pounds.If you want a better hotel in the same neighborhood just next door to Park International--the Holiday Inn Kensington Forum is a very good one--spacious lobby, restaurants, nice rooms--but a higher price.Overall, for budget minded travelers who want more bang for the buck, Park International will work out fine despite some of its flaws that could be corrected if several staff were sent back to customer service retraining...	
Dec 1 2003	Good Solid Hotel Would Return	My husband &amp; I took a sort of belated Honeymoon trip to Europe, which included a stay in London at the Park International Hotel Nov. 17-23. We were coming from 2 days &amp; 3 nights in Paris, where our room was about the size of a closet, even at $125 per night. We paid less at the Park International - about $100/night - but it was a huge relief to check into our room there, as the room was a very pleasant size and clean. I'm not sure the size of the bed, but I'm sure it was larger than a double. The bathroom was also a decent size, with tub &amp; shower. All the basic amenities you would expect were there (shower curtain, alarm clock, hairdryer, phone, etc), several of which were not found in our more expensive paris hotel. There was plenty of room to hold our luggage without cramping us, as well. There was also a small fridge which was very nice to have to keep drinks &amp; snacks in, although since breakfast was included in our nightly rate, we didn't need much extra food. While we didn't have a fabulous view, we did have a good sized window you could look out. We stayed here in the winter, but for those traveling in the summer months, I did see a/c controls in the room. There was a decent selection on the TV (maybe about 15 channels), and it looked like they were actually upgrading the TVs during our stay, as the last night our TV was replaced with a newer, larger one. There were also essentials for coffee &amp; tea making, which again was an extra we were not afforded in paris. We also got a free paper every day, which was a nice bonus. Breakfast is served from 7-10am, it was a good selection - some cereals, breads &amp; pastries, some meat &amp; cheese, and once there were scrambled eggs, plus juice, coffee, tea, hot chocolate, etc. For this to be included in the room rate was definitely a decent deal. Location wise the hotel is also pretty good - it is only about a 2 minute walk to the nearest Underground, Gloucester Road, and there are several grocery stores and markets nearby if you want to buy some snacks. There are also several restaurants and a laundromat right across the street. As far as sights, there are 2 museums a few minutes walk down the street, though we didn't visit those, and we were able to walk to Kensington palace &amp; kensignton Gardens in about 20 minutes, I'd say. But otherwise, the tube is close to the hotel, so you can just hop on that to get you close enough to most everything else you want to see. We tried to schedule dinner during rush hour though, from about 5-7pm, as the tube is rather packed like sardines during that time. Our rides were usually quite short though, just a few stops, so even riding in a crowd wasn't horrible. I also appreciated that a comment sheet was left in our room - this indicated to me that they are interested in what customers think &amp; interested in improving if need be. Our only real problem here was the hot water, or rather lack of it. There was plenty of hot water for the sink, but for showers or baths, it was pretty much room temperature, not really even warm. At night it was better, but I bathed in the mornings, and it was awful. I managed by dumping water from the sink &amp; heated weater intended for tea, into the tub. I was thinking of complaining to the desk about it after a few days...but then near the end of our trip I was up a bit sooner in the mornings and while the water wasn't hot it was more warm. And on our last morning I was up at 5am and the water was actually hot. So maybe it gets used up later, I'm not sure. The hot water problem was not fun, but we had such a disappointing experience at our Paris hotel, that Park International was like a dream in comparison to that! We stayed on the 4th floor, so I'm not sure if all the rooms are equally pleasant. Noise-wise it was pretty good as well - you could hear nieghbors sometimes, but nothing too disruptive or loud. There were a good deal of Americans staying here as well, so if you're from the US you probably won't feel too strange or out of place here. We felt it was a good, solid hotel and definitely wouldn't mind staying there in the future.	
Nov 13 2003	Great location friendly staff	We stayed there for 4 nights, and loved it. It's only a few blocks from the Gloucester Road tube stop (same line as Picadilly, Heathrow, and Leicester Square. There's a supermarket, a patisserie and many restaurants within walking distance of the hotel. We booked our trip through Expedia, but it would have been cheaper to book through the hotel, especially because the continental breakfast wasn't included in our Expedia hotel rate. The staff is very friendly, and we felt very safe there, even though our room safe was broken. I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 11 2003	I'm going back	This inexpensive hotel has a superior location and helpful staff. The Gloucester Tube Stop (which has three lines) is only about 120 yards away. a large supermarket and some good restaurants are nearby.While small, the room was larger than I expected and the extras included a huge bathtub, refrigerator, clothes press, hair dryer, safe.I will be staying there again in April.	
Oct 14 2003	Howard Johnson's in London	The rooms are a bit dingy and and bathroom is a decent size, but the staff is helpful and the place is adequate for a short stay. We were upgraded to a superior room so we got a good deal from booking online on the hotel website. Breakfast was included in our package, but we could have done without it because the food was probably from the expired shelves of the supermarkets. The location, however, is great--it is only a ten minute walk to the V&amp;A museum, History Museum and Knightbridge (Harrods). The tube is a two minute walk away, there are bus stops on Cromwell and there's also a supermarket around the corner (Waitrose) from the hotel. If I'm on a tight budget, I'd stay here again.	
Oct 12 2003	Absolutely Awful	Based on reviews from this site and others, I had high hopes for the Park International Hotel. Though I had booked superior accomodations, the room was dark, furnishings worn, carpeting stained, bathroom filthy, floors sloped and spongy, mold around the air conditioner, etc, etc, etc. I returned to the desk immediately, relayed my disapointment with the room and indicated that I planned to stay only one night instead of the four originally planned. I was told I would be responsible for the entire stay regardless. I asked to speak with the manager and was told he wasn't available until the next day. The manager reiterated that I was liable for the entire cost of my stay, quoting a 72-hr cancellation policy from somewhere out of the blue. He offered to change my accomodation to another room -- an upgrade was not possible, since I supposedly was already staying in a &quot;superior&quot; room. The room was slightly less worn than the first, however, the general condition of the room was so shabby that I spent the next three days working out of my suitcase and sleeping on top of the bed -- not inside the covers which were as worn and unkempt as the rest of the room. For some reason, though my accomodation was supposed to include breakfast each morning, I was told that it was included in only one of the four mornings I would staying there. Though I realize every traveler has their own standards, I don't think mine are exceptionally high. What I do expect is clean, comfortable, well-lit room along with the amenities promised at a fair price. The Park International Hotel lived up to none of these expectations and the staff was extremely rude, if not outright dishonest in their dealings with guests. Needless to say, it was not a pleasant experience and I WILL NOT return.	
Sep 19 2003	Had an excellent stay there!	I wish all the staff at the Park International a great winter season. I had a great stay there, and I really enjoyed my time with the friendly staff. Very professional, very well managed and run, but most of all I left there knowing that I had acquired new friends on the other side of the world. Thank-you for your hospitality and I hope to see you again around Christmas time!Rick T	
Sep 14 2003	All The Charm Of England	This was my first trip to England. I found the lodging at Park International to meet all my expectations of the charm of England. Staff were friendly and helpful. Location was great, close to tube abd shopping, and easy to reach from Heathrow. Definitely plan to stay here when I return next year.	
Sep 12 2003	what more do you want	In my chosen career I travel a lot over the UK &amp; stay in all manner of places(god and bad) . What i find refreshing about this Hotel is the very relaxed atmosphere and all round feeling that you are actually being treated as a customer &amp; a welcome one at that!!! Very well situated, but just far enough away to be quiet from all the hustle &amp; bustle in London,but close enough to get everywhere with ease. Very resonably priced considering the area and a good clean tidy enviroment..throughout the hotel.. Would stay again without question....Obviously i haven't seen every room judging by other comments, but i was fully satisfied .....Please fell free to email if you would like a more in depth review.	
Sep 9 2003	should have been better	ok this is not a 3 star hotel. almost but not quite. it sometimes isnt even a 2 star. this hotel is a mixed bag. it looks as if upgrading is going through a slow process. the lobby is decent enough. clean and well lit with two internet terminals and some simple seating. check in was a little off and the staff a little flighty but nothing serious to report. elevators ran well. my room though was small and worn. the beds were fine but the shape of the room made the bed take on most of the space. there was a small desk with a tv. the closet had a small safe that worked. the bathroom was decent and typical of those built in the 60's but there was a good shower and was mostly modern. again, the room itself though was just too awkward and small. there was no view except of pidgeons in the alleyway. the hotel was quiet and kept fairly secure. i stayed in the winter and room was warm. there was a teas service and iron which was a plus and both i used. the breakfast room was decent and offerent juices, cereals, breads, cheese and fruit. there was also an on-premises bar. the neighborhood is quiet and central and there is a tube station on 3 blocks away. i would attempt to find other accomidations in this price rage though as i am sure i could have done better. they rooms are just too dingy and worn out and uninviting. if they put in some new simple furnishings, brightened things up a little with a new paint job and paid a little more attention to cleanliness they may just improve enough to actually deserve that 3 star rating they give themselves.	
Sep 9 2003	Great Stay		
Sep 8 2003	Pleasant Stay!		
Sep 8 2003	Great experience!		
Sep 8 2003	A Great time made better		
Sep 7 2003	Wonderful Stay		
Jul 31 2003	very disappointing		
Jul 21 2003	Never Again		
Apr 15 2003	Very nice experience		
Mar 5 2003	Stay away!!		
Nov 11 2002	Horrible		
Nov 4 2009 	bien situé		
Oct 19 2009 	Posizione ottimale ideale per famiglie		
Oct 1 2009 	Personal nicht hilfsbereit		
Sep 29 2009 	??????		
Sep 14 2009 	Todo correcto		
Sep 5 2009 	ottimo		
Dec 15 2008 	ottima soluzione per una vacanza a Londra!		
Oct 4 2008 	Buono per gli standard londinesi!		
Aug 29 2008 	100% zufrieden und positiv überrascht:)		
Feb 7 2008 	Bastante aceptable		
Dec 25 2007	ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Nov 30 2007 	hotel de bonne facture sans plus		
Nov 11 2007 	Buen hotel para familias		
