	Just ordinary	I stayed in an individual room at the Meliá White House for one night. I found the hotel just ordinary. The decoration and furnishing are pretentious and a bit dated.The staff at the reception desk were nice and both the chek-in and the check-out were fast. The room was small, if not too much for London standards; however there wasn't even one chair and the only &quot;table&quot; in the room was more of a ledge with legs, barely 25cm deep and placed in a narrow, poorly-lit, aisle-like space (which is awkward for a four-star hotel that claims to be ideal for business travelers; but of course with a chair and a desk the room would have appeared crammed). The TV was big and a bit old. The closet looked a bit shabby. The bed was comfortable. The bathroom was up-to-date but really tiny; not even a shelf for the toilet bag, just the small counter around the sink. Everything was clean enough. There is a coffee and tea kit (inside the closet, as there is no other place to put it).There is something odd about the use of the in-room minibar: an note advises that if the customer uses the minibar to cool his own stuff then he will be charged 15 pounds.No free internet at any area of the hotel. Rate is 15 pounds per 24h.I didn't have breakfast at the hotel; I don'd remember the price but it was in the region of 20 pounds, so I had a good breakfast somewhere nearby (Great Portland St. is just across the street).The hotel is well located but you can find plenty of well located hotels in London at similar or cheaper rates and this one does't add any special value.In brief, it was just fine but there's nothing special about it. I've stayed at nicer hotels in London and would recommend this one only if you get a cheap rate.	
Nov 21 2009 	Standard rooms small noisy and too dark	I get the impression that if you pay to upgrade to a better room this is an OK place to stay. The upgrade is heavily pushed with notices/adverts in the hotel. There is very little space in the standard room and the walls are paper thin so you can hear everything in the next room. The lighting is very gloomy. Otherwise the hotel seems OK but we won't stay there again because, when one of us was taken ill, 3 hotel staff said a doctor could be called but it would cost £175. There was no mention of the NHS until I really pushed them when the nearest hospital A&amp;E was suggested. In the end I called NHS direct myself. We are UK citizens so could work out how to do this but how many foreign visitors end up paying for the &quot;hotel's&quot; doctor because they don't know there could be an alternative? This seems very unfair to me.	
Nov 16 2009 	Very pleasant experience	We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and had no complaints.We had 2 rooms and both were tastefully decorated well equipped and clean. I would agree that the rooms are small but that is quite common in city centre hotels. Unless one intends to spend a lot of time in the room the space is adequate. In contrast the lobby and bar area are very spacious. I found the staff to be helpful , efficient and non intrusive. The bar is comfortable and well furnished with a good selection of drinks and cocktails but like most hotel bars it is quite pricey. The breakfast buffet has a wide selection of foods on offer and plenty of seating space. Location is good ,near tube and a taxi service outside hotel door. The general area is quiet and it is less than 10 mins walk to Madame Tussauds.	
Nov 14 2009 	Impersonal and disappointing	I have stayed once before several years ago and the hotel felt opulent and a real treat, but this time it felt like a slightly faded impersonal in your face money making machine.It's got a good location, and the breakfast is immense. The room was tiny, and poky but very clean and quiet.	
Nov 9 2009 	Great hotel fantastic location very enjoyable stay!	I stayed here for two nights over a weekend with my partner and my parents. This hotel was perfect for us. The location is fantastic. Only two minutes walk to Great Portland St. tube station and five minutes walk to Regents Park Tube station. Oxford St. is a 15 minute walk or 5 minutes on the bus which you can catch across the road from the hotel. The hotel itself is very clean and tastefully decorated. Rooms are a wee bit small but that's to be expected for London. Staff were very helpful and anything that we needed it was delivered without a problem. Bar in the evening was very relaxing for a drink after a long day with live music every night. Can be quite expensive but if you can get a deal it's well worth it!	
Nov 8 2009 	Great Hotel Great location Few niggles.	My wife and I stayed at this hotel on 7th Nov 2009 for the one night and it was very nice. We upgraded our room to a superior double and although the room was slightly on the small side, it was clean, tidy and what is to be expected when staying at a 4 star hotel.On Saturday night we had a night cap in the hotel bar which was again very nice and of 4 star expectations, however it was very dark in there and they need to light it up a bit more so as the customers can read the drinks menu a little easier. I also was a little disappointed that they did not have any ginger wine for my whisky; I think that being a 4 star hotel in London they should have ginger wine. In the morning breakfast was disappointing. The bacon was well over cooked and the rashers were stuck and clumped together; the breakfast was also cold due to lack of adequate hot plates. I would like to stress this hotel is very nice,of 4 star standard, in a great location and a stones throw away from Portland street tube station. Would definately stay there again.	
Nov 8 2009 	Last minute bargain	We booked this through lastminute.com and got a bit of a bargain. The hotel's website pointed out that the rooms have been soundproofed and having had problems with almost every hotel we've been in over the past months that was music to our ears. When we checked in, without our asking, the receptionist rejigged our booking as the room was going to be noisy. And in the end, the room was lovely and quiet.The only problems were that the tv wasn't much use, and the bathroom light wasn't working properly, but apart from that it was a great bargain. We paif Travelodge prices for a proper old-style lush hotel room.	
Nov 5 2009 	We loved it!	We stayed for one night - 31st October - as visiting the WestEnd. Booked a &quot;secret location&quot; through Lastminute.com and we were delighted with the hotel ( well, for what we saw of it as we only wanted a room) We had paid for a superior deluxe, but upgraded to The Level when we arrived and and got the most enormous bed - it was heaven! Lovely and clean, none of this queing that everyone seems to mention, either booking in or checking out! Great location, easy tube access - would highly recommend and stay again. Just wish we could have stayed longer!	
Nov 4 2009 	Good choice for location budget and quirky bits and bobs	It was OK. Just OK. There were highlights - the quirky lift system, the piped-in aromas, spaciousness, a good-sized bathroom, nice lobby... But the biggest downside were the awful (and I mean TERRIBLE!) pillows, the slow laborious check-in and out and the breakfast that tasted like soap or something. Yuk! I booked through 'secret rooms' on laterooms and it was an interesting place to spend a night, but I am not sure if I could suffer those pillows and not too comfortable beds for more than that. We were upgraded to the next one up from standard, all for £120 a night.	
Nov 2 2009	Try the Crown Plaza Group instead much better value.	Booked Executive room. Great location. The special reception for executive rooms wasn't open, so booked in at front desk. The executive level bar was very nice but no music and no telly so not too inviting to stay for more than half an hour. The bar itself was very limited, wines, red, white and fizzy, and beer. Sodas and juices in abundance but no ice!Breakfast was appalling. No fresh fruit except either five grapes or one kiwi. The cooked food wasn't even remotely warm. The fried egg was so over cooked that it could not be cut in half with the knife provided. Had to ask for more hot water for the coffee because it was so strong.The wonderful Spanish restaurant didn't open Sundays, mind you that was probably just as well considering the cost of the drinks in the bar!!!Altogether, £200 plus for a quite small room - very bad value for money. As I said above, Crown Plaza much better value.	
Oct 31 2009 	Good hotel great location	My partner and I stayed here for one night whilst visiting friends in London. There were no queues to check-in; the lifts however are a bit odd as you select your floor prior to getting into the lift, and only have an open/close door button in the lift! The lobby and restaurant are bright and airy; the bar, bedrooms and corridors are perhaps slightly dated - a lot of dark wood and dark coloured furnishing and carpets. The standard double room was quite small and the bathroom was also poky, but on the whole I was fairly happy with it because of the great location (next to Great Portland Street tube), comfy bed, cleanliness and the quality spread available at breakfast - on Sunday morning we sat reading the papers and were spoilt for choice food-wise. The service was attentive and polite. When we came to leave there was an enormous queue at the reception; as I'd paid I just dumped the keycard and left - but it would have been a pain to queue if there had been a bill to pay. Would go back, but wouldn't prioritise this over other London hotels that I've stayed in; it would be dependent on price (we paid £140 for double with breakfast, which I thought was fair enough for what we got, but wouldn't pay more I don't think).	
Oct 27 2009 	A nice 2 star hotel...never again	The hotel location is very good, just few steps from 2 tube stations and close to the Madame Thussaud´s or London ZOO. We booked the hotel without breakfast - paying more than 20 pounds per person seems rather ridiculous. The check out was very slow, room safe did not work and also the key cards had to be replaced twice in 3 days. The room we had was tiny - smaller than a cabin on a ship, one could barely move in there - IBIS has larger rooms. The bathroom was also very small and one can only wonder how this can be a 4 star hotel? The overall impression of the hotel was OK, but there are nice hotels in London offering better service and space... If you remove anything from the minibar (e.g. if you wish to put your medicaments in there), expect to be charged automatically 15 pounds... When we claimed this charge, we were offered a fridge for the medicaments - it was supposed to come in 15 minutes but has never arrived. The reception seemed tired and not very professional. There was no free internet access.	
Oct 25 2009 	it's okbut I'm done with this place......	As a regular guest I can say a lot of things about this hotel,but this stay has been for sure our last one. We booked a deluxe room as usual. Upon check in,it took two ladies to find our reservation and an unbelivable long time,we were very tired. Finding our reservation was just a matter of switching screens between hotel mode and apartment mode ( the WH has some apartments available too). Once stepped into our room,we immediately saw something was wrong. It was a deluxed room in the inside corner of the X shape ( the hotel is shaped like a X),problem is that it was a room nobody refreshed up for a long time. It was all dusty,musty and smelly,and with the corner window was like being really in a castle !! Not to mention the very small bed. We usually rent deluxe rooms just because of the large beds but this one was a small one !! Went down to the front desk,got another room and so on,very very annoying. Did not get much sleep as usual,the mattress is huge but very uncomfortable,so are the terrible pillows. Breakfast very good,as usual,but expensive if you are not MAS member. That's it..bye bye Melia White House,i'm done with you,	
Oct 25 2009 	Great Location	Superior Room was large and comfortable, Efficient lift system, Great breakfast	
Oct 23 2009 	First stay left something to be desired but The Level was excellent	The hotel is around 10 minutes walk from Euston station (to the West) and is in a pleasant location close to Regents Park. My first stay was in a Classic Room and I was not impressed at all; no cold water, the iron didn't work and neither did two of the lights. The room was cramped and had old style steel framed windows that were draughty. The bed was not a full size double despite a double room for single occupancy having been paid for. Drinks exorbitant, charged £7 for 2 small glasses of still mineral water as the tap water was 17 degrees so not fit to drink. Huge queues for breakfast in the main restaurant and even longer queues to get to reception to check out or report the faulty items. After an e-mail to the hotel an upgrade to The Level was offered by way of an apology at my next stay.Check in was marred as the upgrade had not been delivered as promised, only a Level room had been given and not Level service. After 10 minutes and having to produce the e-mail (thank goodness for mobile phones with internet access), the issue was resolved. The Level rooms were superb. Super king size beds and double glazing, plus the slippers, bathrobe etc. The Level lounge is very pleasant with a soothing atmosphere reminiscent of a club class lounge at an airport and the added bonus of complimentary drinks until 10pm. Breakfast is served in the Level lounge with staff attentive and food is excellent.I used the International restaurant in the evening and the 3 course buffet was excellent value at £24 with the ability to return as many times as you liked taking small portions so you are able to sample all of the dishes you would like. All of the dishes I ate were of a really good quality. I cant recommend their profiteroles highly enough!Overall, excellent restaurant and superb accommodation/services if you opt for the upgrade to The Level. I would recommend both.	
Oct 18 2009 	We'd definitely return	As part of a special birthday treat to my wife, we stayed at the Melia White House during our recent stay in London. Truly a wonderful experience: great breakfasts, clean rooms, terrific shower, friendly staff (special thanks to the concierge!). My wife is especially sensitive to scents and the lodging of nearby smokers made it less than ideal when the fan wasn't on. But that's minor. We'd definitely return!	
Oct 11 2009 	Gracious Hospitality!	I arrived with no money, my wallet having been stolen on the plane. They paid my taxi fare and waited two days for me to get a new credit card and funds! Trul y a great relief for my birthday treat to myself!	
Oct 8 2009 	Just Amazing	Everything about this hotel was just great! It was clean, the staff was friendly, and most of all it's located near everything!	
Oct 8 2009 	Gorgeous Hotel and Great Value!	We stayed at the Melia White House Hotel in the Regents Park area of London. The hotel was so convenient only 1 block away from the Warren St. Tube Stop! We stayed in the Level section of the hotel which included breakfast for free as well as a lounge area where drinks and snacks were always available! It was really perfect for a quick snak in between touring and dinner! The hotel is beautiful, the room spacious, and the food delicious! Great stay!	
Oct 2 2009 	Lovely Hotel	Lovely hotel, could do with a few more staff at checkin and at breakfast but still everything went rapidly. Apart from slightly worn carpet everyhting was in great condition even if the decor was a bit overly Spanish for my liking!	
Sep 29 2009 	Couldn't fault this hotel for money I paid	Booked this under a secret hotel deal and saved circa £100 off normal price and after reading some of the reviews prior to going I have to say that checking in wasn't slow at all. Obviously had to wait about 5 minutes as others was checking in but the checking in process was very quick with the front of house having all my details. Staff were polite and helpful in my opinion. We had Classic Double room which was nice and comfortable however the layout made it appear a little cramped but this wasn't an issue.Overall the place was beautifully presented and clean and the experience was a very pleasant one	
Sep 25 2009 	Can't beat the price or the location!	An excellent choice for easy access to London at an affordable price. Located just steps away from two major tube stops and with easy access to Regent's Park the hotel location is ideal. Service was very good at times (staff helped accommodate thoughtfully helped us at breakfast without request) and acceptable at others (received a smoking room with no other options even though I had requested non-smoking - apologies yes, but solution no). Rooms are typically small for London and don't expect great views but overall the location and price more than made up for this!	
Sep 22 2009 	Very slow checkin rooms very nice but kept they did not refund my deposit. still waiting!	A coach full of tourist arrived at the same time as us, unable to checkin straight away. Went for some early dinner, returned an hour later, just two people in front, still took over 20 minutes to check in 2 rooms. Made to pay an additional £25 on our card for the room, as holding deposit. On checkout the following day, very slow still, paid in full on the same card to find out 2 days later that deposit had been taken and put still on hold, even though we had paid also in full.	
Sep 20 2009 	Quality hotel in a good location.	Booked a standard room, was offered and an upgrade on arrival for £20. We took this to get the superior room. The superior room was spacious enough. The room was of a good standard, but not exceptional. Hotel staff where friendly and the service was efficient.The hotel is a large busy hotel and is situated in a good place for access into the city, with 2 tube stations close by.Classed as a 5 star hotel, but would be closer to a good 4 star as although the hotel is Ok it is not exceptional.	
Sep 18 2009 	The Best London Hotel We Have Stayed In...	My husband and I booked a room at The Level at the Melia White House for the August Bank Holiday. Customer service delivery in this hotel was absolutely fantastic from the moment we arrived at the Level reception; the room was a great size and catered for our every need. We availed of the Level Lounge; complementary papers, drinks and tapas and it was a very relaxing area of the hotel. Breakfast was served here every morning and catered for all tastes and served great coffee!! If I had to point out one problem, it was the height of the bath whilst getting in and out of the shower. Both my husband and I are tall, but we thought it could be dangerous for others maneuvering as the side was extremely high.We will certainly return to the Melia and would certainly recommend it to anyone who wanted to stay near Regent's Park; the tube is across the road; there are taxis readily available and is very quiet at night (if you stay in the Level rooms).Well done Melia White House!	
Sep 14 2009 	Functional quality in great location	Just a stones throw across Marylebone Road from Great Portland Street tube this is a popular hotel judging by high occupancy this weekend. We upgraded to a superior room based on previous advice below and am glad we invested in a bit more comfort. However for a superior room surprised how small the rom was and the lack of small touches like bottled water in the room.These are minor gripes. The service and breakfast was very good and I would come back again.	
Sep 1 2009 	basic rooms are . . . well basic!	Have stayed at the Melia many times. This was the first time in a standard double - previously stayed in a superior double. The superior rooms were very nice and spacious although the bathroom was small. The standard rooms are basic - comfortable bed but very small room, a little faded and the bathroom was even smaller. Portable TV on the desk, poor room lighting. The lesson - you get what you pay for but for a simple stop over £95 plus tax is good value for a great central london position.	
Aug 23 2009 	great hotel perfect location	We've been to London with our 8 old child. We know London very well since we lived there for many years. This hotel is very nice, perfect location and comfortable large rooms.Good price for a perfect hotel.	
Aug 22 2009 	Did not live up to its reputation	The hotel has great style and service is good but on my two trips I have not enjoyed my stay as much as I expected. The first time (in deep winter) the single glazing on the bathroom windows meant it was freezing. Lack of blinds etc meant I was quite visible to the outside world when showering ( not a pretty sight). On my latest stay, there was a strong smell of drains in the room (although strangely not in the bathroom). Pillows distinctly saggy.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great location near Great Portland St Tube - noisy room	We booked an Level Executive Double room which was spacious, nicely furnished and very clean. Reception was was very impressive, as was our welcome.Hotel is very close to the Tube and as we were seeing a concert at Wembley (only 3 tube stops along) this was a perfect location.The bar is open until 1.30 am and the atmosphere was great with snacks available until close. Drinks are very expensive.Our room was close to the lift and extremely noisy which we didn't realise until we went to bed at 1.00am, so I didn't get a good night sleep. I mentioned this to the receptionist at 7am and she advised we should have told them last night and they would have changed the room, too late :-( I asked if we could have a late check out so I could have a siesta but was only allowed to keep the room for an extra hour and was told 1 minute late on check out and we would be charged £50.00. Breakfast was in the Level lounge and was buffett, good selection.All in all a great hotel, we will learn to ask for a room not near the lift! BTW No parking available at the hotel.	
Aug 10 2009 	could not fault it	after returning from the Melia White House, I would just like to say that the level of servicefrom each and every sector of the hotel was to the highest standard that you would expect of a hotel of this caliber, nothing was to much trouble, every member of staff wasattentive and very obliging, and we will certainly stay there again, yes it is a short walk to the likes of piccadilly circus, but is that not why we have legs, buses and taxi's.	
Aug 5 2009 	Poor Service Overworked Staff and Bad management.	Located near Regents Park in London, you would expect at least 1 English speaking receptionist. Don't expect that in this Hotel. The breakfast room was full and even thou there was a few empty tables they couldn't be used as they were not cleared. There was only 2 staff who were overloaded with work. This was not a one off but it happened on every single day of my stay. The hotel is not bad but the level of service in the bar and restaurants as well as no English speaking receptionist was disappointing..I do however recommend the food at the Albufera restaurant..	
Aug 3 2009 	Excelent Hotel	I've stayed for two times in the Melia hotel in London and I have had two diferent experiences regarding the rooms. If you have a superior room you will be like a king. If you have a standard room you have a nice room but with lack of space. Nevertheless the facilities of the hotel are excelent, the ambience is great and the hotel is beatifull. I recomend this hotel and the superior room if you really want a great hotel experience but don't mind being a little bit far from the center (15 min fast walk to oxford circus).	
Aug 3 2009 	Okay - nothing out of the ordinary	Read previous bad reviews about standard room so booked The Level Executive Double Room. Room was exactly as pictured in website photos.The Level rooms include breakfast, free wifi, nibbles and drinks in The Level Lounge. Lounge very comfortable and a good place to chill out.Buffet dinner in The Place Restaurant was horrible so don't waste your money going there. Didn't eat in the Spanish restaurant.Not the best location to see London on foot. Close to underground station though.Can get better value for money elsewhere.	
Aug 2 2009 	Over priced for small room	Now I know that London prices are higher than UK norm, but I felt this hotel was poor value for money. The lobby looks great, but rooms are tiny. For £160 per night B&amp;B for one person, I did expect a little more. In addition, internet access was charged at £5 extra - I did feel was just taking the micky. I refused to pay on principle, and took a 5 min walk to local Starbucks where internet connection was free , with a nice coffee.On the positive, the breakfast was excellent and staff were friendly - but this no more than I would expect anyway!	
Jul 27 2009 	Another perfect stay	Just back from our second visit to the White House this year, this time celebrating my parents Diamond wedding anniversary, there is nothing that you could want that this hotel does not provide.........but the truly great part is the amazing service that every member of the staff offer. Nothing is too much trouble, every request is met with a smile, Do upgrade to the Level when you stay, it is splendid, and worth the extra And finally prepare to be utterly charmed by this excelent hotel and the delightful staff.	
Jul 25 2009 	Everything was better than we expected - Beautiful Hotel (hidden)	This stay in march was wonderful, the hotel was very accessable to transport, and walking, with park on one side and a short walk to Oxford street on the other. My husband and nephew will be staying here again in August and my husband and I hope to be back again Sept./Oct 09.I would highly recommend this hotel for both business and pleasure	
Jul 23 2009 	Visa charges not authorized debitted without prior notice	We have been in Hotel Melia White House for 3 nights, from 14/07/09 till 17/07/09. We are very disapointed to see that beside other visa charges that we signed, we have found a visa charge of around € 135 which have not been spent and of course not signed/authorized. We got in touch this morning by phone with Hotel and they informed us they should ammend and void the charges sending instructions through their bankers and also an email confirming above would be sent to us, but so far have not seen any change.	
Jul 21 2009 	Good hotel but beware tiny rooms	I have stayed here a number of times when in London for the cricket at Lords and generally have a good experience. The last time I was there I was upgraded to a larger room. This time I was in the standard 'classic' room which is really small, although just about OK for one. The furniture is a bit tatty too.Still overall I like this hotel. The bar is a particularly good place to relax and the spectacularly beautiful Regent's Park is over the road.If you are staying here try and avoid the tiny 'classic rooms'.	
Jul 21 2009 	Box rooms!!	Melia White House close to Regent Street is definitely a good looking hotel, huge, neat and good restaurants. Infact when my partner and me were at the lobby - we were quite impressed and glad at the choice we made......ofcourse we were yet to see our room. That was a huge disappointment - you can stretch out your arms and touch the two walls on opposite sides. The room was so cramped, small and dingy. There was hardly any place to get off - you literally jump hop off the bed to the door or into the bathroom.I would not recommend this to couples, especially if they are in London on a holiday.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great value - top London hotel	Having read the reviews we opted for a 'Level' room. The room was soundproofed, bed great, service and food were terrific - a fabulous start to our Europian holiday. Would highly recommend. We'll be back next time we visit the UK.	
Jul 13 2009 	Good 4* London hotel	Stayed here on business - had a small room - clean and good facilities (very small bath though - just a shower tray really). Nice design and decoration.Public areas clean and well designed. Staff helpful. Location great very close to tube, Marylebone and Euston and Regents park for a walk.Nothing to fault.	
Jul 13 2009 	Not worth the money!!	Myself and 2 friends stayed at this hotel in June for 2 nights. we had booked months in advance and had rang the day before to confirm our booking. when we arrived at the hotel it was past midnight so we were dying to get to our room. The man at reception then told us that the booking was only for 2 people even though we had booked a triple room but sent us to our room anyway. When we got there it was the smallest room i have ever seen!! We were on the 8th floor which is the dearer rooms so we were expecting a lot more. We had a double bed and a sofa bed...the sofa bed was from one wall to the other when opened so to get to the bathroom or out of the room you had to climb over it!! Not fun at night when your trying to sleep and have people climbing over you. The next morning at breakfast we were told again that only 2 people were down for breakfast even though we sorted it at reception the night before. One of the waiting staff was so rude and annoying i would have breakfast elsewhere just to avoid her...she was hassling everyone while trying to eat, even the other waiting staff couldn't stand her!! also the food was not very appetizing and certainly not worth the 22.50 for an english breakfast. Along with that they debited the credit card when we checked in even though they said they would not and tried to charge us for taking items from the minibar we never took. Overall good location and it is a very clean and lovely decorated hotel but its very overpriced and badly run. not worth 500 pounds for 2 nights.	
Jul 12 2009 	Just very average - small rooms - but real good breakfast	I stayed at the Melia to participate in an event of one of my clients. I arrived early, just before 12 noon, and there was no room available at first. This is unusual as some guests check out early in the morning so there should be some rooms ready at around 11. When I finally got a room (I had to change and wanted to shower), it was really small - smaller than you would expect it from the hotel category or the hotel website. Also, everything on the floor and in the room was very british old-fashioned with dark colours, wood, thick carpets etc. Not at all Melia style but that often happens when a cool hotel chain acquires hotels abroad and just puts its label on them. The good thing with the (new) Spanish owners is the breakfast: It combines the best of several worlds, including Spain. This was really delightful. Also the location is really good: Almost on Regents Park, and just a ten minute walk to Oxford Street / Soho. The area is hugely preferred over the more touristic areas like Russell Sq or Picadilly C. Unfortunately, the bad rooms make it impossible to recommend Melia.	
Jul 8 2009 	What a very friendly Hotel in a superb location	I have stayed at the Melia White House last year. Three friends and I booked the Level 7 accomodation. We were very impressed with the friendly, attentive staff and the accomodation itself. The location is excellent, my friends and I were in London for one night. A stones throw from Euston Station, handy to take a stroll in beautiful Regents Park and just three stops on the tube (Tube station over the road from the Hotel) to Wembley where we were attending a concert. Left the concert at 10.30pm and we were sat in the bar enjoying a relaxing drink and snack by 11.15pm.The bar itself tends to have a pleasant ambience. Some public areas have no atmosphere and if you are a solo resident this can be off putting. Pleased to say this was not the case with The Melia White House. Congratulations to the Mangement and staff for all their efforts in making our stay so enjoyable. Will definitely re book when I am in London next and will recommend to friends.	
Jul 6 2009 	Small bedrooms but comfortable surroundings	A nice stylish hotel that felt like we were on the Titanic (see photos) which added humour to our stay.The room was a little small and only single beds for a twin room and a small bathroom so not very spacious at all. HOWEVER it was a nice stay, breakfast was buffet style either hot or cold and generous for choice.Friendly &amp; helpfull staff at reception, and at the end of the night theres a nice relaxing piano bar for a night cap after a social evening out.	
Jul 4 2009 	We really like it...	The hotel is amazing.We've been there only for 3 days,but we were very satisfied.The location is perfect near to the underground,to the park.We don't like only the service on the reception,they were very slowly and made that they didn't understand what we talk about.But except that our stay in the hotel was great.The breakfast is good too.And I would go back someday again in Melia.	
Jun 27 2009 	Attentive Staff Very Pleasant High End of 4 Star	I booked the White Melia through Lastminute.com where I managed to get an amazing rate, around £100 each for 3 nights or £200 for a double room. The hotel is a 2 minute walk up from Great Portland Street Tube. The location is nice and convenient, quite central but also peaceful, with Pret A Manger, cosy pub and grill close by. As soon as my friend and I arrived we were greeted by friendly and helpful staff. We were swiftly given the key to our room and offered help with our luggage. The reception staff were very pleasant and smiley. The lobby is lovely, with fresh flowers and marble floors with a comfortable seating area. Our room was on the first floor, again great decor in the hallway, we walked by the maid who was busy at work, she also gave us a warm smile and greeted us. The room is the typical size for London, not huge, but ample, with a large desk and good storage. There was a television (with films for order, although pretty expensive if I remember correctly) refreshments (tea, coffee, hot chocolate and even some shortbread which went down a treat!) The bed was a good size and comfortable enough, the bathroom was nice with toiletries, the shower was fantastic- very powerful (a welcome change!) and stocked with plenty of towels. If you like your minibar, there is a perfectly stocked fridge in the room. Room service is also available (although I didn't use either of these) there is also a bar and restaurant in the hotel, again I didn't use this, but it looked very nice and ambient.The room was cleaned regularly. Check out was no problem.Only complaint? No free wifi. This incurs a hefty charge.But overall and very good hotel and comfortable stay. Very impressed, highly recommended and would certainly visit again!Also the elevators are pretty cool! (you'll know what I mean when you get there!)	
Jun 15 2009 	What a dissapointment!	We stayed at White House 8 years ago and had a great experience so were looking forward to our recent stay. We were very disappointed. Our main complaint is the cleanliness of the rooms: carpet was awfully dirty, sheets were stained, dust everywhere, safe and AC did not work. Service is not high quality anymore. Agree with a previous reviewer who stated the hotel has gone downhill. Only good thing about hotel is its location within walking distance from underground stops and Regent's Park.	
Jun 12 2009 	Faeces on floor: everything broken or dirty	Wow - has this place gone downhill. I've stayed here 3 times before and this time was a horror. the first room had paint peeling off the windows, which didn't shut and the roar of the buses was deafening. the mirror in the bathroom was cracked. The next room (which I stayed in) had a plug for the bath 2cm smaller than the plug hole, so that was unusable; the powerpoints in the wall didn't work so you couldn't boil a kettle or charge the phone; the hairdryer was so cracked that the hot air came out of the handle and scalded your hand and there was a pile of dirt behind the bathroom door. The room was so small you couldn't physically sit at the table.I made the mistake of using the toilet in the lobby. There were faeces on the floor. Seriously... there was also a substantial amount of dirt and grime round the edges of the floor. I'm not a clean freak at all and this just revolted me.The queues for check in, check out and breakfast grow ever long. More than 30 people queued in front of me at breakfast as their method of allocating seating was so slow. The staff are pretty curt.Stay somewhere else!!	
Jun 11 2009 	loved this hotel	we got a great deal on booking.com 200 for 2nights the hotel is centrally located on the circle line a couple of stops from Victoria, Liverpool and Paddington stations. nice area with a pret a manger, express tesco, regents park and a couple of pubs and restaurants the reception area is really nice and the staff were very friendly. our room was small enough but very comfortable and warm. we had lots of channels on the tv, good powerful shower, tea and coffee facilities, iron, trouser presser, safe and fluffy towels there is a nice leisure centre, a gym, coffee shop, bar and restaurant with an extensive menu, we tried it one of the nights and enjoyed our mealwe would stay here again, central, very comfortable and that little bit away from the noise so you can relax after a day on Oxford St	
Jun 10 2009 	outside trendy Londoninside a wonderfull place to rest...	We stayed in The Melia White house for 6 wonderfull days and nights.The Staff was very kind and friendly.The Level room we had was very comfortable.From breakfast to late in the evening ,everything was good served.We'll comeback in december for another great stay in London and the Melia White house hotel...	
Jun 8 2009 	Friendly Helpful Staff	Stayed in room 682, lovely and clean, bed slightly too hard for me. Had a problem with my neighbours in room 683, foreign couple talked really loudly, on the first night I reported them to reception, and they sent a porter to their room, they went quiet for a while but then started again at 1240hrs. Had to complain again on the 2nd night, not much fun when you have your 11yr old daughter staying with you and bearing in mind this was now 2330hrs, they were smoking as well, which they shouldn't have been. I banged really hard on the adjoining door to tell them to shut up and they ignored me!!! I rang reception again and told them that I was not satisfied with the couple next door and also told the receptionist that they were smoking, he told me that they were non smoking rooms and he would send somebody up straightaway, true to their word they did and the couple actually shut up for the rest of the night, probably because they had been caught!!!!This is the first time I have stayed in an hotel of this calibre.It certainly is not a cheap hotel and make sure that you read the instructions for the mini bar, luckily I was not charged for anything.Friendly and helpful staff, very clean and accomodating.	
Jun 5 2009 	AWESOME PLACE	This is the best hotel i have ever stayed in . fantastic sevice ,great location good breakfast and bar ,loverly room ,modernised but with style and class .loved it and when i left they gave me some money wayhay!	
Jun 4 2009 	Great value	We stayed at the Melia White House in London for a few nights in May. On arrival, we upgraded to a deluxe room for an extra 15 pounds – meaning that we paid a total of around 120 pounds inclusive of tax per night.In my view, this represented great value. The hotel is in a prime location near Great Portland Street station, a couple of minutes’ walk from Regent’s Park station and about ten minutes walk from the Baker Street station. The lobby is enormous by London standards – all marble, orchids and chandeliers – with a bustling, pleasingly big-city feel.The rooms are a decent size for London - very clean, secure, and well appointed in typical anonymous four-star hotel style. The bathroom was small but functional. Our only minor concern was the rooms were pretty warm, even if you turned down the thermostat.Lastly, the bar was pricey but quite full with a good atmosphere – and bonus points for the spirits trolley the waiting staff wheeled around the room!	
Jun 1 2009 	Lovely Hotel in good location	We booked a night at a special rate through Expedia. We were attending the Royal National Orthopaedic Hopsital, and chose this hotel as it was 2 minutes walk away. We had booked an executive room on The Level. This included use of The Level check-in, dining room, and lounge, with complimentary drinks in the evening. Although it was just after midday, our room was ready. It was large, with a massive bed and classic style furniture. The bathroom was small, but pleasantly finished, in black marble and gold. We overlooked a building site at the back (where doesn't in this part of London), but experienced little noise, even though we chose to open the windows rather than use the air-conditioning at night. We ate breakfast in the hotel, in The Level Dining Room. It was almost empty, and very comfortable. Service was efficient but relaxed. Some of the cooked food was a little cold, but this was a minor complaint, and the choice was good.We checked out and left our cases in secure storage until later in the day. This had been a very pleasant stay, and was excellent value (cheaper than a chain hotel in Victoria). The hotel was large, but service and the ambience were so good we would love to return if able to take advantage of a special deal in the future.	
May 30 2009 	Like a sauna..............!!!	We stayed at this hotel on the Bank Holiday weekend (end of May) for 3 nights. First impressions were good. Hotel is very clean and staff helpful. Breakfast was very good........once you had queued for it. Ate at The Place restaurant and the food was very good as was the service. Rooms were clean and beds very comfy. No problems with noise, despite the roadworks outside. The only gripe we had was it was so hot!!!! I dont know if they had a problem with the air conditioning but at times it was quite unbearable...............................this applied to all communal areas, including restaurant, lobby, bar and corridors on the bedroom floors. Bedrooms were fine but word of advice...you will need to use the air-con if you want to be comfortable.	
May 30 2009 	Level executive doubleroom....totally satisfying!	We just came back from a three night stay at the Melia White House and we, my husband and I, are very satisfied with the hotel.We picked this hotel from the reviews regarding how clean it was and how good the breakfast was. The hotelroom was for sleep only, so the size of it wasn't important to us.The hotel is very close to the Great Portland Underground station, and just 11 minutes with the tube from Liverpool Street Station. It only takes 10 minutes to walk to either Baker Streeet or Euston Station, where other Underground Lines pass. The hotel is just north of Leicester Square and it took about 20 minutes to walk in medium pace.Surrounding the hotel there is lots of different restaurants and pubs, and Regents Park is just around the corner. We dined at a very nice Italian restaurant called Sergios, http://www.sergiosw1.co.uk/, at Great Titchfield Street, 5 minutes walk from the hotel.The lobby is enormous. They have two receptions, the regular one and the one for us who had booked rooms from &quot;the level&quot;. We had a very fast check-in and could relax almost immediately in our room. The room was very nice, with a very big bed. Very BIG... The bathroom was spacious as was the closet. Everything was totally clean and everything smelled very fresh. Unfortunately it was very poorly isolated, because you could hear everything from outside. The room we stayed in (897) faced the entrance of the hotel and the noice from the traffic from Marylebone Road was really loud. But worst was the noice from the workers who repaired the street outside. The drilled in the morning. Really early.Not the hotels fault though. After the first night, we asked for another room, facing another direction and the staff was very efficient and gave us another room at the other side of the hotel (847) that was very quiet and hardly any trafficnoice at all. So I do recommend that you ask for a room facing any other direction than the front when you book your room.The level also included breakfast buffet and afternoontea with cake and free spirits with snacks in the evening. That was really nice, and the level-lounge was also very nice. One part with sofas and one part with tables/chairs for the breakfast. We found the breakfast buffet very good, although we got a little tired of it the third breakfast. The staff was very nice, but a little too fast with getting the dirty dishes, so it happened at several occasions that they had cleaned our table from coffeecups and juiceglasses when we was getting more to eat. Even during the same breakfast... ;)Overall I must say that I do recommend this hotel, but I can only answer for rooms in &quot;the level&quot;. We prebought a room at hotels.com and paid about 40% off the price of the room. If we had bought a room for full price I wouldn't had been as satisfied with the value of the price. It was a good hotel, clean and with helpful, friendly staff. But not overwhelmingly good.A nice middleclass hotel.	
May 28 2009 	Very relaxing stay but bad breakfast and outside noise	Stayed for 2 nights in a Level Executive Room. We arrived very early and were given a spacious room and great service.The room was a good size, nice bathroom and a lovely bed. The hotel is a lovely hotel and very relaxing where it definitely pays to upgrade having stayed in a standard room before.Room service was excellent with food being hot and very tasty. Location is excellent with shops and the tube very close.Two main negatives would be the lack of soundproofing so you hear a lot of noise from cars or noisy people outside the hotel. The other point was the breakfast. Milk that had curdled, beans, mushrooms and eggs that were rubbery and inedible.Breakfast staff were also very abrupt and nowhere near as professional as you would expect.Overall a very relaxing stay with good and bad points.	
May 27 2009 	Standard rooms are very very very small	Some reviewers indicated that standard rooms are small. And that it is ok because it is London. I don't think it is OK. STANDARD ROOM SIZE IS THE SAME AS A CARNIVAL CRUISE LINE REGULAR/SMALLEST ROOM SIZE. Just wanted to clarify. Hotel's rating must be affected by room size - we do use a standardized rating system! Just based on room size I cannot give more than 3 stars. Yes you can pay more to upgrade...I believe that cleaning staff does a good job...but the carpet is old and ripped in places, walls are covered with some kind of wallpaper so they have a lot of stains. Furniture is old - chairs almost fall apart. Again one can upgrade...I guess.We stayed on 2nd floor and it smelled in corridors - people smoking. Really nasty smell.Breakfast was good. Concierge was very good.	
May 25 2009 	Great hotel if only it weren't so noisy!	We stayed in a level executive room during our stay. The room was large with a huge bed and tastefully furnished. Having a level room meant breakfast was included (great breakfast with good variety of food) as well as afternoon snacks and evening drinks (all available from the lounge). The problem with this hotel is sound proofing. We stayed on the 8th floor yet could hear buses that were two streets away. It sounded as though the windows were actually open. The walls were also badly soundproofed, we could hear the people in the next room as well as those across the hall. This is absolutely not good enough for a four star hotel. No point having any fancy extras if you can't get the basics right!	
May 19 2009 	Excellent hotel good customer service and ideal location for Euston	We upgraded to Executive Level and it was well worth the money for all the extras provided. The hotel was fantastic, extremely clean with very efficient, friendly staff and a good quality breakfast. The only downside was the traffic noise but it wasn't loud enough to stop us getting to sleep. There was no hassle leaving our bags there on the day we left and checking in and out was fairly quick. Perfect location for Euston - just a ten minute walk (if that). All in all highly recommended.	
May 18 2009	A Quiet Hotel in the middle of town	We spent 4 nights in this fab hotel, even if its in the middle of town, our room was soo quiet (be sure you book a Superior, soundproofed room, - its worth the money!). We slept like Babys. The Staff was attentive, helpful and the rooms were spacious and clean. From the second night on we took our breakfast outside, as the Melia is a quite busy breakfast place, very noisy and the breakfast is expensive. I highly recommend the Restaurant/Café &quot;Villandry&quot;, 170 Great Portland St., only 5 min. from the hotel!	
May 17 2009 	Great hotel in great location	Me and my boyfriend stayed at the Melia White House hotel for the weekend, to celebrate his birthday. I booked it as part of a package, including tickets to a comedy club, through lastminute.com. Total price around £200.After reading the reviews here I decided to upgrade to a superior room and it was lovely. It cost us £50 extra for the two nights, but the room was brilliant so it was definately worth it. Massive king size bed, giant plasma and beautiful bathroom. The website claims the rooms to be sound-proofed but I could clearly hear the people in the room above us. However, I think we were just unlucky with the people. The rooms have brackets on the doors to stop them banging, something I wish all hotels had.We didn't bother with adding breakfast to the package, as it was £21 each per day, which we felt was a rip off, so we didn't experience the dining hall.Location-wise it is great. Opposite Great Portland Street tube and only 15 minutes walk or £7 in a taxi to St Pancras/Kings Cross/Euston. Check out was midday, giving you plenty of time to lounge about before leaving and they offer a baggage-holding facility if you wish to go and explore more.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel and have no doubt we shall be returning there again.	
May 17 2009 	Average Quality Hotel	The hotel is advantageously located at a good spot close to Metro stations.But although it is a very expensive hotel, it's service was below medium.It was very noisy because of constuction works at the neibourhood and noisy spanish people.	
Apr 27 2009 	Not so good for leisure ok for business	The good things about this hotel are: location (with beautiful Regent Park nearby) and cleanliness. The rooms are far too small, which I understand is standard for London. However, given the four star classification and the price, I would have thought the size of the rooms could have been bigger. The rooms are not stock up for shower/bath goods and coffee. The concierge does not speak English well (it is a Spanish hotel). Internet was not included and was very expensive (15 pounds per 24 hours). Overall, I would only recommend this hotel for business purposes only, definitely not for leisure. I would also recommend upgrading from a standard room.	
Apr 27 2009 	Good value but cramped 	Should have heard the warning bells when the receptionist said they were overbooked ... and then picked up the phone to check there was a room available. OK we were checking in late but I had phoned ahead to warn them.Reckon we probably got the last room in the house. Double bed (?) was narrow and short, so it would fit into the unusually shaped room. Lots of traffic noise too.Others have written here about the need to pay for an upgrade and I would agree. It's good value (but the breakfast prices are a joke. Use the Greek cafe above Great Portland Street tube) and a good location but only if you can go for an executive room	
Apr 25 2009	Fantastic hotel... BUT....	Have just returned from a weekend at the Melia White House. My Dad and I were down in London for the FA Cup Semi-Final at Wembley and so this was ideally located on the Metropolitan Line for Wembley, walking distance from Euston and also easy to get to Oxford St/Covent Garden etcWe booked a Level Executive room which was well worth the extra money - spacious rooms, free bar and canapes in the exec lounge 6pm-10pm, great breakfast buffet and private reception... (there are no signs for the private reception in the main lobby so ask the concierge where it is instead of queuing!)The only problem was that I had emailed a request for a twin room (as it was for me and Dad) and then phoned a week before our stay to confirm a twin room ... got to check-in - no twin rooms!!! and this was 11am not 3pm check-in time as stated... luckily enough there was 1 twin left in smoking so we took that... but this was the only let down of the whole stay...Otherwise would advise to book with confidence - a wonderful weekend at a lovely hotel.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great HotelGreat Value ! Would go again.	Great hotel in Center of LondonBeautifull Lobi and spacious room.Great value	
Apr 15 2009 	Great Hotel and very good value for money.	I stayed here for a business trip. I have stayed in a number of hotels in central london, but this hotel provided a great location, and a bit of a hidden gem. For the great service you get and reputed &quot;4 star&quot; i found it to be great value for money for central london and on this basis would stay here over the nearby raddison and hilton. similar service at half the price.if you do stay here i would say that as a tip make sure you give yourself plently of time for breakfast as the only problem i had was there was a sligh queue for breakfast. The staff were quick to notice this and i was sent to a different resturant. for this price of hotel it was great to see a chef cooking omlete at breakfast.whether your on holiday or business i would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 27 2009 	Good Central Hotel	We stayed 20th &amp; 21st March in a standard double room, slightly cramped, but for the special offer price of £80.00 in central London, could not grumble. The bed and bathroom were very clean. The staff were very professional and friendly. The hotel is very close to Euston Station, Regents Park, Grt Portland &amp; Warren Street Tubes all just a few minutes walk. A stroll around Regents Park on a sunny Sunday morning in early Spring was delightful. If you are feeling energetic you can walk to Oxford Street, Marylebone High Street in about 20/30 minutes and you are at the whole &quot;hub of central london&quot;. I would thoroughly recommend a privately owned Italian restaurant within 5 minutes walk from the hotel which we came across close to Great Portland Street (see their website www.conchigliarestaurant.com). Their Sunday 3 course meal for approx. £15.00 is a steal! The food was excellent and the staff delightful. Must be visited. I would definately stay at this hotel again and recommend it to anyone.	
Mar 27 2009 	convenient to tube....but you pay for anything extra!!!!	HI---My sister in law, daughter and I stayed here for 6 days in March, 2008. The hotel is lovely, however all that glitters in not gold. It is located in a very busy and noisy part of London. The first night we were there, the ambulances went all night long. It is a 3 minute walk to the tube which we loved. The breakfast was included with our package and it was certainly more than adequate and there was something for everyone. It was a great way to start the day. Our room was very large compared to London standards and the bathroom was fantastic. Our sheets, however, were not changed every night---which one would expect with a hotel of this caliber. It was also not the cleanest room I have ever been in. However, it was NOT offensive. We had to call for extra towels every day as there were 3 of us living there. Here is the thing that bothered me the most. We checked in after a long overnight flight from the States. We get up to the room and need to make a phone call to touch base with friends. The phone would NOT work because we had not left a credit card impression at check in. So down I go to do this and had to wait in a check in line AGAIN. I would have thought they should have asked for this at checkin!! Also, they charge you for everything--movies, computer use in room, phone calls (we paid 4 pounds for a 30 second call), room service was VERY expensive as were the drinks and the restaurants. We were in London the year before and were not charge for all these things. Saying all this, we had a wonderful time and the hotel was just fine. I would give it a 3.5 our of 5. I would recommend it with reservations. Would I stay there again---maybe.	
Mar 24 2009 	Great location great staff - upgrade to a Deluxe room if you can	I have recently returned from my 2nd stay at this hotel. The staff are friendly, efficient and keen to help, from chek in to breakfast, directions and calling you taxis.The hotel is not overly attractive from the outside, but inside the foyer &amp; breakfast rooms are lovely and spacious. Standard Rooms are not so spacious, as you would expect from London hotel rooms, though I would not desribe them as overly cramped. TV is an old huge thing, but worked perfectly well. No LCDs here that I am aware of. Sheets and carpets were clean, though in the room there were a lot of cup ring marks on the wooden furniture which had lifted the colour making the room look a little scruffy, though all surfaces were spotlessly clean. The bathroom was as expected, very clean, though some parts could have used a little extra dusting! The bath was small, not a standard size, but the shower was good and powerful. The Standard room overall was good, but was looking tired from what I would expect for a 5 star, I would much more consider this a 4 star hotel. Things such as the stained furniture and ripped wallpaper in places (only small) meant I would mark this hotel down from 5 star. However, having previously stayed in the much more spacious Deluxe room, I would certainly recommend an upgrade if you can - these rooms look better, are larger and less tired than the standard rooms. Bathrooms in the Deluxe rooms are also larger. Rooms are quiet and decorated quite classically. Location wise this hotel is perfect - very central for all major London attractions. I was disappointed that wi-fi was not available.I would have no problem staying here again - though I would opt for an upgrade.	
Mar 23 2009 	Very Central Hotel	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights, 15th and 16th March. Check-in was done within 15 minutes with really nice staff. The room was slightly small, but most hotels are, but the bed was huge and very comfy, and I think that is what matters most. It is in a very central location with shops not far away. The buffet breakfast was superb, every single thing you could ask for (with one exception, no porridge!!), but they had champagne!!	
Mar 22 2009 	Great value great location	I stayed at this hoteld for two nights room only for less than £220 for a double superior rooms, I had no need to use the hotel facilities such as the bar and reception due to its fantastic location to all of central londons delights within a 10 - 20 min walk or £10 taxi rides.The hotel is in aquiet location with plenty of coffee shops and food shops within a 2 minute walk.Many reviewers seem to go on about the size of rooms, I am not sure if they usually stay in top floor suites or are deluded, but the superior room is more than adequate and with a bed the width of three single beds it is hardly small.The reception staff are polite and check in can be a bit slow, but this is not unique to this hotel and hardly a show stopper for a hotel that is exceptionally clean, close to all amenities and with rooms for a great value which are not small, unless you live in a wharehouse or come from the oher side of the Atlantic.Stay here if you want a great base and intend to get out of the hotel, I will be staying again as long as the prices remain at these levels.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great hotel and location	A real gem in an odeal spot for getting around central London. I could not fault the hotel, smart, clean and comfortable. Rooms are a little on the small side but that seems to be the norm for London these days. Just a minutes walk from the tube and less than 10 minutes walk to Oxford / Regents Street. Would go again.	
Mar 15 2009 	Worst hotel I've stayed in London	This hotel has a great location and a general quaint feel to it. Too bad that the service is so bad that it ruins it. I had to spend nearly 3 weeks there for business and would not recommend it. Check in and Check out were very poor (about 30 mins). The Internet was not consistent, and I could not rely on it for business. The heating system alternates between blasting hot air to blasting cold air with the vents pointed at the bed, so I spent much of the time with a stiff neck. The street noise is extremely loud through the single pane windows. Mostly however it was the Service that would not bring me back. For example, twice when I order room service there were problems. The first time they just lost the order. The second time the front desk wouldn't approve it because they couldn't find my credit card number. Its funny because in the rooms they provide a card that says if your requests are not answered in 15 minutes they will give you a free night accommodation. Yet when confronted with this they wouldn't pull through on their promise. I called day one morning and asked for a copy of my bill to review and to leave under my door. By the next day it still wasn't there. I had to call down again. Again it didn't come. By afternoon I called a third time, and they &quot;weren't sure it could be done&quot;, and that I would have to come down to get it. Then when I finally checked out a couple of days later, their system was done and they couldn't provide a copy of my bill. They promised to email me a few hours later. By the next day when I returned home and it wasn't there, I had to email them myself. I summarized the poor service and reminded them of their promise to provide a free night of accommodation if requests went unanswered. They were unabashedly unapologetic and ignored the complaint. Overall, the worst service I have ever experienced in any country.	
Feb 23 2009 	Best location of any London hotel we've visited	All in all, this hotel was fantastic in terms of location, room size &amp; value. We have stayed in hotels all over central London and this is the best we have found. Located right at the top of Great Portland Street it's walkable to Camden (15 minutes), Oxford Street (10 minutes), Soho (15 minutes), Leicester Square, etc (25 minutes). Hotel rooms in central London are usually tiny, but this was a reasonable size and beautifully decorated (we had paid a little more for a Superior Room). There were some issues with check-in, and some confusion around our booking which took an age for the staff to resolve - but they got there in the end. Breakfast as you'd expect in a 4*, good choice, but sometimes busy in the morning and Qs forming. Would absolutely stay here again.	
Feb 23 2009 	Fabulous We will definitely stay again!	Just back from a 2 night stay in this hotel, which is beautful. Although the rooms are a little small, they are immaculate. The hotel is situated in a great location very close to Great Portland Street Tube Station and The Origional Tour Bus Stop is just across the street. Staff at the hotel are extremely pleasent and the breakfast was delicious with loads to choose from (e.g. Cereals, Toast, Crossants, Danish Pastry, Fresh Fruit, Yougharts, Sausages, Eggs, Bacon etc.). We booked through superbreak.com and got a great 2 night rate including full breakfast. We requested 3 Twin rooms adjacent to one another, and although Superbreak could not guarentee that our requests were granted, the hotel made sure that we had 3 adjacent twin rooms. The only downside is that the Hotel Bar is quite expensive, but we will definately stay here again.	
Feb 22 2009 	Fantastic!	Just returned from a long weekend at this hotel, its the second time we have stayed here. Its fab, yes Great Portland Street tube is not fantastic (as stated in a previous review) but Regents Park some 2 minute walk will get you right through central London. The hotel is clean, the rooms are spotless not one staff member would walk by without saying &quot;morning&quot;. Shop around for the rates, the hotel website is not the cheapest. Fantastic, already booked to stay here again later this year. Breakfast is good to, loads to choose from, even a glass of blonk if you chhose! (lol)	
Jan 22 2009 	Comfortable well situated London Hotel	Booked a standard room through Alpha Rooms.The hotel was within walking distance of Euston station.Found the hotel clean, comfortable and quiet and reasonably priced - especially as a full breakfast was included. Cooked food was quite good but had not been kept hot enough.Lounge and bar area was pleasant. Nicw cosy chairs to collapse into after receiving a typical London bar bill!	
Jan 21 2009 	Amazing	stayed for a long weekend to celebrate my mothers 80th birthday,booked an executive room decided to upgrade on arrival to a junior suite which was well worth the extra money.Throughtout our stay all the hotel staff provided us with excellent service in a friendly and relaxed manner, nothing was too much trouble for them.The rooms were beautiful and spotlessly clean and stunning bathrooms with excellent maid service.breakfast in the executive lounge exceeded all our expectations providing quality and choice.The executive lounge was a relaxing place to sit and chat or read enjoying tea coffee or alcoholic drinks depending on the time of day and the evening buffet was delightful with a varied selection, the staff in the lounge were fantastic and provided you with anything you wanted with no restriction on how much you wanted to drink.From the check in staff to waiters and barman thet were all exeptionally well trained polite and friendly and many other hotels could learn from this.	
Jan 13 2009 	Not bad but could do better	The hotel is conveniently located right across from Great Portland Street tube, although in itself it’s not that convenient for shopping or the West End. When we checked into our room it was very cold and though we tried most things, it just didn’t get any warmer. The Reception sent up maintenance who though very helpful proceeded to pull various bits and pieces a part, as well as having to leave and return a number of times. In the end he could not fix it. From the time we made the initial call to when Reception rang us and said they’d move us to another room it was close to 90 minutes. All this time having to sit in a cold room and much of it sharing with someone from maintenance. We couldn’t understand why as a 4 start hotel they could not just move us into another room right away. Even when maintenance told Reception that the heating could not be fixed, they appeared to be still querying whether we needed to move rooms. However our new room was nice enough and the heating worked. Decent sized bedroom and bathroom and it was clean. The bed was very comfortable nd again a good size. Perhaps our only other complaint was the food service. We felt the price of breakfast pretty steep especially when there were plenty of reasonable delis nearby serving breakfast for a quarter of the price. Also the hotel also had a casual dinning area that charged EUR28 for the buffet. While there was plenty of food it was pretty uninspiring and nothing special. For that price we could have easily got a fine meal in a nearby restaurant and we did.	
Jan 11 2009 	Location great	My wife and I booked this hotel from the Hotels website at some good rates. When we arrived we were offered an upgrade which we duly accepted (at a reasonable rate). The standard rooms are quite small, esp for a couple. The reception area is pleasant, well lit, nice couches etc. The hotel is very well located with Great Portland St tube just a across the road, with Oxford St about a 15min walk away. The hotel bar is nice although almost double in price for drinks as you would find in any corner London Pub. When we came to check out I was told I had an outstanding amount on my bill, which they couldn't tell me what it was for, and this despite paying the last outstanding amount the night before and having a NILL balance confirmed. I suspect the amount was for the upgrade which we paid in FULL on check in. We found the reception staff extremely unhelpful, rude and unprofessional in dealing with this issue. Anyone looking at booking a room here BEWARE of room charges!!	
Jan 9 2009 	Great until checkout!!!	We have just returned from a week's stay in London at Melia White House. The location was good, with the Great Portland tube station just across the road. Our initial room we had booked on-line was extremely small and would have been OK for one person but we could barely fit in the room with our luggage! We were given the option to up-grade to a larger room for a reasonable price and this room was much nicer. We even had a nice view across parts of London.The piano bar was warm and relaxing and the food was delicious. The morning buffet breakfast was extensive but on my first morning the scrambled eggs were cold and when I sent them back they were taken without a word of apology or explanation. I didnt eat breakfast there after that even though it was included in our room rate. I was not impressed.On our last night we went to the desk to pay anything outstanding as we were leaving very early the next morning. We were told our bill was settled in full. However, when we went to the desk eary in the morning to hand in our room cards we were told we owed an extra 30pounds. When we asked for an explanation they couldn't give us one and after 20 minutes of arguing with them we had to leave to catch our flight...Their attitude was unhelpful and they could not give us any reason as to why we suddenly owed them an extra 30 pounds when we has already settled our bill in final the night before! We would not recommend this hotel to anyone as this kind of practice is not acceptable.	
Jan 3 2009 	new years	Was left with this hotel after booking City Inn westminster through STA travel but City Inn was overbooked.The Melia White house Is within walking distance of oxford circus.10-15 min walk up regents street past oxford circus and the various consulates, and hotel is around the corner.The hotel chain is a spanish hotel chain and the majority of it customers are spanish. We were staying for new years checkin was extremely busy but after a 10-15 min wait we were all checked in.We had a standard double with breakfast. Standard Rooms are extremely small but nicely decorated. We didn't mind as we wouldn't be in room all day.There is a tesco express and other shops across the road for snacks e.t.cWe atteneded the new years fire works on embankment and got back to hotel around 2pm. There was a party on in restuarant with very load music, Luckily our room was at back of hotel and on 5th floor. We had a great sleep and went down for breakfast , the breakfast room was tiny and really did not catter for a hotel off this size (over 500 rooms). There was a queue , the breakfast was good , good selection of juices and full english. The queue was huge upon leaving.We also noticed if you wanted a late check out it is normaly £10 an hour after 12 or free if you sign up for their club card which was free to do (form located in room) , so we did that and checked out after one for free.All in all good hotel , nicely decorated rooms but next time would upgrade to a superior room which is much bigger.	
Jan 3 2009 	Rooms are rather small and overdecorated	The standard double room is rather small for the price. The charge for internet access was prohibitively high (around 25 British Pounds per day). Also hotel breakfast was pricey (around 21 British Pounds per day). The room decorations are rather over the top and the walls are thin. I could hear the guy next door snore. The rooms are clean and the location very convenient.	
Jan 2 2009 	New Year Getaway - Nice Hotel but Slow and Poor Service	Booked hotel through Superbreaks for 2 nights new years eve and 1st January and paid approx £350 for B&amp;B incl tickets to Phantom of the Opera.The hotel is directly outside Great Portland Street tube station right next to Regants Park. It was a 20 - 25 minute walk through the park to London zoo.The hotel is quite large with over 500 rooms. The hotel definitley had a spanish feel with majority of the staff and guests being from Espana.The hotel itself is clean and nicely decorated and the breakfast was very nice.The main gripe we had during our stay was the lack of urgency of the hotel staff - maybe it was the latin influence?On arrival, although there was 3 attendants behind the reception desk and we were the next to be seen it took us over 20 minutes to get checked in.We arrived back at the hotel after a show and decided to have drink in the bar. The bar is quite large but was only two thirds full when we arrived. We sat down and it took over 30 minutes for our order to be taken and then another 20 minutes for our drinks to arrive. Other guests in the bar were experiencing thre same and I witnessed one guest vent their fustraion to the duty manager.The lack of urgency did not end there, when came to check out it took us over 30 mins. It was a good job that we allowed enough time to get to the Kings Cross for our return train journey. For anyone visiting over the new year period they should be aware that the hotel restaurant only offered either a set menu for £140 per person or a buffet for £120 per person that included entrance into the hotel bar for live music party until 3 am. Even hotel guests were expected to pay £30 for the priviledge of using the hotel bar after 9pm. So my wife and went for a couple of drinks over the road and the local pub.	
Dec 3 2008 	Great hotel	Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in November, and had a fab time.I was upgraded to superior room free of charge and even when I complained about the noise(next to the lift) I was still given a superior room. The rooms are quite large for a London hotel and very clean.The hotel location is excellent right infront of the the Great Portland Street station, very easy to get around London and to the theatres too.The price was excellent and I booked it directly with the hotel £356 for 2 for 3 nights, breakfast is a bit pricey though at £20 pppnI will go back to this hotel for future trips to London and is now my hotel of choice	
Nov 30 2008	Great location!	Great location near regents park and two different tube lines. Walking distance to oxford street + main shops. We arrived on a Saturday at about 12pm hoping to leave our bags for the day but they let us check in to our room at that time - great!All staff were efficient and friendly. Room had good facilities and was nicely decorated.Would stay there again.	
Nov 24 2008	Like a home from home. If you're Spanish.	I acknowledge that there is a difference between a bad hotel, and a bad stay in a good hotel. However, there are a few things that the Melia White House could do to reduce the risk of guests experiencing a bad stay in what is....an OK hotel.First things first, this is the place on Lastminute.com's Top Secret Hotels described as right next to Regent's Park. It's a great building close to Regent's Park and Great Portland Street tube stations, but an enormous building site next door is offputting (but not an issue at all onc you're inside).The Melia White House is a part of a Spanish chain and virtually all the guests there during my visit were Spanish. The decor in the lobby is almost unbelievably naff - think 19 year-old Premiership footballer let loose on his 10-room Chester mansion. Marble, gold fittings - what I imagine Studio 54 looked like (but probably didn't).The lobby was seething with guests but reasonably well run, although it is increibly annoying to turn up at a hotel at 14.30hrs and find that rooms still aren;t ready for check-in - OK, official check-in time is 3pm, but as I say, it is irksome after a lengthy journey.On the guest floors, the decor is slightly calmer - the sort of thing a pensioner would love. At the Melia, less is definitely not more. The rooms are pretty horribly decorated too - like Wallpaper and its interior design ilk never happened. The standard rooms are very narrow and the bathrooms tiny - but cleverly designed to maximise the use of what little space there is. Our bath didn't empty properly after a shower and we received only one set of towels for two people. The free toiletries are watery and nasty.I had two particular complaints. First, at 2.50am during the thrid night of our three night stay we were woken by the TV in the next room. This place is by no means the Generator hostel - it's a family hotel favoured mostly by middle-aged and older people. What sort of inconsiderate (insert expletive here) can't figure out a reasonable volume for their TV in the early hours of the morning?Second, I had originally booked two nights through Lastminute, then subsequently added another night, so I had three consecutive nights booked in total. Despite confirming this upon check in, this caused predictable problems - check out papers being shoved under our door on the second morning; our card keys being deactivated before the third night. Worst of all, when my wife tried to collect a key during our third evening, she was forbidden from doing so and escorted to the room with security people, repeatedly asked for photo ID (note to Melia management: UK citizens do not have to carry photo ID in their country of residence and a great many of us still do not have photo driving licences - or can't drive anyway!).So, all in all, crowded, impersonal, a bit officious, ugly decor, but convenient, not too expensive and with some individual staff members (e.g. the luggage room guy who let us leave our bags overnight even though we weren't due to stay another night at the hotel).	
Nov 17 2008 	Check the room size	Nice &quot;British style&quot; hotel, with a good standard (better than many 4 star hotels in London). Close to Tube station with direct line to Paddington, perhaps a bit far from the West End (depending).Some rooms are very small and despite &quot;discounted&quot; upgrading have limited value. Friendly staff and good service. Beware of the construction work next door.	
Nov 17 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed at the Meila White house Hotel for 3 nights in early November this year. We were very impressed. The hotel was beautiful. Our room was spacious....and our bed was massive. We drank in the hotel bar and ate in the hotel restaurant one evening. The food, drinks and above all the service was superb. I could not praise the staff enough for their excellent service and friendly attitude. We also used their fitness centre which had everything we needed. It was an excellent stay and we look forward to staying there again.	
Nov 16 2008 	Good hotel - take extra care when settling the bill	Good hotel, good location. Watch out when settling the bill!!!When we ckecked out we were charged more than booking price. We reserved in GBP and were invoiced directly in Euro using a real bad exchange rate by the hotel. We protested but there was nothing we could do. The hotel employees on site were not able to help. So we sent a complaint to the hotel manager. We are now 3 weeks later and yes we heard from the hotel manager but there is no proper explanation, no real help. Off course we have not seen our money either. Never ever a Melia hotel for us I am afraid.	
Nov 2 2008 	Great London Hotel just one block from Regents Park	The Melia White House was a great home base for touring London and making day trips to Oxford, Windsor and Hampton Court. The hotel is located just one half block from the Great Portland Street Underground Station and one block away from Regents Park. We had booked our room with Wyndham Rewards points and then upgraded to a Junior Suite with extra services in the Level Lounge for 60 pounds per night. The Level service included full breakfasts, Internet access in the Lounge, afternoon tea with pastries and evening drinks with a buffet of appetizers. Actually, some days we had afternoon tea at 4, cocktails and appetizers at 7 and skipped dinner entirely. Our room was well appointed, very clean and had two flat screen tvs, one in the bedroom and one in the sitting room. Service was excellent. The room was very quiet and comfortable. I would highly recommend the Melia White House...we had a wonderful time.	
Nov 1 2008 	Too Expensive please choose another hotel	We stayed for one night at this hotel in OctoberThe bathroom was so small the shower was difficult to get in, the approx size was 6ft x 3ft. The food biil for 2 burgers was £28.When we went to check out, they had added over £4 to our bill for gratuities. I explained i had paid the waitress her own tip. They refused to credit my bill, despite an email to the hotel booking dept.The room had no view, but was very comfortable and warm.The hotel is beautiful and the breakfast at £20 per head is good, but expensive.I would not recommend you stay at the hotel unless you are willing to over pay the hotel prices, and unacceptable gratuities.The hotel is mainly for the Spainish tourist, and i it appears they take advantage of the opportunities to take financial advantage.	
Oct 26 2008 	Over-the-top but a fantastic place to stay.	I stayed at the Melia last night as myself and my partner were in London for the Wine Show in Islington. The hotel is really easy to find - not even 5 minutes from Great Portland Street station - and it's absolutely massive. Everything about this place was huge and extravagant, really quite stunning. The staff at the front desk were very helpful, and we were even offered a half-price check-in, which we gladly took! Our room was fairly big, the bed was absolutely HUGE, and so comfortable!We did encounter a few confusing elements, for example, we found the kettle, but no power cord for it. We also found that some items had been taken out of the mini-bar, but that in their place was a sealed packet of foreign goats' cheese! One concern was that as we were at the front of the building, we could hear a very loud Halloween party across the road, but luckily that finished around midnight.There are some good restaurants around, and the helpdesk were very useful and finding a good Indian place to eat at. Something I really liked was that the hotel offer room service food throughout the night. We went down for breakfast in the morning and were absolutely staggered by the sheer amount of food on offer! They have a buffet with pastries, cakes, cereals, fried foods, freshly cooked omelette on request, juices, teas, champagne, even a salami stand! The food was fantastic, and the service was really good too, if a little over-enthusiastic!As bizarre as the stay was in parts, I was genuinely disappointed to leave, and I'd recommend this hotel to anybody looking for a convenient place to stay in central London.	
Oct 26 2008 	First class hotel	Booked a room on 'The Level' and wow, the fabulous room didn't disappoint! Complimentary buffet food and drinks (and yes this includes all alcoholic ones) in the 'Level Lounge' during the evenings, and complimentary breakfast in there each morning. All in all well worth the extra cost of the room.Polite, efficient staff and an excellent pianist/singer in the bar in the evenings. Gorgeous decor, with fresh flowers and chandeliers everywhere. We'll definately be back.	
Oct 17 2008 	Great Theatre Break Hotel	We booked this hotel for a 2-night stay. It is very easy to find as it is about a 30 second walk from Great Portland Street tube station. We booked through lastminute.com and had chosen a room on 'The Level'. We were not disappointed - the room was huge with an extremely comfortable, large bed, lots of wardrobe space etc. Having stayed in a Best Western in London a few years ago and sleeping in what only can be described as a cupboard - we were delighted! The Level gives guests access to a lounge with separate food and bar service at certain times of day which was very peaceful and service was efficient. We were able to store our luggage easily with the concierge at the end of our stay. One word of warning though - the bar prices are very expensive and gratuities are automatically added to your bill. When we return to London we will not stay anywhere except the Melia White House.	
Oct 12 2008 	Nice place	We were force to upgrade to a deluxe room due to the need for a baby bed - the room was nice, the extra fee not so much. Good service, good location. No complaints.	
Oct 12 2008	Great Hotel.....shame about the parking!	My husband and I have just returned from a one night stay at the Melia White House as part of a theatre break evening. I feel I have to warn people tho that the hotel has NO CAR PARK! I'm not sure if this is common in this area but I was amazed that a hotel of this size has nowhere for its visitiors to park! We did manage to park behind the hotel on the street which because of being the weekend there was no charge, so it did work out in the end!The hotel itself is lovely, clean with very helpful staff, the majority seem to be spanish. On checking in the reception staff only had a twin room available despite the fact we requested a double months before but we did get upgraded to a superior room which was worth waiting an hour for it to be ready. The room was spacious with what looked like a super king size bed, it was massive and very comfy.We didn't eat dinner at the hotel as part of our package was a meal in a restaurant close by but we did have a drink in the bar after the theatre, 2 double whiskeys and a coke cost us £28 so we didn't stay in the bar too long!!!The breakfast the next morning was fantastic, everything you could ask for,cooked/continental even churro's and chocolate sauce, it could'nt be faulted!Everything is very easy to get to with a tube station right opposite the hotel, bars and cafes and the theatre close by.The whole experience was very relaxing and easy going which I think is what you want when you go away. I would reccomend this hotel to anyone! Fantastic!	
Oct 8 2008 	convenient and comfy	work related overnight stay - shortish walk from Euston Station and across the road from Great Portland St. well equipped if bijoux room. asked for a quiet room and it was. decor a bit OTT - lots of gold and mirrors. very quick express checkout - just gave my filled in form to a helpful person in the lobby.	
Oct 1 2008 	We Loved This Hotel	We loved this hotel!!!!!I stayed in this lovely hotel with my husband and my daughter (almost 2 years); I found this hotel very clean and for me this is the most important thing!!!!The hotel staff was very very lovely there was a guy for help me with my baby carriage every times, and we loved so much the snaks offered in the afternoon :)The hotel is very near my favorite park in London &quot;Regent's Park&quot; as well as the center of London and the tube.....The room is very comfortable and spacious, the breakfast is excellent and the staff very very sweety with my daughter :))I recommend this hotel to everyone!!!!!!	
Sep 30 2008 	The best place for London	Melia it's a very nice hotel! Near the center of London, it's perfect for spend your hollidays or bussines trips. Very clean, people who work there are very helpful, all it's perfect there! I recomand it for your trip!	
Sep 30 2008 	Hit and Miss	I booked this hotel along with theatre tickets as part of a package for me and my boyfriend. The last time we tried it, we ended up in a small but friendly hotel so this time, I'd thought I'd fork our a little more for a decent hotel room. As a lowly graduate the transaction made quite a dent in the bank balance so I was expecting an enjoyable stay, which unfortunately, I didn't get.On arrival the reception staff were cordial enough if perhaps a tad lackadaisical. The room (classic double) was an acceptable size, well equipped and decorated and clean. The bed was a good size and the shower got a thumbs up.However at 5am, I awoke to a curious clicking coming from the bathroom, which turned out to be the heated towel rail so I turned that off and returned to bed. At 6am, I awoke to the sound of someone in the room above answering the telephone and also heard his subsequent trip to the bathroom. Then the construction on the building opposite began. For me, this was too much to sleep through, my boyfriend however, seemed quite content in his slumber.It would have helped if we were warned at check in that construction noise would be heard so suitable purchases of earplugs could be made! If, like my boyfriend, you can sleep through anything and have a mid range budget then give it a go.The atmosphere of the hotel isn't that of a 4 star, everything is perfunctory and if you're after something a little special, this isn't it...not by a long shot.	
Sep 29 2008 	Great but don't get room 196!	We stayed in this hotel the weekend of the 26-28 September on a last minute deal through expedia.The hotel is in a great location across the road from Portland Street tube station (is a busy road so be careful!). The hotel itself was lovely, very well maintained and inviting. We had to wait a few mins to check in, which was ok but when we tried to check in they couldnt find our booking!! They found it eventually - the room has been booked under my middle name instead of my surname for some reason! We were upgraded to a superior room because of the hassle!We were placed in room 196, a nice room (if a little small for a 4*), very clean with a king sized bed. The room was a connecting room (although the connecting door was locked) and I was worried we would hear noise from this room but we never did.We were on the 1st floor directly above the man entrance...and where guests and staff would have a cigerette which filled our room with a horrible smokey smell. Instead we had to put the fan on in the room but I would have prefered to have some fresh air!All the staff and guests were spanish , and spoke good english. Did find the checking out queue a bit annoying as the spanish people behind kept on trying to push in front of me to check out! Overall I think this hotel is great value for money for central London, its very clean and the rooms are lovely- just try to get a room on higher level away from the smokers!	
Sep 27 2008 	Classy and comfortable but watch hidden costs	We travelled from Ireland to stay at the Melia White House for four nights (Monday to Friday) for our wedding anniversary. It cost us 900 euro including breakfast from the webste GTA hotels. On arrival we were asked if we would like to upgrade to a superior room for 60 pounds extra for the four nights and did so. The best thing about the superior room is the fabulously large bed, though probably for London standards, the room was spacious enough if a little tight on storage facilities. I found the air stuffy though and when I opened the windows the noise from the construction of two large blocks right next door was really annoying (we were on the third floor). Somewhat muffled, with the window closed. When we asked to be changed, we were moved to another room the next day (although I put the request in straight away on the day of arrival). Noise was still there during the day if window open, though not as bad. With window closed hardly noticeable. (room 402). This is right in the middle of a busy urban area so dont expect the views to be pretty!!! Neither issues a big problem if you are gone all day sightseeing anyway.A nice touch is the bottle of bubbly in the room after arrival, though WATCH OUT for the mini bar. We had no interest in using it, but when my husband just picked up a bottle (or maybe two) to look at, out of curiosity, we noticed they were on a magnetic pad sort of thing. Just lifting the bottle ALONE, COSTS. We had to sign something at reception when they tried to charge us 13 pounds for 'using the mini bar'. That was a new one on us...:-((Also watch out for the hotel bar Longfords - there is a 12 and a half per cent service charge included in your tab. We didn't realise this and had tipped generously on top of that. Ambience is nice there with a good jazz singer/pianist.We treated ourselves to the Spanish restaurant L'Albufera, one night. Coupons were given at reception for a reduction but this only appies to the a la carte and not to the chef's set menu which we had (35 pounds each for three courses). (The service charge is also included here whether you like it or not. )The food was good and the service and ambience classy. This was on a Wednesday night. Worth dressing up for.The breakfast is buffet style and there is a wide selection - could set you up for the day, though my husband cringed when he heard some US guests (who must have only booked a room) being asked to fork out 21 pounds for the pleasure, (way overpriced in my opinion especially when you also consider the dollar exchange rate).SO, at the end of the day, yea, I'd recommend staying here - also because it is so convenient to the tube stations (Great Portland Street the nearest) and walkable to Regents Street, Tottenham Court Road etc. BUT it depends on your budget and since we have very little experience of staying in London, we can't compare it to other hotels price-wise.	
Sep 24 2008 	Wonderful stay	We stayed 2 nights at the Melia White house in september. The hotel staff were really lovely, and allowed us to park at the front of the hotel for a small fee. We also had a late check out, which was free of charge. The hotel breakfast was superb, and as our stay included one dinner we sampled the restaurant one night. This was also very nice. The room was fine - a bit small - but we didn't spend long in there! The bed was comfortable and the room quiet. The hotel is situated very centrally for all attractions, and we walked everywhere as its very close to everything you need. I would love to stay there again!!!	
Sep 23 2008	Construction Noise and Little Sleep	During a 5 day business trip to London, I stayed at the Melia White House.Next to the hotel, there are TWO buildings under construction. Both buildings perform construction 6 days a week (Mon thru Sat) and start at 7am. The noise is unbearable, especially the jackhammers. I recommend avoiding this hotel until after the construction is complete (perhaps call the hotel to check if the buildings are still under construction). Or see http://www.regentsplace.com/ which says the construction should end in Autumn 2009.The beds are quite uncomfortable and the bathrooms are small (and slippery, watch out). The hotel lobby is probably the most peaceful place. The location is very good, with easy access to the tube.In short, avoid the hotel until after the construction.	
Sep 22 2008 	London at the MWH	The hotel is nice. The service is good: Nothing out of this world but good. Well located and easy to access. Food is OK.	
Sep 11 2008 	Exceeded Expectations	We got a good deal through priceline, but of course we were concerned what we would get. The hotel was in a good location next to Regents Park, with two tube stations within walking distance. We arrived at 10:00 am from our flight and were allowed to check into our room. Staff were mostly Spanish, spoke good english and were very nice. This hotel was clean! Very pretty lobby and public areas. Lots of marble, brass and nice furniture. Only one negative, this was a very small room, not much different from a cruise ship. It was clean, quite and had a decent view, the older furniture was in good shape, bed was great, bathroom (had bath-tub) was small, but marble and clean. For what I've had in London in the past, maybe best deal yet. I would say that if you don't require a large room, this is a great value for under $200. I would stay here again, but I might consider the $80.00 extra for a larger room, but which puts it into competition with some nice other hotels. Breakfast was not included, and was very expensive, so we ate across the street for cheap (for London).	
Sep 10 2008 	a fabulous 4* should be a 5	we originally booked this hotel throught the melia website but then saw it on last minute.com in the secret hotels for about £100 cheaper which to start off was a bonus . but when we got there we were astounded we have stayed a lot in london in various hotels but this was above par the foyer is large and beautiful the staff even tho they are mainly spanish being as it is a spanish run and owned hotel ...were friendly and very helpfull we booked in with ease . we were asked if we wanted to upgrade to a junior suite we declined and really if we had we would of been bowled over because the superior room was ample big enough and comfortable. it was clean and spacious the king size bed could of easily slept four it was huge. we had our fair share of small minor problems but they were fixed instantly for example the light in the room was flashing on and off they came up immediatly and replaced it the iron kept blowing the fuse but they changed it instantly they were very efficient and they even telephoned the room after to make sure we were happy with the service it was a first class service we can not fault it. your underground stop is great portland street which is across the road the rooms are sound proofed . it is about a 15 min walk to oxford st 10 min walk to soho and leicester square and piccadilly circus it is in a real good location.we reccomend that if you want a comfortable and luxurious stay in london go straight to the melia white house they have many facilitys and are very accomodating we will definatly be going again and again and again.	
Sep 9 2008 	Worst hotel in London.	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in. We paid an extra £30 per night to upgrade to a junior suite. The room was extremely dark but most importantly the road noise was horrendous. You expect some road noise being in the centre of London but the noise was that bad that at 3am I asked to be moved. We were moved to a smaller room on the opposite side of the building and I eventually slept until 7am when I was woken by the construction workers commencing work on the building opposite. When complaining at reception, after they had translated my complaint as no one seemed to speak English, I was transferred to another room later that day. No apology or understanding from staff and I had to ask about the refund for the upgrade, which they said I would receive on checking out. This executive room was much better and £30 cheaper a night than the junior suite. I wouldn’t waste your money with the upgrade. My friends had booked another room and had the same issue but also found a gigantic hair ball in the middle of the floor. It looked like someone had empted their hair brush after a years brushing on their carpet. Housekeeping were very understanding, changed their room and offered £30 compensation from their bill. Breakfast was dull and tasteless. One of the benefits was supposed to be the ‘help yourself’ complimentary drinks in the evening from 6pm to 9pm. However they were limited to choice, bells whiskey, no brandy or liquors, there was a small amount of vodka in one bottle the first night which was not replaced. When I asked the bell boy about obtaining a taxi, he just shrugged his shoulders (probably didn’t speak English). I ordered a black Russian cocktail in the bar one night (tia maria, vodka, coke) and received a white Russian (similar but has fresh cream on top). When I explained the error the waiter said ‘it’s not that different, can’t you drink it?’ I had to explain that I am allergic to milk, cream etc and it wasn’t what I had ordered. I did receive my black Russian eventually but I was made to feel most uncomfortable. I thought I would try and let the hotel redeem itself and ordered two aromatherapy pillows one evening. I rang room service to order as instructed but requested the pillows be delivered later that evening as I was about to slip in a nice warm bath. I placed my ‘do not disturb’ on the door and climbed into the bath. Needless to say five minutes later there was several knocks at my door. The last and final straw was on checking out of the hotel. We asked for our bills and neither room reductions was showing. Bothe my friends and I spent the next hour in arguing with the receptionist for a £130 reduction. The hotel deputy manager was called who came and said ok to my reduction from changing my room from a junior suite to an executive room; however he debated that I did sleep some part of the first night in the junior suite! He would not however agree to the £30 reduction for the hair ball in my friend’s room. He stated that housekeeping had no right to offer a refund without his authority and he knew nothing about it. He just left no apology. After the receptionist realised that we were not going to pay our bill until the £30 reduction was deducted as promised, she mad another phone call, the deputy manager would not come to see us again but agreed to the reduction. What a coward of a man!!!! All in all a bad experience. Don’t go to this hotel. You’ll pay as much at The Landmark down the road a great 4/5 star hotel. Give the Melia a miss.	
Aug 29 2008 	highly recommend	We stayed at the Melia White House as part of a trip package in August 2008. Price was around 150 pounds per day for 3 people. For this price range, the hotel was superb. Great location near the Great Portland Street tube stop, quiet neighborhood. Easy tube access to all London tourist attractions . Hotel is new, nice, staff are very helpful. This hotel draws a largely continental crowd, lots from Spain, Portugal, and France. It has a very international flavor, which we like. Breakfast included was a huge buffet, often our big meal of the day. My wife and daughter would go back without hesitation, high praise indeed. Unreservedly recommended.	
Aug 26 2008 	Nice looking good location but bad service	The hotel is very convenient and the decor is good. The standard rooms are tiny the bathrooms for these rooms are very small too, though the amenities are okay.Main issue with this hotel though is the level of customer service. My Air Con was broken and I had reported it before leaving for dinner. 3 hours later no-one had even been to the room. When I spoke to 2 members of staff all I got was &quot;what do you want me to do about it?&quot; At £120 a night - I'd expect a lot actually. Finally well in to the early hours of the morning the Duty Manager who was lovely and understood what Customer Service actually meant, moved us to another room.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great value beautiful hotel	My wife and me first booked a room at the Royal National, for our London weekend getaway, but soon changed our booking after reading the terrible reviews we found onhere.As we are both students, the budget was tight, but we hoped the extra money spent on Melia White House would be worth it.And was it ever! This hotel is simply wonderful.The hotel and area:Location was great. You're just 2 minutes away from the tube, the surrounding area is mainly embasseys, expensive appartments and businesses. Hence the chance of running into a mob of drunk kids is minimal. Oxford st. is a bit of a walk, but it's a nice walk and unless you're carrying kids or heavy bags it should be no problem.5 minutes walk will get you to a business area with loads of small restaurants and pubs catering lunch to hungry suits. Don't be alarmed by the look of some of the places... Some of them look a bit on the dirty side, but as a rule of thumb: If the place is packed it is usually worth the wait, since most of the customers are probably regulars. Breakfast at the hotel was overwhelming. Cook to order omlettes, a wide selection of cold and warm meat, loads of fresh fruit, good coffee, decent pastries and for the morning buzz, a lovely cava. We did not try the wine for breakfast, but it is there, should you desire it.The staff:The service was for the most part simply outstanding!The desk was able to answer any and all questions we had and gave us great advice on pubs and... donut-stores (yes, we had a craving!) They stored 3 dosins of donuts for us in the kitchen fridge, as the guestfridge was too small - Free of charge!Service was fast and spotless at the desk.In the restaurant it's more so-so. We had a late night dinner in the restaurant, just before closing, and service was incredible slow. The food was quite nice and worth the wait, but for a quick meal there was nothing quick about it.The room:As we were on a budget, we decided not to upgrade to a superior-room when offered to do so. We stayed in their cheapest room, but we weren't dissapointed. Yes the room is quite small, with barely enough room to walk around the bed, but it was still beautiful and spotlessly cleaned.The bathroom was marble tiled, shiny and black. The bathtub was a nice surprise and great after a long day of walking the streets of london.All in all it was a great stay and we wouldn't hesitate to book again.	
Jul 26 2008	Really nice hotel - fair price	+ Very friendly staff+ Spacious lobby+ Spotless room+ Superb breakfast- no car parking - very confusing lift calling system	
Jul 24 2008 	Spanish friendly	Great location, 15min walking Oxford St., opposite to the most beautiful park in London: Regents. Classic décor, luxury in the old sense, huge room and bathroom, comfy king-size bed, professional, helpful staff. Spanish tourist London favourite is always packed with couples and families in a shopping spree to the City. To be honest, the kind of place your parents would be happily stayed over. Recommended for whoever is looking for a quite, elegant place, Spanish friendly (all the staff is either Spanish or speaks the language) and those who rank location in the first place in their preferences. It features an elegant Spanish restaurant and a modern-eclectic one	
Jul 15 2008 	Love this hotel!!	We booked this hotel originally on lastminute.com as a 'secret hotel' knowing it was close to where we wanted to be but not realisiing it was this hotel.We have actually now stayed there twice and have booked to stay again! The hotel is very clean, the staff very friendly and the check in was very efficient with barely any queue.We went to the hotel bar in the evening, which, if you are willing to spend a ridiculous amount of money for drinks, is well worth it. There was a pianist who also sang, she was fantastic and we enjoyed some old and also newer songs.We have not experienced the breakfast as yet but after recommending this hotel to a friend, she stayed there with her partner and said the breakfast was superb!!	
Jul 9 2008 	Fantastic hotelL - Highly recomment	My wife and I stayed at the Melia White House for 7 nights and enjoyed every minute. It's centrally located and a 5 minute walk to the Regents Park tube station. From there, you can hop on the Bakerloo line which will take you to Oxford Circus, Piccadilly Circus, Charing Cross (Trafalgar Square) and Embankment (Thames, Big Ben, Houses of Parliament, Westminster Abbey). If possible, try and get a package where their breakfast is included. You will not be disappointed. It includes anything you desire including fresh fruit, pancakes, omlets, cereals, juices, muffins, and much more. If puchased separately, it will cost you 20 pounds a person. The rooms are quite small but immaculate. Air conditioning worked great and the windows open. The staff were extremely helpful and if you decide to take side trips as we did to Stonehenge, Bath, Windsor Castle and Canterbury, all buses will pickup at this hotel. I would definately stay there again.	
Jul 6 2008 	Good London hotel...	Good central London hotel, within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road, and a 10 min walk to Oxford Street. Two tube stations very close, Warren Street and Great Porltand.Very pleasant staff. Reasonable size rooms for London. We were offered an upgrade for £30 for two nights. Rooms smart, clean and comfortable.Try to get a rate that includes breakfast as it is certainly worth it. Buffet style, lots of choice and better than most hotels.The only negative is that there is currently some building work being carried out close by...they seem to start work very early, and they are doing some pretty major construction, so they ain't quiet!A really good 4star hotel in London, you're unlikely to be dissapointed.	
Jun 25 2008 	a nice few days in london	I stayed at this hotel with my husband for 3 nights in June. It was lovely, no complaints at all. We booked the hotel through last minute.com as it was one of their &quot;top secret&quot; hotels so it was excellent value. When we checked into our room we found it was a twin room, we phone reception and asked for a double, they sent along a porter and moved us without a problem. Breakfast was good, yes a little cold but arn't buffet breakfasts always that way, the choice was excellent though.	
Jun 24 2008 	Good value	Stayed at the White House for a weekend two weeks ago. It belongs to the Spanish chain Melia and is excellent value for London. We got a good deal for a superior room in their website. They have a floor named The Level where, besides your acommodation, they compliment you with free tapas and drinks during the day. The rooms are good sized and clean, the bed is very confortable. The breakfast buffet was fairly good but a little bit short in terms of choice. Location is good but not great (20 min. walk to Picaddilly for instance); nevertheless, the Great Portand Street circle line tube station is a stone's throw away and is very convenient to sightsee or get to transport hubs such as Victoria Station, Paddington, etc. I got a minor issue with the Internet connection as the mini IR keyboard they supply was not working and could not navigate. On check out I stated this and the charge was not added to my acoount, which was great of course. The worst thing this hotel has are the lifters. They look ultra-modern at first sight but it itakes *forever* to get to your floor. It can get up to 5 minutes!All in all good value.	
Jun 9 2008 	Lovely stay at the Melia	My wife and i had just got married and we stayed at the Melia on our wedding night. We had a Junior Suite and it was lovely, we were greeted by a lovely bottle of brut, compliments of the hotel along with a nice note of best wishes.The hotel looks really nice everywhere, our suite had a fantastic bathroom so if you can afford to upgrade to a Junior Suite i would strongly recommend it.The breakfast sure enough was not as hot as i would have liked and so perhaps it needs to be kept a bit hotter but it was still tasty stuff. I had a full english buffet style and then pigged out on some pancakes and syrup . . . . yum yum. Coffee was good too.When we arrived at the hotel i pulled up outside in a brand spanking new mercedes that i had hired and i was hoping that a porter would come to assist with baggage, unfortunately this didn't happen which disappointed me slightly. My wife went to sit in the reception lobby whilst i parked around the corner and struggled with luggage to The Level check in dressed in my wedding suit. This did surprise me actually because every time i went down to the lobby afterwards there were plenty of porters around.All staff are very friendly and i would certainly recommend this hotel, parking around the hotel is free during the week end so it's ideal if you are going to see a week end show. A cab cost around £10 to The Strand (WC2) from the hotel.	
Jun 9 2008 	Fantastic hotel in particular the location!	We stayed in the Melia White House as part of a theatre weekend break. We had two classic rooms and one superior room - not much difference between the two apart from the decor but rooms were extremely clean and comfortable. The staff were friendly and polite and the location was unbeatable. There are three tube stations located nearby and there was also a tour bus stop located across the road. Location alone made this hotel amazing!Breakfast was not included in our hotel package but the staff recommended that we join the loyalty club for free and we could get a 2 for 1 deal for each room as I had originally thought that the buffet breakfast was very overpriced at 21 pounds each. It was well worth the money however with a superb selection of very tasty food!I would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Jun 7 2008 	Excellent Value Great Location Highly Recommend...	My partner and I stayed at the White House for a night in May, I would highly recommend this hotel, the staff were very polite and helpful and the hotel itself was exceptionally clean and in a fantastic location. We stayed in a standard/classic room and bar the bathroom being very small the room was lovely and clean. I would recommend staying in a classic/ standard room for a maximum of 2-3 nights; if you are going for longer I would recommend staying in one of the larger more expensive rooms due to the standard rooms being on the smaller side. Overall this hotel was exactly what we wanted great value for money, in an excellent location and very clean and comfortable, we would definitely stay here again if/ when we return to London!	
May 30 2008 	Nice hotel great location	Really nice hotel. Typical for European hotels. Don't try to directly compare with US hotels. They are quite different in a lot of aspects. Rooms are small. Bathroom is really nice. Bed is comfortable. Dont bother bringing plug adapter - there is a build in US - UK - EU adapter in the wall. Very convenient. You can charge your camcorder, camera, cell phone, laptop etc. electronics that dont require power transformer(120V to 220(250)V). Expect to pay extra for all services - Internet is 15 L per day!!! Phone calls are 2L per call just to get an outside line. Use the pay phone in the lobby. The hotel is in very conveniently located to Underground and bus stations. Small grocery store across the street (great sandwiches on the go). Most restaurants are rather expensive. I would recommend &quot;Cafe Meze&quot; across the street behind the Underground station. Oriental kitchen, very tasty food, reasonable prices.	
May 30 2008 	Excellent value for money cenratl London hotel	We stayed at the Melia White House for 2 nights on a long weekend of sightseeing in London. Having stayed at London hotels before we were delighted finally to find one that is clean, friendly and in an excellent location for touring around. The staff could not have been more welcoming and helpful throughout the stay. We stayed as a party of 3, which meant that through Expedia we had a junior suite to share. This was well kept, very comfortable and spacious (for London)! We would definitely recommend upgrading to the hotel's &quot;Level&quot; package. This was automatically included as we had a suite but you can upgrade for GBP30/room. This gives you a private check-in desk with private bar (free drinks 6:30-11pm and free light-bites/tapas selection too). This is very handy as the bar drinks are quite expensive (from GBP5.50/pint of lagerThe hotel is literally a few yards walk from Great Portland St. tube stop, from which you can access the 'Hammersmith &amp; City', 'Metropolitan' and (most importantly for sightseeing) the 'Circle' line. We have all agreed that for the price we would definitely stay at the Melia White House Hotel again for future trips to London.	
May 26 2008 	Good service and (on a discount rate) great value	I got a great deal at lastminute dot com on this hotel - a rate that was actually a couple of pounds less than the Ibis at Euston, so for me, this represented great value.The first thing that struck me was that there was a doorman and concierge service: not something you usually find at the price I was paying.The other big plus point was that all the staff I encountered were very good indeed. Most seemed to be Spanish, or at least Latin/Hispanic, perhaps reflecting the hotel's ownership. I always look for good value deals on the internet, where value doesn't necessarily mean cheapest, and I've stayed at a good number of hotels that would put themselves the equal or the better of the White House, and nowhere in the last five or ten years have I come across staff as friendly and communicative as at the White House: everybody you met, even chambermaids (who, in London, even if you can attract the attention, often can't speak English) always had a cheery &quot;Good Morning!&quot;, &quot;Good Afternoon&quot; or &quot;Good Evening&quot; for you. That's actually quite a tiny thing, but why can't more hotels manage it? I often find reception staff very difficult to understand at London hotels, due to strong non-English accents, but here, although most looked Spanish/had Spanish-sounding names, they all spoke perfect English and understood my northern accent perfectly.The room was above average for the price band. First off, it was very clean and well maintained with no visible shabbiness anywhere. The bathroom was very flash, hotel bathroom, and the heated mirror was much appreciated. Nice big fluffy towels were good.The room is the first hotel room I've been in for a long time that had a tie/belt hanger in the wardrobe. The wardrobe also had an ironing board and iron, plus the ubiquitous tea/coffee making facilities. The bed was comfortable with decent linen.Perhaps the main downside of the room was that TV reception wasn't brilliant: Channel 4 in particular was verging on unwatchable. Also it's a shame that the selection of radio channels available through the TV is so limited and didn't include Radio 4.As well as being a couple of pounds cheaper than the Ibis rack rate, the rate I got here also included breakfast, which was great, as I was struck by how good the breakfast buffet here was. I can't remember everything, but do remember a good selection of fruits, hams, cheese, even gravadlax, plus a full English selection, that varied slightly (different sausages) each day. Scrambled eggs were above average for a hotel buffet breakfast.On my last day, I was surprised and delighted to see freshly made Spanish churros and chocolate sauce, which were delicious and very light. Yum Yum. The one criticism of the breakfast would be that the cooked element is a buffet, and not cooked to order, with the result that some elements could be overcooked or not quite hot enough.We didn't eat in the hotel apart from breakfast. My one top tip to visitors to London would be don't eat in your hotel restaurant, but take advantage of one of the most vibrant restaurant cultures in the world. Use the Hardens guide, the Good Food Guide, Time Out or Zagats (or even better them all and cross reference) or check Metro and the Evening Standard for latest openings.I should mention (especially as I see someone else is reporting a similar problem below) that the first room I was given was a smoking room (they said that that is what had come through from lastminute) which was of course (to a non-smoker) foul and disgusting. But the reception desk staff quickly sorted out a new room with good grace.The hotel's location is good but not great with the Great Portland Street station on the Metropolitan, Circle and District Lines more or less just across the road. Taxis were always easy to find and all taxi drivers knew the hotel without further explanation. It's not quite as good for buses, as most of the services passing the hotel are going east-west along Marylebone Rd/Euston Rd, and not north-south down to the main shopping areas.I would definitely be very happy to stay here again.	
May 26 2008 	Excellent well priced Hotel	Stayed from 17 to 20 May 2008 for my wife's 50th birthday trip and the first thing that turned up when we arrived in our room was a bottle of Cava, nice touch. I had booked this through my Triprewards card points and upgraded to 'The Level' which gave us a great buffet breakfast, use of the Level Lounge and drinks and canapes at night. All seemed good value to me.The room was very well appointed although a little small for what was a 'superior' room.We ate in the Albufera restuarant on our arrival night and the food was well prepared well presented and had good quantities so although the bill was over £100 for two courses and wine you would expect that in any London hotel.Great Portland Street underground station is about 50m away and the bus stop for buses to Oxford St, Regent St, Piccadilly, Trafalgar Sq and Whitehall only 100m away.If I was working or on recreation in london in the future, I would certainly head for here and would recommend for anyone looking for good quality accomodation and good service.	
May 21 2008 	not impressed	We have just returned from a 3night stay at the Melia White House . The room was very small but exceptionally clean . Hairdryer was wall mounted in the bathroom , when did I last see one of those ? Also it did not work !The breakfast buffet was excellent , but the hot buffet was COLD on all of the 3 mornings .The main restaurant lacked atmosphere &amp; the staff were totally indifferent . Not sure how this can possibly be an award winning Spanish restaurant . Who gave them the award &amp; when &amp; more interestingly why ??The hotel advertises it has a gym &amp; separate sauna facility . yes there is a small gym but no female shower or sauna exist &amp; the reception staff were not pleased to be questioned about it . As a female using the Gym you have to trail through the lobby &amp; return to your room for a shower . The male changing room has both the shower &amp; sauna , but the sauna was never switched on .Yes, the hotel is in a good position for transport , and walking . Sol Melia Group now need to update the hotel description and be honest about what is on offer .	
May 19 2008 	Disappointed tired and fed up	Whilst the hotel is in a good location for London's Regents Part and Oxford street I was disappointed with my room and the attitude about resolving my problem.I booked a non-smoking room on 12th May for the 15th and 16th May. When I arrived I was put into a room that had previously had a smoking facility......needless to say I had a poor nights sleep and didn't feel very refreshed for a conference the following day.The staff found me a non-smoking room for the Friday night but when it came to checking out would not reduce the £200 room fee for the inconvenience I experienced. The message I had was too bad, you have to put up with what we've got - thanks for your empathy!!	
May 17 2008 	Comfortable Hotel in Good Location	Recently spent 8 mights at the Meilia White House. We loved the location adjacent to Regents Park and one block from Underground. We stayed in a superior room, which though small - typical for London - was very well appointed. Rooms was spotlessly clean and services was excellent throughout. We noted several problems:1. Using our in-room thermostat to adjust heat/airconditioning was very difficult. The room was often too warm or too cold2. Internet access costs 15 pounds per day3. Housekeeping does not routinely provide washclothes - an oddity in our experience3. There are few dinner alternatives in walking distance and the hotel menu can become rapidly tediousWe thoroughly enjoyed the access to Regents ParkNote: If you stay be sure to include the breakfast buffet. It is worth the extra money.	
May 12 2008 	London WHite House - very recommendable	Nice hotel, with great access to shopping areas, subway, and Hyde Park.The Level service is also great for just a bit more money.	
May 9 2008 	nice location good looking hotel bad attitude of some staff	The hotel itself is an ideal location just 20 minutes walk to kings cross or right next to Great Portland Street or Euston underground station. The hotel itself looks very swish and has a lovely bar (although it was £14.01 for a pint of beer and a glass of wine).On arrival we were offered upgrade to a &quot;superior room&quot; for just 15 pound a night, we went with this and although the room was nice it was still quite small just managing to fit in the kingsize bed and not much elseOverall we were happy with the stay until leaving when they tried to charge us double for the upgrade and although this was sorted out the receptionist said I was calling him a liar?!?! so that ruined it for us really.if you can get a room at a good price then i would recommend it, for the location and it was very clean.but if you're considering paying full price I would look elsewhere.	
May 4 2008	London Weekend	Just spent a weekend with the girls at the Melia White House Hotel. Staff very friendly, rooms not enormous but were clean and had everything you could require. Breakfast was absolutely excellent, vast choice. Close to London Zoo, Regents Park and a 10 min walk from Euston station. Would definately stay here again.	
Apr 26 2008	walls made of paper	we had a serviced apartment for three months at the melia, good location nice hotel as long as you don't expext to sleep you will be fine, walls are paper thin so you can hear everything down to your neighbour turning over in there bed, hairdryers,or flushing of toilet.	
Apr 24 2008	Loved the Melia !!!	I stayed at the Melia from April 12 - 19 with my 16 year old daughter. This was our first trip to Europe and it was fantastic. The staff at the Melia were excellent and very helpful. The concierge helped us throughout our entire stay -- from directions to helping us pick a restaurant. The breakfast buffet is one of the best I've ever had. At times some of the the hot items were cold but overall the food was delicious -- great selection of fresh fruit, cheeses, bread, etc.I would definitely recommend this hotel and when I return to London I will stay here again. A special thank you to Jose Ortega for all his help.	
Apr 12 2008	quiet peaceful hotel	We stayed at this hotel unfortunately for only the one night but certainly intend to go back for a longer break sometime.The booking was made via the hotel website for a room on 'the level' which has its own check-in and check out plus lots of other extras included so feel it is worth paying the extra. Rooms on the level are much larger than the standard ones.We were allocated a quiet non-smoking room as requested and from the pre-arrival conversation that we had with the hotel via the phone about our possible time of arrival to the time we checked out we found the hotel excellent in every way. The staff were very efficient and friendly and the room service food, 'the level' service and the breakfast buffet were suberb.The hotel is right opposite Great Portland Street underground station and only a few minutes walk fro Regents Park underground station. Harley Street, Oxford Street, Regents Park and Baker Street are all close by within easy walking distance.	
Apr 9 2008 	very disappointing!	We stayed at this hotel for one night in January and found it to be excellent - rooms not too large but very well appointed and comfortable. When we planned another trip to London in March we re-booked and discovered a whole new aspect of the hotel! Call girls were very active in the room next to us for the majority of the night. We could even hear them negociating terms. We complained at 3.30pm and suddenly the room next to us was vacated! In the morning the managment apologised but did not seem very concerned. We may be prudish, but would rather not attempt to sleep next to this. If we had a child with us it would have been totally unacceptable.	
Apr 7 2008 	Lovely stay at the Melia White House	My husband and I stayed for 1 night at the Melia White House hotel. We booked through Octopus and got some money off with Nectar points. The hotel is very convenient for the Tube Station, a 2 minute walk away. Our room was ready when we arrived, we had booked a standard room, but it was a good size for a London hotel with a huge, very comfortable bed. The bathroom was small but very clean, and the room had everything we needed.The buffet breakfast offered an excellent choice and the dining room was not too crowded. The staff were friendly and helpful at all times.I would certainly recommend this hotel to friends.	
Mar 25 2008 	Loved this hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights over Easter weekend and it is fantastic. We had a superior room which had the biggest bed I have ever seen, the rooms are really cosy, clean and nicely decorated. The bathroom was small but is big enough and has everything u need. Room service is really quick and the food was fantastic. We also loved the hotel bar which is really cosy with big sofas and a fire, the bar was always quiet and relaxing. The hotel staff were friendly and the location is good, next to regents park, a 10 min walk to oxford street. i would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a bit of luxury at an affordable price.	
Mar 17 2008 	Perfect :)	Perfect hotel in London !Rooms are beautiful, clean and big enough for twoThe bathroom was a little small BUT there was everything you need : bath, hairdryer .. and perfectly clean !All people there are Spanish and are very helpfull ans smilly :)We will defintly go again there on our next stay in London Ps : The &quot;great portland&quot; metro stop is just across the street	
Mar 13 2008	An excellent hotel but don't get caught by the extras.	On the plus side, this is an excellent hotel, clean, air-conditioned, quiet and attractive. We also had an excellent rate of 95 pounds a night. There is a very good breakfast buffet and a tube stop across the road. On the down side, that very good breakfast buffet is expensive, 20 pounds a person. The hotel is in a poor area for travellers; there are no restaurants nearby, and if you don't take the buffet, you have to travel for breakfast. The other thing that infuriated me is that overseas phone calls cost 10 pounds a minute, and as a result of a family emergency back home I received a huge phone bill. If you can get a good rate, this hotel is an excellent choice. But eat breakfast elsewhere, and use a phone card for calls. One of the other reviews on this site mentioned having to register in another building and seeing prostitutes nearby. That wasn't my experience; the registration desk is in the hotel itself, and I saw no untoward activity at night.	
Mar 13 2008 	We loved the Melia White House!!	My partner &amp; I shared a romantic weekend at this hotel, as we were in town seeing Chicago. The hotel &amp; staff wonderful, becasutiful reception area, with marble (very luxurious) and smelt absolutely amazing!!! The staff were a little quiet, but I presume that it's their job to keep their head's down and quite a few of them didn't speak English despite being in the centre of London. The ones seeing to us at breakfast and dinner however, did speak English, so that wasn't a probem. But it gave us the feel that you were really &quot;away&quot; on holiday, which was nice!The room was fantastic, we stayed in a part of the hotel called &quot;The Level&quot;, which is the Executive suite and it truly was worth every penny. I presume, as my partner paid as a valentines treat.The food was fantastic, even though &quot;some people&quot; complained that it took a while for items to be refreshed, we didn't have that problem. There was one occasion where it did take a while for the baked beans to be refilled, but it was extremely busy and the staff just didn't stop, (very professional) so it was understandable that it would take a few minutes longer. Everyone was nagging at them to refresh this or that, or the other and to be fair, it wasn't rocket science to know that items needed attention. People being impatient didn't help. If you do go to this hotel, please don't hastle them, a calm word with an attendant will suffice and it will be dealt with.I really did feel spoilt on this two night stay and didn't want to leave. Even after we had left, the &quot;bell hop&quot; was very helpful and let us leave our bags, so that we could have one final mooch around London before our journey back home. This was free.All in all a great stay!!!	
Mar 10 2008 	Good location	Central location for the West End, 10 minute easy walk to Oxford Street. If you can get a deal which includes a room on 'The Level' this includes breakfast &amp; complimentary drinks &amp; tapas in the evening. As the hotel bar is expensive this is a good way of having a few drinks if you dont want to venture out in the evening.	
Mar 9 2008 	Good Stay	Stayed at ths hotel with my collegue for one night whist in London on business. Got a reduced rate through lastminute.Hotel: Rooms were upgraded upon arrival , spacious clean and comfortable. I would recommend that you ask for a room that does not face main road as there was some traffic noise.We ate in the hotels spanish resturaunt and the food was very nice.Location: great location next to the tube, you can see the hotel from tube exit so very well located. I much prefer design/ boutique hotels so I would not stay for pleasure but I would stay again for business.	
Mar 2 2008 	Recommended but watch breakfast charges!	My husband and I stayed at the Melia White House Hotel last week. Thanks to London Discount Hotels, we got a decent rate (considering our dollar is worth half of the British pound) but I would caution you to get in writing from them that the breakfasts for you and whomever shares your room is included in the price you paid London Discount Hotel. I say this because the hotel tries to charge you and at 21 pounds ($42 US) per person each day if you don't so this is certainly something to work out ahead of time. I had been warned about this by a friend who stayed there and got proof ahead of time in writing from London Discount Hotels so every time the staff tried to charge us, I kept having to pull out the proof -- annoying when you're staying there almost a week but we were very happy to have had the heads up. That said, the breakfast is really generous with choices for every taste from croissants to breads, scrambled and sunny side up eggs, English bacon and sausages, yogurt, cereals and even cold cuts and fresh juices. If you're staying at the hotel, it is really a great deal to get it included each day as you'll eat enough to skip lunch and have some nice scones and tea later in the day before a late dinner. The Spanish staff (It's a Spanish hotel) weren't the best when it came to service but once they saw we tipped generously (for good service only of course), service improved. They must know of the terrible exchange rate Americans get and are wary of them because of smaller tips but we just sucked it up and tried not to think that everytime we tipped someone it was between $4-$10. They offered us an upgrade for an additional cost and when we declined it, they improved the cost so we did upgrade one level up from the basic room. I've heard their basic room is nice but extremely small so I wasn't surprised when their &quot;upgrade&quot; gave us a room that was smaller than a US room but big enough for two people to be comfortable and have a desk and two chairs in it as well. The tv is international with a great selection of channels from Europe and the Middle East -- really nice to see how the rest of the world watches. The rooms are decorated beautifully (soft pillows and really nice linens) and the hallways are done with wood panelling that almost gives you the feel you're on a luxury cruise. Our bathroom was a symphony in black and tan marble but the shower/bath thingy they use there (which includes a weird swinging glass door) tended to leak all over the floor no matter how much you tried not to so be sure to tip the housekeeping staff each day and ask for extra towels. We did make use of the business center to check emails each day (using a machine where you insert pound coins for 10 minute increments but be aware, it took at least 4 times as long for me to do anything on that computer as my dsl at home -- no doubt because they are charging by the minute it isn't in their best interests to provide quick dsl-type service.) And the staff in the business center were pleasant and helpful.The hotel also made sure to include a little card with our hotel keys explaining how they noticed we'd booked through a discounter and how they can guarantee the same rates -- I don't believe that for a second and was very pleased with the service I received from London Discount Hotels in booking this trip. They were really great and I'd recommend them unhesitatingly. My husband and I would definitely stay at this hotel again. It was really nice.Happy Travels to you!	
Mar 1 2008 	Another wonderful Melia Hotel	My wife and I spent one night at the White House in february. As we had earlier stayed at the Melia Berlin, we were expecting a very high standard and cleanliness. I can honestly say we were not disappointed. The hotel is superb and very conveniently located. The breakfast was delicious. We will definately return!	
Feb 29 2008 	Very Nice Hotel	After a little confusion at check-in we finally got settled into our room. The hotel and room were very nice. We upgraded to the Level and it was worth it. The hotel locaion was nice , but there wasn't alot going on directly around the hotel. So, most nights we stayed in the Level lounge and had heavy hordevours and drinks. There are (3) underground stations close to the hotel and you could get anywhere in the city easily from the stations. Overall we had a great experience at the hotel. Since this is a Spanish hotel chain, it seemed that is was geared more to Spanish travellers, but it really wasn't a big deal. I would stay here again.	
Feb 25 2008 	Great Hotel Good cental location.	Just back from 3 nights in the Melia White House. Booked on Alpha rooms.com - a bargain compared to the rates on the hotels website.We arrived at 11am but could not check in until 3pm as per hotel policy. Offered an upgrade to deluxe room at £30 per night but there was a 2 for 1 offer on so total upgrade cost was about £40 - well worth it as the room was very spacious.Location is very central. We took Tube from Heathrow to Hammersmith then transferred lines and took another tube to Great Portland St. From there it was 2mins to hotel. The hotel is served by 3 tube stations and is about 15 mins walk to Oxford St.Service in hotel couldn't be faulted. Bar a little boring but relaxing. We had drinks in the Green Man pub beside the hotel(food there okay but nothing to write home about, service good though).Only one thing we didnt like were the pillows - very uncomfortable however beds were comfy so made up for it.There are 2 restaurants and a cafe in the hotel. Ate breakfast as it was included in the price - otherwise it was £21 (buffet). Lots of choice.Overall would stay here again, Any questions feel free to contact me.	
Feb 24 2008 	Lovely hotel	A friend and I stayed at the Melia White for one night (girlie weekend) and had a thoroughly enjoyable time. The check in staff were lovely, and very friendly. We booked a classic twin but on arrival we were upgraded to a deluxe twin. The entrance and hall ways were lovely and very spacious. Our room was quite small but very clean and the beds were comfortable. The location is very convenient. We travelled from Charing Cross, which was 3 stops to Regents park and then a 3 minute walk to the hotel.The hotel restaurant was quite pricey so we went into Picaddilly Circus where there is loads of choice. On the way back we had a drink in the 'Queen's head and Artichoke Pub' which is on Albany street, about 2 mins walk from the hotel. Both the atmosphere and music were great. The breakfast room was lovely and there was a fantastic choice. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would definitely return to the Melia White hotel.	
Feb 21 2008	Noisy 	Checking in, nice welcome and friendly staff. The booking was for a a standard double,no smoking. The actual room was very small and 2 singles pushed together, pokey and not very clean. the bathroom was falling apart, door frame hanging off and the shower screen was missing. Had a terrible night as next door was slamming the doors at 3.30. In the morning I went down to breakfast, this was a buffet. Being a muslim I don't eat pork, and was horrified when I saw hotel staff using the same tongs to pick up bacon and then pick up some hash browns. I complained to the staff upon checking out, they didn't seem that concerned and just asked me to fill in a form. Next !!! Needless to say I wont be staying there again.	
Feb 17 2008 	Nice Hotel Corridors a bit smelly...	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Melia White House last night for a weekend break in London. We booked the hotel using airmiles, so did not pay for it as such, and it is a lot nicer than the hotels we tend to stay at (as in not cheap and nasty!).The hotel is in a great location, right near Regents Park and opposite Great Portland Street tube station, so very handy.We arrived before lunch and as check in was not till after 3 the concierge kept our bags safe so we could go out for the day. I would say that when we did check in and out there was a huge queue, but that is just because we did it when everyone else did. The hotel was pretty busy this weekend.The room itself was very nice, I believe we had a premium room, so one up from the most basic. It was very clean, had a good selection of toiletries, air conditioning that worked well, TV. The room was non smoking, but the only down side really is that the corridor itself stunk of smoke, so when opening the door we got a whiff of it! I think there must have been a lot of smokers on our floor. The room was quite peaceful apart from the hum of some sort of air conditioning.The breakfast selection was great, including bizarrely, champagne and wine! As well as the usual cakes, fry up, cereals, toast and so on! I was going to have a light breakfast but ended up eating loads as it all looked so nice. We also had a workout in the gym, plenty of running machines and a few weights and steppers and so on. Also a map was available of running routes in the area.The beds were very large, must be king size I think, and very comfortable, and also had duvets which I much prefer to a bed of sheets which always get tangled up.We had a great stay, and I would go back again.	
Feb 13 2008 	Loved London and the Melia White House	Got a very good rate on the hotel website. They had an offer for two nights at the price of one for all of January and February, room only. Only downside was we had asked for a double non smoking room and we got a smoking room for the first night (the alternative was a twin non smoking but we did not want that). Then we could have changed but the smell was not that bad so we decided to stay as we did not want to waste time to move. The standard room is indeed rather small for two people but still ok. Everything is very clean.I appreciated the fact they also had &quot;continental&quot; sockets in the room, although we had an adapter.Staff is kind. If you have their MAS fidelity card you get free national newspaper delivered to your room, late check out when possible (it was in our case) and companion breakfast for free (cost of one is 21 pounds).Location is great, nice area a block away from underground station and bus stops. Would defenetely stay again for the same rate, not sure should I have to pay the full rate.	
Feb 12 2008 	Wonderful breakfast	We stayed at the White House the 7th to the 10th of February 2008. We booked the hotel through a Spanish website where we stated that we wanted a non-smoking double room with one single bed. When we arrived at the hotel they gave us a smoking with 2 beds! When we complained the answer was: If we were to listen to all complaints we would have to give upgrades to everyone... Finally we got another very small room next to the elevator, with a lot of noise all night long. On the positive side is the breakfast that is a full English buffet style breakfast with very nice Spanish additions. Also, we immediately got a late check-out and could keep the room until 3 pm. Would we stay again? No!	
Feb 8 2008 	A little piece of Spain in the heart of London	From the moment you walk in the door it feels like you are on holiday in Spain. The high proportion of Spanish staff and dual language English/Spanish signs make this feel like a sunny oasis of calm far away from being on the edge of busy Euston.The Sol Melia group have transformed this classic old London hotel into an elegant, modern place to stay.I was fortunate to have a Superior room which had ample space and was nicely decorated. The enormous super king sized bed was comfortable and provided a great night's sleep.The breakfast buffet reflected the Spanish influence with a good choice of quality food, including jamon serrano, chorizo and tortilla on offer, and churros for dunking in hot chocolate.There's even cava to drink.I've read some reviewers saying the Classic (standard) rooms are small. But this is London and rooms are generally on the small size. The rest of the facilities still make this a great place to stay, and its an easy walk across the road to Great Portland street underground station or down Marylebone High Street to the heart of the West End.I'm definitely going to stay there again.	
Jan 18 2008	Very good but did not earn top marks!	Housekeeping in this hotel is of the highest standards. No matter the time of day, staff can be found dusting and polishing in the corridors and public areas. The rooms are also cleaned to the same high standards. This is indeed a &quot;classy&quot; hotel with rich carpeting and tasteful decoration throughout. Add to this the polite and friendly staff and you have a very fine hotel indeed, so why did it not earn top marks?First, the bedroom. Ours was a Classic room (which is a standard room) and it had very little space, possibly made worse by the fact that we asked for twin beds. It was very narrow and the space between the ends of the beds and the wall was only 60cm (2 feet), with the space between the edge of one bed and the wardrobe being the same. Access to the wardrobe was not easy and it was a case of &quot;breathe in&quot; before passing alongside the beds! Having said this, it was well furnished, provided everything that was needed and the beds were very comfortable, but it was a tight squeeze. In my view it would be ideal for single occupancy but hopeless for two people with larger than average build. Next time we shall pay for a more spacious Superior room for which prices for upgrade start at GBP 30, even though we are of average build.Second, the bathroom. This was really compact and had a very small washbowl, but did provide everything that was needed, including an efficient shower over the bath, and constant hot water. However the bath itself, which was deep, did cause problems because it was enclosed on three and a half sides, leaving little space for access. It was impossible to reach the taps and let the water run hot, without first scrambling into the bath, so the water that flowed for the first minute or so was cold. I fear that this difficult access would present a real problem for anyone who is elderly, of heavy build or less than mobile.Third, the buffet breakfast. This provided an excellent selection of quality hot and cold foods and wonderful orange juice, but so it should at GBP 21 for guests on a room only basis! However, the &quot;hot food&quot; was seldom that, being at best luke warm. A fresh tray of scrambled eggs brought straight from the kitchen by a chef was as cold as steel. He must surely have known this when he was carrying it. We soon discovered that the only way to ensure that the food was hot was to order an omellete and wait while the chef prepared it.Fourth, the in-room guest information booklet. On-the-ball management would ensure that this is up-to-date at all times. Having checked-in mid afternoon, we thought that it would be nice to have &quot;English Afternoon Tea&quot; with sandwiches, scones and pastries served every day from 3pm - 6pm in Longfords Bar, only to be told by a waitress when we got there that this has not been served for 6 months and more. We then proceeded to The Place where light meals are served 7 days a week from 12.30pm - 10.30pm, to find a notice telling us that The Place opened at 6pm and directing us to a coffee kiosk where we could have &quot;supermarket type&quot; pre-wrapped sandwiches, the price of which we didn't bother to ask. We could, of course, have ordered from &quot;Room Service&quot; and enjoyed a bowl of Onion Soup for GBP 9.56 or a Club Sandwich for GBP 16.31 (including service charge) but since we were not business people on an expense account we decided against this option. The Green Man Pub, 2 minutes walk away and alongside Great Portland Street tube station, provided some excellent food for GBP 7.50 each!!We shall be happy to stay in this hotel on a future occasion, now that we know we must book a Superior Room to enjoy a bit of space and, hopefully, a more spacious bathroom with a bath that has much less precarious access. And we shall be happy, too, to make a return visit to the Green Man!	
Jan 14 2008 	Great hotel but glad I wasn't paying!	I stayed here on a business trip to London, it was booked by my employer and recommended by one of the senior managers so I had high expectations - The hotel did not disappoint. Food in the restaurant was good (And not overpriced), the bar a nice place to spend the evening. The room itself was a decent size (I had a &quot;superior&quot; room) although the standard doubles do seem a little small. The bed was very comfortable and the standard of decor high. The staff were also helpful. Location is decent - Close to Gt Portland St tube, and if you don't mind a bit of a walk you can easily get to Oxford Circus, Marylebone, Regent's Park (Of course), and other parts of central London.If you check out the likes of Lastminute.com you can get some pretty good rates here, and if you can do that (Or your employer is picking up the tab!) it's definitely worth a look...	
Jan 8 2008	Beware of lowest price guarantee.	This hotel group guarantees on its website that if you book through it you will receive the lowest online rate. Should you subsequently find a lower price it says it will match that plus a further 10% discount. If you find a lower rate, however, as I did, you are then directed to the terms and conditions of the offer which state that the lower price must be 'substantially similar' in its booking conditions to those of the hotel. On attempting to claim you will then find that 'substantially similar' is interpreted by them as meaning 'absolutely identical'. This is exacerbated by the fact that any difference in the booking conditions appears to have been imposed by the hotel on the other site, presumably so as to avoid its responsibilities under the guarantee.	
Jan 1 2008 	Excellent hotel	Husband has stayed at this hotel many times on business trips to London. as he had always raved about it he promised to take me there on a trip to London. We stayed in one of the executive rooms and what a bonus. There is seperate check-in, use of the lounge which has complimentary refreshments during the day, evening buffet with free drinks upto about 10pm and seperate breakfast area. Would suggest that if you are there over the weekend, and are using the executive facilities you get in early for breakfast as it does get busy and found that once things were running out, they weren't being replaced! Shame as the Friday breakfast was nice and quiet and there was plenty to choose from, business men musn't have big breakfasts! Rooms were lovely, nice and clean, huge bed, small bathroom but then you don't live in there.Nice and convenient for tube and buses.Loved the lifts - you press a button for the floor you require, then it tells you to go to either lift A, B. C or D, no wondering which one is going to be first,Will definately be back.	
Dec 30 2007 	Excellent couldn't ask for better	Excellent hotel, booked through lastminute.com as one of their top secret hotels, got a bargain £125 for a double with breakfast. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a superior room free of charge. Rooms are large, clean and very well presented. Breakfast was excellent, with anything and everthing you could possible want to eat. Staff were friendly and very helpful. Upon departure we were able to leave our luggage for collection later in a locked room very helpful. Hotel is in an excellent location, the underground stations really are just a couple of minutes away. Helped make our weekend, that bit more special. I would definately return.	
Dec 27 2007 	Best Value Great Service	This is the best you are going to get for the price. Get the Jr. suite so you have some more room (american standard LOL)I actually fit in the shower here!CheersDave	
Dec 18 2007 	OK in the end	My partner booked this hotel ( A double room )as part of a theatre deal as a Xmas present. Our information was that book in time was 2pm however on arrival we were informed that it was now 3pm and our room was not ready but we could have a smoking room so we deceided to wait. 20 mins later we were allocated a room which contained 2 single beds pushed together not even made up as a double. To cut a long story short after more complaining we were upgraded to a superior room which I have to say was superb. Our stay after this was fantastic the breakfast next day was one of the best I have had and although the dining room was a little crowded the food was varied and of a good quality and the staff very helpful. So after a bad start it turned out very well and I would recomend this hotel just be carful of checking in times if you are tired and weary.	
Dec 14 2007 	Feel of Vegas!	Wow, what a treasure, stayed here with friends, and at a cost of only £130 for a twin room on a saturday night. Location is good for Regent Street shopping and Madam Tussards. But the biggest thing about this hotel is the class! It is beautiful, rooms spotless, and has a Vegas feel about it in the hallways, reception and bar areas. A bonus is a pianist playing as you enjoy a chilling evening in the massive and attractive bar area. A wonderfull hotel!	
Dec 4 2007 	Fabulous Hotel	We had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The room was immaculate with a huge queen size bed. The reception staff were extremely friendly. The location was great for us as it was a 15-20 minute walk from Kings Cross and about the same distance to Oxford Street.I love a bargain and after spending a while hunting one down - which is quite difficult for London hotels - I got this as a &quot;Top Secret Hotel&quot; on lastminute.com. We would definitely love to stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 3 2007 	Massive Bed	This was one of the nicest hotels, I have stay in London.The reception staff were pleasant and offered rooms dependant on your preference, rather than just shoving a key at you.We upgraded to a deluxe room, which was spotless and very comfortable. We slept like babies and their was plenty of wardrobe space.My only gripe would be breakfast . I had expected so much but was disappointed. They do put on a large choice, but the problem with that is that all the hot food was luke warm, on the second morning we went continental, as we were put in a different breakfast room because they were so busy and we could not order omelettes.Overall this did not spoil my view of the hotel,apart from the 10% service charge added to drinks in the bar which was unexpected.	
Dec 2 2007 	Good value central London	I was disappointed to find I could not be offered a nonsmoking room, which I had asked for in advance, but the check-in staff were as helpful as they could be, explaining that the computer system had crashed, and so their bookings were in disarray. They upgraded me to a superior room, and it was not detectably smoky, so I felt that they had dealt with a problem well, and left a satisfied customer. The room was large with a huge bed and all the comforts I needed.	
Nov 6 2007 	Great location very clean	Upon arrival at the hotel I explained to the desk clerk that I had be knocked down and escalator at the train station and received a large bump on my forehead. I asked her for some ice to put on it but she showed no interest in my problem and just suggested that I call room service when we got to our room! Other than that the hotel is great. Good location, near to tube stations and restaurants, very clean and nice ambience. The breakfast had a large selection and even mimosa. Loved that. Most of the staff are Spanish or Polish but do speak some English. The modern system for elevators was efficient. We all found that easy to use. The drinks in the bar are very high price. We paid more than 20lbs. or $40. for 3 drinks!	
Nov 1 2007 	Loved the Melia White House	I booked this hotel through lastminute.com on one of their 'top secret' deals. So we got a very good deal for two nights with breakfast in a superior room.Hotel is only two minutes walk from Great Portland St tube. Check in was very quick and efficient. The room was superb, nice and spacious with a huge bed, all clean and lovely fluffy towels. We had dinner in L'albufera restuarant on the first night, which was really nice and again the staff were knowlegable and friendly. Had a couple of drinks in the Longford bar afterwards, which I thought was very reasonably priced considering you're in London!Good entertainment too - guy singing and playing the piano.My only slight niggle (and not serious enough to not give hotel 5/5) was breakfast. The actual food was fine, good selection, but staff seemed a bit uninterested. Omelette chef ignored me completely when I was waiting to order, twice serving other guests who arrived after me. I asked a waitress for a side plate and she said they dont have any - eventually giving me a saucer. As I say nothing major just little niggles.Check out again was very quick and they kept our bags for us until later in the day.All in all, a lovely hotel, which I would thoroughly recommend and definitely return to.	
Oct 29 2007 	Good and bad	My husband and I stayed here for a weekend in October. Our stay got off to a bad start as they only had single rooms available. They upgraded us to a single suite, which was nice, but not what we booked. We were told that we would be moved to a room with a double/queen bed the next day. When I returned from a day out they still hadn't switched rooms and it was obvious they had forgotten. This meant I had to wait for our new room to be ready. The staff were polite and the breakfast in the morning was really good, but I don't plan to stay there again on my next visit.	
Oct 28 2007 	Ok with problems	First problem: The room was entirely too small and when we asked about the room size we were told that we would have to pay for an upgrade. The room was so small that we could not even open our suitcases, the closet was made for a broom at best. So, we felt duped and that it was bait and switch situation. We did change rooms and paid a bigger price for the bigger room. But, we ended up paying way more than we should have. Second Problem: The room carpet needed cleaning. The bathroom needed some upkeep. The toilet seat had cracks in it - not a good thing at all...The bed was comfortable and the bedding very nice. The breakfast was included in our price and was lovely. That was my favorite part of the hotel. The people were not that friendly or helpful with suggestions for dinner etc. I did like the location. There was a pub, tube station, and small grocery close by which was very nice. It was close to Regent's Park and we enjoyed that also. I truthfully do not know that I would stay here again.The bar was nice and I really liked the live music on a couple of nights....	
Oct 21 2007 	Cava for breakfast!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Classy, clean, comfortable, convenient and you get free cava with breakfast!!	
Oct 17 2007 	Great hotel with problems---what a shame	I'm so sorry to give this hotel 2 stars; it really deserves more, but this is an example of how 2 negative experiences can ruin a rating.For one thing, we got an exceptional deal through Priceline at $200 a night. For central London in September and this type of hotel, this is a great, great bargain. The hotel is centrally located with the Great Portland Street tube right across the street and the Regents Park tube down the block. We walked from the hotel to Oxford Street in about 20 minutes. It's not Soho, Covent Garden, but it's still a great location.The lobby is busy, clean and impressive. The staff at the front desk is all Spanish and were in general, courteous. Our room, which consisted of two double beds, two bed tables, mini-bar, a large tv and two desk was very small and cluttered. The hotel should consider eliminating one of the desks to give a little more space. However, small rooms are typical in London so we really weren't expecting anything big and were satisfied. Beside, the bathroom, in turn, was large and everything, in usual Melia style, was well decorated and impeccably clean. Melia might also consider flat-panel tvs as the set was bulky and took up lots of space.We had breakfast the following morning at £20 per person. $40 might seem a lot to US travellers, but for what was served and considering we were in London, I found the price acceptable. It is quite an impressive buffet with lots of meats, pastries, hot items, fruits and an omelette station. For London, it's a good deal to really fill up here and then have a heavy dinner later on.Now, about those two experiences which made me drop my rating: When we arrived at our room, the room was extremely hot (and it was hot outside as well). We turned on the a/c and waited a bit for the room to cool off but the temperature stayed the same and we noticed that no air was blowing from the air ducts. We called the front desk and were transferred to maintenance. The maintenance person told us she would send a technician to the room immediately. After waiting 15 minutes in a steaming room with the hallway door open to let in a breeze, we called the front desk again and rather than receiving an apology, were transferred again to maintenance. This time, we were told that the technician could not be located but as soon as one appeared, they would send him/her to the room. I found this excuse unacceptable as given a hotel this size and of this quality, I can't imagine how a technician can't be located (at least tell me he/she is busy). After waiting another 10 minutes, I went to the front desk to complain and was told that there was nothing to be done but wait for the technician. This really upset me. I am a MaS Card member (Melia's reward program) and have over 60,000 points in my bank. I didn't expect special treatment because of this, but given my loyalty to the chain, they could have easily switched my room or at least been more attentive. We had engagements in London and after an hour, decided to leave; fortunately, the a/c was fixed when we returned later that night.On the following day, I wanted to check some flight information and so tried to log on to the internet using the tv. According to the instructions, we were supposed to be taken to a menu screen when the tv was turned on but this hadn't happened when we'd been turning the tv on. Once again, we called the front desk which of course, transferred us to maintenance. The maintenance person walked me through the procedure and despite my repeated assertions that we had no menu screen, she refused to believe that the tv could actually turn on directly to tv channels rather than to the menu. After going back and forth with her for 5 minutes, she finally decided to send a technician who arrived 15 minutes later. The technician found an unattached wire which when attached, took us to the menu. Once again, while I understand mistakes happen, the manner of resolution is important to me. Rather than arguing over whether or not my tv turned on to the menu, in a hotel of this caliber, maintenance should've sent the technician right away. I will have no hesitation staying at the Melia White House again. It's a great hotel in a great location and I can't discount it forever because of two bad experiences. However, on this occasion, the hotel did not live up to expectation and thus, the two stars, I believe, are merited.	
Oct 16 2007 	Great hotel comfy room and amazing breakfast!	I loved this hotel and it all felt really classy when we arrived. Lovely big reception area and all very clean. Our room was small but the bed was huge and SO comfortable. Really nice sheets too. The breakfast buffet in the morning was exceptional. Everything tasted brilliant and so much choice. Really friendly staff as well. The hotel is an easy walk away from central London but after a day walking around, the journey back at night felt quite long. No need to take a bus though. Highly recommend!	
Sep 23 2007 	A very ncie hotel in the heart of London	A very nice hotel with very friendly staff. Now offically a 4 star hotel id I;m not mistaken.100 metres away from Great Portland Street Tube Station and only 5 mins walk from Warren Street Tube Station.Lovely rooms - very spacious and very clean. Internet and decent tv channels on offerVery well kept corridors and communal areasVery nice breakfast, if not a little pricey to be honest. However, what we had was very nice and a good choice was avaiable tooCheck online for cheaper night rates	
Sep 16 2007 	Be Very Selective!	Okay, the hotel is very oppulent, nicely situated and the staff are helpful (though some a little hard to understand). I am an American and live in England (last 35 years) and we visit London often. We stayed here as a part of a Hilton Group offered hotel/theatre package, but quite frankly I could have done better arranging my own trip. This hotel really is all about &quot;front&quot; - what you see is not necessarily what you get. The standard rooms are VERY small, especially the bathroom and the soundproofing is non-existent - we could hear our neighbour snoring (among other things!). The &quot;fancy&quot; lift (elevator) procedures are a little confusing for most folks as is the lighting operation in the rooms. Money would have been better spent on making the standard rooms a little larger. As for their breakfast - WELL, we only tried it to see what on earth a £20 ($42) per person breakfast could be like (more money than sense). Take my word for it - it is certainly NOT worth it! Go two blocks down from the underground station and get a PROPER Full English Breakfast for between £4 and £8 each, depending on what you choose. At least there you will have a table of your own and not be seated at a &quot;group&quot; table with strangers. For that money I'd like my own table. I think in future we will stick with Premier Travel Inn or even Holiday Inn. Half the price, larger rooms, much cheaper and better breakfast and PRESTO - you get on the lift, punch your floor in and zoom - off you go. No hanging about to wait for a digital read-out to tell you which of 4 different &quot;boxes&quot; to get into and you just flip a switch to turn the lights on in your room. Magic! Mind you - the theatre part of the package (We Will Rock You @ The Dominion Theatre) was absolutely fab - don't miss it!No, we were not impressed with this hotel and if the Management reads this please send my refund to my home address which you have - we were in room 135 on 14 Sep 2007.	
Sep 15 2007 	Very nice hotel great location!	This hotel was really nice rooms were gorgeous, breakfast was very nice and plenty of it. it was only 10minute walk to oxford street and there was a tube station straight across the road... perfect location. really enjoyed it and i would return to same hotel next time i am in london!! only down side was bathroom was small but very nice and also very clean.	
Sep 12 2007 	Delightful Hotel	As part of our Honeymoon theatre break, my wife and I stayed at the Melia White House and cannot praise it highly enough,The Melia is part of a Spanish leisure group, so natch the majority of staff were Spanish. The Reception was immaculate and clean.Our room was fantastic, Air conditioning and a huge King Size bed, ideal for a chunky chap like myself. The standard of housekeeping in the bedroom was very high.We loved this hotel as it was close to Warren St and Great Portland St underground stations so travel to the west end was very easy.Our only gripe was the price of the Breakfasts at nearly £20 a head it was a bit excessive.A delightfully clean and well managed hotel, we would have no hesitation in returning for another stay	
Sep 3 2007 	excellent service and location	my boyfriend and I stayed at the Melia White hotel for one night and thought it was an excellent hotel. The staff were all very helpful and polite. We booked a standard double but were upgraded to a deluxe room on arrival for no extra charge. The room was lovely and decorated to a high standard &amp; the bed was massive! We didn't have breakfast at the hotel and there were many cafes and shops nearby to eat. Overall i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a centrally located hotel in London.	
Sep 3 2007 	why does anyone stay here???	why does anyone rate this hotel? it's everything that's bad about london - snooty, the staff can hardly speak english when you phone up, the bookings are a mess (not only us who were fed up in reception) and the service is sloppy. totally overpriced....the only good thing about it is the location, so you can go somewhere else quickly when you've had enough of this place.	
Sep 1 2007 	An oasis	I booked this as one of lastminute.com's 'Top secret hotel' offers - but I had worked out which hotel it was from the description (I live not too far away). Wanted a conveniently located overnight place to stay with partner - complicated! Location is very convenient - short bus or cab to several mainline stations, 10 minute walk to West End, underground 2 minutes away, Regents Park next door, Camden Town &amp; zoo 5 minutes on the bus. We paid £89 for a standard double which had all the usual things you'd expect, plus queen size bed. Don't understand why the communal areas and corridors are so spacious and our room was so tiny! But I did like it v much, having a bit of a penchant for plush carpets, mirrors, black marble etc etc. Very comfy and snug. Also, air con.Staff friendly and helpful, many of them Spanish, spanish chain.Bar, restaurants etc all very nice - I will deffo drop in from time to time to use these facilities now I know about them (open to non-residents)!	
Aug 31 2007 	Lovely relaxing hotel	This is a really nice traditional hotel, rooms are lovely above abergae size for London, King Size beds and clean bathroom. As long as you get a good rate this is excellent value for money.Location is practically right across from Great Portland St and 5-10minute walk from Euston.Service is good hotel is very clean, would recomeend to anyone. Overall fantastic will definitely go back	
Aug 29 2007 	Overpriced for the value	We stayed at the Melia White House for four nights and thought it was all presentation. The positives were that it was somewhat conveniently located, every cab driver knew where it was, it was very close to a tube station, and the breakfast was very good. The main negative was that for an expensive hotel, the service was not very good. The staff was nice but completely unhelpful and unintelligent. For example, we were meeting up with my sister-in-law who had arrived at the hotel the day before and were expecting to meet her when we got to the hotel. She had left a handwritten note for us at the front desk, and the front desk failed to give us that message when we checked in. Instead they gave us the message hours after we checked in, explaining that they could not give us the note earlier because they did not have a room number to match the note to. I.e., they could not figure out how to leave a note for us to give us when we checked in. Thus, we sat in the hotel lobby for an hour just waiting for my sister-in-law, not knowing that she'd be late because the hotel front desk didn't give us any messages when we asked if there were any. That's just one example of their complete unhelpfulness. In addition, we reserved a king sized bed and instead got two twin beds pushed together. We were told that there were no more rooms with an actual king sized bed, even though we checked in early. All in all, I would say that the fact that this hotel was convenient to get to was the ONLY reason worth staying there.	
Aug 29 2007 	Highly recommended with the right offer	I can simply say I enjoyed my stay in this hotel. I would recommend it for special occasions and for romantic weekends in London.	
Aug 22 2007	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at the Melia Whitehouse for our anniversary on 19/20th August and can't fault the hotel, we had noted on our booking that it was a special occasion and can honestly say the hotel made it even better for us, we were allowed to check in early, we were upgraded to a superior room and all the staff from the check in staff to the cleaning staff were courteous and pleasant.Facilities and location were excellent, the selection at breakfast great, they were very busy on our first day for breakfast but rather than allow anyone to wait they redirected us to the Royal Lounge to prevent queuing.In all we can't wait to return and I hope to take my Mum for her birthday later in the year.	
Aug 19 2007 	Enjoyed a weekend at the Melia	The check in service was great, very efficient and they allowed us to check in earlier than the standard 3pm time. The staff at the front desk were very friendly and helpful.The location was ideal for access to Regents Park and for visiting London Zoo. Came in late after a concert, made the mistake of ordering a couple of drinks without checking the prices first - moral of the story is check the prices first as the bar is extortionate. The bar staff were also considerably more surly than the staff at the front desk...! On the whole, a very good experience - would recommend this hotel based both on location (tube station is a minute's walk away and Regent's Park just around the corner) and also comfort and hospitality.	
Aug 9 2007	Superb Hotel	This hotel exceeded all our expectations. The accomodation was excellent, very comfortable beds and every amenity you could wish for. The cleanliness and order of the room was excellent.The staff are courteous and helpful .We took Royal Service when booking which was well worth the extra cost. The Royal Service lounge is an ideal place to relax and drinks are available all day. In the evening canapes and alcoholic drinks are on offer. Breakfast was wonderful, everything you can think of, well presented and always replenished on time.Would strongly recommend this hotel for quality, price and location. Will be looking no further than the Melia next time we go to London.	
Jul 31 2007 	Splendid!!	We decided to have a weekend break to pamper ourselves from work stress and tension. We decided to choose this hotel based on its very good price value. We book directly from hotel's website a superior deluxe room with a £140 per room per nite including breakfastThe room is marvelous! It has a huge bed - a king bed with a very stylish and classy deco. Very comfortable. Tv cabinet with refrigrator and mini bar, coffee &amp; tea facility. Large in size and all marble bedroom. Iron and ironing board, safe box. Internet access, a coffee table and 2 chair for tea. Beautiful bathroom with decent size, bath with great shower, all over tilesThe breakfast is the best breakfast we've ever seen in any hotels in Europe! It has everyhting....from pancakes to waffles to all kind of muffins, danish and bread, cook from order omelletes and full english breakfast with all kind of sausages!!The lobby is very stylish, all marble and very posh in decorationIt just 4 stop tube from victoria station if you stop in warren street tube station via victoria line and walk just 10 mins to the hotel. The hotel is just opposite the great portland street tube station To be perfectly honest, this hotel is much better quality from Marriot Park Lane, London I would definitely stay here again - with the room price, it is definitely very good value! But if you hate the classic deco and prefer modern, simplistic deco - this hotel is not for you	
Jul 30 2007	Nice but with a few catches	We stayed at the Melia White House for 9 nights in July. We had requested a Queen bed, but forgotten to mention that we'd do a late check-in. When we arrived, the friendly receptionist asked if we wanted an upgrade. We decided not to have it, as it cost £25 per night, and we were staying for so many nights. I think they had hoped we'd agree to upgrade, as there wasn't any rooms with Queen beds left for us! It was the only thing we requested, but they still couldn't fulfil it. We gave the receptionist a disappointed glance and agreed to take a twin room for our first night, and then switch to a room with a queen bed the next day. So we got our key cards, and went to find our room.When we arrived at the room, we heard the phone ringing inside. We didn't open the door quick enough to answer it, but then someone knocked at the door. It was the receptionist, and she appologized for the inconvenience, but one of the other receptionists had checked in a family who were to have two rooms, and only marked one room in their database. So, as they'd messed up twice, we got an upgrade for free. Yey! So we were a lot happier. The room we got had a huge bed, quite a lot of space and was nicely decorated. There was a small cupboard with mirrors. The bath room wasn't huge, but still a good size. There was a glass door over the bathtub, so no water on the floor after showers. It was a bit dark though, but not too bad. Had one robe and one pair of slippers, but didn't use it so no problems there.The only problem with our room was the air conditioning. It was either too cold or too warm. If we left it at 22 C, it felt as if it varied between 17C and 25C. When we wanted it a bit more than the freezing 17C, warm air came out of the vents almost at ceiling level. So that meant having a room where the top half was too warm, and the bottom half too cold... Not too happy about that.Our feelings for the staff were mixed. The waiters at the cafe styled restaurant were very friendly. The receptionists, concierges and bell hops were sometimes a bit cold and not very service minded. The maids forgot to replace the face cloths in the bathroom, but when I happened to mention it to the Maid manager one day, she made sure I had all the face cloths I wanted. People staying at this hotel should be aware of two things: The mini bar is weight sensitive, and will report that things have been removed just because you moved the bottles around. You need to pay £5 per night to use the mini bar! Also, there's a construction site very close by, and it didn't look as if it was to be finished in 2007. It's quite noisy!So the hotel was good, but there were some catches.	
Jul 15 2007	Wonderful hotel!	I am in love with the Melia White House! I stayed there 2 nights recently, and I can tell you that the hotel surpassed my expectations in every way. The location was excellent, just across the road from a tube station and next to Regent's Park. The room and bathroom were very tastefully decorated, and comfortable. The breakfast was superb. But the icing on the cake was the staff. Without exception, the staff were extremely friendly and helpful, which is unfortunately not that common in London hotels. Most of the staff were foreign - Spanish, South African etc. Could this be the reason? I will definitely stay here again.	
Jul 15 2007	A nice hotel if you can get a good rate.	There was a small queue at check in when we arrived but we were seen quite quickly. I reminded the receptionist that i had emailed ahead asking for a king room and an interconnecting twin room, for my teenage son and daughter, which the hotel had acknowledged and i produced the email. I was checked into two king rooms next door to each other. I had to get the rooms changed even though i had pointed all this out initially at check in. The receptionist apologised and said they didn't have any king/twin interconnecting rooms. I asked why the email reply had said that the request had been noted and that there had been no mention that this was not possible. She didn't know the answer so my initial introduction to the hotel was, to say the least, frustrating. Rooms were allocated on the same floor but a long way apart on different corridors, not ideal but we seemed to have no other option.The standard rooms ARE very small as has been previously mentioned but the rooms were very smart, comfortable and clean. The bathrooms were also very small but both the bedrooms and bathrooms provided everything one needed in such a small space. The air conditioning was very efficient. I could hear people talking in the room next to me but don't know if they were just loud or whether the walls are thin. We liked the 'feel of Spain' throughout the hotel and found the staff to be very friendly.We had breakfast because we are MaS card holders and if you book a room only rate you can get two breakfasts for the price of one if there are two of you staying in a room. The breakfast is £20 each but for 4 of us (2x MaS card holders) we paid £40 which of course worked out at £10 each which wasn't too bad. We requested advice on their food items as one of our party has a serious allergy and they said they couldn't be sure about any of the things we queried. This didn't give us a lot to go on so our allergy sufferer ate very little. (There are cafes nearby which do cheaper breakfasts). The quality of the breakfast items was very good and there was a good choice.Overall we liked the hotel but would only stay again if we got a good rate. We got a good offer from a special promotion Sol Melia were doing. MaS card holders get emails with special offers so another good reason to join up online.	
Jul 5 2007 	Nice hotel	Excellent location next to Regent's Park. (Must see) Underground station on next block. Was there for 2 days on business with business partner; neither us experienced any of the problems noted by others. Both of us had very nice, spacious (for Europe) rooms. Helpful staff. Only complaint was the very expensive bar.	
Jul 4 2007 	Okay but nothing at all special	Everything works vey well, the staff are friendly and efficient, the rooms are clean (if very small)and the plumbing is good. Somehow though it is all a bit old-fashioned.My only real complaint was the restaurant where the starter was great but the main course was not at all good - over dressed, over cooked and over priced. The restaurant service was very lacklustre.The on-line price was pretty good for London at this time of year, though.I won't be rushing back.	
Jul 2 2007 	Spain in London	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights recently for business purposes for him a pleasure for me. It was chosen for it's location as it was close to where he was working. It was not cheap at £230 a night, rising to £298 for a Saturday night. I definitely do not think it was worth it. We took the Royal Service option which had a seperate check in desk but he only found this after he had queued at the main desk for 15 minutes! The hotel is situated right beside a tube station so it is very hand for travel around the city. The room left a lot to be desired, we had requested a king bed but got two small singles with a large piller between them so no change of pulling them together, and believe me they were small singles. A table had been placed beside one of the beds that meant you could only get out one side so we moved the table under the desk (the maid continued to move it back each day which was extremely frustrating!). The room itself is extremely small and if this was a Royal Service special room I hate to think what the standard double is like.The bathroom has to be the worst we have ever had. The bath was situated in a long dark corridor and you had to climb over the edge to get into the shower which was at the far end of the dark corridor. It has to be seen to be believed. If you were elderly or infirm there is no way you could have got in to use it. It is extremely dangerous and I am amazed they get away with using these rooms. The rest of the bathroom was very small. We got one pair of slippers and on the last day they finally left out a second pair. No robes.The breakfast was in the Royal Service lounge and was a full buffet but it was dreadful. Cold every day. Even when the new fried eggs would come out they would be freezing. We complained each morning and each time they said thank you for bringing it to their attention but did nothing. The main breakfast area for the rest of the hotel must be where the other reviewers had their breakfast as I can not reconcile our visit with their rave reviews.The staff found it hard to understand us as they are all spanish, we did not meet one english staff member in all our stay there. I know it is a spanish chain hotel but we would have expected to have some english staff working there. There was a constant stream of spanish visitors staying and they all spoke with the staff in spanish very loudly. Not quite what we had expected in the centre of London.The lounge area is spacious and we visited it a number of evenings. The alcholic drink is free and there are some hot nibbles left out on the buffet to tempt you. Finally, there are large construction works happening next door to the hotel and the noise is unbelievable from 8am each morning right through until 6pm. The hotel does not mention this anywhere on their website but be prepared. If you want to stay in your room during the day, you won't be able to due to the noise. Luckily they did not work on Sunday so we had one day of silence!I definitely would not return to this hotel regardless of it's location. there are plenty of other hotels in the area that have to be better.	
Jun 30 2007 	Loved it but....	The purpose for our overnight stay in London was to go to the Snow Patrol concert at the newly opened O2 arena at Greenwich. With this in mind I was looking for a hotel on, or close to, the Jubilee underground line. The Melia White House fitted the bill perfectly as it is only one stop from Baker Street and easy access to the Jubilee line - brilliant! The hotel reception was very welcoming and we were soon checked in, this is where a bit of disappointment creeps in.....We paid £135 for the night through Last Minutes' 'Top Secret Deals' (knew where we were going, so not much of a secret before we booked!!) and I believe that for this they reserve the tiniest spaces in the hotel and call them bedrooms!Yes it was beautifully done, the bed was huge BUT you could not let 2 people pass one another :( As for the bathroom , it can only be described as a bathcupboard... The door HAD to open into the room because inside there was not even room to turn round, let alone undress.(You went in forwards and came out backwards)On a more positive note, the breakfast was great, there is something quite decadent about being offered champagne (cava) for breakfast and drinking it!!! Because we were only there for one night, the hotel was just what we wanted for many reasons, the main one being its location. The hotel is very Spanish, it was spotless and the room was tastefully done but if I had to stay any longer than one night, the lack of space in the room that we occupied would probably send me mad!!!!!Would I stay here again? Yes, but for one night only!! (Also only if the price was right)	
Jun 4 2007 	Excellent	Booked through Late Rooms on the morning and got a deal. Double room was £245 with breakfast but managed to get room only for £105. Had a great day/night. Lovely clean room, staff very friendly, hotel is clean with lovley decor and in a great location for transport etc. Great jazz pianist in the bar as well. I certainly recommend and will visit again.	
Jun 3 2007 	Fab hotel in an excellent location!	We booked an overnight stay at the Melia White House Hotel through 'Superbreaks', which was by far the cheapest deal we could find on the net- would recommed this way of booking for anyone. The hotel was excellent- polite and welcoming staff at the Reception desk, immaculate throughout and a very comfortable bed (which is just what you need after pounding some of London's most famous streets!) The hotel's location is fab! We walked from Kings Cross, which only took 20 mins, but the tube station (Great Portland Street, 1 stop from Kings Cross) is directly opposite the hotel. It is ideally placed for Madam Tussards, Oxford Street, Regents Park, London Zoo and Baker Street. We stayed at this hotel as we went to a concert at Wembley Arena which on the Metropolitan Line was only 2 stops from Great Portland Street. The breakfast was fine- lots of choice and as good as any other busy 4* London hotel. We recommend this hotel as a super base to explore London! Well done to the Managers and Staff. Rachael and David Richardson	
May 24 2007	elegant Hotel at a reasonable rate	I stayed at the Melia White House Hotel in May, 2007 and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. I was quite surprised at how upscale my room was -- although small, it was elegantly appointed and the bathroom was as updated as the room. The public facilites and lobby were also quite surprisingly upscale, given the reasonable (for London!) room rate. While a little off the beaten track at Regents Park, the Hotel is almost directly across from the Great Portland tube station, which made the rest of London very accessible.Staff were attentive, although i did not think the concierge desk was quite as knowledgeable as some I have encountered in London. I did not feel up to a $40 (U.S.) breakfast at the Hotel -- and took my breakfast at a pret a porter behind the tube station. That was the only negative in the visit -- since other hotels I have stayed at have been adjacent to reasonable breakfast places. This pret a porter was quite good in the quality of the food and coffee, but definitley not upscale.For the price, I would definitely stay here again. I thought it was an excellent value.	
May 20 2007 	Great place to stay	Booked this as a Top Secret hotel from Lastminute, except that it was easy to work out which hotel this was. Got a good deal on a Saturday night of £115 per room, bed and breakfast. Bit more than my usual budget, but I was staying in London at short notice. I arrived at 12 noon and received prompt attention, it didn't surprise me that my room wasn't ready as check in wasn't for a couple of hours, so left my luggage with the helpful concierge and went off shopping.Arrived back late afternoon and went to my room to discover I had been allocated a Superior Double room. I was really pleased. Lots of space, comfy 6ft bed and nice bathroom. The breakfast was lovely too, no trying to disguise cheap orange juice here (as it seemed to be fresh), pancakes and waffles available as well as english or continental breakfast.I did smell the smoke in the lobby as I came back from a night out, but as I didn't use the bar, this didn't worry me and will be sorted in July when the smoking ban comes in. I didn't have a problem with the lift buttons either and the system was explained when I checked in.If I can get this hotel for a good price the next time I am in London, I will definitely consider it. The close proximity to Great Portland Street tube is a real bonus.	
May 11 2007 	Incredible hotel	We traveled to London with our 4 children over spring break. The hotel was wonderful. We booked the trip through a travel agent and got an incredible deal. Breakfast was included every morning. The food was good. The hotel was really nice. It was in a great location. We could walk to Regents Park, the zoo, Madame Tussaud's, Bond Street, Oxford Street. There was an underground stop right across the street. Rooms were very roomy. Because we have a larger family--2 teenage girls, a son and a younger daughter, we sometimes have a hard time squeezing into a room. When the kids were all little, we could all fit into one room. Mom and dad and the babies in one queen bed and the toddlers in the other. Now that the kids are grown up, that obviously doesn't work anymore. We sometimes have to get three rooms to make it work. The rooms at Melia White House were roomy enough that we were able to very comfortably have the three girls share a room and then Mom, dad and son in the other. The staff was friendly. Rooms were very clean. The hotel concierge was able to help us get tickets for some attractions	
May 11 2007 	Wow!	What a change! Stayed here 14 years ago and now it will soon be a 5 star hotel. THE best breakfast we have ever had in Europe(30+ trips) Rooms are about the same size-bathrooms marble-great location for both the bus and the tube. We booked through American Airlines with out tickets. My wife loved the wine and chanpagne for breakfast(included)everything you could think of was served. Loved it.	
May 10 2007	Good Value business class hotel	About 10 to 15 mins walk from Euston Station and 2 mins to Regents Park. The hotel was clean, neat and tidy and clearly professionally run. I found the settings cosmetically nice and decorated to a high, although some might say slightly old fashion standard. The hotel was taken over in 1999 by a Spanish group and they seem to have improved the place. The bedroom was, as expected, clean net and a good size with 6 pillows!!! Two restaurants offering catering to appeal to most people – the ‘posh’ restaurant did seem to be a bit expensive but one has to expect that. I found the décor in the main lobby and bar area very appealing and done to a high standard. Staff were professional and a pleasure to deal with. You need to book ahead to get the standard rooms – after this the price goes up a lot.	
May 7 2007 	Go on- treat yourself!	We booked The Melia White House on a “Top Secret” deal with last minute dot com which saved us a fortune. We were so impressed with this hotel the first time we stayed, we booked another visit on our return. Lovely reception –marble floors and chandeliers, staff reasonably friendly, courteous and well turned out. Tough on one occasion we waited for forty minutes to check in as our room wasn’t yet prepared despite arriving after 4 pm. Whilst waiting in the bar we ordered drinks - a small bottle .of beer and baileys which totalled an extortionate £14.00!!!Standard rooms are quite small, but of a high standard. Ours was tastefully decorated and immaculately clean throughout. Fixtures and fitting were all good quality as were beds, towels and bathroom products.Our superior room was very spacious and had good facilities: internet, well stocked mini bar, etc and a HUGE comfortable bed. Nice bathroom lots of extras immaculately clean with great view over Regents Park. Easy to commute to – fairly central. Lots of things to treat yourself to during your stay.Piano bar with entertainment, some evenings, though as I mentioned before – drinks were expensive.Breakfast was fantastic; if you stay there yourself I would recommend you try it at least once. Continental or full English, selection of yogurts, cheese and cured meats. Extensive range of fruits fresh and dried, DIY muesli, champagne and strawberries. It was all excellent and I regret not eating in the restaurant in the evening.Would definitely recommend this hotel, comfortable with a degree of luxury. Well located. Lovely rooms. A real treat -Get the upgrade!	
May 4 2007 	Expensive but excellent location	Booked this hotel as a Top Secret Hotel on lastminute knowing beforehand which one it was, and was much cheaper than the usual rate, of which I am glad.Upon check in I was told that my partner, who was arriving later would have to sign the form, even though it was me who was paying for everything! Room was very small, and the furniture was a bit on the shabby side. Having seen the room it then made sense why they advertise throughout the hotel about upgrades from £25, in my opinion if you can afford it go for the upgrade. Food in the restaurant was lovely, and be warned, the portions are enormous! Staff in the restaurant however, are a bit pushy and kept trying to get us to order extra things we really didn't want or need. Particularly another coffee when i was still halfway through the first. Cannot fault the cleanliness of the hotel throughout, but staff are not the most attentive, and it took speaking to 2 different people to obtain a bucket with ice, and despite asking for an additional wine glass it never appeared and i ended up using a tumbler for the champagne.	
Apr 26 2007 	Expensive but quality	This is a large hotel in central London. I have stayed here twice. Once in a standard room and later in a suite. The quality of the standard room was only just above average but comfortable.The suite was very good with a very large double bed. Nice bath room. All staff encountered were very friendly and helpful.Breakfast was extensive, but the hot food could have been hotter! The bar area is very comfortable with lots of sofa's.The hotel does not have any direct car parking and local parking is expensive.There is also a gym and sauna, but I did not use them.I would stay here again.	
Apr 23 2007 	Excellent hotel tiny standard rooms	This hotel was booked through Hotwire for a vastly discounted rate even compared to the Melia website weekend rates. On arrival I asked about an upgrade but was told they were full so they weren't able to oblige. I went up to the room, only to spend about 5 minutes in it and decide to go back and ask for a room change. The room was immediately behind the lifts, the mechanics and bells could clearly be heard, as well as it being very dark and small. Seriously the standard rooms are so small and the bathrooms possibly the smallest I have ever seen in a four star hotel. Reception were perfectly pleasant and found me a junior suite on the top floor, at the end of the corridor overlooking Regents Park. The room was lovely and bright thanks to the west facing aspect and was clean, tidy and smelt beautiful. The rest of our stay was superb including the service received from the staff (no language issues at all) to the excellent singer in the bar of an evening. I would certainly return to the Melia again, fingers crossed for another great Hotwire rate!	
Apr 16 2007 	Excellent and flexible	Agree with most everything in other reviews. The place has a luxury, marbled, serving-your-every-whim kind of feel to it and the standard room was weighing in at £105/night, booked on the morning of the stay.The A/c in our room wasn't working which we only realised when we got back around 10.30pm. Who'd have thought you'd need it in London in April? But we did and after checking at the desk and getting someone to come up and say that the cold air wasn't blowing, they happily moved us and upgraded us which would have been worth the £25 that would othersie have been payable. Checkout smooth and well-handled. Will definitely be staying there again - suits our needs and location requirements.	
Apr 15 2007 	A real gem	Booked this hotel through [--] at a great rate which included a superior room and full breakfast. We had a great room with lovely furniture. The bathroom, although a little small had everything we needed. This hotel is very well situated for getting around London. We drove up from the West Country and, unsure where to park, asked the advice of the doorman who was happy for us to park outside the hotel for £10! The hotel has a lovely bar where, after a night out we enjoyed some exceptional jazz piano. This was a real bonus! The staff in the hotel are very friendly and efficient. There are plenty of them and the level of service was the equal of any hotel we have stayed in before in London. Our advice is: get a good deal and you won't go wrong with this hotel. We will be back!!	
Apr 3 2007 	Excellent value very Spanish	Booked the day before through lastminute.com (&quot;secret hotel&quot; but easy to identify from the description) for £98 per night with an excellent buffet breakfast (although there was some mix up when an officious staff member said this included only one breakfast despite clearly booking 2 adults per room - after discussion with a manager they apologised and common-sense prevailed). Otherwise staff - mostly Spanish - were very friendly and helpful. The hotel has a very Spanish feel, and is familiar if you have stayed in Melia hotels in Spain, with widespread marble and opulent fittings. We were not able to try the main restaurant but the menu looked intriguing. Very pleasant bar with piano. Excellent location with 3 tube stations nearby, next door to Regents Park and 10 to 15 minutes walk to Oxford Street / Soho.Would definitely recommend this hotel for a weekend in London if you can get a good deal on the price.	
Mar 23 2007 	Fan-Tab-Ulous Darling!!	Stayed here after being stranded in London unexpectedly. At that point only something superior could ease my stress from my nightmare travel experience and believe me this Hotel certainly did!! The nice folks at Disney put me up in a suite, and can I just say one word: STELLAR. The room was just fantastic- neat, well presented and clean! I loved the design- understated and not too old fashioned. I have stayed in some of the best and the worst hotels in the world and certainly in our nations capital- and this ranks for me in my top 3!  It really is superb and so well located if you are on the Tube. The breakfast buffett alone makes it worth the trip - yummmmmmy! ha! I wouldnt hestitate to recommend it- well worth the money and not too expensive considering its excellence!!	
Mar 12 2007	Nice enough-but with some drawbacks	Much of what the other reviewers have said I would agree with...I had originally booked a deluxe room but I had an offer from Airmiles for a standard room which meant I could get a free stay rather than paying a little under £300 for 2 nights for the upgraded room, in hindsight I would rather have had the better room.The standard rooms are very small, there is just enough space to get past the bed (about 18 inches from the foot of the bed to the ajoining wall). The bathroom could be a struggle for a person of 'generous' proportions getting in and out of the shower (over bath) will be a problem if you are elderly and the floors are very slippery if you have wet feet.Noise from your neighbours and the traffic are very noticable, one night I had to leave my tv on (to get to sleep) to stop me hearing the people in the next room, not that they were over noisy, its just the walls are not soundproof and you hear lots!! One of the selling points of the deluxe rooms is they are soundproofed, something you may want to think about.The chain, I believe, is a Spanish one and consequently attracts a large number of guests from Spain and Portugal where smoking is more common, so I was not surprised to see the number of smokers puffing away in the public areas. Its funny how you get used to a smoke free atmosphere and how you notice when its not.Getting there can be easy if you are coming from Heathrow, tubes and trains make it a simple journey, from Gatwick is a bit more complicated so study the tube maps carefully. London underground can be very expensive for one way travel, buy a day pass it's a much better deal.Breakfast was included with the room and there is plenty of choice, you can have full English or you can have European style meats cheese pastries etc. However the English food was often cold by the time you got to eat it.The cleanliness of the rooms and the friendliness of the staff is second to none, they always had a smile for you and always spoke to you when you passed.I liked the lifts (once you get used to them).Walking time to the shops (Oxford Street) is about 15 minutes, but the tube is not on a convienent line for most attractions so you either need to walk to Warren Street (about 10 mins) or change once you are on the system). Oxford street is like any other high street in the UK all the brands are there so it may not be you choice if you want to see something different, it is close to Liberty's and Carnaby Street however.All in all I may stay at this hotel again but definately not in a standard room, you can ask at the desk for an upgrade they sell them from £25 (wether that is per room or person I do not know) I wish I had. But it is clean it is very friendly and it is a short walk away from lots of the touristy bits and it is right next to a tube station, and it is a good price for a central London hotel.	
Mar 11 2007 	Excellent location lovely hotel.	We bought tickets to go and see the musical Billy Ellliot for Saturday 10th March and wanted to stay in a hotel that was better than a budget hotel without being charged a fortune.This hotel certainly filled the criteria. We paid £96.35 for their standard double room, which was beautiful.We were offered an upgrade but figured that this wasn't necessary for the amount of time we were going to spend in the room.The decor of the room was very tasteful with a 6 foot bed (2 singles together). Fantastic, lots of room to stretch out. although the bathroom wasn't large, it was well fitted and the shower was powerful. Just what you need after walking round London for the day!The location is perfect with Great Portland Street tube station 2 minutes away.Breakfast was too expensive, approximately £20 per head ,but a short walk to Marylebone High Street has many patisseries and lovely cafes serving high quality food at reasonable prices.We would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 24 2007	birthday stay	we booked through super breaks, for my birthday in Jan, myself and boyfriend was very impressed with hotel. when we arrived we got offered a upgrade, the room was really nice. staff were very pleasent and helpful. would definatly stay again, my boyfriend did actually comment that he only wants stay there when come london. And the breakfast and meals in the hotel are must.	
Feb 23 2007	Exceeded expectations	Since we got such a good deal online for this hotel, I thought it may be a little run down, but I was happily surprised. It is newly renovated, classically decorated, clean and cozy. It's right across the street from an underground stop, a bus stop, and right out the door is Regents Park, which is great for running or just strolling. There is a pull-up driveway, door men, bell hops -- the works. When you enter the rather grand lobby, it is always full of smoke, but remember that is somewhat the norm in London. Once we were in our room, we did not hear a thing from neighboring rooms or outside. It helps that the hotel is set back a little bit from the major street it is on. And room darkening shades do a good job keeping out the street lights. One glitch upon arrival was that I had emailed ahead to guarantee a non-smoking room, to which they replied it was all set, but once we got there they said they had no non-smoking rooms. They arranged for one within about 20 min., but we consider ourselves lucky with that one.If you're looking for a place that is not right in the center of action (which would also be much more expensive), this is a great place. From here, you can walk to shopping on Oxford Street and the tourist spots on Baker Street and in Mayfair. Great for exploring by foot - and to go beyond, it's easy to catch a train or bus. We had a great experience on our brief trip to London and were able to fit it all in, with this hotel as our base. There are even quite a few great restaurants in the neighborhood - couple of pubs, one with music, and a couple of Italian places. Just remember - EVERYthing's expensive!	
Feb 22 2007	Small rooms but very well maintained	An excellent hotel which I used for one night when on business. The room was exactly as shown on the website. The room and especially the bathroom was 'compact' but very well maintained and cleaned. The beds were very comfortable and plenty of channels on the TV. Safe in the room as well which is not a standard in many hotel rooms even today.The bar had live jazz and a nice selection of bard food. Would happily stay here again though would love to be able to afford a suite. Prices are cheaper online so look around. Bit of a wait for breakfast so went elsewhere as was short of time.Nice place and a good atmosphere, a hotel where you are welcome and encouraged to spend the evening in the hotel, rare these days.	
Feb 19 2007 	Lovely hotel	We stayed in this hotel for two nights in February 07, having booked it with AirMiles points. What a pleasant surprise! It was a lovely hotel, with very charming and attentive staff. Check in was good, we waited about five minutes and although there were people smoking in the lobby, it was definitely not smoke filled as suggested in previous reviewsThe lifts were easy to use, you just enter the floor number of your room and it tells you which car to take.The (standard)room was somewhat small, but perfectly adequate for our needs, with lovely finishes and furnishing throughout. The bathroom was lovely, finished in black &amp; gold with a really good selection of toiletries. The beds were comfortable too!The buffet breakfast was yummy...plenty of cereal, fruit, bread, cheeses, toast &amp; croissants for even the fussiest of eaters!We especially loved the doormen, resplendant in their uniforms and hats, who always held the door open for us!Overall, a charming, well run hotel in a great area with lovely staff- highly recommended.	
Feb 18 2007 	Neat enough but be ready to wrestle the lifts	This was a quick jaunt down to London for a romantic treat, and the White House provided a lovely backdrop - I suspect the management are hoping the place is jaw-dropping, and on that basis it falls short, but it's tidy, clean and (mostly) well-staffed, although it was a bit surprising to have to wait five minutes for the four members of reception to finish tapping at their keyboards to be acknowledged. To be fair, they did apologise for keeping us waiting.The lift service is, frankly, bizarre - you tell the system where you're going through a central control panel, which then assigns you a lift. Once you've entered your floor, that's it - there's no way to punch in a different number once it arrives. I suspect the idea is meant to be efficient, to stop several lifts heading for the same floor at the same time, which might make sense in a skyscraper. In a seven story building, it doesn't work - it's slow, glitchy, and created a knot of confused people stood around trying to work out how to get up and down. In fact, going down for breakfast there were so many people stood hoping for a lift to show up on our floor that we decided to go down the stairs instead. We were already on our cereals before the others made it into the breakfast room.The room was clean, in good condition (some slight damp coming through from the shower, a bit of ripped wallpaper, but nothing seriously wrong) but the bath is very high, very deep and very narrow - wouldn't recommend it for people who have mobility problems, and not for people who like baths. There's a list of relaxing bath salts available, but how relaxing a bath would be if you had to take it on your side, I'm not sure.We had to fix our TV - we got no picture - the aerial had come out the back. (I'm aware some TA users mark down on this sort of thing.) And why a one hundred quid a night hotel feels it can get away with providing standard Nescafe in the rooms - a drink that bears only a passing relationship with coffee - I'll never understand.Although just off Marleybone Road, the double glazing keeps the sound out, but not, unfortunately, the noise of the couple in the next room having sex. That didn't last that long - good for us, slightly disappointing for them, I fear.Breakfast had a wide selection of foods on the buffet, although the scrambled eggs were so liquid as to count as a drink and the range of jams was limited to a choice of two; they served up until 10.30 which is pretty good by UK standards. (This might be a Saturday only time, though.)All in all, a great stay, and a great location - bang opposite Great Portland Street tube and walking distance of Regents Park and Euston Station.	
Feb 14 2007 	Service was COMPLETELY AWFUL	Hotwire messed up my hotel booking for this hotel and switched the month from march to february. When I called the hotel to get a change in the dates, the absolutely refused and wouldn't even let me pay a fine or fee or anything to change the date. They said I would need to pay for the entire room for the entire stay all over again. We weren't even in London and absolutely did not check in, and they couldn't even call or email to check about the &quot;no show&quot;. Completely awful service in trying to deal with the problem and refused to even credit me one cent. Unbudgeable and awful service.	
Feb 9 2007	Convienient and comfortable	We booked this trip through Priceline and got a nightly rate of $115 per night for 14 nights. We were given a king bed room on the 3rd floor - no smoking. It was the room adjacent to the elevators. Caution if the sound of elevator cables is likely to disturb your sleep - change rooms as it is noisy in the mornings particularly.The king bed was extremely comfortable. Duvet rather than blankets. Plenty of space to store luggage underneath which is a plus as there really isnt adequate closet space and virtually no useful drawer space. The bathroom was a closet size room. Adequate for one person at a time. Room service was a bit hit and miss. While the room was cleaned and linen changed the room person left the window in the room open all day on three occasions! These were on the three coldest nights in Feb when it had snowed. After 2 calls to Room service and eventually spoke to the Duty manager - this didnt happen again. We requested ice one evening and when it hadnt arrived after 45mins, cancelled it. Apologies were offered but it wasnt great service as this hotel does not have floor ice machines.Internet service is outrageously expensive at 9.99 gbp ($20) per hour or 30 gbp ($60 which covers internet and inhouse movies) for a 24 hour period.The room does have a mini bar at the usual inflated prices if you want the minibar cleared for your own use it costs 15 gbp ($30) per day. The window sill worked well as a place to keep drinks/yogurts during our stay in Feb.The tube station - Gt Portland Street is 2 blocks from the hotel. The bus stop outside this station has three buses to Baker Street station. Get an Oyster card if you plan to use tube and buses as it is double the cost if you dont use one. They are available in tube stations and some Newsagents shops. When topping up buy the Weekly Oyster pass as it will save you a lot of money.Tescos metro store is close by Gt Portland St Station open 7am to midnight. A Pret a manger is a few stores down. Both are excellent for breakfast supplies.Check in and check out was very efficient and quick. We had arrived at 8am and were given a room immediately.Coffee shop - Davidoff Cafe produced excellent coffee 1.80gbp per cup. There is no other inhouse shop here. The bar was lively and well used - no noise issues. Many of the staff and guests here are Spanish which made not one iota of difference apart from the lobby being full of smokers in the morning and evening, this will change from June/July 2007 when smoking will be banned in all public places. A nice stay overall with a couple of minor issues. We would stay again.	
Feb 8 2007 	Very nice hotel	Enjoyed my first stay here (6th February 2007).Nice, comfortable hotel, plush (traditional) decor.Good check in and out.Very helpful concierge.Very nice bedroom. Extremely comfortable bed and pillows. Seem to remember the website saying something about sound-proofed rooms - not true - I could clearly hear the tv next door!Good breakfast - lots of choice - full English, eggs cooked to order, cereals, yoghurts, breads, pastries, fresh fruit etc.....Short taxi ride from Euston Station. Very close to Great Portland Street tube.	
Feb 7 2007	Nice hotel	We stayed here for 5 nights, just before New Years. Unlike other reviews, check-in was very smooth and very fast. At most it took 10 minutes from the time we walked in till we were in our room.Rooms are very small, even by European standards, but very well furnished. Bed and pillows were very comfortable. Ample closet space. Bathroom was a little dark, and tub is difficult to get out of without slipping. We did not use the bar or room service since there are so many pubs very close by. Tube stop is literally a 2 minute walk. Very convenient. The concierge was very helpful, and all of his suggestions were wonderful.I got a fantastic deal on Priceline for this hotel, and would stay here again if the price was similar.	
Jan 31 2007 	Not sure really!!	I will try and keep things brief:I have stayed in other properties within their portfolio which have been great, hence the reason for booking direct but unfortunately felt a bit let down by Oxford.Postives:* Great location* Impressive impact upon entering* Great bar for an evening drink* Modern - quirkyNegatives:* Staff - reception staff seemed untrained and dis-interested in helping or giving basic information, lack of attention detail. I actually wondered if one of the young guys was suffering from a hangover! Sorry bit presumptious....Restaurant staff were fine but generally a lack of customer service in other areas - a smile would of been nice!* Booked a suite and extras due to a special occassion which had been totally overlooked* Rooms - avarage even within the suites and the air conditioning was a problem, had to request a floor heater* Drinks were expensiveI do not think I would return which is a shame as it does have potential!	
Jan 31 2007 	Friendly but slowest check-in ever experienced	As others have noted, check-in is an issue here. This was my first stay at a Sol Melia hotel, and having to stand in a queue in a smoke-filled reception for 20+ minutes is far from a good first impression. There were 3 staff on the concierge desk doing nothing, and 3 on reception dealing with a laborious procedure surely unnecessary when I (and doubtless others) had provided all the information when booking online.I have to say that the staff were very friendly throughout, which helped - but I was in a hurry, and had lots of bags, and that is my abiding memory of the stay.I should say that the room, whilst small (went for their basic option), was better maintained than most large hotels I've stayed in, and was spotless.The location is good, but the tube station right across is not easy to get to from some mainline stations, so plan your journey with this in mind.	
Jan 30 2007 	Great love it;)	Me &amp; my friend stayed there for 5 days in january 2007. We booked the royal service (because we read some great reviews about it here), which is very great:) You get free breakfest, drinks &amp; snacks during the day. And free internet in the lounge. (too expensive if you use it in you're room)The rooms were smaller than we thought but ok. Bathroom clean and nice. But hairdryer awful, bring you're own. But this trip overall was great, would stay there again. ;)	
Jan 24 2007 	Perfect for a Posher City Break	We stopped here in December for 1 night and were really pleased we'd picked this hotel. Location wise, it was spot on for our needs, equi-distance from Euston and Marylebone and several tube stations and yet still felt like a retreat from the city hub-bub. We were heading to the Jazz Cafe in Camden which was only a cheap taxi drive away. The rooms were perfectly adequate; quiet, really comfy bed, nice interior design but somewhat pokey bathroom. Can't comment on the food as, to be honest, we were a little put off by the £18 price tag but, hey ho, that's London for you! If you're having a couple of nights in London and are looking for accessible, clean, comfy accommodation that's a bit posher than the typical travel tavern feel, this place will really please you.	
Jan 24 2007 	Very pleasant stay would stay here again	We booked a deluxe room which had a 6ft bed, double glazing and was slightly bigger and nicer decorated than the standard rooms. The room was very stuffy and the aircon didnt appear to work so we had to have the windows open all the time which did tend to get a bit cold at times, but not long after you closed them the room was too stuffy again.The bathroom was not very well lit, no light over the shower or toilet the only light was above the sink.The food in the hotel I thought was disappointing, we ate in both of the restaurants and didnt really enjoy the food and thought it was expensive for what it was.The hotel itself was very clean, staff were courteous and friendly, most of them were Spanish or other foreign nationality and the only time there was a language problem was with one of the waitresses in the restaurant.I would definitely stay here again, location is good and overall cost of hotel room is very competitive against other hotels of the same standard.	
Jan 22 2007	Watch the VAT!!!	Arrived early afternoon to find a small queue at reception so expected not to be too long but waited at least 20-30 mins to get served by a member of staff, the staff were quite slow checking in people and didn't seem concerned about people waiting. The majority if not all were spanish so the language barrier was quite difficult. The hotel itself was very nicely decorated and presented and the lifts were very high tech so that was interesting! When we finally arrived at our room we found it to be quite small but very clean and well presented! Don't touch anything in the minibar because it will automatically be charged to your account, a small can of coke would cost you up to over £2 and £4 for a bottle of water. Certain standard rooms including ours needed NEW windows as they were very shabby and very drafty while others had double glazing. Overall the room was very nice, however theres no movie channels on the tv. Room service- check at the bottom of the menu because VAT at 17.5% is added to everything that you order. Our time came to check out and we were VERY surprised to learn that VAT was added to the total amount that we were to pay for the room itself, this wasn't stated beforehand and especially as the confirmation email stated that the TOTAL amount due didn't include the VAT. Good position in London, directly opposite Great Portland st station and not far from London Zoo. And theres a nice little pub across the street called the Green man, very friendly!!! Overall an enjoyable trip, but turned out to be more expensive than originally thought. 7/10	
Jan 15 2007 	Surprisingly good	We stayed here for one night in a Junior Suite, booking via the hotel's own website. When upgrading, you get your own check in under what's known as the Royal Service - well worth the money! The room was spacious, well furnished and had one of the most comfy beds we've ever stayed in. With the Royal Service you also get a pillow menu which was great, and complimentary drinks (including bubbly) in the private Royal Lounge between 6pm and 10.30pm along with free tapas. House-keeping was prompt, the waitresses were lovely and breakfast was scrummy. All in all well recommended.	
Jan 12 2007 	Very Surprised!	I booked the Melia White House for my wife and me after a long search online. Some of the reviews seemed spotty but overall good. When we arrived, we were very surprised. It certainly exceeded the expectations we had based on the reviews. The staff was friendly an courteous, the room was a good size, clean and well appointed, and the location of the hotel was terrific. There is a subway stop one block away and (being from NYC) we found that we were within walking distance to many locations. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Jan 2 2007 	Fantastic!!	We have just returned from a romantic trip to London and the Melia White House Hotel. I had booked this hotel after extensive research on the Web as it was a special stay because I was going to propose to my girlfriend. Before booking I had had some contact with upper management to see what arrangements could be made. Staff was more than helpful and made some fine suggestions. They were more than happy to help me out.We stayed for three nights and it turned out to be exactly what I hoped it would be. My girlfriend (or fiancee now) is always very critical of hotels (as am I) but neither of us could find any fault. The lobby is impressive enough with its gold and marble. It is spacious and breaths a nice and luxurious atmosphere. As I had booked the Royal Service room, we had the express check in and check out and the deluxe room. A bouquet of flowers had been set up in the room as I had previously asked and the room itself was big, clean and had all the services one hoped to find. The interior decoration appealed to us especially and there was the great big bed!I had booked a private dining suite for 2 hours, of which one hour was complimentary. When you are a Royal Service guest you can use a business meeting room for free for one hour but that is hardly the appropiate place to propose so the hotel made me this offer. I had also booked a sax player and the hotel was fine with him playing while we were having dinner.The actual evening was more than perfect!!! It was highly romantic with excellent food and service. The manner in which the hotel staff helped out was simply amazing!All in all we had a wonderful stay. We felt sad to leave. I do not know what the standard rooms are like but it seems to me that if you can afford the extra pounds, get Royal Service and you will feel like a 5 star gueat in a 4 star hotel.	
Dec 11 2006 	Good stay in London	Good stay close to Regent's Park.Spanish staff are more friendly than most london hotel staff.Gym is larger than it appears, with around 20 excercise machines (albeit no weight machines) and free weights ranging from 2 - 10 kgs (around 4 to 22 lbs).Room: small, but this is typical of any London hotel. Comfortable (medium) bed with down pillows. In-room electronic safe provided. Internet access is a pay as you go service, it is far cheaper to use a cybercafe on Oxford Street. Minibar is also provided (though do not plan on using it as a personal fridge, an electronic sensor detects this and charges 15 pounds a day). My only major complaint is that there are only 2 electical outlets with easy access.Bathroom equipped with hairdryer. Bathtubs are deeper than average (a plus) though it is fairly difficult to get in and out without slipping. Lotion, shampoo and bath gel (generic Melia brand) are provided. Also available (for 4 pounds and up) is a menu of bath salts from the dead sea.Breakfast (19 pounds) has the widest selection I've ever seen at a London restaurant, and seating was quick.Tip: Join the loyalty program, breakfast becomes BOGO, and you get a newspaper in the morning.Recommended: Yes	
Dec 5 2006 	Top Service	Stayed here with family several years ago. Had a wonderful experience. The service was excellent and the room was clean, cozy and large. The staff were knowledgeable and friendly. Room service was perfect.Close to Regents Park and steps to Great Portland St tube station. You are a ten minute walk to Oxford St shopping. Overall, we had a pleasant stay with no problems.	
Dec 5 2006 	Overall very good	Stayed here for 2 nights in November 2006, room was very nice, very clean and nicely decorated. It was was quite small, but more than adequate. I followed the advice from other reviews on here and used the Tesco Express opposite for breakfast! Definately a good tip and saves the queues/crowds in the restaurant. Theres also a tube station opposite (Great Portland Street), and Regent's Park is a few minutes walk. Pub across the road (between Tesco and the tube station) was also ok, they serve food also, so its another alternative to the eating at the hotel. Overall I was very pleased with the Melia White, although I cannot comment on the Restaurant and Bar because I did not use them...	
Dec 5 2006 	Very Good Hotel	We stayed here for a Saturday night using Mas points. We checked in early at 11:30am and were given our room straight away. We were given a Royal Service Room which was very nice with a huge King Size bed. The bathroom was tiny but it did contain very nice toiletries. The hotel itself was very quiet considering it was so busy. I agree with the previous review in that the majority of guests are Spanish. Breakfast the following morning was very busy however there was no queue. The 2 dining rooms used are very large and the selection of breakfast foods is substantial. Using my Mas card, one breakfst was free of charge.Overall a very good stay and my total bill on checkout was £18.95.	
Nov 21 2006 	Relaxing warm and friendly	This hotel has fairly recently been refurbished at great expense after being taken over by a Spanish company. Which was why the hotel was about 80% full of Spanish guests I assume! At first sight I found the decor rather overbearing and old fashioned, but by the end of my stay (3 nights) I had changed my mind. It felt lived in and comfortable, and yet it was all new. The bedroom was a good size (we had the deluxe), the bed was massive and very comfortable and it was very quiet despite being in Central London. The breakfasts had a fantastic choice of food, something for everyone and the food in the award winning Spanish restaurant we went to one evening, was superb. The service was again, old fashioned, but very charming and totally won us over. Apart from the fact that the keys didn't work a couple of times and it took ages to check out - ok it was a Sunday morning, I can't complain.	
Nov 19 2006 	Excellent location good service	This hotel is situated a few yards from a tube station, you can also walk to regents park &amp; London Zoo.It is definately worth up grading to a Royal Service room as the guest lounge is excellent, free breakfast, snacks and drinks.	
Nov 6 2006 	Great deal for three girlfriends	I stayed at this hotel together with my sister-in-law and a friend of ours. We were very happy with the hotel. Since there were three of us we booked a junior suite and this was really a great deal. Altogether we paid £160 for three nights which included a very big breakfast buffet and free drinks and tapas in the lounge in the evening. As you know, London is very expensive and by eating and drinking in the lounge we could put all that money in our shopping accounts instead!The hotel itself was fine, the room quite big and the bathroom very clean. We all liked the area and that it was so close to the Regent's Park.The only thing we can complain about was that the Underground station Great Portland Street was closed during the weekend and it was a real hassle getting from and to the hotel because of this. ;-)	
Nov 5 2006 	Experiences from other point of view	I stay with my daughter for 5 days. The Staff is careless. But for the price and a metro station almost in the front is okay. Rooms are small. Very nice neighborhood. I eat all nights at a nice italian restaurant in the street great portland, I think call de martino. Nice price, very good food and nice staff. I have breakfast out all days. The hotel location is very good. Is an area of a lot of hospital, Business and you have three or four mini markets 24 hours. You have also a lot of mini fast food places like au bon pain in ny. the metro station very easy to move. I get a week pass and my 9 year old and me go all the way around london without problem. I never feel insecure. I repeat London I love it, the people.	
Oct 29 2006	Great hotel fantastic breakfast!	Stayed there for two nights in the middle of October. Clean hotel, the breakfast was fantastic, and the location is great: 10 min walk to Oxford Circus (shopping), 1 min walk to the tube, 4 min walk to another tube station (with other transfer options).Only minus would be that there was always a line at the reception, even when they had 8 people behind the desk (!). Also, their carpet-cleaning left a weird smell in the hallways.The rooms were clean and decent size compared to other London hotels, but still smaller than what Americans (or Scandinavians) usually expect.Worth a 4 star, and about £130 a night for a double.	
Oct 3 2006 	Hotel was OK if you paid reduced cost!	I have just returned from a weekend away in London where I had booked a reduced deal on Lastminute.com for a twin room without breakfast.The hotel looks very grand inside although the heavy smell of smoke in the reception and lobby areas was really bad - perhaps bring in a non smoking policy - can't wait till next Summer when this will be enforced!The gym was a good size - larger than led to believe on this site. The sauna was great and towels provided.The bedroom was fairly small but adequate and the bathroom was quite nice although bath was very high so difficult to get in and out of!The location of the hotel was great - 2 minute walk from Portland Street and Tesco &amp; Pret a Manger were good for a cheaper breakfast!As a hotel with a mate I'd recommend but not sure if you were a couple.I'd never pay the advertised hotel prices - extortionate!!	
Oct 2 2006 	certainly not 4 star	booked with last minute.com secret hotels. Shared twin with my daughter, very small , uncomfortable single beds with old-fashioned sheets and blankets. Very dated decor, only one chair in the room, very basic. Tiny Bathroom, only one hand towel. paid £99 incl breakfast. Normal price is £240 plus £25 for room upgrade. Certainly not worth it. Large Buffett breakfast with lots of choice, but slow service. Would not book this again or recommed to anyone, stayed in the Marriot before, 10 times better.Pluspoint: Good public transport nearby, lots of bus stops, and three tube stations. Fairly quite area.	
Oct 1 2006 	OK - but beware of the different junior suite room size!	We just came back from London at the end of August and stayed at the Melia White House Hotel for 5 nights.We got to the hotel around 2:30pm and we got checked in right away. Got to our room and was quite surprised at how tiny the room is for a supposed &quot;Junior Suite&quot; that we paid for. It didn't look like a junior suite but I took that as it's simply because rooms in Europe are typically smaller. But anyhow, it looked a lot smaller from the pictures and virtual tours shown for junior suite rooms. Our room had a king size bed and a sofa bed. The room was too cramped for 3 skinny people and our luggage. You can bounce from one wall to the other. We didn't take the upgrade simply because we were already supposed to be in a Junior Suite and our deal already included breakfast so whatever deal came with the upgrade was worth paying for more.In any case, our first night, my friend woke up at like 2am and asked if we can hear something dripping and yes I heard it, but I was too sleepy to investigate and we had to wake up early that day to catch an early tour so I went back to sleep. But then the following night when we got back to our hotel, I noticed there was a puddle of wet spot right next to the sofabed. It came from the roof, there was a leak! That was what the dripping noise was. So at this time, it was already past midnight so I just called the front desk and let them know about this leak. A guy came up to our room and inspected it and he said he'll go downstairs and talk to the manager on duty. Btw, this is when we found out that there is another class of junior suite rooms that is bigger than what we got! In any case, the guy then called us in our room and said we will be transferred to another room the following day. We just needed to go to the reception in the morning and tell them to change our room. So we did that in the morning after breakfast around 9am and had already packed our stuff ready for the move. So we told them, we weren't in a rush, but we just need to make that our stuff be moved to the new room by the time we get back to our hotel by 4pm since we needed to get ready for a show that evening. So we get back to our hotel around 5pm, and nothing was done! Because they only thought we were after the bigger sized junior suite and that is why we asked to be moved. So at this point, we already had someone checked our room the night before and verified the leak, we had already informed the front desk in the morning, so now this is the 3rd time I had to tell someone we had a leak and had to be moved. So the guy at the front desk told us they couldn't move us because they were fully booked and they didn't have another bigger room available. So now I'm freaking irritated, I had to tell him at this point I didnt care about the bigger room, we simply just needed to be moved to a room without the dripping noise and the leak and the bigger junior suite would just have been a bonus. So sure enough, at this point my voice was already raised, my two friends were just as annoyed, and all of a sudden, what a surprise, not even a minute later they found us another room. Well, well, well, we got another junior suite, but this time it was slightly bigger! This is the size of room we had originally thought we paid for! But just to get our problem taken care of, I had to be nasty and confrontational because being nice the previous 2 attempts, apparently fell into deaf ears. The people at the front desk were quite stuffy. The concierge, however, was very friendly and accommodating to us when we had questions.The room had a mini fridge that was so packed you couldn't fit anything there anyways. And if you did attempt to store personal items there, they charge you 15 pounds!!! So we asked for a mini personal fridge coz they said it would be free if we ask that from room service. What a joke! They brought us what looked like a cooler, we nearly died laughing when we saw this, it could only fit 2 soda cans. It won't even fit a snapple bottle even if you tilt it sideways! That's how small this &quot;mini fridge&quot; on loan was. The bathroom was miniscule. The only good thing was the towel warmer. The tub was so high off the ground that if you were short like me and my friend, you pretty much have to climb up in there. Our other friend is taller (5'9) but she even complained about it as well. The swinging tub door that only covered half of the tub wasn't a surprise since we had the same thing at a hotel in Melbourne, Australia when we went last year. But it can get tricky to take a shower in there without flooding the entire. bathroom since it was freaking tiny anyways. You practically have to shower facing the other way so that the water won't get out and splash all over the bathroom.The breakfast was great, but I won't necessarily pay the 18.50 pounds they charge for it if it wasn't already included in our hotel deal (we booked our trip via AA Vacations).The room service was exhorbitant as expected and the prices at the restaurants are just as outrageous. So if you want snacks and goodies, there's a Tesco right around the corner and you can get some food there. There's also a line of restaurants within walking distance from the hotel and the concierge can point you how to get there.The location itself isn't in the center of the crowded tourist spot, which I like since it was more quiet, but it's very close to everything that you can walk or take a short cab ride, or take the tube or bus to get to Picadilly, Oxford, Bond street area for shopping. All other usual tourist attractions are so close that the location isn't a problem at all.Like: Location, Concierge, Breakfast, DoormanDisliked: Front Desk (rude and terrible service overall); Terrible Customer Service by the Hotel ManagementTips: There's a Tesco nearby to buy snacks and goodies from, and a line of restaurants within walking distance to eat at. Beware when you ask the hotel to book you a cab, you have to be specific, tell them to book you a &quot;Black Taxi Cab&quot; and not a &quot;mini cab.&quot; Mini cabs are not metered and you have to negotiate the price before you get in and decide to go.	
Sep 28 2006 	Very professionnal	Excellent location, small room but very nice, clean, good AC and quiet. They have installed on each door a mecanism that slow down the speed the door closes so it prevents any door banging, very very appreciated. We got there and they did not have our reservation, called in the manager and the took care of everything for us. Excellent breakfast with good quality and good choice. Concierge service is outsanding.	
Sep 28 2006 	Two classes of rooms	Booked Melia White House online through a discount agency. Complained about the room and was told by hotel staff there are two levels of rooms; those booked through a discount agency and all others. They have one class of rooms at the discounted rate. Miniscule room, be prepared to leave with bruises even if you are tiny as you bump into everything. Bed is about a foot from the floor and feels like hard cardboard. My husband said it reminded him of an army cot. Closet big enough for two jackets. Lounge/breakfast room has heavy smoking problems. At entrance, first two couches are in the designated smoking area which you walk through. The next four couches are non-smoking. Remember the days when airlines separated smokers but the smoke drifted throughout the cabin - that's the way it is. Even in the breakfast area at the far end of the room, the smoke drifts through. There are tapas served in the evening in the same smoky area - don't bother, they are uneatable.	
Sep 24 2006 	Good Value for London at $140	I thought the hotel was great value for $140 a night for a very expensive city like London (booked on Hotwire). It was clean, with up to date facilities. We stayed on a non-smoking floor and found it very quiet. The room was small but that is common in England. The staff were friendly and attentive. The only issue I had was the hard bed, but for 4 nights it was no big deal. I think some of the negative reviews were unduly harsh based on my experience.The location is quiet , adjacent to an office district but convenient to a couple of tube stations. The Great Portland station was undergoing renovations on the weekends and thus you had to use the other station nearby. Delightful Regents Park is 5 minutes away.	
Sep 19 2006 	Loved it loved it loved it!	Me and my friends stayed there for 1 night in september. Booked through their hotel website. We booked a junior suite and the booking said Magic Royal Serive. We had no idea what that was about. Anyway, upon check-in the receptionist said that we had the royal service and the check-in counter for that was further down the hall and we should just follow him. Ok, so we followed him to another check-in counter which was a bit smaller but very nice. A young woman greeted us and handed us an envelope in which all the information we needed were. Then she said that we would have access to the Royal Service lounge for free drinks and tapas during the day. And breakfast would also be served in there. It was amazing!We went up to our room and the bed was big enough to fit 3 people! And the room was amazing.Everything was amazing, and I wish we could have stayed there longer.We will definately stay there next time we are in London.	
Sep 12 2006 	no really this place is dreadful	i booked through hotwire and they were claiming this dump was 4 stars. i assure you it is not. i got a rate of US$130, but some people were apparently being conned into paying 235 pounds to stay there.the room was so small you could barely make your way around the bed, the bathroom was closet-sized. though i requested non-smoking, the room stunk of stale smoke and there were cigarette burns on the headboard. the bed had a mattress that may have been around when there was still a king of england. it was extremely uncomfortable, and the blanket was so ratty i took it off for fear of contracting a disease.the public spaces in this hotel are probably 3 star, the rooms, maybe 2 star. its great that the subway is so close, if they weren't doing renovation on the circle line, which effectively means it i takes 4 train changes to get to and from the airport.it says local calls cost 95 pence, but they neglect to mention that that rate is per minute, thus i was charged 9 pounds for a local call. they charge 18.95 pounds for a less than stellar breakfast.i wouldn't suggest this hotel to my worst enemy. stay away.	
Sep 12 2006 	Great Hotel!!	We stayed at the Melia White House from August 26 to the 30th, 2006. We had gotten a deal online (1/3 of their rack rate) and weren't too sure what to expect. We were thoroughly impressed by the hotel! The rooms were nice, not spectacular, but clean and well appointed - but the breakfast there (which was included in our rate) was incredible! They had everything from an omelette station, to pancakes, cereals, fresh fruit, pastries, etc, etc, etc. The staff there were also very nice and always will to help out. The location is good - extremely close to the tube station and within walking distance to the city center (about 15-20 mins).Overall a wonderful experience and we would definitely stay there again!	
Sep 10 2006 	Stay here ignore the complaints below.	The Melia White House is a great hotel. Yards (or meters if you like) to a Tube (subway) station, with 2 others just a few blocks further. So what if it's not directly across from Big Ben, the location is still very central ( a short walk to Oxford Circus shopping, and anywhere via subway quickly). For cranky Americans (like me) there are at least 2 Starbucks within walking distance, and lots of inexpensive restaurants. You are also walking distance to Madame Tusseuads Wax Museum and the city tour bus stop, so the guy who complained about the location was just plain wrong, or didn't have a map.Contrary to what other reviewers said, I encountered no one who did not speak English (and I spoke to desk staff several times on 2 different stays here). I also found the hotel to be quite quiet, and never had a problem with noise, thin walls, or surrounding room noise.Inexpensive upgrade (an extra $25 pounds) gets you a king size bed, large room (especially for Europe), nice tub &amp; shower, etc. If I had any complaint at all it's that the tub is elevated about 6&quot; off the floor, so anyone handicapped or elderly or frail might have a hard time getting in or out of the tub, though there are handrails.I did not see the regular rooms so I can't comment, but they would have to be 180 degrees different from my room to match the negative description I saw posted in one of these reviews.The service is attentive and friendly, rooms clean, comfortable and quiet. Room service is tasty and quick, tons of TV and movie channels, all in an area very convienient (either on foot or via subway) to most attractions. Highly recommended.	
Aug 28 2006 	Get you on the upgrade!	Recently returned from spending 6 nights at the Melia White House. Originally booked 3 standard rooms for my family. Upon arrival and shown to my room I was completely taken back. The room was horrible. Smelly, dark, dank, the bed had no box springs and sagging as well as lumps, no drawers for clothes. My suitcase couldn't even be left open as the room was too small. Asked for extra hangers to hang clothes and was told none were available but if I wanted we could upgrade to the next level room (deluxe) for a mere $ 50 per night per room and get a dresser and more hangers! Boy, did we feel we were taken advantage of and misled. We had no choice but to upgrade as we needed a handicap accessibile room for a family member and they are limited in London and staying in the original room for six nights was not an option. The deluxe room was lovely and what we expected in the first place.  The hotel is located in a business area and after 6 pm no one is out on the streets. You'll have to travel to all standard &quot;tourist&quot; sites and old fasion english neighborhoods. I'm a walker so heading out for Mayfair and Covent Garden etc was okay for me and I didn't mind the walk. Local restaurants for a light dinner can be found on Marylebone High Street within walking distance. We did have a lovely Italian meal in a restaurant on Great Portland Street about two blocks from the hotel. I can't remember the name but it's few doors up from the Villandry restaurant. Very good, very nice service - just delightful. Be forwarned the majority of the White House staff is spanish speaking and I dont' mean bi-lingual. I was surprised to find myself in a London hotel where 98% of the time Spanish was spoken. Being a South Florida resident and plenty use to hearing and using Spanish to some extend I was surprised by the lack of effort made to understand my english or even my spanish when conversing and expressing wishes. My bi-llngual niece had to order my breakfast eggs as the server didn't understand what I meant by &quot;cooked well&quot;. . This was my 6th trip to London and even after the room upgrade this was not a great experience. I would not stay there again. I think you can found better hotels in the Kenningston or Bloomsbury areas for the same cost and ammenties.	
Aug 5 2006	Good Location Quiet neighborhood	We stayed at the Melia White House Hotel for 9 nights. Our package included a buffet breakfast each morning.Pros-* Very close to three tube stations* Friendly staff* Comfortable size rooms and bedsCons-* Smoking allowed in Lobby, very heavy smell as you enter* Buffet, although a good selection, was poor. Most of the hot foods, weren't. After ten days, eating the same basic thing, got boring.A few tips if you are staying here. 1. The elevator is easy to work, just press the floor you want and it will tell which car to take.2. The lights in the room will not work until you put your key card into the round slot near the switches, this took us about 5 minutes to figure out, after jet lag of course.All in All a very good hotel.	
Aug 5 2006	Seriously Faulted	If one has light sleep, this hotel is no good. Walls are very thin, in some areas like cardboard, even at &quot; Royal Service &quot; level. If it happens to have one or more just moderately noisy neighbours, like it happened to us, at the end you come to know their names, habits and tastes as if they were part of your own family.Probably, good hotel to make friends , if you are in a very good mood.Clearly, this hotel presents structural problems that the management is trying to offset with generous amounts of good toiletries, hospitable atmosphere and good pricing (if rooms were not faulty), but this is not enough to replace a normally quiet night sleep.Will not go there anymore .	
Aug 2 2006	Wonderful stay	We stayed at the Melia for five days in July with our 15 years teen and had a wonderful stay. The hotel is very well located, tube and buses right near. The service was outstanding, the personnel friendly and very present to us. We stayed in a comfortable room well organize for a family. Definitly, we'll choose the Melia again. 100% satisfied	
Jul 11 2006	Great Stay at this Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Melia White House June 22 through 27 2006. We were very happy with our stay there. After reading the reviews at this website we asked for an upgrade when we checked in. One was not available for the first nights stay but we were able to get an upgrade for the rest of our stay. We originally paid about $118 a night for the hotel, the upgrade was 25 pounds, a little less than $50, and still a very good deal for under $200 a night. The cheaper room was very small. The bed was short, my husband is only 5'9&quot; and his feet hung over the edge. The room is not very wide and I believe the normal length bed would probably almost hit the wall and would be too long for the room. The bathroom is about the size of an airplane bathroom, very small. But if you just want a place to sleep I suppose it would be fine. The room was clean and decorated nicely. The upgraded room, which on their website is the gold and red room was very nice. The bed was a large king size (and the length was the correct size) and very comfortable. The bathroom was a good size and comfortable. The closet was larger. The room was very nice and very comfortable and clean. The upgrade was worth it. We did not go for the breakfast included rate. We felt the breakfast was expensive and there are many nice cafes just a block or two away. At one we got a full breakfast for just under 5 pounds. The staff are mostly Spainish, but they speak english very well and we did not have a problem understanding them. They were very accommodating and helped us out since my luggage did not arrive with us on the airplane and was temporarily &quot;lost&quot;. When it did finally arrive, they brought it directly up to our room. As far as the elevators are concerned, I don't understand what the problem some people have with them. There are 4 elevators, a set of 2 on each side of a divider. At the divider you press the button of the floor you want and it will tell you which elevator to go to. The elevator does not have buttons inside to push, it's done outside the elevator. We did not have a problem at all. The elevators were quick and took us to our floor with no problems. The lobby at this hotel is very nice, all marble. We had drinks one night in the bar which had a piano player the evening we went. The bar is large and comfortable. This hotel is not in the middle of where all the action is, which was fine with us. The Underground was a short block away and you can get any where you want in a very short time. Regents Park is very close by. Oxford Circus which has some shopping is a couple blocks away. We were very happy with our stay at the Melia White House and I would stay again.	
Jul 10 2006	Good location quiet room.......different	The Melia White House hotel was lovely as you walk in, during a very hot trip to London, the foyer was very cool and clean. The hotel had a very modern feel. Check in was quick and the staff really polite. The modern feel was only enhanced by the attempt to find a lift and then figure out which one you were supposed to get into.The hallways on the upper level were spacious, and I cannot help thinking that the hotel could have less of this and then more room space. I have stayed in many hotels in London, all central, and this was really the smallest. We had a twin room and there was very little space. The walls were scraped from people moving between the beds and the wall. The bathroom was spacious enough (by typical UK standards) and the shower powerful and enough to wake you!Overall, as I was on business, this was a fairly comfortable stay. If you wish for a longer stay - the walls are thin, beds low, bedding is replaced and clean (although long term stains are clearly present!). The walls and decor is also suffering scuffing from the lack of space. BUT the service in this hotel was good. There just has not been enough thought in terms of space.I got this hotel through Priceline - name your price - it was considered Bloomsbury, which was stretching things a little I thought. For business I would stay again, as I am rarely in the room, but for leisure, unless you are willing to upgrade, don't both. This is not really a four star hotel and needs to do some work on the rooms - the staff are already up to scratch!	
Jul 6 2006	Zu wenig Service für viel Geld	My husband, my son and i were in London from June 27th to July 5th.We stayed in Melia White House, Albany Street, London, near Regent`s Park.We had booked a Junior Suite.First we got a Junior Suite which was very small -- too small (!).We could hardly reach the bathroom...After complainiing we got a bigger Junior Suite the next day. Dirty glasses were left on the table of our room for two days!!We had to complain again...Several people of the staff (especially the reception) had problems to speak and to understand English (they spoke Spanish with other members of the staff)....We decided to stay never again in a Sol Melia Hotel (whereever it is...)...	
Jun 12 2006	great stay at this hotel	Booked an overnight stay to celebrate our wedding anniversary. Got a great deal for a junior suite with Royal service. Room was great, nice and spacious, a hugh bed ( which was very confortable),the bathroom was also very very nice with marble tops. The bath was big so you could enjoy a proper soak. Also had a separate shower as wel! The little freebies were plentiful, slippers,sewing kits, shoe horn, toothbrush and razor kit. I n fact you dont have to take any toiletries (just your make up),which I love because I do like to travel light and every bit helps.The Royal Service is a must.Free beverages all day and there are always nibbles out, like crips or cakes. Then there is afternoon tea (sandwiches ect) and in the evening free canapes and bar-you dont have to eat out there is so much. Breakfast was also very good with a hugh choice and in your own lounge so its not a mad scrum to get a table. All in all we were very impressed and thought it very good value for money.The hotel is well placed being very close to Great porland street tube and Regents park.All in all we had a very enjoyable time and we have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.,	
Jun 10 2006	What a fantastic hotel	We booked this hotel through lastminute[--] as it was one of their 'Top Secret Hotels'. Therefore, we did not know which hotel we would get until paid for it. We had booked a superior double which included breakfast for £116.00. Once we knew which hotel we were to stay at I looked at the previous review for this hotel, which was mixed. I am happy to say that we through the hotel was fabulous. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was sound proofed so there was no noisy. The bed was huge and very comfortable (I normally have problems with hotel beds being too hard but this one was not) the breakfast was amazing; everything that you could possibly imagine. Although the cost of the breakfast was included in our in our deal if we had had to pay it would have been £18.95 each. We did not use the hotel restaurants as we eat elsewhere, but we did have one drink in the bar which costs a fortune. There are two bars a couple of minutes walk from the hotel, so if I was to stay again I would visit one of these. All that said we really enjoyed our stay and would certainly recommend it.	
Jun 4 2006	Suitably Impressed by this hidden gem	I booked our stay at the Melia White House through a Secret Location offer on Lastminute(--) and went for the Deluxe Room including breakfast. It was a celebration weekend for my husband's birthday and we have stayed at many 5 star hotels throughout Europe and America. On finding out the name of the Secret hotel once booked I checked the reviews and was quite concerned about what to expect as they were very mixed.When we arrived the Reception staff were very helpful and it was a very slick check in. Our room was beautifully decorated and the icing on the cake was the courtesy room service of the huge bowl of fruit and handmade chocolate truffles - a very nice touch.The room was very clean and had all the necessary amenities. The breakfast was really good, with a huge selection from the buffet. My husband works in hospitality and is a hard act to please but he couldn't find fault and we would recommend this hotel for it's stylish rooms, location and excellent value for money.	
Jun 3 2006	don't pay more than $150 USD...	So my wife and I out on our european journey stopped by the Melia for 4 nights in early May and were more than dissapinted with this establishment. For the price we paid $150.00 usd, which come to find out is a steal in london or at least here where rack quote as $400 usd, it is more like we got robbed. for one the tea and coffee service is in the closet on the shelf where you hang your clothes, we were given 3 hangars and the closet was 16&quot; wide. As in previous reviews we agree the mattressess were hideous... and why did we have a bed spread on our bed for only our last night, yes they only offer top sheets unless you demand, not ask but demand??? We should have known when we checked in and they called our room the &quot;hotwire&quot; room. Yes we booked on hotwire... we asked to upgrade to a better room as per other reviews and they said it was not possible beacsue we booked with hotwire... the hotel is way north of town near madamme tuessaus wax museum... but does have underground service just one block away. The hotel offers a business center without a printer???? that should sum this place up, ohh even better their concerge only spoke spanish... remember this is a spanish run hotel company. overall the lobby and common areas are beautiful and the bathroom while small (what is not in london) was very nice but the rest of the facility lacked full on comfort. I would choose anothe hotel even if further out of town, wait is there another hotel further out of town??? as for noise it was never noticed, we were on the 6th floor, and as for the elevator complaints it does take a minute to get used to and since they only explain it in broken english or spanish it can be difficult to comprehend. I'll pay a bit more next time to stay at a hilton or hyatt...	
Jun 1 2006	We loved this hotel - good choice - biggest beds around	My boyfriend and I wanted to stay in town for the weekend and booked this place through a website at the last moment ( the day before ) and got a £25 room upgrade upon arrival. We were incredibly surprised by how great a hotel this is. We had fantastic courteous service from the check in staff to the bar staff and at all times enjoyed our stay. There is a great service mentality at this hotel and I would go back there. We are not that easily pleased as we travel nearly every month but I would recommend this place because of the warm welcome, the people they employ and the feel of the hotel. It felt a little continental ( lots of Spanish guests too ).The room was clean, not huge but fine, tv all good ( tucked away in a TV cupboard ) and the bed was the biggest bed I have ever seen!!! I think it's called a california king size. It was cool. Anyhow, we were so comfortable and despite being at the front of the hotel got a great night's sleep. It wasn't noisy.The only down side was the mini bar - silly prices - so we went to the bar itself.The bar on the ground floor had piano music and a singer in the bar for some of Saturday night and this was just great background, not overwhelming. The bar prices were reasonable for London and we had a few snacks there. They bring nibbles ( nuts and rice crackers ) as standard. We found that a large area of the bar was reserved by a group for late night drinks so you might want to reserve your own table.Gt Portland St tube is right on your doorstep. Unfortunately this wasn't open the weekend we were there ( some lines weren't running ...engineering works! ) but we walked everywhere and found things easily. If you want to go out for breakfast there are loads of good places nearby - take the main streets and you will find all sorts. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel but there was a special weekend deal on - it cost around £15 or so for a major feast. We hope you enjoy this place as much as we did.p.s. My boyfriend is American and he really liked it too.	
May 29 2006	Looking for a superb London hotel?	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Melia White House Hotel for our first anniversary last weekend; we booked via Last Minute.com as a 4 star London hotel special and got a great reduced price.To put it simply the hotel was superb, I cannot fault anything about the location, service, rooms or food. We found the hotel incredibly easily, it is located over the road from Great Portland Street Tube, and only a few more minutes walk from Regents Park Tube.The hotel is lavishly decorated; the check-in desk is manned with very friendly and helpful staff who spoke perfect English even though they were Spanish. We knew what we were getting; we had paid for the deluxe room, and it surpassed our expectations. Other reviews have mentioned that the rooms are slightly small, I personally thought the bathroom could have been a tad bigger but, the room was perfectly formed and featured a huge 7ft king size bed, of which we had the most enjoyable sleep.We had our breakfast in the Royal Suite one of the three hotel restaurants, this was half buffet service and half table service, everything from champagne to specialist sausages were made available, for a superb continental breakfast two a full English, staff were very helpful and efficient.This hotel has a great continental feel, but with standards and service which put most of the other 4 star hotels in the UK I have visited to shame for the price!The concierge service was excellent, they recommended and booked a Greek Restaurant for us only a few minutes walk away (The 4 Lanterns). I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves Greek food, superb!I’m shocked to see a few complains about this hotel, room sizes, beds or service. I’m putting it down to Americans being the fussiest strain of human! I’m sorry guys but in the UK if you pay for a standard room you get a standard room with a less generous bed and the room will be smaller than a deluxe room, do you all lack common sense?I’m a 24 year old Birmingham guy (Brummy) who took his girlfriend away for a weekend in London, I’m not rich and don’t pay silly prices for hotels, but if your looking for a great base for a romantic weekend in London look no further than this hotel.Although If your American and believe us British are fussy and have a stiff upper lip, then simply don’t bother.	
May 29 2006	One of the best hotels I have stayed in...	Don't let the somewhat grotty exterior put you off. I have stayed in this hotel for both business and pleasure on a number of occasions and have never been disappointed. The staff are all very professional and friendly, the location is great, a 15-20 minute walk from Kings Cross/St Pancras and right next to the Gt Portland Street tube, plus it's next to the Park. The breakfast is absolutely wonderful covering a massive variety of foods. The rooms vary slightly in quality and the enjoyment of your stay may well depend on the room you are allocated. Most rooms are now double glazed which is essential if your room is near the road. The most basic double rooms are quite small, although they are soundproof and contain everything you need. I have been upgraded on a number of occasions and the superior rooms and junior suites are very nice indeed with plasma T.Vs and loads of room. The gym is satisfactory, the room service dinners are great and the cocktails at the bar are amazing - although somewhat expensive. I've stayed in many hotels across Europe and America and I find this one the most pleasant to stay at. I would highly recommend that you pay the extra £25 and opt for the room upgrade at check-in as you will not be disappointed. If you can't afford the breakfast here, there's a great little place behind the tube station over the road that will cook you almost anything. There is a great pub behind the hotel which does lovely food in the evenings and a Tesco express for other needs.	
May 28 2006	Good Location - Some not-so-great things	Nice location adjacent to Regent's Park and one block from Great Portland Street tube station. Typically small rooms with desk, tv, and nice bathroom. Big step into and out of bathtub/shower. BEDS WERE HORRIBLE! Very hard mattresses (if you can call them that) made for less than great night's sleep. Controls next to bed for lights &amp; hvac fan were nice. Weird elevator control system but easy to use. Thin walls - could hear next-door guest as though he was in our room. This was a Priceline deal for us at $110 per night so didn't feel we lost much. Would not have been happy if paid more. Would not return or recommend to others.	
May 26 2006	I absolutely loved this hotel	Me and my boyfriend stayed at this hotel for 5 nights and we absolutely loved it. It is walking distance from Regent's Park, Madame Tussad's and 3 tube stations (Kings Cross, Regent's Street and Baker Street) If you like to walk you can even walk to Soho and Piccadilly Circus. In the other direction there is a strip club (Spearmint Rhino-for all you single men) The area is beautiful and clean. There are two convient stores down the street that we frequented every night because the places nearby stopped serving food after 10. There are a few pubs in the area but they are mostly for the younger crowd (college kids). There are 2 restraunts within the hotel but they are very expensive. The bed in the hotel was huge!!! It was almost like putting two double beds together. The bathroom was beautiful but the shower was small. You also had to step up into the shower and step out and down which could be very dangerous for older people. (we are in our 30's) The elevator like other reviews have mentioned is a little odd but easy to use. You have to press the floor before you get into it because there are no numbers in the inside. You can exchange currency at the front desk which made it extremely convenient but there is a surcharge (better off doing it at the airport). Overall we had an excellent stay at this hotel and would definitely stay there again!!	
May 22 2006	Well I had a great stay	I must say, I disagree with the most recent posts here... I had a great stay at this hotel, the staff couldn't have been more friendly and professional, plus they upgraded our room at no extra cost and totally at their own suggestion. I booked this as a secret deal through lastminute, and having checked this site was very concerned about what I would find when I arrived there... however, we went with an open mind and were very pleasantly surprised. I would have no hesitation in staying here again.	
May 22 2006	Terrible matress and tiny room	The location was great, but the room and the matress were terrible. I called the front desk shortly after checking in to complain about the matress. I was told that I would need to upgrade to get a better mattress. We were finally moved to another room but it was no better. I have slept on pull out beds that were more comfortable. The room was so small the my husband and I had to take turns walking around..In retrospect we should have upgraded, but I felt that it was a bait and switch situation. London was lovely, but this will be the last time we stay at the Melia White House.	
May 18 2006 	the cheapest mattresses ever!	First impressions were great, very nice lobby with doormen, concierge etc. the bedrooms themselves are small and tacky looking, sort of cheap baroque style. However, sitting on the bed was like sitting on a board - the mattress was awful. After requesting a change of room and being asked to pay for an upgrade which i refused, they moved us to another room which was exactly the same but they said &quot;it had a newer mattress&quot;. After waiting half an hour and being visited by the 'Quality supervisor' they agreed to move us again to the same standard of room but with a decent mattress. Upon pressing, they keep these rooms for guests who complain about the mattresses!On calling housekeeping the next morning as the bed only had a sheet and 1 blanket and i was cold, they brought me up 1 more blanket - clearly they think the temperature in london is comparable to spain...This hotel is not a bargain despite booking through an agent at a discount price, a standard room at a economy brand would have offered the same level of accomodation at a lesser price. Don't bother.	
Apr 25 2006	Awful	I booked this as a 'secret hotel' on lastminute, I can see why they wouldnt want you to know about it before. After i had received confirmation of the actual hotel, i checked it out on here and all i can say is dont be fooled by the positive feedback, these people must have been happy to part with an extra £67 per night to get decent rooms. I wasnt. I even emailed ahead, in light of the comments about noisy rooms, asking for a quiet room. I'm not sure if they didnt understand my request or deliberately put us in room 328 next to the lift shaft but it was the worst 2 nights sleep i have ever had. There were no rooms available for upgrade even with the MAS 'reward' card. The only reward it seemed to get us was a free newspaper, and a half price breakfast, which at over £18 a head is hardly a bargain. To get £18 worth of breakfast you would have to get there at 7 a.m. and keep eating till 11 a.m.Our room was small, noisy, and had the shortest bed i have ever seen. I am not tall (5' 6&quot;) and my feet were hanging over the edge. There was a bottle of cava left in our room 'with compliments' - i'm not sure what it was supposed to be for - possibly that if we were drunk we wouldnt notice that when the person in the next room had a shower we both thought it was in our room. There was a menu of bath salts you can order from for a relaxing bath - what a joke, anyone over 4' tall wouldnt fit in the bath let alone relax in it.If you should dare open the min bar and want to store anything of your own in it they charge you £15.My advice to this chain of hotels is focus a little less on the acres of gilt and faux marble and a bit more on actually making the standard rooms, exactly that, of a good standard. I begrudge having to pay almost double the price just to get a decent room. I would never stay in this hotel again.	
Apr 22 2006	We didn't want to leave!!!	I stayed in this hotel with my 14 yr old son and booked through a discount deal with lastminute. The standard was excellent, particularly in relation to the low price we paid. We were on a budget so steered clear of the restaurant, bar, mini-bar, and other services as it was obvious they would be expensive.Just accross the road is a Tesco convenience store well stocked with wine, food, snacks etc. I stocked up in the room and used the wine glasses provided for a drink of wine instead of using room service. A five min stroll towards Madame Tussauds is a small bistro style cafe on the corner (just after Tussauds). Here you can have an exceptionally large breakfast for £5.95, which is not only lovely but lasts you until the evening. We ate every night in Leicester Square where the restaurants offering buffet style meals are ridiculously low in price (eg. £5) and in abundance.There are at least four tube stations within 5-10 min stroll of the hotel to take you anywhere of any interest in London. One evening we left the hotel at 5.30pm and travelled by tube to Leicester Square where we arrived 15 mins later.The staff at the hotel are extremely helpful, polite and approachable. The rooms were spotlessly clean, well equipped and quiet. We can't wait to go back!!	
Apr 15 2006 	Don't use the phone stay away from rooms close to the elevator	I just saw the Melia White House as an &quot;Exclusive offer at Fabulous 4* deluxe in London up to 72% off&quot; on a last minute web site. Here are my experiences. First I got a room close to the elevator. They should not give these rooms away there are too noisy. Next I had a room fronting the street. They should not ... the same. I tried and used the advertised fitness centre. A fitness machine from a super market was that fitness centre. Apart from Regent Park there is nothing close of any interest. Finally I paid about 200 GBP for using the internet for 2 hrs with my laptop using AOL (a 0800 number). I talked to the manager but there was no way I had to pay. It is no bargain using an up to 72% offer in this place.	
Apr 11 2006	Las ventanas tienen 50 años (por lo menos)	He estado en este hotel cuatro veces así que puedo opinar bien sobre él. Lo mejor de este hotel es lo céntrico que es. Tienes la estación de metro de Great portland Street a 2 minutos y la de regent´s park a 5 minutos. También el 90% de los empleados hablan castellano así que no tendrás problemas si eres español. También tiene enchufes españoles en las habitaciones.Lo malo es que las ventanas tienen 50 años. No verás en España esas ventanas en ningún sito. No es normal que un hotel de 4* superior tenga esas ventanas que hace que entre un frio brutal. En Abril de 2006 cuando he estado yo si ponías un termómetro a 20 centímetros de la ventana marcaba 14 grados con eso lo digo todo. Hay que tener en cuenta que la tarifa media de este hotel es de 120 Libras (180 Euros) por noche. Ese precio merece sin ninguna duda otras ventanas.Otra de las cosas que ha ido a peor en este hotel es el minibar.Primero si metes cualquier cosa en él te van a cobrar 15 Libras (23 Euros) por día. Como lo oyes.Segundo, el minibar es electrónico. Quiere decir que si mueves algo te lo cobran. Yo no lo abrí en los 3 días y me querían cobrar 9 Libras (13 Euros)... En fin menos gastar el dinero en el minibar y mas en las ventanas.	
Apr 4 2006 	Junior Suite vs. Deluxe Rooms -Royal Service	I would like to update the room descriptions from my review posted on November 10, 2005. It seems the L-shaped junior suite rooms I described are unusual- there are only a few of them in the hotel. The normal junior suite is one room, quite spacious, without a separate seating area. The deluxe room is smaller than the junior suite but roomy enough. I would recommend the deluxe room over the junior suite, they are basically the same. If you select Royal Service you will have all of the same amenities. The furniture is similar in both rooms- desk, chair, small sofa and/or armchair. I liked the bathroom in the deluxe room better. It was smaller but nicer. I would choose the junior suite only if the L-shaped style was available. We stayed in the assigned room the first night but requested the L-shaped room for the rest of our stay. The friendly manager and the Royal Staff desk personnel located available rooms in that style and they even brought me to each one so I could choose the one we would like. They really went above and beyond to make us happy. Internet access is available in the room for a fee but we had our laptop and utilized the wireless internet available on the ground floor of the hotel. The wireless fee of 5 pounds per hour is waived for RS guests. An access code is required from the desk. It was another wonderful stay for us at the Melia White House. The Royal Service staff members are amazing; helpful, personable and charming, they made us feel like we owned the hotel! This is still the best value concierge level I have experienced.	
Apr 3 2006	Its a fabulous gem in the heart of London!	I have stayed at this hotel many times in the standard double (okay but no double glazing) and was upgraded to deluxe double which was great. I have stayed in a junior suite with royal service and this was absolutely brilliant and made a special birthday out of this world. I recommend royal service everytime. I have also stayed in room only deluxe double and gone out for breakfast which was again quality and ease I got a lay in! The lifts are high tech and the service second to none. I have a disability and nothing was too much trouble. I am also a Sol Melia card holder and get points for staying and manged a free night! I would go to this hotel with confidence everytime!Good for the theatre, museums really very central.Book now.	
Mar 30 2006	Great find at acceptable price	Reading reviews here, I haven't built high hopes for this hotel, but lastminute offered good price, so we booked it because of that and good location.Hotel was better then expected. Yes, room was not big, but enough. Not cold at all - we kept windows open throughout day/night. Knowing about single blanket/sheet problem, we did request that blankets are put inside cover and that was done without any problem.Service - excellent - two concierges gave us perfect recommendation - an older guy was specialist in dining places, young one gave great advise about time out in Camden town.Location - outstanding - 2 tube stations just there.	
Mar 28 2006	A great hotel with affordable rates - especially for London!	The staff was friendly and the rooms were clean. We did not eat at the hotel, but found nice small restaurants very close to the hotel. We had a group of 4 and all agreed it was fantastic. We would stay here again and would recommend it to others - as we have done since returning home.	
Mar 20 2006	glad I didn't pay full price	I stayed in this hotel in March.Good points: Nice location, near Euston Station, away from the main road and next to Regent's ParkBuffet Breakfast was plentiful and included in my room rate, lots of variety, and good staffCheck in was swift and all staff were very nice and helpfulDecor is tasteful and stylishBad points:Rooms are tiny. It feels like they chopped two rooms in half with a plasterboard partitionPlasterboard partition between rooms could be an issue if your neighbours are much noisier than ours were (I could here their telly quite clearly)Windows are extremely draghty. Fan heaters in the ceiling are next to the door and bathroom, so the main body of the room was freezing. Bedding: one sheet, one thin blanket. I was very very cold.The lift system is a little eccentic but wasn't a huge issue during our stay.I have to say, I am glad I got a special rate for this hotel, had I paid full price I would have felt ripped off. As it is, I could have statyed in a Travelodge near Kings Cross for half the price and been more comfortable.	
Mar 20 2006	Fabulous Staff Location 	My daughter and I stayed here for a week. Prior to our arrival, I emailed the hotel asking for advice about taking my 10 year old on a Harry Potter Tour, etc. when we entered our beautiful room there was a bag of gifts for her. Harry Potter Legos, coloring book and other HP gifts. Definitely over and above. The food was excellent, the rates were reasonable (booked AA) and the experience was excellent. Everyone was kind and helpful, the tube station is across the street as well as the busses. I can't say enough about our excellent experience. Spend the extra pounds for the Royal Service (it's worth it in the long run). Definitely stay at this hotel.	
Feb 8 2006	Hated the cityloved the hotel	I was able to get a free upgrade to a deluxe room.The room was really fantastic,whit all the functional amenities an hotel should have.We hated the city(rain and too expensive)so coming back in our hotel room was a big relief.The rooms was in dark red and yellow cream color.Fantastic huge bed.And the location is really convenient.It takes about 15 minutes walk to Piccadilly.Their much advertised breakfast buffet is incredible but really expensive.I don't know if I will go back to London again.I case this tragedy will happen,I will stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 2 2006 	January 2006 stay	Stayed at this one Jan 27-Feb 1We arrived 10AM and they gave us a room immediately.That was the best thing about this place.As others have noted, the elevator system was a bit odd. At first I thought this would be an advantage, but during the 6 days, I got stuck three times on an elevator when it would close at the floor we were on and then would not move. We had to push the open door button, get out of the elevator, push our floor number on the outside pad and then step back into the elevator. Also, there were several times when an elevator at the lobby was full, but because we had pushed our floor on the pad, it would not close, and we couldn't get on because it was full. This was amusing the first time, but annoyed the 7th or 8th.As others have noted, the room was small, but I've encountered this at other London hotels.Others also mentioned the mattress. I have to agree. These mattresses were the absolute worst I have stayed on in London in the past 25 years. They reminded me of the $40 mattresses I bought at Ikea for my kids beds (until they were potty trained).Others have noted that the soundproofing was good in the hotel. I would have to disagree. The room next to us was occupied for only one night and at 4:00 that night, the couple had a really good fight which we could hear every word of. I was going to ask for a new room, but they left the next morning.The windows in our room were casement windows that I would estimate at about 40 years old. They could not be closed all the way, the latch wouldn't close so there was a little crack. As a result, one side of our room was very cold (it was below freezing at night) and the other side of the room was hot.And finally, my girlfriend had to leave for two days to see clients in Germany. She requested a wakeup call for 4AM the morning she had to leave. The call was not made!!! Luckily, she had set her cell phone alarm to go off, else she would have missed her flight.Oh, and of course, the Great Portland Street tube stop was closed for the whole weekend we were there. This wasn't the hotel's fault though, but it just added to the flavor of the stay.All in all, I would have to say that this is the worst hotel I have stayed at in London since I started visiting 25 years ago (and I travel to London 4-6 times a year).	
Feb 1 2006 	Would stay here again	We have just spent one night at this hotel as it was close to where my Husband had a meeting.We had a superior room that was very clean and had a huge (7ft) very comfortable bed.The staff were very helpful our bathroom sink was blocked so I reported it to reception and it was sorted within 10 mins.I also had to request my feather pillow be changed and this was again done quickly and with a smile. We had a very nice meal in the evening and excellent breakfast with a fantastic choice of food. My only complaint would be paying over £11.00 for one tea one coffee and a plate of very ordinary biscuits (custard creams and bourbon)in the bar the next morning.We would stay here again but not order tea and coffee!	
Jan 24 2006	Fantastic breakfasts!	I booked the White House Melia with lastminute as a &quot;top secret&quot; hotel. However, through a bit of sleuthing via copying and pasting the description onto google i quickly found out what hotel it was and therefore booked it! It pretty much lived up to its very good reputation. The breakfast was the best ive ever had in a hotel with such a fantastic vareity I'd stay there again for that reason alone! The room which was the one up from the standard was good too. A wonderfully huge bed and lots of space. I'd definitly stay again and would recommend it to people.On a slight downside we were staying next to the service list and therefore there was a constant wurring noise!!! We did ask to be moved but then decided it was too much hassle. (We were hoping for an offer of a free upgrade as we had put up with it the previuos night, but it was not to be as they were of course fully booked!!) However, the next night we had had a good drink when it came to go to bed so we didnt notice it!Oh, and the tube station immediately opposite is closed after about 8pm or was it 10pm! Well we didnt find out til the tube didnt stop! However, Regents Park Station is 200m around the corner and is actually on a better tube line for toursit atttractions!	
Jan 14 2006 	Not worth full price...	Stayed here for 3 nights alone whilst on a course. Booked through lastminute for about £70/night. My room was very small, even by London standards. Had to climb over the bed to get to the desk. Wasn't very impressed with the single bed - a sheet with a blanket and a lumpy mattress. Decor is fancy, the room was well cleaned every day and complimentary biscuits etc re-stocked. I was on the sixth floor and it was quiet. The bathroom was lovely with a great shower.I didn't eat in the hotel or use room service, and certainely wasn't prepared to pay just under £20 for breakfast!! Receptionists were efficient and friendly. I didn't have to queue and my room was ready when I arrived mid afternoon.If would consider staying here again - but mainly for the brilliant location. Just opposite a tube station and 10 mins walk to Oxford Street.	
Jan 10 2006	A Good Place For London	I recently got back from my trip to the UK and stayed at the Melia White House with my girlfriend upon our arrival. I got a deal off of Hotwire and I was determined not to get stuck with &quot;the hotwire room.&quot; Because I paid significantly less by using Hotwire I was sure that I would have the crappy room next to the elevator or with a window staring at a brick wall. But luckily that was not the case, our room was small, but overlooked the traffic circle outside the hotel and we were able to see the snow falling in the early morning. Good things about the hotel...-The room is small, but its LONDON and its cozy and it has everything you need a bed, a toilet, a tv, and a shower(plus a North American adapted plug) -A staff that was professional and respectable (to us at least)-Location was nice, walking distance to everything.Negatives About the hotel...-The bed could have been a little more comfortable, and the walls could have been a little thicker (you can hear your neighbors TV)-A continental breakfast for 17 pounds (around $30) is like a $40 pizza...it's cannot be worth it-Oh and just in case... The four cheese pizza from Room Service (when everything else is closed)...the worst combinations of cheeses I have ever witnessed.In conclusion, I was nervous upon arrival as I searched every hotel (in the $100 a night range) I saw on trip advisor, but it suited us fine. It is London, wake up and leave in the morning and come back and go to sleep, that is all you need. I will say though, if I had spent $300 a night for this I would be crying!!!Lastly, an odd thing is that when you get off the elevators it is like the inside of a cruise ship, you will see!	
Jan 2 2006	Great accommodation for N.Y. Eve in London	Booked as a top secret hotel via lastminute and was delighted with the Melia White House Hotel. The hotel is very clean, spacious, the staff were all very friendly and helpful - the guy on Concierge has excellent knowledge of London.Ourselves and our friends all had deluxe rooms which were very high standard. The hotel was not noisy - despite staying there on New Year's Eve. The room's aircon system worked well (on non-smoking 8th floor) and didn't experience any smell of smoke as other reviewers have mentioned. Also, the bed was huge - about 7 foot, and extremely comfortable. Would recommend this hotel / stay there again.	
Jan 1 2006	Recommended at the right price	I just returned from a six night stay with a friend of mine at the Melia White House in London. I have stayed at Melia hotels before and have generally found the accommodations to be very nice. The Melia White House was no exception in certain areas. I loved the location. Three tube stations offering different tube lines were within walking distance. I only made a change of trains once. Nearly everything can be reached directly if you walk to the correct station. In addition, you can walk into SOHO easily on foot. The hotel was in excellent shape and the room had four star features. Yes, it was probably small compared to other cities, but more than adequate for a London hotel. The elevators are lightening fast using a system I had never seen before. You select your floor from a touchscreen and then it will tell you which elevator to take. So, we're clearly at a minimum of four stars UNTIL YOU REACH THE S-WORD. I mean Service. I tried calling reception from my room several times and the staff rarely answers. On the day before my scheduled check-out, my key card stopped working. I used the phone next to the elevators on my floor to call reception. No answer. I then called the Consierge. He refused to assist or send anyone to let me in or bring new cards. He insisted that come down to the lobby. I did so and went to the consierge desk. He then told me I would have to wait in the long line of check-ins to get new cards. I told him that was not acceptable and requested that he simply obtain new cards for me by visiting the reception. I pointed out that this was not my error. He refused, so I asked for a manager. Several minutes later, an assistant manager showed up and acknowledged that the consierge should have done more to help. He was apologetic and took care of the problem. My point is this. Why was all of that necessary at a four star hotel? And why is reception unavailable? Clearly, this is a three star facility due to SERVICE. Otherwise, it's a beautiful hotel in a grand location. I got an EXCELLENT deal on the hotel via Hotwire.com ($103 per night) so I am very happy overall. I would stay there again anytime at a similar rate. Just my two cents worth.. hope it helps somebody.	
Dec 1 2005 	Liked it a lot	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here. Location is very close to Regents Park and great Portland St so it was very convenient to travel around town.The room was very comfortable, modern and quiet. Breakfast wasnt bad either, decent selection	
Nov 29 2005	Good location and nice service	I and my girlfriend stayed at the Melia White House during a weekend last October. Main pro - close location near center of London (Regents Park), very close to Great Portland Street tube. Our room was small but cozy. Nice furnishings, responsive staff. So - we did enjoy it, I'm just not sure it was best value for money but we like it.We didn’t pay for the breakfast because there was a lot café not far from the hotel. Especially (for the evening) I will recommend Italian restaurant not far from the Hotel (15 minutes walk) – Pescatori. It’s a superb restaurant with good service and delicious food. We'd stay here again anytime, and wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to others.	
Nov 19 2005 	Beware the 2star flophouse wing with WW2 mattresses	When you book the Melia White House through Hotwire (great rate $125), please be aware of the following business practice.When you check in, you're asked whether you'd like to upgrade to a &quot;larger and more comfortable room&quot; for 20 pounds. That sounds like a good deal, but if you're just there to have a good night's sleep, a larger room doesn't do much for you.I declined the upgrade. The room was small with two twin beds; it had a comfortable feel to it and looked good.The mattresses were among the worst I have encountered in 15 years of business travel (creaky, unsupportive, you could feel the springs). The pillows were about 3 inches thick and felt like foam. The last time I've had mattresses this bad was in Crete, where we checked into a hotel late at night without having done any research. At 4 a.m., after having tried for more than 3 hours to fall asleep, but finding the mattresses impossible to get comfortable on (and becoming increasingly angry, with visions of dragging the mattress into the hotel's reception area in the morning), I spoke to the night manager. He handled the matter well, and immediately switched me to what I now assume is the room I would have had with the 20 pound upgrade. This room had proper mattresses, a proper douvet, and comfortable pillows. I ended up having 4 hours of sleep.Smart hotel chains are starting to wise up to the fact (the primordial brain is evolving) that most customers expect a good night's sleep, and that proper mattresses and bedding play a significant role in this. Hotels that offer two levels of service under the same brand... well, I just don't get it.So... if you book with Hotwire, either go for the 20 pound upgrade, or take a chance and get the 2 star mattress room. I'd suggest complaining about the mattress sooner than I did. (immediately, and with a proper amount of outrage.)	
Oct 22 2005	Loved the White House!	We stayed at the Melia White House during a long weekend break last summer. Convenient location near Regents Park, Great Portland Street tube stop, pubs (the Green Man was particularly good), and grocery stores.Air conditioning kept our room cool and pleasant during the hot, muggy days and nights. Nice furnishings, pleasant staff, cramped bathrooms... be careful in the high tub and small shower. We paid for the &quot;Royal Service&quot; upgrade, which provided us with an upgraded room, upgraded toiletries, and use of the lounge/breakfast room, including drinks, breakfasts and tapas in the evening. I'm not sure I'd do the upgrade again, but I think my husband probably would...we did enjoy it, I'm just not sure it was good value for money.We'd stay here again anytime, and wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to others.	
Oct 14 2005	I like it and would stay there again	We stayed at the Melia for a week in September 2005. The staff--from the front desk, concierge, porters, housekeeping, to the restaurant staff--were ALL courteous and helpful. The breakfast buffet was fabulous and had something to suit every dietary preference. It's less than one block from a tube station and very close to Regent's Park. Nearby are some good pubs and a pretty good Mediterranean restaurant. We felt comfortable walking around the neighborhood at night.Our room, although small, was clean and comfortable. I did have a problem getting in and out of the bathtub because I'm short, only 5'2&quot;.I have absolutely no complaints about Melia White House and can't wait to stay there again.	
Oct 9 2005	tries hard but not worth its Hotwire rating	The purpose of this review is to warn avid Hotwire fans - like myself before this experience - that this hotel is always offered through Hotwire for a super low price at a four star rating. I paid $125 a night through Hotwire, which was great, but this hotel was NOT 4 stars. Considering that Hotwire rates the Paris InterContinental 4 stars [where I also stayed], it's outrageous they would put Melia White House on the same level. First of all, maybe I'm too chi-chi, but the beds do NOT have any top sheets! I think that's gross! You just go straight into your covers with zero fresh sheet protection - who knows what other stinky feet have been touching the coverlet. I know the Melia is a Mexican/Latin American chain, but I've been to lots of hotels in South America, and they all had sheets! bathroom amenities: the hairdryer was a joke - a vacuum like relic from the 1950s. The soaps/hair shampoos, etc. were a total generic brand that had no scent and that were all orange in color. At the Paris InterContinental, it was all Moulton Brown. More importantly, hotel management (they're all from South America) likes to give you the runaround with what I call, &quot;faux-first-class service.&quot; They try uber-hard to be first class in service with unnecessary pomp such as addressing you as Madame, having a tacky chandeliar in the lobby or a bunch of bellhops in the front, but when push comes to shove and you need extra help, they really don't know how to deal and they'll promise you the world, and then not do anything about it. My word to management: go to a real first class hotel in Europe for training, and then come back, you have NO idea how a real first-class hotel should be. For example, I had an issue with the buffet breakfast [incidentally, it's fantastic] but as the hotel only has one restaurant [which is inferior to begin with since late breakfasters will be rushed out], the buffet ends at 10:30 a.m. If you come in at 10 a.m. and pay full price [$30 US per person], you'll get hosed since they'll start noisily packing up at 10:15. Well, I complained, I definitely did not get my money's worth and the management came over, was trying really hard to be elegant and hospitable, but nonetheless, I was still charged for it and when I complained to upper management, they promised to look into when I left but of course, never heard back from them [although the manager took down my e-mail, phone number, home address, etc.] So, there you have it. It's a decent hotel, I would put it on the same par as a good Holiday Inn, but servicewise and amenities wise, definitely only 3 stars [as TripAdvisor has rated it].	
Sep 16 2005	just okay	There are several good things about the Melia White House: the location is excellent, the service is polite and professional, and the housekeeping is efficient. Yes the rooms are small and the walls are thin, but this is the case in most moderately-priced European hotels - invest in some ear plugs and pick up after yourself and you'll be fine. As some earlier mentioned, sometimes you just need a place to eat and sleep. When it comes down to it, I'd like a convenient location, clean room and comfortable bed. The White House gets two out of three right. The beds (at least in the standard rooms) are terrible - there is no other way to put it. You can feel the springs everytime you roll over, which you end up doing a lot because they sag in the middle. All the polished marble foyers in the world can't make up for a bad night's sleep.I'm assuming that the beds in the deluxe rooms are a big improvement, you should definitely do the upgrade.	
Sep 13 2005 	The Worst Customer Service	DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL.....I have just found I was charged twice for my stay, they say they kept another room and it was all my fault. No offer of refund or and future discount as good will, they just told me they will do nothing. SO NOT MY ERROR but hotel keeps my cash.....SPREAD THE WORD THIS HOTEL IS ONE TO AVOID!!! (Plus the room was tiny!)My not so helpful customer service woman was Berta - thanks for nothing!	
Aug 31 2005	Excellent Hotel	I take it most of these reviews are from the US? here is one from a native Brit, enjoying my own Capital in spite of the bombers!The White House is right out of Agatha Christie; you expect to see Periot coming out of the reception! The decor is excellent, mostly red and gold (Spanish tribute to the managment I take it)We were upgraded to &quot;Royal Service&quot; and got a great room, although I do agree about the &quot;bathtubs&quot; being difficult to get in and out of (and I am only 44!)The breakfast buffet was excellent, freshly cooked (you can ask for your omlette anyway you like it!). The guests were Spanish, American, German and, yes the Italian Aircrew too. It was like staying on the continent with the facilities of home and the beauty of Regents park to relax in just a short 5 mins walk away.	
Aug 24 2005	Great value from Hotwire	I recently spent three nights at the Melia White House, and for the price I paid, I can't complain. Yes, it's true, the standard rooms are tiny. In fact I think it was smaller than my stateroom on my cruiseship that I took prior to my stay here, with the exception of the presence of a bathtub that is awkward getting in and out of as already reported. You can upgrade your room for 20 GBP, but what's the point, if you are only instereted in sleeping there. The hotel looks attractive enough on the inside. Checkin and out was a snap and the Concierge was very helpful. The mattresses really could be a little better. They were rather &quot;springy&quot;. The location was fine, with great access to Great Portland Station. However, if you are lugging suitcases on the tube, beware that there are no escalators at Great Portland, so if your bags are heavy, have fun! It was an adventure. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again at under $115 U.S. per night including taxes, which is fantastic for London standards (no breakfast included for Hotwire guests).	
Aug 4 2005	4 Star Hotel 3 Star Service	Melia White House was a nice hotel with large rooms for European standards. It was in a nice out of the way location that was quiet. The furniture and carpets were a little worn, but still nice. The breakfast buffet was wonderful and if you ate late you would not need to eat lunch. I was disappointed when they would not let my husband get me breakfast when I was sick. They said he had to order room service. All he wanted was a piece of bread and banana!! No 4 star service there! We were also disappointed when we called for a bellhop to get our bags and no one came. Again, not what you would expect from a star hotel. Nice room---poor service!	
Aug 3 2005	Good location great price online	I stayed at the Melia White House Hotel in London on a three-day trip in June 2005. I booked the hotel on one of the websites that lets you choose the star rating of the establishment, but doesn't reveal the hotel until you have paid. This hotel was definitely worth the suspense! The hotel is situated only a block from Regent's Park, off of Marlyebone, so it is remains quiet during peak traffic times. The Great Portland Street tube station was only a block away and Madame Tussauds was within comfortable walking distance. When we checked in, a flyer at the front desk showed rooms starting at 225 GBP; I only paid $125 through the travel website! The rooms were small but well appointed and the staff, from the front desk to housekeeping, was extremely polite and helpful.	
Jul 27 2005	Rooms Too Small - Avoid	The standard rooms at GBP128 a night are very poor value. The smallest hotel room I've ever been in. Asked to change but that required a GBP30 extra.	
Jul 22 2005	Great for the able	We used this hotel as our choice from a selection offered by Trafalgar Tours. It was rated in the &quot;upper middle&quot; category and the 2005 Trafalgar London/Europe brochure lists it as not having AC. Not true! After a multi-million dollar refurbishment, it was beautiful -- and cool. The Trafalgar book also said that all their tour hotels include a contintental breakfast. Again, they sold the Melia White House short! On our first morning, we asked where the complimentary breakfast was and were directed toward their only dining room with a sign outside that said the breakfast buffet was 19 pounds per person. I said, &quot;Oh, no, we want the FREE breakfast,&quot; but at the Melia, that was it! Eggs, waffles, omlets, pancakes next to an enormous bowl of hot chocolate sauce (whew!); eggs, English breakfast bacon, sandwiches, fruits, piizza, cereals, and on and on and on! Attentive service as well. We saved big bucks by eating a huge breakfast, a mid-afternoon lunch, and then an evening snack instead of dinner. You can save a lot of money this way if you didn't come to London to eat. Hotel is clean and beautifully refurbished, as was our room. Yes it's small, but who goes to London to stay in your room? Hotel backs up on the beautiful Retents Park and is a few steps from the underground. A convenience store (for those aforementioned money saving snacks and fresh fruit) and restaurants are next to the underground station as well. So now the only caveat: in the beautiful remodeling of this hotel, the bathtub in our standard class room was VERY elevated -- apparently to run the drain pipes. This is fine if you're fit and spry (but even then, it's a climb in and out -- hang on to the grab bar); but we talked with an older woman in the lobby who found climbing in and out of the tub downright frightening. Don't know if the higher priced rooms also have this challenge. Other than that, a really wonderful place to stay. Italian airline crews stay there -- usually a good sign.	
Jul 22 2005 	OK. Nice but nothing special	Pros: Clean, nice furniture, nice bathrooms.&quot;Royal Service&quot; worth the upgrade cost. You get full breakfast, beverages throughout the day, and free cosktails, food and dessert from 5 to 10 in a nice lounge.Quiet location for sleeping. Nice neighborhood, serval major tubes within 100 yards.Quick room service. Food alsways came in 10-15 minutes.Pretty friendly staff, although they always assume you speak Spanish - though they switch to english quickly (spanish hotel chain)Cons: Dead at night. Pretty much nothing around there after 9 ish. Internet service. I paid a large (15 pounds) fee to get access in my room for 24 hours. While in the &quot;Royal&quot; lounge, they hve wireless signs on all the talbes. So I get my laptop and come back. Try and go on and they say I need an access code from front desk. Seeing as I have already paid for the next 24 hours, and it is the same provider, I assume I will get access. NOPE. They wnat me to pay ANOTHER 15 pounds to access the internet - through the same company that I have already paid for access. This is &quot;Royal Service&quot; Not.	
Jul 22 2005	Decent experience with Melia White House	Me and my girlfriend went to London for the first time. I was able to get the Melia White house for $105 a night on hotwire. We got a room with two single beds, which by no means were luxorious, but they were adequate enough to be comfortable. I am 6'0 tall, and had no problems. The hotel is located in a prime location of central London. It was very quiet, and well located in a safe area of London, near the edge of Regent's park. The room itself was adequate for our needs, and the location - right across from the great portland tube station couldn't be beat. Great air conditioning, no major noise or slamming of doors. Got a great night sleep each night. positives - location, friendliness of staffnegatives - 95 pence a minute for phone - go to the pay phone in the lobby instead, high mini bar rates. Nothing out of the ordinary for 4* in a major city.	
Jul 19 2005	Decent hotel but terrible service - avoid "standard single" room at all costs	I just got back from staying at the Melia for three nights and wanted to share my not-so-positive experience. I booked by room through hotwire and got a standard single room which had a strange bed that is too short for anyone taller than 5'6&quot; (the bed itself was around 5'9&quot; long). Besides the bed, the room was reasonably clean and comfortable but by no means luxurious. My issue with the hotel came when I asked to be relocated to a room with a bed that fit me. I was shown a &quot;standard double&quot; room that had a normal double mattress in it but the hotel insisited that I had to pay 20 pounds a night (~$40) if I wanted to &quot;upgrade&quot; to this room even though the hotel front desk plainly lists the single and double rooms at the same rate. I eventually got the room without having to pay extra, but I had to argue with the manager for an hour and 20 minutes to get it ... not a fun experience. One other word of caution: the hotel is located in a residential part of town with limited restaurants/nightlife nearby if that matters to you.I wouldn't ever stay at the Melia again unless the staff learned basic customer service skills.	
Jun 21 2005 	Not bad at all	Stayed 20th June 2005. The location is good, the welcome and professionalism of the staff was mediocre, and the lobby is, frankly, pretty cheesy. However, once you battle past the bizarre lift system, and cope with a grim colour scheme in the corridors, the rooms themselves are smart, well-appointed and quiet (by London standards).This would have got a 5-star rating, but the air-conditioning was almost non-existent on one of the hottest nights of the year. I'd certainly stay again in cooler weather.	
Jun 18 2005	Impressive	I chose this hotel through Expedia after an extensive search for a hotel in London. What a wonderful hotel! I upgraded to a superior room which was somewhat small, as I have noticed most European hotels seem to be, but it was beautifully furnished. A very comfortable bed and excellent staff made our stay there thoroughly enjoyable. The business center the hotel offered was very good, as well. Highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 3 2005	Great Deal for a very nice London hotel	My parents stayed at this hotel while visiting me when I lived in London. They stayed a week, and we were concerned we wouldn't find an affordable place to stay. Seven nights in London can easily run $1400+, so we were very happy when we sought out Priceline and got a hotel near my apartment for $100 per night. As it turned out, this was a superb bargain.The White House is quite luxurious. The lobby has a great marble finish, and there is a nice bar/lounge area. My parents arrived around 10:00 am, and their room (understandably) was not yet ready, but Spanish native working the front desk was extremely courteous and apologetic. After walking around London during the morning, we returned about 1:00 and the room was ready. And what a room it was! By London standards, this room was a palace. As large, if not larger, than a room in a 4-star American hotel. It came complete with a trouser press, coffee maker, and towel warmer. It also had American-style outlets, so converters were not necessary for hair dryers, curling irons, etc. The location of the hotel is also very good. It's within walking distance of the British Museum, and just a block from the Great Portland Street tube stop. The concierge was very helpful in securing theater tickets and recommending other activities.I realize, however, that my parents got this hotel for a STEAL at $100 per night. Be aware that you may not get that price, especially if you are staying for a short period. Furthermore, room service and drinks are quite expensive (as they are at all London hotels). Still this place was great -- I would definitely stay here on my next visit to London.	
May 29 2005	Would Stay Again in a Heartbeat!!	I booked this hotel for a trip with my boyfriend for my birthday. Trying to choose a hotel in London is stressful. I ended up using a blind booking site, Hotwire based on my friend's suggestions. I couldn't have been happier. The location was great, 5 minute walk to the Tube. Regent Park closeby. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very nice. The only thing I think they could improve upon was the mattress. Just not very comfortable, a little lumpy. But all in all, I was tremedously pleased and would stay here again with no issue.	
May 11 2005	Lovin it	my girlfriend and i stayed in the melia white house for valentines weekend this year and we thought it was fabulous!! We arrived in london a few hours before we could check in but the concierge was very helpful and took our bags for us so we could go sightseeing for the day. when we returned we checked in and went to our room. the room was of a high standard with massive bed! very impressed. the breakfasts were very good as well, and you could eat as much as you liked (there was everything from full english to pancakes or sandwiches). we would reccomend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in london. the rooms arent small like some of the yanks say, theyre fine.	
May 1 2005	Much better than expected	I booked this hotel through Lastminutes secret hotel section where hotel name not known until after payment is made.My girlfriend and I were having dinner in Mayfair and so had searched for hotels in London W1. Was therefore somewhat put out to find that this hotel was in NW1 and feared the worst.However was very pleasantly surprised.Hotel is located within a few minutes taxi ride of West End and so is very convenient.Car parking is a few minutes walk away but the concierge made a space available for us there for a modest charge of £10 per day (compares with £30 per day in NCP.)Staff were mostly Spanish and generally were enthusiastic and friendly.Rooms were better than we expected for price we were paying and were well furnished and almost luxurious. Some of furniture a little chipped around edges and a few stains on carpets but all minor.We had a superior room and it was of reasonable size. The only negative was the bathroom which was small. This conflicts with some of the other reviews on this site so might be worthwhile to enquire about this when checking in.Would definitely stay in this hotel again.	
Apr 19 2005	Loved the White House	After reading reviews of this hotel on Tripadvisor i was looking forward to our stay and we were not dissapointed. We got a free upgrade (without asking !!!) The hotel is 2 mins walk from the tube station and is in a quiet street. The rooms were of good size with a lovely bathroom. Breakfast was included in our stay which was excellent also (note it is £18.50pp if you have to pay for it).To sum up the Melia hotel group as a whole we have found to be excellent and this one is no exception. Great stay and would go back tomorrow.	
Apr 17 2005	Great location	The Melia White House hotel met all of our needs for a 3 day visit to London with friends: clean, good service, and most of all great location. I feel that for a London hotel, the price is superb - that is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 3. The hotel is metres awat from the Great Portland Tube Station, but was also conveniently located neat Regent and Warren Street stations, as well. We did not eat at the hotel as the prices were steep, but there were plenty of other nice and reasonable cafes nearby. The location to Regents Park was superb, as well, for a walk or run through the gardens to start the day and a stop at the cafe there for strawberries and cream! I did not find the rooms to be very impressive, but we did not spend much time there. We had the basic room with 2 twin beds and it was small, but there are other options if it is a concern and you want to spend more money.	
Apr 14 2005	We loved it	I took my partner to London for a surprise birthday trip and had booked the Melia White House by accident rather than recommendation (a special offer where I booked without knowing the hotel). What a very pleasant surprise we had. The reception was not only beautiful and spotless but the service was 2nd to none. We opted to upgrade to a superior room and although the room was slightly small the decor and standard made up for this. Everything was in working order and cleans towels in plentiful suppply. The bar was relaxed, comfortable with superb service and the ideal spot to chill out after a hard days shopping. Although slightly expensive it was no more so than any other 4 star hotel I have stayed at. I enjoyed my stay so much that I have booked again this May as a birthday treat for my son's first London trip and can't wait to get there.	
Apr 7 2005	Great choice	Very pleasantly surprised. Room was smallish, as European rooms seem to be, but beautifully appointed. Comfortable bed, great pillows, some American plugs with no need for converter. Bathroom very nice with great magnifying mirror. Be warned, tub sits very high off the floor which can be challenging even if you are fairly tall. Could have used a step stool! Breakfast buffet was incredible...huge variety of really good food. Hotel staff, particularly one young doorman, were very nice and helpful. Great location, directly across street from underground station (Great Portland).We would most definitely stay there again. Excellent value for your money. Don't forget your washclothes ...European hotels evidently don't provide them. The towels were nice, though. Big bath sheets on a towel warmer.	
Mar 17 2005	Loved it!!	I have stayed here with my partner 2 or 3 times, although usually only for a couple of nights and loved it every time!It is in a great location and we did have nice walk through the park to get to London Zoo one afternoon!The first time we stayed here we were in a standard room which was better then I ever expected, big &amp; spacious with lovely decor and everything you needed! It was a very comfortable bed with an impressive bathroom - apart from the plug in the bath with I kept closing by accident when showering! But I have also experienced a superior room, which was even larger and still really great!The food in the cafe tasted and looked great and was a really good price! And the evening restaurant was absolutely fabulous. Great food and excellent service throughout! We also enjoy a nice cocktail in the bar before bed. This is very relaxing as there are many big lounge sofas and waiters/waitresses getting everything for you!I was also impressed with up to date lift system they used which seems to work well.The atmosphere here makes you feel like you're really on holiday, a million miles away from busy London!I would reccomend this hotel to anyone, if you don't mind paying the price. Its great for a romantic short break not far from home!	
Mar 17 2005	Good start bad finish	This was one of those hotel stays where things started out great and then went downhill fast. We booked a 'mystery hotel' through lastminute and were pleasantly surprised on arrival at how plush and clean the lobby and rooms were for the price we paid.We were also very appreciative of the friendly Spanish lady on reception who got us into the room 2 hours ahead of check-in time, and good, friendly concierge service.Nothing wrong with the room or service but I subsequently had a bad experience with the special Valentine's Day buffet - food poisoning, apparently from shellfish. The local council has since checked the hotel's procedures and reported all OK, and no other reports of illness apart from mine, but the experience has put me off trying this place again.There was also some sleight-of-hand with the buffet pricing - billed as a (pricey, even for London) £35 a head, it turned out that VAT wasn't included and the 'optional' service charge was added to the bill before presentation and easily missed. So the £70 bill expected at the door turned into about £90 (we did add a drink or two)...We were initially impressed with the comprehensiveness of the breakfast buffet but staff took ages to replace empty platters of eggs and we didn't want to wait.I was also unhappy to get - after we returned home - an extra credit card bill for 'minibar' which we hadn't used but we got that refunded without comment, explanation, apology or the returned phone call we were promised. They did, though, efficiently return an item we left in the room.	
Feb 24 2005	Great hotel great service	We stayed at the Melia White House Feb 18-21, 2005 and had a great time. Hotel is centrally located, close to several tube stops, and within walking distance of many restaurants. Our flight was overnight, so we arrived at 10am, (exhausted) and they put us in a room right away. We were so grateful! Nice room with very comfortable bed and great bathtub. Our room included breakfast, and were very pleased with the breakfast buffet and the service in the restaurant. Staff was very helpful, lots of suggestions for our very short stay. My husband's birthday was on the second day of our stay. I ordered a birthday cake from room service, and they sent it on the house. We were very happy with the Melia, and would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 15 2005	Worth a stay	The Melia White House Hotel is very grand, friendly, clean and accessible hotel and one to stay at again.The only critism is that there is no parking (have to use local NCP) and the alcoholic drinks at the bar are extortionate and not for the average budget person. Based on the price of the drinks, we did not entertain the restaurant and decided to venture out to a local Indian in theatreland.	
Jan 22 2005	More of a 2-3 Star Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Melia for 4 days in January 2004. We checked in after midnight for our first visit to London due to weather delays in NY. The first impression of the staff was that they were definitely not English. There was a bit of confusion with the check-in; front desk claimed they did not have our reservation. Upon showing them the expedia print out recipt, the manager came out and they sorted out the problem. It seemed that the staff was new and there was a language barrier (staff was Spanish). Nevertheless, here are the pros and cons:Pros: Great location with the Great Portland Station across the street. Relatively safe to walk at night. For those of you first time visitors, the tube shuts down around 10-11PM. Therefore, if you plan to stay late in Picadilly Circus the cab ride is relatively cheap. Unlike other reviewers complaining the noise level, we found it relatively quiet. Maybe we got lucky with the that but there were other things we were not lucky with-see below.Cons: As expressed by other reviewers, our room was extremely small. We could barely open our suitcase in the room without putting it on the bed. It sort of resembled Chevy Chases National Lampoon's European Vacation London room, but a tad bigger and with gold crown molding. Another pet peeve was the smell of the bed and pillow. It actually smelled like body odor. That was a pretty bad turnoff. The bathtub is really dangerous to get in and out of. The tub is very high and you have to step into it. The floor is marble (which is nice) but gets very slippery when wet so you have to be very careful when you get into the shower. I often wondered about the older guests who stay at this hotel and if they have a hard time getting in the shower. Another con is the staff, they were not helpful at all. When we inquired for a good English breakfast off premise, they were unable to recommend a place. The staff were just not informative at all.All in all, this is definitely not a 4 star hotel. I have no idea how Expedia can rate this below average establishment a 4 star hotel. At most, it's between 2 - 3 Stars. Depending on what type of traveller you are, Melia may be the hotel for you. If you dont care for service and just want a roof over your head for the night, this may be the place for you. If you're a first time visitor, a good hotel may make a big difference on your trip. Overall, we had a wonderful time in London and would probably vist again, just not to the Melia Whitehouse.	
Dec 19 2004	good hotel at reasonable price	I am well travelled and, over the years, have come to conclude that a good hotel consists of: 1) quiet room, 2) good air circulation in summer AND winter, 3) cleanliness and 4) comfortable bed. After those 4 things, everything else is secondary. The Melia White House ranks high on all 4 criteria making it a worthwhile property. As is reported in some other reviews, here are the ratings on other elements:Location: If you use the underground it is great. Very convenient to the Great Portland stop.Bellman: Excelllent, very helpfulConcierge: Surly and unhelpfulDesk staff: professional but cold (it is Britain after all!)Breakfast buffet: excellent with friendly staffOverall, for London, a fair value.	
Nov 26 2004	Melia is 3 star Hotel at best	Just like one of your reviewers below - I too have stayed at the Ritz + numerous other 4/5 star hotels. Unlike the reviewer I am amazed he/she can make a comparison. The Melia White House is a 3 star Hotel at the very best. The rooms are not sound proofed as advertised and are very noisy. My room was'nt particuarly clean and as noted by your other reviewers extremley small even by London standards. The only positive was the very courteous staff and the location.	
Nov 24 2004	Great breakfast but otherwise average	My Wife and I stayed at the hotel last week. The reception area was very good with friendly staff. We were however very disapointed to be put in a room next door to bedrooms which were being worked on. The workmen had striped the rooms bear and the noise of drilling and banging was awful. I had to ask a member of staff for a plate which was missing from our room and it all appeared to be too much trouble for her. The drink prices in the bar were a rip off eg £7 for a pint of lager and a sparkling water, plus they added a service charge to my bill without asking. Breakfast the following day was however excellent, one of the best we have had anywhere in the world.	
Nov 20 2004	Would recommend and stay here again (and I've been to the Ritz)	My wife and I stayed at the Melia White House hotel in early 2002 (Winter). We got a great rate at that time through AAVacations - please note, this was relatively soon after 9/11 and discounts were greater and the US Dollar was much stronger than it is now.I have stayed at a lot of nice hotels, including both the Hotel d'Aubusson in Paris and the Ritz in Paris. The Melia was really a very decent hotel for the price, and I would not hesitate to stay there again. The rooms were small, but that's pretty much the norm for European hotels. When we stayed in Paris at the Hotel d'Aubusson the rooms were reviewed as &quot;huge&quot; by European standards, which by US standards translates to average to small. When I travel to Europe on vacation I want a nice, clean somewhat above average place to stay. The Melia White House was definitely better than I expected.	
Nov 17 2004 	4 star pretensions 2 star service	Service in the restaurant for breakfast on the 4 days we stayed was poor - slow to clear plates and bring hot drinks. The 'hot' buffet in one restaurant was certainly NOT hot (we were not the only disappointed customers) and the range of breakfast offerings seemd to vary from restaurant to restaurant.While on restaurants - thier flagship Spanish restaurant was closed on Sunday evening. Is the really 4 star service.Food in 'The Place' was average hotel fare.Rooms are flash but although we had a HUGE bed the room was smaller than we woudl have got at a Travelodge.On the positive side, the concierge was great - managed to get us into Le Gavroche at 3 hours' notice!	
Nov 8 2004	Great location!	We booked to stay here at the last minute and got an excellent rate. The best thing about this hotel is its location. It took 15 mins to walk to Oxford Street and Picadilly Circus, which was great for going shopping and out in the evenings. Plus it was really easy to get there as the Great Portland Street tube station is practically right in front of the hotel. The only down side was the room which was incredibly small for a 4star hotel and getting in an out of the bath was pretty tricky too! Apart from that, fantastic place to stay.	
Oct 31 2004	ok	We stayed in the deluxe room which was just an average size room for the States. Although for London, it was supposedly spacious. Lighting in room and bathroom was very dim-hard to see anything in the bathroom! The shower leaks to the floor which was obnoxious. Two of the coincierges were the worst I have ever met-extremely unhelpful and unknowledgable. However, one was very helpful and resourceful. Doormen were friendly and attentive. The Place restaurant food was decent-service was very slow. The gym was small but nice. Unfortuanately, you have to walk thru the lobby to it rather than go from room in the elevator to the gym like most hotels. The location was great-close to the tube and Regents park. Everything was very accessible. I also felt very safe there and could walk home late at night with no worries. The room was disappointing, service could be better-however, if your not looking for a great place but just someplace convienent and decent, this would work. I would consider it more of a three star hotel. We also have stayed at the Landmark. The rooms were large and lovely. Staff was attentive-workout room and spa were great. However, it is at least twice as much as the White house.	
Oct 25 2004	Brilliant!	After reading some not so complimetary reviews about the Melia White House, I feel I needed to tell someone about the fantastic weekend I have just spent there. My partner and I went down for the weekend, having booked a standard room. When we got there we were impressed by its very central location (near the shopping!), and impressive entrance. The Staff at reception were very friendly and polite, and we were quickly checked in. Although all the staff throughout the stay appeared to be Spanish or at least foreign, their level of English could not be faulted, and they were all very nice and friendly.We were shown to our room, which although small, was nothing compaired to some of the rooms you will find in London! It had a massive Queen or King size bed in it, which was lovely and comfy and the decor was very nice. As it was, we later got upgraded to a even nicer room, but I would have been more than happy to stay in the smaller room, after all, we werent planning on spending all day there!I have to admit the Bar was on the expensive side, but which 4* Hotel Bar in London wont be? On the Friday night they had a fantastic band on, 1940's style, very very good to watch, and not too loud!So all in all I would definatly go back to the Melia. Although the rooms are on the small side, this is the same almost everywhere in London, and the Melia is no exception. Everything was clean, bright, smart and very friendly, and I would not hestitate to recomend it.	
Oct 22 2004	Fantastic Location	Like a previous review, when we arrived at the hotel at 4 p.m., we were informed that our room was not ready and to come back in 45 minutes. However, whilst walking away from the reception desk, the receptionist came after us to say that our room had just finished being prepared.Inside, our standard room was nicely decorated and very clean (although you need a step ladder to get in and out of the shower), no noise travelled from the rooms next door or the corridors. For us, most importantly was the location. There are two tube stations across the road, the hotel is within walking distance of Covent Garden, Oxford Street, Leicester Square and Soho, Regent's Park is across the road. We had a great two nights stay at this hotel and would definately go back.	
Aug 10 2004	Weekend trip with teenage daughter	My daughter and I booked a three night stay at the Melia White House from 6th - 9th August incl.We arrived at the allocated check-in time and were kept waiting in the lobby for an hour and a half, because the room was not ready. The male receptionist said it was our own fault for stipulating that we wanted a non-smoking room! No empathy there then! He really wasn't bothered by the fact that we were stood there for that amount of time.When we finally got to our room, we were horrified to discover how tiny it was, and we could hear everything being said in the room next door. I can honestly say I have never been in such a small hotel room, even in Hong Kong!We paid £20 a night to upgrade to a deluxe room, which was infinitely better - a huge bed and altogether much bigger room and bathroom. Very luxurious. It was like being in a different hotel. The rest of our stay was great. We were told that we could check out later than 12 pm (we had a lunch appointment at 12 pm) as long as we paid £10 an hour extra for the room. I do think that this hotel are quite inflexible!! So we left our cases with the Concierge and changed in the loo when we got back. Overall opinion - very clean. Deluxe rooms are the minimum I would consider. Reception staff were great, apart from that one horrible guy! Lifts are groovy. Food and drink is expensive, but as mentioned in another review - there is a shop over the road. Probably would try another before I went back, as you can book other 4 and 5 star hotels slightly more central for the same price as a deluxe room here.	
Aug 10 2004	Badl Housekeeping	Housekeeping really let me down at the hotel. The room that I was booked into in this so called deluxe had some BLOOD on the walls! House keeping came to sort this out whilst I got upgraded into another room. In the second room I find that a used towel was left behind. This was sorted out. However a maintenance person turns up with warning to say that a loose toilet roll holder had been reported and promptly started using his electric screwdriver whilst I was on the phone. I then find that in this 'superior' room that some of the fittings in the shower were broken. On the plus side the Spanish staff were friendly and the breakfast was good. Being located very close to Regents Park is a major plus. Based on my experiences it appears that this hotel is too large to efficiently manage. I cannot therefore recommend this hotel.	
Jul 30 2004 	Fantastic Hotel	The Melia White House was fantastic. We had a deluxe room and it was big. The staff was friendly and helpful. It is located across the street from the Tube and easy walking distance to Regents Park, London Zoo, Baker St, and Madame Tussauds. We had room service a few times and it was ok. It was expensive, but everything is expensive in London especially with the US dollar hurting against the Pound. Highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 19 2004	Melia's White House Hotel...Fabulous!!	At the end of April, I traveled to London with my mother for a mother-daughter trip. Not ever visiting London before, we were unsure of where to stay. We booked the enitre trip on the internet with the help of Trip Advisor. Melia's White House was fabulous! It was very convenient to the Great Portland Street Tube Station (approx. 1 block away). We never felt unsafe, no matter what time we were outside the hotel. The staff at the hotel was very accomodating. We were always able to utilize the consierge services. The were helpful in finding restaurants in the area within walking distance. The rooms were very clean. We were in one of the low end rooms and they were small, but that didn't stop us from enjoying it. The bar/lounge in the lobby was very comfortable, a bit pricey for drinks and breakfast, though. We still enjoyed it very much. Would we stay there again? Definitely!!	
Jul 15 2004	Wonderful honeymoon hotel	We stayed here for our honeymoon in London. We loved the hotel. It was exceptionally clean. The service in the hotel was outstanding. Everyone on the staff was most helpful and friendly. Our room was a suite on the front of the hotel and it was lovely. The food was good and we had a n all around fantastic experience here. I would stay here again. Great Place to stay!!	
Jun 29 2004	Nice clean great location American plugs	We got this hotel by requesting four-star in Regency Park area on Priceline. We paid $110 incl. taxes but not breakfast, for two people. The room was small, snow white linens on king size bed, deep bathtub, American electric plug (a real bonus as we were to discover later on our trip where even the Hilton didn't provide that), nice desk, but barely room to open our suitcases. One drawback was noise from room next door, we could hear every word of the arguing couple but thankfully didn't understand the language. Beautiful lobby and bar area. Since our price didn't include breakfast, we had continental breakfast in the bar (about $14 pp), plenty of fresh food, again very clean area that didn't smell smoky. Very friendly desk personnel and helpful concierge.Located right across Great Portland Street tube. Easy walking to many sights and easy bus connections to farther ones. Hotel is in a quiet area behind a church and next to Regency Park.	
Jun 17 2004	Would go back	We were at the Melia White House from June 10 to June 14.We had a package travel/hotel deal on Expedia. However, I would guess that we paid maybe US$100-$125 per night.Excellent location and contrary to some earlier reviews, the rooms were well appointed and the staff was friendly and helpful.The hotel adjoins Regent's Park. One of the most enjoyable activities of our trip was to see a play in an open-air theatre in the park. 	
Jun 14 2004	Good but not excellent	I stayed at this hotel last weekend via an internet deal I found on lastminute. Good Things:The hotel was of 4* standardThe rooms clean and tidy.Great Breakfast buffetGreat Locations to Regents Park, Oxford Street, Regents Street etc.Mini barBad Things:Small room and very small bathroomThin walls - could hear the people next door talking.So all in all a good hotel but could be better if they had sound proofed the rooms and made them bigger when they recently spent millions improving the hotel.	
Jun 14 2004	Beautifull hotel great food good location	What an amazing hotel, my boyfriend and I stayed here for a long bank holiday weekend in May 04 and we couldnt have picked better. Definately great value for money. For what we paid we could have never expected this. The staff are very friendly and helpfull. The breakfast which was included in the price was lovely, a brilliant selection, the waiters even remember what you have to drink each morning!Be carefull of the price of the bar in the hotel, we knew it would be pricey, it cost us £18 for two drinks, it plays relaxing music and has very comfy chairs/sofa's.We didnt eat in the restraunt in the hotel but it looked realy nice, there are a few streets nearby in which you can go for a decent meal, Charlotte street is jus 10 mins walk away with great places to eat.The room itself was spacious with a grand size bed, massive TV, mini bar (very expensive) but there is a realy cheap shop over the road, air con and heating, ful size ironing board + iron, lots of room for my make up and to spread my things around, huge windows that actualy open, we didnt have the best view but we werent there for that. The bathroom is gorgeous, but be careful not to slip on the wet floor as the shower water does seem to leak a bit! Many toiletries restocked daily and the maid was great. We returned to our room one day to find no towles but before we could pick up the phone up to reception there was a knock with more.The hotel is in a great location, just down the road from Madame Tussuards which is an interesting little outing. Regents Park is just seconds from the Hotel where London Zoo is which makes the best day out.I would definately recomend this hotel, its great, you will have a fantastic time.	
Jun 10 2004	Just returned and was completely satisfied..will return again	Was every bit as good as we expected.....I sont see how anyone would displeased...clean and courteous.	
May 25 2004	Gteat value	My wife, our baby son and I stayed in White House for four days last summer and now think about this hotel as our potential no. 1 choice for future trips. I was quite surprised by some bad reviews I've seen here. Given that we paid just over USD100 for a real 4-star hotel in London(!) I wouldn't even complain about small(?) rooms. The food in the hotel venues was good and reasonably priced. No complains about service as well. The hotel is centrally located and easily accessible from anywhere. It was really weird to read in someone's review that taxi drivers could not find it. The author should have used a licensed black cab probably. Overall I would definitely recommend the hotel to anyone.	
May 23 2004	A lovely European Hotel	May 2004. Our room was newly renovated and simply perfect. The staff was wonderful and offered at all times to be of assistance. The hotel is in a beuatiful, residential neighborhood. Lots of eclectic dining is a 10 minute walk to Charlotte street. We were charmed by the new innovations which came during their remodeling. It is a bit far from some of the sights. But taking the tube is a must and we did not find the extra few minutes a bother.	
Apr 5 2004	A great clean safe above average hotel!	This is an excellent hotel to stay at. I stayed for 5 nights. I found the room to be above average, and the staff to be eager to help with any questions. They cheerfully helped to arrange tours, and were happy to answer any questions we had. The room was very clean and comfortable. The only complaint that I have was with the phone bill at checkout. I used a phone card to make my calls, but was still left with a charge of $120.00, for &quot; just picking up the phone.&quot; I found this to be somewhat excessive. However, overall, this hotel is a great place to stay. I would stay again on a return trip.	
Mar 20 2004	This hotel is horrible!	I'm not sure where to begin -- this hotel is horrendous! DO NOT waste your money on this hotel. This was listed on Expedia as a &quot;4-star&quot; hotel -- maybe it is 4 stars out of 10. Our room was wecramped and the bedspread was visibly stained. The bathrooms were tiny (although they had been refurbished). The lobby is a disgrace -- sofas and chairs are dingy and pockmarked with cigarette burns. This place is so &quot;off-the-radar&quot; that our driver couldn't find the place after several radio calls. My wife and I arrived in London early in the morning -- the staff refused to allow us to check in before the 3:00 p.m. check-in time (they appeared to give preferential treatment to the many flight attendants/pilots that appear to stay there). I would not stay there if you paid me -- by far, the worst part of our trip was staying at the Melia White House. I'm not sure who is giving this dump Excellent or Above Average ratings -- maybe they are on the staff of the Melia White House! Spend a few more pounds and stay at a decent place.	
Mar 9 2004	Lovely Stay 	My husband and I stayed at the White House over Valentine's weekend and booked the Expedia special for the Royal Executive Service Room package. A day after we booked, I checked Trip Advisor and read the horror story of the couple who booked the same package and found it was not honored. To make sure we would receive it, I called the hotel and explained my concern (including a mention of what I found on Trip Advisor). I was assured that all the benefits were included for the price we paid. And, I can very happily report that they were! The hotel is well-located (within walking distance of two tube stations), is well decorated and maintained. Some Americans may find it smokey at times, but that is Europe. We are spoiled in the US with our plethora of no-smoking laws! The perks of the package included a delicious full buffet breakfast in a private location (quite a large lounge which included table seating and sofas, chairs, etc.) which was just lovey, complimentary drinks all day, and a full bar and &quot;finger foods&quot; from 6PM-9PM. The finger food turned out to be more than sufficient for a full dinner and was wonderful. Obviously, they have very talented and creative chefs! Really, the only disappointment was the room size. I was hoping for one a bit bigger, but it was extremely comfortable, well-appointed and no smaller than a high quality room in the states. And, in comparison to the room our friends had at the Basil Street Hotel, it was huge! Plus, the floor we were on was very quiet - always an excellent feature. Overall, the package was a bit pricey, but London is not cheap. After taking into consideration that the package included meals, drinks, a lovely room and a great location...we were very happy! P.S. When checking out, we mentioned TripAdvisor.com to the staff. They were very interested in the reviews (including the negative one), so I gave them a copy. It's definitely a valuable tool for keeping hotel staff abreast of what their guests think!	
Mar 5 2004	fantastic!!!!!!	it is the best hotel in london. location is perfect, only two stop from picadilly if you take tube regent?s park which is less 5 minute walking from the hotel. staff was very friendly and breakfast buffet great.it keep you full almost all day. the room is not very big but is very comfy, tv with 40 channels, a big bed, hot towels all time and water presure excellent. my boyfriend and me stayed 1 week and was fantastic. we would chose it again without hesitation. feel free to contact with me for further info. regards,alicia	
Feb 15 2004	Love it	My boyfriend and I decided to splash out and treat ourselves for Valentines Day and chose a Royal Service room. We were extremely worried about wasting our money as it is not often we get to be a little extravagant - but when we arrived we realised there was no worry of this we really felt that everything about the hotel made it worth the cost (?146.00). The front desk service was not as good as the Royal Service desk and the rooms were a little smaller than I would normally want but these are my only realistic complaints - and the fantastic furnishings of the rooms, the huge bed, the more than comfortable bathroom... plus the cool bar and friendly staff... It was all just wonderful. We would love to stay again, we just regret that we only stayed one night and did not have time to take advantage of some of the hotels other facilities.	
Feb 10 2004	Confirm: Expedia's Melia White House Hotel offer is bad	Just booked four night stay at hotel based on Expedia's offer. Read the warning posted here after I had already booked. Called the Hotel and they confirmed they would not honor Expedia's offer. Called Expedia, they called Hotel and I am getting full refund.	
Jan 30 2004	Fabulous restaurant	I have travelled to London several times for business, and hotels are most of the time disappoiting (small rooms, poor service), but this was an exception. It provides more comfort than most hotels with the same rates, the concierge was always helpful with my requests and the restaurant (with a Catalan chef) proved to be superb. The buffet breakfast was great. The only flaw is that there are no shops nor restaurants in the nearby streets, however the tube stations are very near, as well as bus stops.	
Jan 13 2004	Beware of the 'Executive Royal Service Room' rate on Expedia	The hotel was fine. We were in London for our anniversary and booked the room through Expedia. I wanted something a little special so I booked the &quot;Executive Royal Service Room&quot; which, according to Expedia, provides all kinds of amenities including a full English breakfast and, according to the Expedia virtual tour, promised to be a larger than average room.When we arrived we found out that we were not entitled to the Executive Royal Service, despite eventually talking to the manager and showing him all of the Expedia printouts. We found out that we paid for an Executive Royal Service ROOM, but that the Executive Royal Service SERVICE is extra. Also, the room was just an average room with a small bathroom.The lobby smelled heavily of smoke all of the time, but the room and floor the room was on was smoke free as promised (and smelled smoke free).The water in the shower would go from warm to scalding hot (just for a second) about every 15 seconds. We notified the front desk and maintenance claimed to have fixed the problem, but they didn't. Very hard to shower under those conditions.Also, the hotel pushes its &quot;Pillow Menu&quot; as the ultimate in comfort. You get to choose from 10 different styles of pillows. We tried it. They only had one pillow available out of the 10 and it was a large block of foam.The location was fine, very near to several tube stops on different lines.All in all, a decent budget hotel if you get a very good rate--but service is spotty. We had turn down service our first night, but not on successive nights (we stayed for 5 nights and tipped early, but not later). Plus, the early conversation with the manager about the Executive Royal Service stuff really colored our stay in a negative way.	
Jan 8 2004	Satisfactory but not exremely service oriented	My son and I stayed at Melia White House for 5 nights, Boxing Day through New Years Eve 2003. I chose this hotel based on Trip Advisor reviews. I wasn't thoroughly dissapointed, however, wasn't completely satisfied either. Location was good. I liked how central the hotel was. Close enough to the action, but far enough away to be quiet and less congested. Great Portland tube was across the street but Warren St. tube had better access to other tube lines, and it's down the street a bit. Rooms a bit small, but this is to be expected if you don't want to spend all your money on a hotel room. Beds not too comfortable but rooms equipped with necessities. Service is where I was disappointed. I found the front desk personnel and bar staff a bit unfriendly. No &quot;how was your stay&quot; &quot;thanks for staying&quot; etc......Tried to charge me for a &quot;relief kit&quot; from room. She did take it off the bill but it was apparent she didn't believe me. Asked for assistance in calling hotel link to schedule a pick up for airport transfer and the impression I got was figure it out, I have other things to deal with. All in all it was a fine stay. I didn't choose London to hang out in the hotel, but moreso to see the sights and absorb history. Good polite service goes a long way though.	
Jan 6 2004	Not the best price/quality in london	Being there in Dec 2003. Helpful staff, but does not meet the standards of a real 4 star hotel. Service is somewhat slow.Overall, not the best price/quality in London. If one wants less luxurious rooms (for example a 3 star hotel), one can save ca. 50%, and get an equally good (if not superior) service. My suggestion: have a look at the The Bonnington Inn (being there on the new year's eve), which is in the nearby area (even better located than Melia White House).	
Dec 21 2003	Good but not great		
Dec 2 2003	Fabulous weekend break		
Nov 30 2003	Great hotel at a good price		
Oct 9 2003 	To loud not very helpful stuff		
Oct 1 2003	The best 3 star hotel in London		
Sep 26 2003	Perhaps the best deal in London		
Sep 22 2003	Fantastic		
Aug 28 2003	Great location		
Aug 25 2003	Fantastic!!		
Aug 3 2003	A Great surprise		
Nov 24 2009 	Excellent emplacement mais chambres trop petites		
Nov 22 2009 	Une cabine bien située		
Nov 19 2009 	ascensor		
Nov 16 2009 	Hotel parfait pour un séjour à Londres		
Nov 14 2009 	Très bon hôtel et bien situé		
Nov 7 2009 	Agradable Sorpresa		
Nov 7 2009 	Das Hotel ist nach meinem Eindruck extrem heruntergekommen		
Oct 25 2009 	Molto positivo		
Oct 21 2009 	Melia White House London		
Oct 12 2009 	wut im bauch		
Oct 9 2009 	Magnifico hotel buenas conexiones		
Oct 9 2009 	nicht zu empfehlen		
Oct 7 2009 	Buen trato del personal		
Sep 12 2009 	de los mejores hoteles para visitar Londres		
Sep 9 2009 	Lo Recomiendo Con Observaciones		
Sep 2 2009 	Malos colchones		
Sep 2 2009 	Nuestro alojamiento de Londres		
Aug 27 2009 	estupendo hotel		
Aug 25 2009 	Genial		
Aug 23 2009 	Elegante y acogedor		
Aug 13 2009 	Estoy deseando volver		
Aug 11 2009 	Hotel Bueno Pero Muy Muy Caro		
Jul 16 2009 	très bon hotel !		
Jul 15 2009 	Schönes Hotel in Superlage		
Jul 14 2009 	Calidad para grupos grandes no tiene wi-fi gratis		
Jul 3 2009 	una decepción		
Jul 1 2009 	Todo All Right		
Jun 29 2009 	muy bueno		
Jun 24 2009 	Sehr zentral! Empfehlenswert!		
Jun 18 2009 	planta the level		
Jun 17 2009 	Magnifico trato		
Jun 9 2009 	une bonne adresse		
Jun 7 2009 	Schönes Hotel		
Jun 5 2009 	très bon rapport qualité-prix		
May 20 2009 	estupendo		
May 19 2009 	The level deja mucho que desear		
May 7 2009 	Melia White House nel cuore di Londra		
Apr 28 2009 	superbe		
Apr 26 2009 	Habitacion pequenas precio caro desayuno normalito.		
Apr 25 2009 	Sin duda repetiría!!		
Apr 9 2009 	Familienhotel		
Mar 20 2009 	ideal para españoles		
Mar 8 2009 	de lo mejor		
Mar 5 2009 	Bastante bien salvo por algun detallito		
Feb 25 2009 	Buen Hotel seguramente el mejor de un cadena española en londres.		
Feb 3 2009 	Buen Hotel no barato pero cómodo y bien situado.		
Jan 26 2009	Melia white house Londres		
Jan 9 2009 	Ottimo hotel		
Jan 6 2009 	un hôtel cher pour la qualité offerte		
Jan 3 2009 	bom hotel		
Dec 31 2008 	Me gusta mucho		
Dec 28 2008 	Gute Lage Riesenbett		
Dec 24 2008 	Buena localización		
Nov 16 2008 	eccellente		
Nov 11 2008 	Correcto		
Nov 8 2008 	super hotel		
Nov 6 2008 	Fabuloso hotel en Londres		
Oct 31 2008 	Bueno bonito y barato (para ser Londres)		
Oct 30 2008 	Ottimoooo!!!		
Oct 14 2008 	¿Acogedor para españoles?		
Oct 7 2008 	Buena calidad y servico..Esta bien conectado.		
Sep 1 2008 	Perfetto sotto ogni punto di vista!		
Aug 15 2008 	Calidad excelente		
Aug 7 2008 	Un buen hotel para una Maravillosa ciudad		
Aug 5 2008	Penoso		
Jul 7 2008	Luces y sombras		
Jun 28 2008 	hotel maravilloso		
May 24 2008 	prendre les services "LEVEL"		
Apr 5 2008 	EPOUVENTABLE		
Feb 20 2008 	Melíá: spanisch/englische Gastfreundschaft		
Feb 4 2008 	Excelente hotel y estancia		
Dec 11 2007 	Buen hotel		
Nov 21 2007	No vaya al hotel Melia WhiteHouse		
Nov 15 2007 	Perfecto		
Nov 6 2007 	Sencillamente Perfecto		
Oct 27 2007 	Positiv überzeugt		
Oct 6 2007 	Calidad SolMelia		
Sep 4 2007	Excelente hotel		
Jul 15 2007	Tal y como sale en su página web		
Jun 13 2007 	Muy buen hotel Muy buena localización		
May 27 2007 	Perfecto !!		
May 17 2007 	Fantastico		
Jan 24 2007 	Un hotel muy recomendable		
Jan 16 2007 	Un hotel excepcional		
Aug 19 2006 	Un excelente hotel		
