	SoSpa So Wonderful!	We hired the spa for a group of six of us for a corporate entertainment event. Everyone had a fantastic time. The building is beautiful. The staff are knowledgeable and helpful. The lunch was good. A successful day and an experience we will definately be repeating. Many thanks to all at SoSpa.The rating is based on just cleanliness, location, service and value as we didn't see the rooms	
	8/10	I struggled to find a top quality hotel in London for my honeymoon night as everywhere seemed to be booked up or the hotels were ridiculously priced at over £500. Having only previously stayed in one top central London hotel a few years ago, which was Swissotel, The Howard on the Embankment, that would prove to be the benchmark for this hotel stay. I paid £320 in 2004 for a top quality room at Swissotel, overlooking the river with a separate living room area and had a massive bathroom. So paying £500+ for a 5* Luxury Hotel in London seemed pretty silly, seeing as they were only standard rooms, offered no breakfast and the rooms looked tiny on the photos.In the end, I decided to go through last minute.com secret hotel option and coincidentally Sofitel was selected with its luxury rooms. I was quite happy with my luck as the day before I rang Sofitel directly who told me they all luxury rooms were fully booked for my dates but when I rang them back to confirm my reservation the day after, they said that they had had a last minute cancellation............hmmm!Anyways, I told them it was a special occasion and when we arrived, the receptionist had informed me that we had been upgraded to a junior suite to the delight of me and my wife.We were taken upstairs and shown the room where there was also champagne on ice and a letter from the management, welcoming us......when I say letter, i mean compliment slip but it is the thought that counts.The room and bathroom was smaller than I thought it would be for a Junior Suite. What would a luxury room be like I wonder?Toiletries were Hermes which were brilliant and so was the rain shower too. The bed was incredibly soft and just as those other reviews have described it to be. We ordered room service, which was again, as expected, overpriced - club sandwich was £16 + service charge but it was very delicious almost justifying its price tag.As we stayed one night, we said no to breakfast option....I know you're thinking &quot;it's this guy's wedding night...what a cheapo&quot; but then you would think again for £26 per person for breakfast......Starbucks does just the same job only for £3 a pop and there's about 500 in central London.Sofitel did the simple things well: staff were friendly and helpful, room was exceptionally clean, bed was brilliant and so was the food. However, it begs belief that top central London hotels cost this much and I hate to think what tourists think of the prices when they choose to book. I guess less is more, especially for these hotels bang in central London.Yes the hotel is bang in the central of London, just a minutes walk from Piccadilly but yet £450+ for a room (remember I had booked a luxury room and got a free upgrade) is astronomical - I don't think my stay would have been as good if I was given a smaller, luxury room.However, you get what you pay for; there is no question this is a top quality hotel in terms of the service you receive, the food and the cleanliness of the rooms but the rooms are not just big enough so don't expect too much on the basic accommodation options. I have come to the conclusion that the large proportion of what you pay for is the location. This is why everything is so damn expensive at this place but yet you should not have anything to complain about while you're there as you will be treated so kindly and made to feel so welcome.Would not stay there again though as I think there are a better hotels, which offer you better room space and luxury for your money.	
Nov 22 2009 	Excellent in every way	Stayed at the Stylish Sofitel St James on a Saturday night, From the moment we walked into the hotel, greeted by Pauline till we checked out we were treated soooo well. The location is fab, our room a standard dbl was lovely, warm, comfortable and spotless. Everyone should experience sleeping in a Sofitel bed, you will want to buy one.I had a slight problem using the in room interenet as im not very technical and nothing was too much trouble for Oliver the consierge, who spent half an hour on a busy Saturday night making sure I knew how the use it. Thanks Oliver. I highly recommend this hotel could not fault it.	
Nov 18 2009 	Overpriced	There is no doubt that the Hotel is very good,despite the fact that some staff hardly speak any English,originating most of them in France or Eastern Europe.However,with all the unreasonable praise they get here,in two years they increased their rates x4.Chesterfield in Mayfair is far superior,at half the priceThanks	
Nov 17 2009 	Just perfect!	Last month we went to London and spend a great weekend. We were lodged at the Sofitel London St James. We have stayed at other fine Sofitels in Paris and Marseille, but the St James was the best. With a perfect location near theaters, shops and good restaurants, the Sofitel at the heart of London offers great service and very fine rooms. We will certainly go return to this true luxury hotel.	
Nov 5 2009 	Perfect location classy hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel London St. James for 4 nights the end of September 2009. We reserved the classic room, but were upgraded to a somewhat larger room. We were in room 526. We loved the location of the hotel - perfect for walking to restaurants, the subway and right in the middle of all the wonderful sights of London. The lobby was beautiful, and the spacious room was luxurious and decorated in subdued colors. The bed and linens were so comfortable. Bathrobes, a daily newspaper, a bathroom mirror that does not steam up and treats in the room were nice amenities. It was very relaxing. We did not try the restaurant since it seemed too expensive, and had a perfect breakfast at Apostrophe just a block away down the street. The hotel is right across from the tourist information center, which was also a nice convenience. We had a wonderful stay.	
Nov 2 2009 	French Touch	The Sofitel St James is located at the crossing between Regent Street and Pall Mall, ideal for business and leisure. I have stayed there more than in any other hotel in London and absolutely love it.The hotel is set in a beautiful 19th century building, with a double height entrance hall. The reception gives an impression of grandeur, especially around 6pm when the piano is played on the mezzanine and the bar on the far right is buzzing with activity – don’t miss the excellent cocktails. The hotel also has a pink tearoom that the ladies will adore, a recently refurbished gym, sauna and hammam and a restaurant (I have only tried room service, and the quality is good).The rooms are quiet and spacious (even the smallest rooms have space for a double bed, a desk, a shower/bath and a flat screen TV), elegantly decorated in dark/grey tones, and often feature a « reading corner » with a comfortable armchair, side table and lamp. There is ample space in the cupboards to store all the luggage and clothing away. Finally, rooms have been recently upgraded with Yamaha ipod docking stations/radio which is really great.But what makes the big difference is the hotel staff attention to detail and willingness to please: they remember your preferences, will bring you your selected choice of newspapers in the morning (even if you don’t have breakfast or room service there), find you a table in whatever fancy restaurant you want to try (and help you with good alternatives if they can’t get a table), and make the extra effort for a particular event.In my last visit, I brought my wife to London for her 35th birthday – the hotel gave us a great upgrade (at least 2 room types up from the one I had booked), and every evening they had prepared a little surprise for us (I remember fondly the divine chocolate birthday cakes the evening we arrived).All this at a very reasonable price: from experience, this quality costs 30-50% more in other London hotels. I actually found the Sofitel better than the Mandarin or any Hilton in town.In one word, don’t miss it.	
Nov 2 2009 	Top 5 star	This is one the few &quot;proper&quot; 5 star hotels in London. The location is great - right at the bottom of Regent Street. Inside the staff are excellent and rooms are big for London with everything you would expect from a 5 star hotel. Prices do reflect that but if you have the money then you should stay here!	
Oct 28 2009 	Perfection in central London	Hotel location is perfect, and staff service awesome from reservation (special thanks to the reservation manager who exceeded my special requests expectation) to checking-out.Rooms always clean, great amenities, and new extras such as in room expresso machines available freely upon request.Of course, this is not a cheap hotel but getting a deal including breakfast makes it more affordable, especially as it is not only buffet based but as you can order on demand meals (try Eggs Benedicte).I highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 28 2009 	c'est magnifique!!	Landed from Paris and moved into the St. James Sofitel. A bit odd to have the staff spouting French in the center of London. But one gets quickly used to it. Check-in was a breeze - the staff knew who I was even though it was our first time there. Some nifty guesswork I suppose. My daughter was asleep in my arms so they led us straight to our room where I could put her in bed and then do the check-in, in the room itself. Extremely considerate. The room was modern -chic, exactly how we like it. The bathroom was spacious, toiletries were nice, and the room cozy. Not huge but spacious. Again, this is London so our expectations were low. The greatest thing about the Hotel of course is location, location, location. Walking distance from Trafalgar, Piccadilly, theaters, Buckingham Palace and even shopping on Oxford Street. Brilliant! The other amazing thing was the staff and service - impeccable as ever. Its worth every rapidly depreciating pound.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great hotel great service great location	From the moment you arrive at the front door of the hotel, you are made to feel welcome (without anything feeling 'over the top'). Check in was a doddle and the luxury room, while smaller than similarly classed rooms in other cities, was excellent. The front desk had asked if we were celbrating anything during our stay; it was our wedding anniversary and, later in the evening when we returned from a stroll, a bottle of wine in an ice bucket had been delivered compliments of the hotel. The restaurant (Brasserie Albert Roux) was very good and the bar has something to suit every taste (and a word of acknowledgement to the bar manager, Matthieu, who runs a top notch establishment and does so in the most relaxed and friendly way possible). The location of the hotel cannot be beaten - 2 minutes stroll from both Trafalgar Square, PIccadilly Circus, the Mall etc. Taxis are always available for trips further afield (a cab to Harrods costs about £7). There is nothing I can complain about here - I would always go back when visiting London.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great hotel and great location	Out of the three hotels we stayed in during our month in London this was our favourite. Great location in the centre of London. Could walk everywhere from there. Loved the beds. Was like sleeping on clouds. The staff were all great. Have no complaints.	
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent hotel for comfort and location	Stayed at the Sofitel with my husband for one night in October.The decor is lovely, the staff very friendly and helpful. The hotel is also very well located, an easy stroll to theatreland. Also very convenient for other areas such as Regent Street and Covent Garden.The rooms are a good size and very well presented. They also include an Ipod docking station, which is a plus if you like to listen to music.The breakfast is very good too. Good choice of hot and cold food, all very tasty.Would defintely stay here again.	
Oct 14 2009 	Felt like royalty!	I'm an avid user of tripadvisor, but have never left a review. I was so pleased with my stay at the Sofitel St. James that I had to share my experience. My friend and I traveled to London at the end of September.. we stayed at the hotel for 4 nights. Jumped off the nearby Piccadilly Circus tube from the airport, walked a couple of blocks to the hotel and were met by the doorman outside before going inside to a friendly and well dressed lobby. The room was great.. clean and stylish. Enjoyed the full english breakfast and staff were great. Loved Sofitel St. James so much we booked Sofitel Hotel Scribe for our 3 day stay in Paris. The experience, just as pleasant as London. Cherio St. James!	
Oct 10 2009 	We were thrilled with this hotel	Fantastic place. Wonderful, spacious room with all the amenities. Great service, entire staff just wonderful. Top location easy walking distance to Trafalgar Square, Charing Cross, Picadilly Circus, St. James Park. We just spent a whole week here and would recommend this hotel to anyone. Free internet connection called Lite but plenty fast enough. Super high speed for an additional charge but you won’t need it.Restaurant is very expensive for breakfast but, surprisingly, not for dinner.	
Oct 7 2009 	Terrific Hotel in a great spot. You won't be disappointed.	Stayed at the Sofitel for 3 nights in October 2009 at the end of our month honeymoon through Europe. It was a bit of an extravagance but I think was worth every cent. I booked here (on expedia $1250 AUD for Fri, Sat,Sun nights) primarily on TA reviews and the fact that the Sofitel in Melbourne is just about my favourite hotel in the world. It lived up to all the hype; great spot (200 meters from Piccadilly Circus tube station, take tube exit 3 and walk straight down the hill) the rooms were great and the staff absolutely first class.Great place to stay in London, we'll be back for sure.	
Oct 7 2009 	Good location relatively good value	two blocks south of picaddily circle. easy access to tube station. pleasant rooms and service, and (for London) relatively reasonable room rates.	
Oct 5 2009 	All round excellent experience great room breakfast and service.	I stayed at the sofitel on waterloo place with my girlfriend for 4 nights at the end of september 2009. Our room was very comfortable, quiet and clean with everything you could possibly need. The breakfast was excellent especially the buttermilk pancakes served with chocolate sauce and maple syrup. The staff were very helpful and courteous but not obtrusive. The location of the hotel is ideal for seeing all the sights on foot as well easy access to good restaurants and shops.	
Oct 2 2009 	I really liked this hotel	The hotel is in a great location. The rooms are big enough, well equipped, the bathroom was very roomy. The tub was a bit high -- i can see how someone older might have a problem stepping out of it. the rooms were very clean, turn down service at night. The hotel staff was extremely friendly. We stayed here for 5 days. I really liked the bar and the drinks were great. Free internet in the business center as well. I think the money was well spent.	
Sep 30 2009 	Attitude problem?	Our rating for this Hotel is quite unfortunate, simply because it could easily have been a very good one. After a great day out in London my wife and I walked into the Hotel bar to sit down and have a drink. But on arrival the male bartender just stare intensely and unfriendly at us and did not return the good evening greeting. After being seated by a very friendly waiter the bartender picked up 2 menu cards and came aggressively walking towards our table and handed over the menu card without saying a word. When he gave the menu card to my wife he did not say anything either but just made a unpleasant theatrical performance to her.It was extraordinary to experience such behaviour, because everything else about our stay was very good and the other Hotel (and bar) staff was genuine friendly and professional.	
Sep 30 2009 	a very satisfied guest	My parents and I were visiting London and Paris for their first time in celebration of my mothers birthday. We'd spent 4 wonderful nights at the Sofitel St. James London and encountered the General Manager as we departed. . My father mentioned to the General Manger at the St. James this excursion was part of a birthday celebration and that we'd be heading to their affiliate hotel in Paris. When we arrived at Hotel Scribe in Paris, my mother was greeted with complimentary flowers, pastries and a bottle of champagne in celebration of her birthday. The hotel General Manager at the Scribe explained the GM at the St. James had contacted them on her behalf. thank you so much, this made the birthday and the overall experience quite memorable. This type of courtesy and generosity is seldom seen in todays economy, when In London and or Paris we will definitely stay at the Sofitel St. James and the Hotel Scribe.a very satisfied guest,	
Sep 28 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location Expensive but worth it.	Service was excellent and that's what matters when you're staying at this class of hotel. 5 stars.	
Sep 26 2009 	A London gem	As a regular stayer at Sofitel the Grand in Amsterdam I decided to stay at the Sofitel St James in London when I was there for a couple of days two weeks ago. I must admit the A-CLub card points I collect at Sofitels worldwide keep me loyal to the brand but it is always an experience to try somethnig new and I have to admit the St James hotel is wonderful. The location in great and the building, a former bank is just to die for. Love the gym and especially their Spa is just the best. I had a nice facial and a massage after a jacuzzi bath with great oils and felt like reborn. In the relaxation room i had a lovely cup of rosebutts tea and fell asleep until the place closed. Wonderful food and excellent staff. The waiters in the bar are just so good at their job and remembered what i drank when i came in the next day. Well worht a try:)	
Sep 24 2009 	The best hotel location and service in London!	We stayed at this wonderful hotel for six nights. The hotel staff is attentive, the rooms are large, and the locations is central for attractions, restaurants, and nightlife. The rooms were cleaned twice a day, and all of the amenities of home were provided....including slippers. My husband loved the internet service in the room. I would stay at this hotel again and recommend it to my friends.	
Sep 23 2009 	Excellent	Stayed at Sofitel St. James for three nights. And we will come back, and look forward to a weekend in December. Fantastic room,location,food and staff.	
Sep 22 2009 	Excellent Service on a tripple "A" Location	We enjoyed a fantastic weekend at the Sofitel in London. You can be sure to find the service at your liking in this 5 star hotel only 2 minutes from Piccadilly Circus! Great rooms, very clean and very nice bathroom. The staff is very helpful and always very anticipating. Overall CHAPEAU!	
Sep 21 2009 	Awesome experience!!!	What a nice locale, close to everything. Service was the best I have ever seen, room was exceptional. We arrived very early before checkin, and the staff accomadated into their workout and spa facility to refreash. WHAT AN EXPERIENCE..........	
Sep 21 2009 	Superb	Very nice services (at a very minimum details) very well trained staff, the food was also nice	
Sep 15 2009 	Great location and a real slice of the fine living- but be prepared to pay for it!	An overnight in London for my wife and I needed a central base, and this hotel fit the bill excellently. A few hundred yards from Picadilly Circus, just off Pall Mall, this hotel has got location down to a tee. The service and standard was excellent, but the cost was not low.Wonderful for a romantic overnight break to celebrate our third anniversary, but had we been there any longer it would have made more sense to stay a little further out and used the tube- would have saved a lot.	
Sep 7 2009 	My new favorite hotel in London -- we were treated like Royals.	My family and I just finished a 3 week whirlwind tour of Europe, ten cities in six countries. We were very lucky to have begun our vacation with Sofitel. The service was impeccable and they handled our family like we were Royals.We arrived at about 1:30pm, after flying all night, and were grumpy and tired. Check in is at 2pm, and our rooms were not ready, so we were shown to the bar (beautiful area), and given free tea, coffee and Parisian macaroons (super good). At the stroke of 2pm, our rooms were ready, and we were very pleased with how poshly appointed they were. We were given connecting rooms, just as we requested (thank you Sofitel).This was the kickoff city for our tour of Europe, and we had a wonderful first day tour of London with our driver Peter Jamieson -- see separate review. The next day, Saturday, our youngest daughter fell extremely ill, cancelling Saturday's activities. Even though this trapped us largely in the hotel, we were treated extremely well. We tried room service -- which we don't normally do when travelling on leisure, but it was well-priced and arrived in our rooms quickly and was delicious. (As a frequent business traveler, I'd put the room service at about the top 10% of room service experiences worldwide.)We also tried the breakfast Sunday morning downstairs at the hotel. It was superb. The menu service and the buffet were delicious. We also made good use of the free Internet computers (thank you Sofitel). For apple fans, the hotel has two Apples downstairs in the center -- which took me a minute or two to get used to. One of the computers was down the first night, so a line formed, but the other guests who also had boarding passes to print out were charming (they had been put into a good mood by Sofitel also). The next night I needed to print out a boarding pass (there was a problem with British Airways), and when the printer was on the blink, the concierge swung into action and had me email my ticket to his desk and printer. The attitude of the concierge was the best on our three-week trip.What more can I say? You are greeted at the door by some of London's best doormen-bell staff. The hotel lobby is gorgeous (a converted bank or brokerage). You are off Piccadilly Circle. The rooms are immaculate and the pillows divine. I wish I were staying there tonight.	
Sep 4 2009 	fantastic hotel very nice location beautiful Spa	We stayed with my spouse in August in this hotel while our children were away so we were looking for a very nice relaxing stay and this is what we got. From the time, we came in the staff made us felt very special. The room we were given was large with a nice bathroom. We then decided to try the restaurant which was full of people enjoying themselves. Food was very tasty and nice choice of wine. Finally we decided to try their new Spa (apparently it just opened a wek before we stayed). I am not keen on Spas usually but this was a great experience with a very large choice of treatments and you can even order your favourite martini! I did not get a chance to use the Fitness centre. Location is great. We decided to go out after dinner and it was 5mn walk to everything (Soho, Piccadilly Circus, May Fair). I recommend the hotel with confidence.	
Sep 4 2009 	A touch of class	The Sofitel St. James is fantastic.My arrival was excellent - the staff was attentive, friendly, and professional - even though it was shortly after midnight when I arrived. My room was ready and waiting and included a nice arrival gift of chocolates and a bottle of still water.My room was nicely sized by London standards. The bathroom had a very large tub and a great shower - a low volume nozzle with adjustable height and direction, and an overhead deluge that was great to just stand under and relax. The towels are hung on a heated bar. Strangely, the room is dark despite numerous light fixtures. The desk area is comfortable and has a (free) wired internet connection. Small bottles of water were replaced daily.As others have mentioned, the location is convenient to the National Gallery and other central London locations. The Piccadilly Circus Underground station is a quick two block walk away. Numerous restaurants are available. The breakfast in the hotel is quite good.My rate included a picnic lunch which was delicious. A touch of class was provided in the evening via a Pianist playing quietly on the balcony above the lobby.My departure was just like my arrival.	
Sep 4 2009 	Nice and tasteful	St. James is a great small elegant hotel with a lot of taste and excellent service. Definately has met our expectations to all levels. The restaurant maybe is a bit overpriced, but i wouldnt argue for the quality of the service and food. All in all a very tasteful hotel on a great location that reflects its prices.	
Sep 2 2009 	I could not have been more pleased with the Sofitel St James Hotel	The hotel staff definitely know how to deliver excellent customer service. They are attentive and helpful. The rooms were well appointed, absolutely clean, and very comfortable. The beds are very plush and roomy, and the rooms quiet, so sleeping was sound . This hotel is centrally located and most of the major tourist destinations are with walking distance. This is the best hotel experience I have had in London.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great hotel with a central location	We chose the Sofitel mainly for the location. It is close to so many London sights, including National Gallery and Buckingham Palace so we were able to walk to many places. Both the rooms (we had connecting rooms for our 2 kids) and the service were top notch. We ate at the hotel restaurant once for dinner, it was very good.This was our first time staying at a Sofitel, but definitely not our last.	
Aug 28 2009 	CHIC AND DISCREET	We have stayed at Sofitel many times and the service has always been exemplary. All staff are polite and housekeeping do an excellent job keeping rooms clean and dust free (my wife suffers from asthma). Our last stay was in a Prestige Suite which was spacious and contained a good range of technology, e.g. Internet TV, IPOD docking station. Room service is quick and the quality of food is very high. While the hotel can be expensive some good deals can be found by prepaying in advance. We throughly recommend a stay at the hotel	
Aug 27 2009 	A wonderful hotel grandiose spa and perfect location - a perfect stay	We stayed at the Sofitel Saint James for 3 days before embarking on the Queen Mary 2 for our 20th anniversary. We had a blast and the French touches made it a very romantic stay. Our room was large, clean and very comfortable with great ammenities (Hermes products in the bathrooms). The service was excellent, polite, capable and always determined to please you and address your requests. It is also the perfect location to visit the city and discover London, only minutes from Buckingham Palace, Covent garden, Soho, Picadilly Circus, Saint james park and the London theater district. Brasserie Roux is a wonderful place for lunch or dinner. The newly open SPA is incredible and a peace haven after a busy day. Little known in the city they also offer afternoon tea in a lovely tea salon, where you can discover the most beautiful and delicate blossoming teas you have ever imagined while listening to enchanting music of the harp. We highly recommend it.	
Aug 27 2009 	Stayed here for my 25th wedding anniversary in 2002!	Loved this hotel very comfortable immaculate rooms would highly recommend this one!! although did book it as a present from relatives so may be quite expensive!!	
Aug 25 2009 	Great hotel	The Sofitel St James in London is one of the better hotels I have stayed at. The location can not be beat and the rooms are one of the best. Also, the hotel employees are some of the nicest I have had a pleasure to meet. This hotel is close to Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly Circus, Bond Street, St James Park, the subway and many of the theatres. As in all Sofitel hotels the rooms had a &quot;So Bed&quot; which is one of the best beds I have ever slept in, its better than my own.Even though there was a problem in the beginning, I do not hold that against them because of the way it was handled. What happenned was that upon arrival (after 9:30 pm) I was notified that due to a computer problem my room was accidentally given away and that for the 1st night of my stay I would be in a classic room (this was smaller than the superior room I had booked). I was also informed that after the 1st night I was to be upgraded to a Luxary room which is better than the one I initially booked. The hotel also apologized by giving me wine and appetizers ( which I did not like, so they replaced it with juice and a wonderful fruit basket) as well as one free breakfast. The smaller room was okay since I was a solo traveller and the room for the next 2 nights was fabulous, very spacious. I would definately recommend this hotel. It definately &quot;lived up&quot; to its 5 stars.As for London, a play is always a great bthing to do at night and you can find half price / discount tickets for most of the better plays.If you have never been to London I definately would recommend the Hop On/Hop Off Big Red Bus. I did this the 1st time I was in London 3 years ago and its a great way to see where all of the &quot;main attractions&quot; are located. This bus also gives a free Beatles walking tour which I really enjoyed. If you have time, take a tour out to Bath and Stonehedge, you won't be dissappointed - there are 2 companies (Premium Tours and Viator) that offer private tours of Stonehedge so that you can actually go and touch and walk upon the stones.If you like Modern Art, then go to the Tate Modern Museum which is free like most London museums. Other things to do are watching the &quot;change of Guards&quot; at Buckingham Palace, a tour of Kensington Palace, the London Tower, Portebello Market in Knottingham, Harrods, Convent Gardens... I could go on and on.There is always something to do in London, so enjoy.	
Aug 23 2009 	Really great ! I recommend it !	We slept 3 nights in a luxury room. Big, Beautifull , and clean. The view was not really nice , but after a long day shopping, we didn't care. Beds are really confortable, bathroom really nice. The personnals always there for you. We really enjoy this hotel. If we return to London, sure we'll take this one.	
Aug 21 2009 	a family hotel feeling in a large multinational	I have had the pleasure of staying here twice this month I found the front of house staff friendly helpful and they have the knack of making you feel as if you were staying with a family member .This wasnt that over the top attention that sometimes makes you feel ill at ease.The location is superb and if you want to treat yourself in the centre of the city I strongly recommend this hotel	
Aug 18 2009 	Out of this world	Booked this for a weekend for my wifes 40th. Very easy to get to by train. Walked from train station in no time. Location was fantastic. Walked out the hotel and within 2 minutes of walking were watching the practice of the trooping the colour. An aded bonus. The staff were fantastic and very helpful. The decor of the hotel was much more superb than we expected. Fresh flowers were everywhere and the atmosphere was very relaxed. We had breakfast in our room both mornings and WOW doesn't begin to describe it. The decor in the room was amazing (especially the wallpaper!) Timeless...All in all, I could not have wished to give my wife a nicer birthday.	
Aug 9 2009 	In the middle of everything!	This is a great hotel in the middle of everything. The rooms , service and brand new spa are just superb. It's close to piccadilly Circus (blue subway line) that brings you in 40 min to heathrow. Overall the place to be in london.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great location; elegant hotel	London hotels are a hit or miss. The Sofitel St. James is a hit. It is an amazing location - close to the action of Piccadilly Circus, shopping, theaters, short walk to the South Bank - but is quiet and elegant. This was excellent value. We barely took a cab or the tube - just walked everywhere and even had a picnic in St. James Park. It also now has a small but excellent fitness center.	
Jul 23 2009 	wonderful hotel...amazing location!	Just returned from a five night stay and was delighted with this hotel. From the friendly, accomodating front desk personal to the doorman saying goodbye I have never felt so comfortable. The concierge Joe Rodrigues and his staff saw to every need. I was able to get theater tickets on the day requested and all tours, tickets and reservations were handled with ease. The location is amazing a short walk to theaters, St James Park, Trafalgar Square, Horse guards and Bond Street. What a beautiful place.	
Jul 20 2009 	The best place in Town	I took my husband for a surprise weekend ( for his birthday ) and the staff was just great, we had a nice room and the breakfast was super. We have travel a lot but this experience will always stay in our minds. I have visited this hotel last year but I think there was a change in management because the service was already very good last year but this time no mistakes at all.Anastassia Goloubeva	
Jul 14 2009 	Beautiful Classy Hotel	My husband and I just returned from our European honeymoon and Sofitel St James was our last hotel. Well we saved the best for last! This hotel is beautiful and comfortable. The location is great, along with the service. We were upgraded to a suite upon arrival and the staff had rose petals spread throughout our room and two dessert cakes upon our return at night. This hotel is definitely a 5 star hotel...probably the nicest hotel I have ever stayed at.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great location and service	On arrival booking had been messed up! Not the greatest of starts but how it was handled from then on was a lesson in good service and courtesy. Thomas the duty manager was an example of what is sadly lacking in most so called 'luxury' hotels these days. He expertly handled the situation, immediately sat us down with a complimentary drink and then proceeded to find us a suite for a couple of nights. The hotel has a great location and though formulaic in decor has excellent fittings and is comfortably furnished. They must be treating the staff well also as the pleasant, smiling demeanour of all we encountered was another pleasant surprise in the city centre deluxe segment. All in all a thoroughly impressive, well managed place.	
Jul 14 2009 	Excellent hotel	Sofitel St. James was the perfect place to celebrate our anniversary.The hotel has an excellent location and excellent service. It is only a few minutes' walk from theaters, restaurants and main attractions. So close to Piccadilly, but still remains hidden and quiet. Hotel and rooms are lovely. Staff was courteous and helpful.We had afternoon tea at the Rose lounge and enjoyed it very much.	
Jul 9 2009 	perfect location and super service	we loved sofitel st. james; we walked almost everywhere and the beds were the best on our trip to europe. we had a luxury room, but I do believe the beds are the same no matter what price category; we asked for the feathers to be removed: they were; we asked for an extra bed sheet for under the duvet: we received it immediately. we needed safety pins, within 5 minutes they were delivered on a plate!!!also, we got the buffet breakfast included in our rate: it was fantastic and we never needed anyhting to eat until dinner time, it was so much food. also, our rate was excellent, for we prepaid 3 months in advance; we took out travelers insurance in case we would need to cancel, (our elderly mom lives with us) but all went well. the rooms are small, but to be expected. and the rooms lack for nothing!! perfect, quiet air conditioning, too. the bathrooms are excellent, separate soaking tub, beautiful decor and amenities. we started loving sofitel because of the sofitel chicago, where we often go for dinner or lunch; we were not disappointed. one more thing, their restuarnt has an excellent pre-theater dinner for a very reasonable price!grams 98	
Jul 6 2009 	Hidden gem	We're not sure how this hotel has escaped our notice for so long. We are fans of the Sofitel standard - understated comfort, elegance and generally well situated hotels with reliably good service, but for some reason we've never considered Sofitel London until now.Other favourites were unavailable for various reasons so working through a variety of options online, I reserved a room for a couple of nights directly with Sofitel, getting the same price as quoted elsewhere (I could have saved myself a good deal of time by simply going directly to the hotel website first) Even though we know London pretty well, must have walked and driven past the entrance on several occasions, we had no idea that this hotel was there, in such a great location. We were warmly welcomed from the moment we arrived and found the staff to be universally helpful and attentive. Our room was similar to other Sofitel bedrooms we've enjoyed - comfortable, cool and spotlessly clean. Despite being in the centre of the city, the atmosphere is calm and peaceful.I'm pretty sure I know where we'll be staying next time we're in London.	
Jul 3 2009 	I'll never stay any place else in London	Highly recommend the Sofitel St. James for location, amenities and service. We first stayed at the hotel 5 years ago and we were wowed by the facilities. The second trip was not a disappointment. First rate! No complaints whatsoever (though I will concede that we did not use the food service--there are too many great restaurants in the area in all price ranges). Close proximity to the tube, restaurants, theaters, museums, you name it. Wonderful rooms and impeccable service. Only qualification I would make is that this is NOT the place for families with young children--this hotel caters more to adults and business travelers.	
Jul 3 2009 	A peaceful and glamorous oasis in the heaert of London	This is a beautiful hotel, the rooms and staff are delightful and even though I had a few small problems (a broken iron, faulty TV and a room key that kept failing) they couldn't do enough to help and they resolved the problems in minutes. Oh - and the beds - heaven on earth blissful comfort of feather mattresses. This was also a great business hotel - the suites downstairs are spacious and calm and facilities spot on. Will definitely return for a leisure break.	
Jul 1 2009 	Best location - outstanding service 	This was our second stay at the Sofitel St James. The location is ideal for EVERYTHING: situated between Trafalgar Sq &amp; Picadilly Circus on the quietly elegant St.James Sq the Sofitel is close to theaters, The National Art Gallery, The Mall and the tube. The service was flawless and our rooms excellent. We especially appreciated having both a soaking tub and a walk in shower. There was turn down service and fresh fruit every evening and wonderful breakfasts in the restaurant. Add in a sparkling new fitness center with state of the art machines. TOTALLY TERRIFIC.	
Jun 25 2009 	I am not always easy to please - but I was THRILLED with Sofitel St. James	First let me say I am a pretty demanding guest at any hotel/resort. This is particularly true when one pays the prices necessary to stay in London. Most times I am left with a &quot;WHAT THE....???&quot; when I encounter service entirely in opposition to the cost of staying at a location. This was NOT one of those times.My primary concern in most hotels is lack of expedient service. This hotel was, as my son says, Off the HOOK (this means great) when it came to responsiveness. I ordered ice from room service (no charge) and it was at our door in a maximum of 5 minutes. Room service for anything else was exceptional, and they literally went and located a power strip/extension cord so that I could plug in my various hair equipment. I was IMPRESSED.The hotel is extremely clean, and the room set up was heavenly. I LOVE LOVE LOVE their bathroom. It has a roomy tub to soak in and a separate shower - and the usual &quot;sample sized&quot; soaps and shampoos were Hermes, and were replaced every day that they were used. The bed was like sleeping on a cloud, and they brought us extra pillows immediately (max 5 minutes) when I requested them.They have a nightly turn down service where they turn down your bed, bring you water and set out your slippers. I was often napping or already tucked in, but they kept coming back. The persistence to excel in the customer service department delighted me, and is one of the reasons I continue to select Sofitel's brand.The location is also perfect because you are about a 10 minute walk to several sights as well as the shopping on Oxford street. There was a lovely grocery less than half a block away with many pre-made selections/salads, sandwiches, etc. if you didn't feel like eating out and/or just wanted to have something to snack on in the room. The hotel staff happily emptied our mini-bar fridge so we could store water there (as always, mini-bar rates are prohibitive) - and we put our snacks in as well.I cannot say enough how perfectly happy I was with this hotel experience, and I don't say that often.	
Jun 24 2009 	always a welcome stay in London	Staff always very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was lovely and relaxing. rooms are very well fitted out and bed was very comfortable. Always enjoy going back to the St James.	
Jun 22 2009 	A superb oasis in the heart of London	We wanted to stay at one of London's better hotels and chose to spend 7 days (June 14-21, 2009) at the Sofitel on the basis of other tripadvisor reviews. I don't think we could have made a better choice! As others have mentioned, the location is fantastic, our room (a junior suite) was light, spacious (at least by London standards) and well appointed, and the service was excellent! It was also surprisingly quiet. As others have also mentioned, this is not an inexpensive hotel but it was only the 14 pound sterling martinis that crossed the line (but not so much that it prevented us from enjoying one every night)!A few tips/suggestions:1. We had a pre-theatre dinner in the restaurant. It was excellent and good value.2. Waiting for Godot (which is playing next door at the Theatre Royal Haymarket) was fantastic and should not be missed. It was sold out but the helpful folks at the concierge desk were able to get us excellent seats.3. We did not have breakfast at the hotel as there are lots of cafes close by for a quick coffee and croissant.4. The Cinnamon Club is a fabulous restaurant near Westminster Abby (about a 15 minute walk through St. James Park). Be sure to make reservations.	
Jun 19 2009 	Great Experience	St. James Sofitel was great! My husband and I were in London for our honeymoon. This was my first time in London and his second, so we wanted to see everything. We were so lucky that our room was ready upon our arrival after a long flight from the US. The staff was very friendly. The room was very clean and comfortable. It was like our little santuary after hiking all around the city. The shower was great - although water did seem to escape from the incomplete glass partition. The location really can't be beat! It was no more than a 5 minute walk to the tube, Piccadilly Circus, St. James Park, and Trafalgar Square. Oh, and there was free computer and internet access! With the conversion rate, it was great that we didn't have to pay to e-mail our friends and family. All in all, would highly recommend it to everyone!	
Jun 15 2009 	Lovely (but pricey)	I know....if you stay in a 5 star luxury hotel, expect it to be pricey. The room was just under the £300 and by the time you add breakfast and evening drinks, you won't get much change from £400. That said the rooms are good and the service is superb. Breakfast was a delight (even at £25.00!) and the service in the (rather small) bar was superb (even though a bottle of beer was over £6!) Is this 'Rip off Britain' or just 5 star prices for 5 star service? I'll let you decide.	
Jun 2 2009 	As close to perfection as one gets	After a very good experience in December last year, my wife and I chose to stay again at the Sofitel St. James for a long week-end in London with our two small sons (4 and 1 1/2 respectively). Our choice could have hardly been better. The location of the hotel speaks by itself; the accommodation was exquisite (we were upgraded to one of the hotel's best suites); the overall service was just about perfect: warm, friendly and professional at the same time. Our elder son left wondering aloud why we were not living there; and he urged us to plan for another trip soon. Impossible to disagree.	
Jun 2 2009 	amazing experience	our stay at sofitel st. james could not have been better. we had been a little concerned about staying in such an upscale hotel with a small child, but upon arrival we found found a child's bathtub, robe, potty, and even a rubber ducky in the room. the staff was incredibly polite and helpful. the location was perfect... it is right in the middle of everywhere we wanted to be. in addition, it was by far the biggest and most comfortable room i have ever had while staying in london.	
Jun 2 2009 	Fantastic everytime!	I have been there a few times with my parents (God I could never afford it on my Customer Service salary!) and it is truly fantastic. The staff is incredible, attentive,polite and pro active, always giving good tips on which restaurant to go to(even though their restaurant is lovely and serves great French food, my parents don't speak english so they sent us a French Speaking waiter for me not to spend my time translating,very nice gesture)... The rooms are so luxurious,fantastic bathrooms, the location is amazing as well, so nice to stroll in St James Park in the morning and play with the squirrels. Last but not least, if I were you I would try the High Tea in the lobby. I could go on forever,Cant wait to go back!	
Jun 1 2009 	Excellent Location/Excellent Hotel	A very modern, very spacious room in a central location. Overall good value for the $$/Euros/Pounds spent. A bit pricey but still well worth it - very modern and large bathrooms though the shower does permit water to run all over the floor as other reviewers have stated. This was a distraction but not enough to deter me from staying again. The business center had free internet (not just wireless, free MAC usage!!). The breakfast buffet is great but not cheap! Overall, given that my wife and I wanted to be spoiled a bit as this was our anniversary, I was very pleased and I will be back.	
May 27 2009 	Great location bespoke service stylish sophisticated atmosphere.	From the moment I arrived I knew I was going to enjoy my stay. Although my room was not ready (heck they were sold out the night before and I arrived at 6am!) my morning was delightful. I was offered beverages and escorted to the fitness room where I could privately freshen up. After a stroll through the gorgeous park one block away, I enjoyed the relaxation of the tea room. The guest room was immaculate with all the amenities I had anticipated. I loved the power of the rain shower and the deep separate soaking tub in particular. Turn down service each night was timely and fresh fruit was delivered each morning. The breakfat buffet provided a wonderful assortment of items with great service. The front desk and concierge staff could not have been friendlier or more efficient. I truly felt that my satisfaction was of their utmost concern.	
May 27 2009 	Perfect location great hotel. My number 1 choice in London	Hotel location was amazing. Steps away from major tourist spots and transportation. Service was friendly and helpful. Rooms were comfortable, clean, modern. Staff was terrific with my children and went out of their way to make sure our stay was a memorable experience......Would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
May 26 2009 	A French Gem in the Heart of London	I recently returned from a short trip to London. I picked the Sofitel St James based upon the excellent reviews it has received on TripAdvisor, plus the very reasonable rates Sofitel offers on their website. The hotel is very centrally located. I took the Picadilly Line in from Heathrow, which was a mixed experience. It took only 45 minutes to get to the hotel, but trying to deal with luggage on the tube during rush hour was annoying. The return trip was much easier &amp; justified the earlier annoyance for the cost savings alone. If you take the tube to the hotel, make sure you leave the Picadilly Circus station using the south Regent St. exit. The hotel is about a 2-3 minute walk due south. Once I got to the hotel, I found the entire staff to be very friendly, very French and quite helpful. They tried their best to allow for an early check-in, but the hotel was completely full the night before. Amazingly, my room was ready by 10:30 am. Once in the room, I noticed that it looked almost identical to the room depicted on the Sofitel website. While the room was somewhat small, it had lots of quality touches, like a flat-screen TV, a comfy bed, coffee/tea service, iron/ironing board &amp; a huge bathroom. Lots of reviews on this site have complained about the shower soaking the entire bathroom. I can see how this is possible because of the intense water pressure. It also doesn't help that the hotel has used very stylish (but overly complicated) retro-style water fixture in the tub/shower. After I experimented just a bit, I mastered the use of this contraption so as to not experience the flood that so many others have experienced. Overall, this is an excellent hotel in the heart of the city. It has an unusual French flair where you more likely than not will be greeted by bonjour rather than hello. The high level of service seems to be why so many people enjoy this hotel. Pro: Business center with free computer access. Con: Many rooms only have views of an inner courtyard.	
May 22 2009 	Great hotel - watch out for telephone charge gauging and construction noise!!	Great location, especially near West End theatre and shopping. We were met with efficient and very helpful service both at the front desk and concierge. The standard rooms are adequate and clean however, I would highly recommend ensuring that the room is not on the lower level and near the north end of the building. Construction in the adjacent building is, and will be, ongoing for a few months. We complained and were given a more quieter room on 2 floor up, on the south side. If you choose to upgrade your room to the next level, you will find the room to be spacious and lovely. Watch out for telephone charge fees!!! We called a local mobile number from our room and spoke for 6 minutes. The charge was a whopping UKL22.16. Apart from these two items; we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Management couldn't have been more helpful and friendly. We've stayed there many times and would do so again.	
May 22 2009 	nice hotel shame about the management	My wife and I satyed here for a romantic weekend, generally the hotel was very nice, good location etc. However when we used the shower there was afault which meant the bathroom flooded and therefroe the shower was unusable. The staff were apologetic, but we got no recompense from the management. For the price you pay, you should expect better.	
May 19 2009 	Does not live up to expectations - 2 strikes is enough to be out	I had an awful experience on a one-night stay here last year. But, this hotel is loved by a couple of friends who convinced me to give it another try. After a several night stay at the Haymarket in London earlier the same week (also reviewed - and a much better bet for that neighborhood in London) - I had to come back for one more night and decided it was a good chance to try the Sofitel again.It looks like a 5-star hotel - really lovely. Check in is gracious - and they upgraded me because of my previous bad experience. But, then I got to the top-floor room to find that the many windows all had easy roof access (which has obvious easy street access) and none of the windows were lockable. So, i asked to be moved. They did so pretty quickly and upgraded me again for the inconvenience (I really should stay there again - at this rate, I'd probably end up in the prediential suite, but it's not worth it). The rooms really are well done and can't be faulted other than for some questionable housekeeping. Good bed, excellent bathroom, all convenient amenities. In fact, if there weren't a couple of really nasty stains on the bed coverlet (vile), it would have seemed in every way a 5-star hotel room.The next morning, I received 4 wakeup calls. The two I'd scheduled and two more to make sure the wakeup calls were received - a bit overkill, but conscientious, as one of the problems on my first trip was that my wakeup call didn't come.Then, I met a business associate for breakfast in the lovely restaurant - and, as had unfortunately happened during a business breakfast on my last stay - I was questioned at the restaurant in front of my client about how I would pay for breakfast. I simply said, I'll be taking care of breakfast for both of us and to charge it to my room (this should have been sufficient) - but some of the staff doesn't seem to speak much English and kept insisting that breakfast was not included in my rate and asked my business associate if he was staying in my room. It was unprofessional and embarrassing. The service was mixed throughout the stay - good front desk staff\clueless concierge; good bartender\clueless bellmen.All in all - the place disappoints because the service is so disjointed. There are far better hotels in London and even in the neighborhood.	
May 17 2009 	Very nice but a few things to point out .......	Firstly as anyone will know London is an extremely expensive city to stay in, especially in the central locations. The St James is a magnificant building and the location couldnt be better. The lobby area and front desk is quite small, maybe not quite what you would expect for such a pricey and respected hotel. We stayed in a classic room for one night which was fine. The room was a lot smaller than expected but then again rooms in central london generally are. If you are staying more than a couple of days you might feel uncomfortable. You also cannot see out of the windows unless standing on a chair as they are so high up so not a huge amount of natural light gets in to the room particulary well. But this is obviously not the fault of the hotel as it is a dated building.Personally for what Sofitel charge for a nights stay you will probably expect more of a room than what you will actually get, but hey ho, thats London!If money is no option, sure go ahead and stay here. If the cost does need to be somewhat controlled you WILL find just as good for cheaper at some other hotels in the area. Remember just because its expensive doesnt mean its great!!In conclusion, a great hotel. But just remember you probably wont see £250-300 pounds worth of a hotel room for the night!!!	
May 12 2009 	Fantastic hotel	I stayed there for a week end with my girlfriend and I can only recommend it. The location is superb, you can easily walk everywhere and the rooms are top notch. I really think the hotel is worth the extra price compared to others.	
Apr 28 2009 	Wonderful Room!	My stay at the Sofitel, St. James was the highlight of my trip to London.The room was so comfortable with quailty furnishings and a beautifulmarble bathroom. It was a terrific location, helpful staff and a quietperfect retreat.	
Apr 28 2009 	Simply the best!	I have stayed there for a business conference, and I have to say it's one of the most perfect hotel all-in-all. Rooms are clean, staff are (extra) friendly, and location is in central London.2 thumbs up!	
Apr 24 2009 	I'll add my accolades for The Sofitel St James	We stayed for six nights and enjoyed our stay very much. I don't think I have ever stayed in a hotel as quiet as the Sofitel St James. No noise, period. Housekeeping was impeccable and prompt. For the first time we didn't say &quot;Oh its so nice to be back in our own bed and shower&quot; because the shower has a mach 10 force and the bed was sublime. The Hermes toilteries were devine.We had the Sunday brunch and all I can say is to bring a huge appetite because there is a lot of food. And all of it excellent.There was free internet and I used the computer in the business services often and even printed our boarding passes at no additional charge.The flowers in the lobby are stunning. This is simply the best hotel we have stayed in when in London and I highly recommend it.	
Apr 24 2009 	Great service	We stayed here with 2 young children.The service was exceptional, and location was fantastic. 2 min walk to trafalgar square and only short walk to Buckingham palace.The hotel was quiet, and anything we needed was dealt with very quickly. They even left chocolate cake in the room for my son's birthday. We would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 20 2009 	Amazing hotel! The best I've ever had the privelage to stay in!	Wow what a find! It's not really surprising considering the cost of the hotel- it did cost £220 per night (for a deluxe room which I think is slightly more expensive than the standard, but with a larger room) and we stayed for 2 nights. This was my Birthday treat and we don't do this kind of thing often! But how lovely to feel that for your money you're getting the first class service you would expect and all the little touches to make your stay special! I've stayed in £150 per night London hotels that have been far inferior, both in location and in quality to this one, and personally I would rather pay the extra for the experience we had! Sofitel St James is located at the end of Pall Mall and very close to Regent St, also just around the corner from Trafalgar Square and the National Gallery. It is back to back with Her Majesty's Theatre where The Phantom of the Opera is showing! So location wise, it just couldn't be better! Everything about the hotel is luxurious and classy, from the grand reception with it's floral displays and professional staff to the quality of it's sausages at breakfast! All the little touches are in place, from the umbrella in your bedroom to 'Rose Lounge' just off reception, equipped with bowls of rose pou pourri and vases of fresh roses so that the lounge really did smell of roses!! Our beds were turned down at night and slippers put by the bed for us and the service was second to none. Everything we touched was of the highest quality and the bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in! The breakfast was the best I have ever eaten. It will be a while before we next book such an exclusive hotel but I would recommend this to anyone willing to pay these prices who would like the perfect hotel in the perfect spot for sightseeing in London!	
Apr 19 2009 	grand classy hotel in great central location	very nice room and bathroom. had wonderful lunch at the restaurant. staff were friendly and professional. great attention to detail at this hotel.	
Apr 18 2009 	Perfect location stunning hotel	Sofitel St James was top of the line for my husband and I's recent trip to London. It was in the most perfect location, walking distance between Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, Parliament, and Westminister Abbey. The other side is between Trafalger square and Picadilly Circus. Covent Garden is up the street too! Great area for shopping as well, designer and department stores galore! There are 3 tube (subway/underground) stations within a 2 minute walk. It was perfect for someone seeing the sights. The staff and conceirge were very helpful. We got in at 9am and were shown our room immediatly. The concierge made dinner reservations for the same night (our anniversary) and even told the restaurant it we were celebrating so they brought us a special dessert! He also helped with our train schedule for a trip to Dover.The room was spacious and only lacking a lot of closet space. They had 2 small &quot;wardrobes&quot; but they didn't hold much. The bell boy did offer another luggage rack but I used the large windowsill as a makeshift dresser. The bed was so comfortable, lots of down pillows, down comforter and down overlay on the mattress. The room came stocked with robes and slippers. The bathroom toiletries were Hermes and although they smelled nice, were too strong for me. The Rose Lounge was a perfect spot for traditional afternoon tea, complete with a harp player. The tea was literally bottomless, and the sandwiches, scones and french pastries were divine. We did not dine in any other of the hotels restaruants. All in all I would reccomend this hotel to anyone and stay there again next time I was in London.	
Apr 18 2009 	Really good value for money	We had a great time here on business, would recommend it.G[--]	
Apr 14 2009 	Excellent Stay Great Value for High End Hotel	This hotel is ideally situated only a 3 minute walk from Piccadilly Circus but in a quiet location just off Pall Mall. The rooms are well appointed, well maintained and reasonably sized. The bed was, like all Sofitels, very comfortable. Last stay I found the service people a bit reserved but on this stay they were warm , friendly and helpful. They now have free internet in the room and although you can pay for super high speed the regular connection was reasonably quick and did just fine. One quibble, although we stayed a week, they still charged me 2 pounds for 15 minutes of access to the computer in the business centre in order to print my boarding pass .Our room was excellent value for London as it was a &quot;luxury&quot; room of very good size for 200 pounds a night , including taxes.We ate in the restaurant one evening and it was very good. The usual very expensive London hotel breakfast is available there ( 24 pounds plus taxes).We have stayed at the Bentley and Hotel 41 and enjoyed them both but prefer this hotel for value and location.	
Apr 13 2009 	Not bad but not 5 star	Stayed here for 3 nights last week. very nice but not 5* like four seasons. They gave me a room upgrade. Great location but a few things that take away from the 5 *. The furnishings were top quality but one of the towels one day was frayed and the shower door did not close properly. nit picking but if you are 5 star you should be 5*Restaurant is quite niceWould recommend but if you get a deal. Staff are very nice as well tho.	
Apr 13 2009 	Excellent hotel great location	Nice rooms – never slept better in a hotel. Very quiet – good beds – very clean, if you stepped out for a minute, they cleaned it up. They prepared the room for the night also (brought out slippers, prepared the bed, put out water + + ) – I stayed at a Deluxe room with OK view (of some buildings).Excellent service, tough they were eager to sell me an upgrade….Location, location, location – smak in the middle of everything. A close walk to the tube, shopping, theatre and of course pub’s and restaurants.All in all a very good hotel – diden’t try the restaurants in the hotel, but I am sure they are ok to. But all this costs, if you can afford it – book this hotel	
Apr 12 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	We chose to stay in this hotel based on reviews found on Tripadvisor, and we definitely chose right. The staff is very friendly (many are french), the lobby is very elegant, the rooms, even though are not very large, are exactly what you would expect in a Sofitel. The breakfast is very good and there are a lot of dishes to choose from. There is free Wifi in every room and in the lobby.The location of the hotel is very good. We were in walking distance from Soho, from Trafalgar Square, from Bond Street, from Oxford Street. The Underground station of Piccadilly is also 8 minutes away.	
Apr 10 2009 	immaculate hotel great location staff has problems	I love this hotel. I don't think I've ever used the word immaculate. But this is the word to describe our room. The room was spotless. The location was very centrally located to tourist sites. It's in an upscale neighborhood. At the time, it was very reasonably priced for what we got in return. I had concerns about the staff. They were helpful with directions and recommendations. And when our room wasn't ready by check in - they treated us to afternoon tea while we waited a brief 15 minutes. But I had some questions about our room rate - because it was inconsistent with what I booked originally. When I inquired about it, the staff was a little rude and they took forever to get back to me. But that all said, I would still recommend this hotel because I feel as though the benefits outweigh the drawbacks of the annoying staff.	
Apr 4 2009 	Excellent service lovely hotel and great location	I stayed at the Sofitel St James twice in March. After business meetings in other parts of the UK I returned for the weekends. As a female traveling solo I felt very comfortable here. All of the staff are discrete, polite and very helpful. At times I thought I was is France, all of the staff speak French. It is on the costly side but you do get what you pay for. Room service was yummy, the bar cosy and breakfast each day was a delight. As other reviewers have said the bed is to die for. The rooms I stayed in were beautifully decorated but a bit on the small side. Again, as previously stated the location is brilliant. I recommend everything about this hotel except for the afternoon tea, The Rose Room is beautiful but the scones and cakes were disappointing for the price	
Apr 2 2009 	Great location and Top Notch Facility	I went to London for one week and the first half of the week was part of a Tour with Globus. I wanted to splurge so I upgraded the hotel for the second half of the week and chose the Sofitel St James based on the reviews in trip advisor. This hotel exceeded my expectation. The outside phasat of the hotel is grand brownstone building, but the inside is very plush but very modern as well. The room has the best amenities: flat screen TV, heavenly bed, the latest and greatest in shower fixture and lighting fixtures, and Hermes toiletries. The location is perfect. Walking distance to the Bond Street, 2 stops away from the London Eye and Westminster Abbey. London is a great city and staying at the Sofitel will elevate the experience. It is though very expensive due to the exchange rate.	
Mar 30 2009 	Fabulous :)	This was the 2nd time I stayed at the Sofitel London. I managed to get a last minute rate which included breakfast for 200 quid for the night, that included VAT too. They even upgraded us to a bigger room so it was fabulous value for money.Concierge and front desk were fabulous, as usual. I love this hotel. It's spotlessly clean, in a fabulous location and everything is so modern and lush. I wouldnt think of staying anywhere else if I come to London. Agree with what other visitors have said, try and get breakfast included in your rate as they charge 25 quid a person for it. My friend said it was the best nights sleep she'd had in ages - the beds are super comfortable :)	
Mar 23 2009 	Excellent hotel - great location	Excellent location - one street away from Picadilly Circus/Regent Street, yet in quiet area within walking distance of Soho, Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square (highly recommend seeing 'Jersey Boys' - fabulous show). Buy an Oystercard if in London for the weekend - this will enable you to travel on the underground which is the easiest way to get about as the traffic is horrendous.Bedrooms, bathrooms and public areas are absolutely immaculate and housekeeping was unobtrusive. Our deluxe king size was not enormous but had a separate dressing area and a lovely bathroom with separate walk-in shower. No view as it overlooked the rear of the hotel but that did not bother us too much. Bed was FABULOUS! Have seen it mentioned in previous Sofitel reviews that beds are so comfortable and believe me it's true! If there wasn't so much do get up for in London I think I would have been tempted to snuggle down in that bed for the rest of the day!We had dinner at Santoria, which is a lovely Italian restaurant about five minutes walk away - on the corner of West Burlington Street and Saville Row. Food and service was excellent and I would recommend it for a special meal. There are dozens of good eating places in Soho - which is about a ten minute walk away. If you just fancy a nice pub meal - try the Captains Table which is two minutes round the corner (ask concierge for directions). It is part of a chain (as is the Glass Blower - just off Picadilly Circus) but both good for a welcome drink after all that retail therapy.My only complaint about the Sofitel St James is the bar tarriff - Ouch! If you are not used to London bar prices (being canny Scots - ha ha!) - the cost of drinks will come as a bit of a shock to you! Cheapest glass of wine was £9 and gin and tonic was £12. This meant that we did not make many visits to the bar in the hotel! After staying at this hotel, I would look no further for a hotel in London - it is well worth the money to know that you are guaranteed quality and service. Highly recommended.	
Mar 19 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	I booked this hotel having read the positive reviews on trip advisor. By using Expedia, I got a decently reduced rate. My husband and my young son accompanied me on our trip. I wanted to stay in a hotel that would cater for a couple with a young child (1 yr.) and this hotel lived up to all of my expectations. As we had booked a luxury room (slightly bigger I think) to accommodate a third person, I think the hotel expected a much older child. They had laid out an extra bed in the room. On seeing our little guy peering out of his buggy at the front desk, they snapped into action. We had no sooner got into the room which was lovely with a great big bathroom than a pair from housekeeping arrived removed the bed and replaced it with a cot. They also brought a teddy, fleece blanket, baby robe, baby bath, potty and rubber duck. I was immediately impressed by their attention to detail. When I mentioned that our room was too warm (we had the air con on its lowest setting and it was still like a sauna) we had a maintenance man in a matter of minutes adjusting the aircon control to a lower level for us which made the remainder of our stay far more comfortable. As a note to any management who may read these reviews it would be good if you could give guests the option to switch off the towel rail in the bathroom, we moved our sons cot in there during the day so he could get a sleep but the roasting hot rail meant that the bathroom was sweltering. The level of service this hotel provides and its excellent location (3 minute walk from Picadilly tube - you can see the circus from just in front of the hotel) make it an excellent place to stay in the city. Would recommend it to everyone. So taken with it, my husband has recently rebooked for himself, his Mum and his brother.	
Mar 17 2009 	Still our favourite London hotel	After another long weekend at the Sofitel St James we remain big fans of this charming hotel.Everything ran like clockwork for us. We had warned we might arrive early so our room was waiting for us. Our pre theatre dining experience was stressless, delicious and very good value.Our room, deluxe category this time, was quiet, comfortable and attractive with upgraded amenities, now by &quot;Hermes&quot; in the bathroom..Breakfast was excellent with a good variety of just about everything but the attention to detail with things like the Albert Roux butter and jams stand out as a mark of quality.Staff were courteous and helpful throughout and the location is just fabulous. Our only disappointment was that the lake is being drained in St James's park so there were no pelicans to spot!My only worry is that the new spa, opening soon, will put the cost just out of our reach. As things are at the moment value fro money is extremely good. Highly recommended.	
Mar 8 2009 	Great Hotel	This was our second visit to the hotel and it was as good as the first last year. Great location, friendly staff and wonderful room. We stayed in a superior room and there was lots of space. We got back at tea time and there was a man playing a piano on the 1st floor which was very nice. The beds are very comfortable and it has all the in room faciilties that I like including making your own tea.	
Mar 1 2009 	Location great pity about the breakfast	Stayed for a romantic weekend to celebrate my wifes birthday. Was immediately impressed with the location of the hotel. Easy walking distance to Piccadilly Circus and Trafalgar Square yet in a quiet street with no noise.Rooms were spotlessly clean and at a sufficient size considering this is London which can be said to havecomparable room sizes to Hong Kong.Check-in was quick and painless and service on the most part was extremely efficient. I say on most part because the service associated with breakfast was appalling.We arrived to breakfast on the Saturday morning at approximately 10am only to be told to wait in the bar because there were no tables. Looking inside the restaurant it could be seen that half of the tables were unoccupied! We therefore waited outside for about 15 minutes and when we were finally shown a table I noted about 10 people also waiting in the bar. Upon being shown our seats we then had to wait another 10 minutes to order some coffee and some eggs. The coffee arrived after we had almost finished the breakfast! Although I cannot complain about the quality nor the selection of the breakfast items the service was very slow and it was clear that they were understaffed. This is not acceptable for a 5 star hotel. It was not just us that were complaining either, almost everyone was made to wait and some were not even offered hot drinks. During the time we were seated there most of the tables remained dirty.I would recommend everyone to avoid paying extra for breakfast (ours was included). I cannot fault the rest of the hotel and would like to add that I agree with most of the other reviewers - the beds are probably the most comfortable you will ever sleep in.	
Feb 27 2009 	Luxurious oasis right in the heart of town	The reception has a little lounge leading off it where you can have afternoon tea. When I arrived there was a harpist playing. The décor is light and airy. The receptionist was charming. We got a a corner room (a bit bigger) and it was spacious and beautifully decorated. The bed had a quite firm mattress with a feather mattress topper - I thought it was a bit too firm for me, but I was wrong, and we had one of the best nights sleep I have ever had in a hotel. The windows are triple glazed but can be opened a bit which was welcome as the room was a bit too warm otherwise. the bathroom was nice, if compact, with Hermes toiletries, and bathrobes. The soundproofing was excellent, the room was silent. The location is great, just 2 minutes to Piccadilly. We didn't try the food and beverage services as there are literally hundreds of eating options within about 200M of the hotel.A measure of how good this hotel was is that the very worst thing I could say is that the in room iron wasn't very good. Absolutely recommended!	
Feb 25 2009 	Great location but quiet. Big rooms for London great building	The Sofitel is located so well, a few blocks south of Picadilly, and about a 5 minute walk to Trafalgar Square. It's super easy to get around Central London from here, but it's also fairly quiet too. The room was quiet, no neighboring room noise, and fairly large for a London room. The bathroom was the nicest part. Be careful of the shower – a bit tricky to figure out how it works, but towel warmers and nice toiletries (Hermes bodywash!?) are great. The staff overall seemed friendly, and very French. Had 2 drinks at the bar in the lobby that cost 30 pounds.	
Feb 6 2009 	This is the place to stay!	This was our third visit to London and we stay at the Sofitel each time. The location is perfect....great for shopping, theatres and tourist sites. We (me, my husband and our 14 year old son) were upgraded to a wonderful corner suite on the 5th floor...which meant our teenaged son had his own &quot;room&quot; with a sofa sleeper and TV that completely closed off from our bedroom. Parents travelling with teens take note....it was a great arrangement! We never eat breakfast in the hotel....unless it's included in the room because it's just too expensive. There are plenty of wonderful restaurants close by and, of course, a Starbucks.The rooms are a very nice size and the bathrooms are perfect with Hermes soaps/shampoos. And as mentioned in many reviews, the beds are the best you will ever sleep in. I highly recommend the Sofitel St. James.	
Feb 4 2009 	Bar staff need customer care training	I travel far and wide to order their Tiramisu dessert cocktail. Take note, that the drinks in the bar area are not cheap but you get what you pay for. It is the kind of place where a lone woman could merrily drink in peace by herself and myself and a friend drink here at least every other month.However, a recent visit left a bitter taste in my mouth. We had our usual. My friend ordered a St James Cocktail &amp; I ordered my regular. When our cocktails arrived, at first sight I knew that they had got my order wrong. There was no espresso in it. I queried this and the waiter decided to get the driks list and tell me that I ordered the wrong one and then the cocktail does not come with espresso - no apology, nothing. I was made to look like I was the difficult customer. Both the waiter and the guy who made it looked flustered. They took it away and I watched him make another cocktail with no alcohol. When it came along, I took one sip and found that this one was cold black coffee with cream on top, where was the alcohol ????By this time I was completely fed up and just took the cocktail back to the bar and decided to order a diet coke. Imagine my surprise when they charged for a soft drink after the shabby service.I don't want to labour the point. I love this place and like I said I often stroll in on a Friday evening or Saturday afternoon for a nice cocktail in exquisite surroundings. Please get your customer service in the bar area sorted out because I would hate to have to find an alternative venue.	
Feb 1 2009 	Excellent as Usual	Stayed for 4 nights at Sofitel St James. Excellent rooms ( for London Standards). Great place to be based for work and brilliant service. Second stay at this hotel and cant recommend it enough	
Feb 1 2009 	Great time @ The Sofitel!	We decided to book the Sofitel after reviewing it on Trip advisor and getting an excellent price, so i would advise shopping around as the price ranges greatly from site to site!The welcome was warm and efficient, the hotel is decorated to a really high standard and you are made to feel like a celeb from entering the front door!The rooms are what really sets this apart from other 5 star hotels i have stopped in, beautifully decorated and spacious. Bathrooms and showers can be a bit hit and miss in hotels but @ the Sofitel, it was done to a really high standard. The incuded toiletries were really nice as well (bonus!!!!)P.S Try the Bloody mary at the bar!!!!	
Jan 29 2009	Great Hotel	I was very happy with the room, the bed, the staff, the food, and the unbeatable location.	
Jan 26 2009 	Stunning hotel in quiet but central location	Beautiful old building on a quiet street, yet only a few minutes walk to west end, SOHO and Westminster. Basic Room itself was large by london standards, elegantly decorated in modern french style. Great value for money, however all the extras (breakfast, room service, the bar etc) are very very expensive.Only issue we had was the hotel was overheated, even our room. Despite aircon being switched on high 24/7, was always stuffy unless we opened the window.Concierge knew what they were talking about, and recommended some excellent restaurants.Overall highly recommend.	
Jan 23 2009 	A Truly Wonderful and Memorable Stay!	My husband and I recently stayed four-nights at the Sofitel St James as part of our European holiday to celebrate his 60th birthday. Because of our overnight flight from the states, we arrived at the hotel by 7:30 am. Exhausted from our flight we expected to be told the room would not be ready until mid day. Imagine our surprise when we were enthusiastically informed at check-in that not only was our room ready but that we had received a complimentary double room category upgrade!The hotel is not only beautiful but also just as important, it is impeccably maintained throughout. Our 4th floor corner suite was well insulated from any possible street noise and fabulous in design with a long hallway, large separate living room, a spacious bedroom with an unbelievably comfortable king-size bed, and a separate bath and shower. First-class accommodations all the way!When we arrived back at the room our first evening after dinner, we were greeted with an unbelievable delight: two slices of decadent chocolate mousse cake surrounded by fresh strawberries. Along the top of the plate, handwritten in chocolate was 'Happy Birthday'! What made this all the more amazing was that at the time of making the reservations over the telephone with Accor Hotels I had mentioned only in passing that it was my husband's birthday.The location is perfect because you are walking distance to tourist attractions, museums, theaters, restaurants, shopping and multiple forms of transportation (e.g. buses, tube) in addition of course to cabs just outside the hotel's doors. With so many restaurants nearby, we only had one lovely lunch at the hotel's Brasserie Roux and after dinner drinks at their St James Bar. Just like the hotel, the service was attentive but never intrusive.As most travelers well know, hotel employees' inevitable interaction can greatly influence the guest's overall experience and subsequent memories. That said it was the service provided by the staff from the moment of our arrival and throughout our entire stay that has made a lasting impression. From the curbside attendants to the doormen, front-desk to the concierge, restaurant staff to housekeeping to room service, each person displayed genuine warmth and took sincere pride in doing their job well.With our son and daughter-in-law now living in London my husband and I hope to visit a minimum of twice a year. I could not imagine not staying at, or recommending to family/friends, this hotel. Yes, in a city full of hotels to choose from, the Sofitel St James is that wonderful!	
Jan 21 2009 	Great Experience	The hotel is in a great location just of Trafalgar Square but not in the middle of all the hustle and bustle.At reception the staff were warm and friendly, a little on the slow side but there were no other guests waiting. My partner and I were told that the superior room that we booked was not ready; a few alarm bells rung, fearing we'd be left waiting for hours. Nevertheless we sipped our complimentary earl grey in the bar - best pot of tea I've ever had - the bar staff were also pleasant. About half an hour later, the clerk came to give us our keys along with the news that we had been upgraded to a deluxe room as we'd been waiting - couldn't complain!The room was spacious, and well kept with all the amenities you'd expect. My favourite was the bathroom - i like my bathrooms.The bed was great, my back approved and little things like the complimentary newspaper and the free wifi were great additions.Definitely one of the better hotels I've stayed in in London.Wish we could have stayed longer and experienced the other things the hotel had to offer.	
Jan 12 2009 	A wonderful place in the middle of london	The Sofitel St James has one of the best locations in the city. A few minutes walk from it all, Picadilly Circus, Regent Street and Bond Street for shopping, Trafalgar square and its museums, St james Park for long walk and Bukingham Palace for sight seeing. The hotel has a wonderful atmosphere, without beeing too stuffy or over the top. The staff is courteous and welcoming. The rooms are so quiet and beautifully appointed. We were told flat screen TVs and a luxury Spa were coming in the next few months. Great bar, and we loved the Rose Loounge for afternoon tea. All in all the perfect place for business or a nice week end get away in London. highly recommended.	
Jan 10 2009 	Good but could be better	As a Accor Gold Member we booked online and found the communication to be excellent. Upon check-in we were delighted to hear we had been upgraded from a queen room to a deluxe king room. We were also told that breakfast was included when i knew my originalbooking excluded breakfast in the rate, so I confirmed this with the front desk again and this was confirmed. we then went to our room and the bags followed in a timely manner. A very warm and welcoming room with the usual Sofitel qualities and luxuries. There beds and pillow options are the best in the industry in my opinion and that's worldwide.After a few moments of getting comfortable we received a call to say that upon check-in our address was needed back home for there records. I found this a little odd and was instructed when free to contact the desk and give my information. we did not do this and it was never asked for again, even at check out.The following morning we had breakfast as informed and upon leaving was handed a bill for 52 GBP (CRAZY) and I said we were informed that this was now included. they cvhecked twice with two different people and it was confirmed that this was not the case I would have to pay. I refused and seeked a discussion with the front desk manager who became involved and said there must have been a communication error and he would cancel the charge. I said thankyou for your understanding, but it shouldn't have got to that level and i found the breakfast room attendants to be lazy and a little rude. The rest of the staff and the hotel is great and the LOCATION is fantastic for getting around London. A nice hotel and genberally a good example of the Sofitel chain.The Hermes toiletries etc in the bathroom were a lovely touch and the conceirge is more than helpful.	
Jan 6 2009 	Great Staff and Great Service	What a wonderful hotel. We stayed here for 6 nights over Christmas 2008 and the staff and atmosphere was awesome. Our 18 month daughter was sick all Christmas Day. They were very quick to freshen up our room and after going out on the 26th to see the many attractions, they had left a get well gift for our daughter. Just a little something above and beyond what they needed to do. The room was great, the staff was very helpful and the hotel is located within a 15 minute walk from all of the major sight seeing attractions.	
Jan 5 2009 	Understated Luxury	Stayed for one night on a weekend visit to London for a theatre performance. The hotel is a 3 minute walk from Piccadilly Circus underground station at the end of Lower Regent Street.We arrived at 1.pm but our room was not available until after 3. We were, however, given a voucher for tea (and, a scrummy mince pie!) in the Rose Lounge (we can stll smell the roses) which was a nice touich. Staff on Reception and throughout the hotel were friendly yet professional and the room was lovely overlooking the road at the front of the hotel yet with no noise from it. As with other Sofitel hotels the bed was truly wonderful.As others have said the hotel has many French staff and visitors (so handy if you wish to practice your French!) and the breakfast (included in our good value Weekend rate) had some nice French touches (wonderful pastries).We enjoyed a drink in the bar which had a pleasant restful ambience. The complimentary nibbles were very tasty.So, overall, the hotel has no gimmicks, nor flashy ingredients but it provided all required for a truly pampered feeling at least for two of it's guests!	
Jan 3 2009 	Most brilliant - top place to stay in London!	this is absolutely a gem. it has the most brilliant location (2 minutes from the Picadilly Underground--also the line to Heathrow, 2 minutes from the National Gallery, 2 more minutes to the theatre district and just in the middle of the &quot;happening&quot;), the customer service is wonderful, and the actual accommodations are top notch. the bed (featuring a delightful featherbed), the size of the room (comfortably sized, high ceilings, large windows), the amenities (robe, slippers, soaps, etc.), the housekeeping (prompt, effective and just spotless) are all part of what makes this hotel so fantastic! a bit pricey, yes, but worth every single penny. book here and enjoy being pampered and so close to most entertainment venues.	
Jan 2 2009 	A true gem in London city	This was a special trip to celebrate my sister's forthcoming 70th Birthday and the Sofitel was outstanding. Reception was very friendly and efficient and our room was most inviting and spotlessly clean. I do like their smart muted colour schemes and the beds are sooo comfortable!.( We had no view to speak of from our window but to be honest we did not miss that as we had so much to see and do )All the staff seemed genuinely pleased to greet you - none of this pretentious nonsense you get in some hotels. They left us with a chocolate cake decorated for my sister's birthday and it was all so beautifully and thoughtfully presented as well as being delicious!Everything was done so discreetly and professionally it ensured my sister had a special time. Thanks Sofitel.	
Dec 31 2008 	Great Service Doesn't Compensate for Tiny Room	This hotel was in a really fabulous location-three minutes walk from Picadilly Circus or Trafalgar Square. Yet hotel was quiet. The staff were largely French, as were many of the guests. I almost felt I was in Paris, not London. The hotel was nicely decorated. The lobby was small, and not really set up that you could converse- just wait. The Rose Lounge was a sweet place for afternoon tea and they did a lovely job with the offerings and the service. We also had a drink in the bar- about the same wildly expensive prices we experienced at the Marriott Park Lane earlier this year. The very tall doorman was charming and incredibly helpful and friendly. I wish I had got his name to compliment him to management The room itself was teeny-tiny, with a &quot;view&quot; of an opposing set of windows. Neither the size nor the decoration was what I would expect in a 5* hotel. The room was so small that the door to the armoire had clearance slightly smaller than the span of my small hand. Even a child could not fit between the open door and the wall. The armoire could hold two coats and a few items in the three very small drawers. The remainer of the armoire was filled with an extra bathrobe, blanket, pillow, safe, and tea service. That's because there was NOWHERE else in the room for them. The nightstands were cubes of wood, with no shelf or drawer- just a slide out tray. The table/desk had a vanity and mirror, but the chair could not be aligned to the mirror due to lack of room. The desk had a drawer, but it could only be opened 4 inches due to backing up on a night stand. There was no luggage rack, nor was there room for one, even if they had left one in the room. At turn down, the housekeeper had to throw the plaid on the floor under the standing lamp as there was no other place for it. That would have been the case even if the room had been empty. Lest you think we travel heavy, we each had one carry on bag, so the lack of space was not for what we brought with us. There was a full length mirror by the armoire. In order to use it, you had to move the floor lamp that was behind you. Otherwise, you were too close to the mirror to be of much use. There was an iron/board in the room. There was a tea service, which was replenished daily. I missed the shortbread the other hotels I've stayed at also included with the tea/coffee. There was also a pricey mini-bar. TV with chanels in many languages.The bathroom was lovely- beautiful and roomy enough. It had a great shower head, but it was a bit hard not to shower the room, too. We had a few puddles, which housekeeping took care of. I did not like the doors to the bath (which were two small doors that opened in the middle because one door would have been too wide for clearance into the room.) Part of the bath was visible between the doors- not nice for privacy. There was no ventilation in the bath. Towels were large and plentiful. They were not fluffy- dried without fabric softener, which is how I like them, but others might complain. There was a second robe in the bathroom. Beautifully shined chrome, and black stone surfaces. Hermes toiletries were a lovely touch. There was no place in the bathroom to plug in the hair dryer!!! Housekeeping was very, very discreet. Never a cart, just an occasional young woman with a basket of cleaning supplies. They clean with the room closed, and a small note on your door so you don't walk in surprised. Housekeeping did an excellent job. The room and bath were immaculate.Although the hotel staff could not do enough to make our stay enjoyable, basically, all the amenities and good will in the world will not make up for tripping over your own feet in the room. I am a &quot;tiny&quot; woman, and I felt uncomfortably crowded in the room. Maybe it would have been acceptable for one person; it was totally inadequate for two. I've stayed at other 5 star and 4 star hotels in London, and all were a good bit larger than this room. As nice as this location and hotel were, I'd probably not choose to stay here again. I did ask if they could give us a larger room but we were told that would cost an extra 50 GBP! The clerk seemed to have heard before that this room was inadequate. I hope M. Jacque reads these reviews and asks Sofitel to consider space next time they remodel. Until then, just putting drawers in the nightstands, adding storage above the toilet for extra linens to free up the armoire, and adding an outlet for the hairdryer in the bathroom would improve the stay significanly. A 5 star room should NOT be this tiny and crowded.	
Dec 28 2008 	Sofitel St. James - Very good	Booked Sofitel St. James for a romantic 4 day Xmas trip (24-28 Dec). Arrived from overseas at the hotel at 8.30am having previously requested an early check in and was amazed to received just that, no issues. I had booked a Sofitel Suite (average about 300/night) and was told that this room type came with complimentary mini bar and Wi-Fi. Had room 517, was pleased with it but it's not a suite or anywhere near it. It is larger than your average London hotel room and had a sleeper sofa in there but it's not a suite.Bathroom was nice, Hermes products (although I buy Molton Brown 'cos she loves them..aaawww) separate bath and shower...huge rain head shower and other, 'normal' shower head in there but the door leaked like a sieve. Water, literally all over the floor, swimming after I showered away the long flight which was annoying. I headed out shortly thereafter and spoke with the front desk who said they'd have someone check into it but it remained the same for the 4 days...went through a million towels, not eco friendly.Mini bar was stocked well with bubbly, whiskey, gin, beer, soft drinks, wine, nuts, Green and Blacks chocolate bar and muesli bar, 'Survival pack' (condoms, aspirin, tampons etc), water (still and fizzy), funky juices etc...really well stocked and re stocked throughtout my stay....hammered it to the tune of about 230 pounds. My only complaint was the performance the woman at the front desk went through at check out pointing out that she was 'comping' ALL (her emphasis) my mini bar charges...I pointed out that they came with the room rate, she proceeded to somewhat snarkily say that I had gotten a good rate already...hhmm....bit of a sour taste as I left but they did honour the complimentary stuff and quite why a front desk worker would care I have no idea. 300 quid a night is hardly cheap and other than having another couple of friends come over one night and have a drink each from it, we mostly drank the Voss water, sodas and ate the snacks...over 4 days it didn't feel like we abused this apparent 'priviledge'...except as we left when I took the choc bar and a water and she took the nuts, a water and a soda for our trip.Not much hanging space and only 1 robe which I always find weird in hotels. The second half of the wardrobe space is taken up with a nice tea/coffee/hot chocolate making area. Teas came in a lovely wooden box and looked yummy but I never got round to them. there was a safe in there too and an iron and ironing board..which was okay but no steam so not great. Was asked at check in if I wanted a newspaper in addition to the FT, I said yes, never received it but didn't care enough to follow it up.TV has Sky movie channels, Skysports etc but no pay per view although a DVDplayer and mostly kids movies (shrek, Madagascar etc) hotel.Bed was lovely and had installed hypoallergenic bedding as the lady is asthmatic, as per my request. House keeping was subtle...no carts in the hallways or noise, total respect for the light that you put on (a switch inside the room turns a green light on for 'make up my room, or red for 'do not disturb' in a smal panel by the door). Room was always spotless and made up, the lake in the bathroom gone etc.Had room service one night; arrived promptly (30 mins) was expensive as every hotel is, but was lovely, well presented, table brought in and set up and removed within minutes of calling at 2am which was good. Had steak sandwich, hand cut chips, risotto and an apple crumble..all was lovely and hot.No ice machines on the floors but it (and flutes) arrived promptly from room service on Xmas morning for our champagne.Doormen and concierge were attentive in getting cabs and aswering questions.At check in was given a voucher for 2 drinks at hotel bar...we had a cocktail each, probably 13 pounds or so each, so that was nice and they were good with fresh fruit etc. Cocktail and drinks menu looked good but didn't go back.Hotel is ideally situated at the corner of Pall Mall and Waterloo Place which is 5 minutes from Trafalgar Sq and Leicester Sq/Regent St etc but is a very quiet area.Overall, really enjoyed our stay, hotel was lovely but I wouldn't pay extra for this 'suite', seems like a waste of money unless you use the mini bar and Wi-FI as we did which probably still didn't make up the difference in tariff for the room category down but felt like a bonus if you know what I mean?	
Dec 12 2008	Great location/interesting hotel	I really liked this hotel although it was far from perfect. Housekeeping was terrible - lipstick stain on the pillow, make up stains on the towel, hair in the shower. Nevertheless, I loved the location and the property itself was quite impressive. Staff was friendly - I arrived early before the room was ready and they were quite accomodating. The rooms were nice although design was erratic - a collision of London and Paris, new and old. Didn't quite work but wasn't horrible. Nevertheless, I really enjoyed the hotel.	
Dec 12 2008 	Great Location and very nice room	We travel to London 4 or 5 times a year and this is probably the best hotel we have stayed in for the price. As always, the Sofitel Staff are very good (I think as good as Four Seasons). Room was spacious and decor was very nice (even in the hallways). There is a nice selection of Breakfast Cafe's, coffee shops and restaurants in the area - and the location could not be better for Regent Street shopping. The bar is expensive for both food and drink - but you get so much more for your money here that I give it 5 stars. We have paid far more for small, drab rooms in London in the past (prime example would be the Jumeriah Carlton Tower).	
Dec 12 2008 	Fantastic Hotel and Service	On recommendations written on this site, I reserved a room at the Sofitel, St James.Was not disapointed, it was very enjoyable indeed.The location is outstanding and very accessible, the foyer and the reception staff were always very welcoming and friendly.The room, number 106 was a Queen sized room, I'm guessing this is a more basic room, but it was a very nice size and was of an excellent standard.The best thing by far, is the bed, it has to be the most comfortable bed, I have ever slept on. I took one of their advertising cards displying different packages of bedding that you can buy from manufacturer - it was blissThink we paid about 165 pound per night.For a couple of nights away, I would thoroughly recommend this hotel	
Nov 26 2008 	Loved	I stayed at the Sofitel London St.James at the beginning of November 2008 and really enjoyed my stay. The hotel staff was friendly and very hospitable. It has a very elegant, English feel. Good location, close to shopping and historical districts. When I return to London I’ll be choosing the Sofitel St.James again, and recommend it even for choosy travelers.	
Nov 17 2008 	Class Act!	The Sofitel St. James is fabulous and in such a perfect location. So many major monuments, galleries, and restaurants are within walking distance. The hotel is pure luxury. Breakfasts were excellent, as were dinners. The rooms we booked were spacious by any large city standards. Beds were very comfortable. The concierge recommended very good restaurants nearby and booked excellent seats for us at &quot;Wicked&quot;.We found a great deal on the hotel website, which beat anything offered by the discount brokers. We received 3 nights for the price of one, one free dinner, one free tea, free breakfast every morning. We also stayed over the weekend, when the prices are much lower than during the weekdays. All those freebies and our stay over the weekend drove the price down to something that was very affordable. (By the way, this excellent deal was not available on the hotel website until just a couple of weeks before our stay - so keep checking back.)The hotel staff, front desk and restaurant personnel were very professional. We had a bit of a mix-up on the free dinner. Apparently, there is a &quot;special menu&quot; for the free dinner, which we weren't given when we sat down. Instead, we were given the regular menu. Not knowing any different, we ordered off that menu and purchased a bottle of wine (48 pounds). The bill was 200 pounds (for 4), but we figured everything would sort itself out, since we did not expect that we would actually have to pay for the dinner in full, nor did we expect the wine to be complimentary. When the restaurant was closing out, they realized their error in giving us the &quot;wrong&quot; menu, called us up and asked us if we could come back the next night for our free meal (meaning we would pay in full for the first meal). We said, no, we had other plans the next night, but we would talk to the front desk about it in the morning. The next morning, we raised the issue with the front desk. We said we wanted to be fair - could they please just deduct the value of the &quot;free meal&quot; from our restaurant bill? They said they would talk to the restaurant. When we got our final bill, we saw that not only did they deduct what probably should have been the value, they deducted a full 150 pounds. That was more than fair. In fact, that was exceedingly generous. We were so impressed with every aspect of this hotel, that we will always try to stay here whenever we travel to London. This is a hotel where the guests clearly come first. Sofitel St. James is the ultimate, and there is no need for us to look elsewhere.	
Nov 12 2008 	Visit in London just in the Sofitel St James	the best hotel i ve ever been. The service is amazing.I loved the harpist payer in the rose lounge: It was nice drinking pink champagne in the pink room. The athmosphere was amazing. The flower decoration!!!The room I had was spacious. And I liked the style of the hotel. The breakfast was great as well.There was nothing they could not do for me.I will always stay in the Sofitel St James when I am visiting London,It was perfect.	
Nov 4 2008	Pure Luxury	Loved ths hotel I would return again and again! Room was beautiful, modern but classy and cosy. Complimentary champagne and petit fours on arrival added to our enjoyment. Visited during the Xmas period and the foyer was decked out in lovely white xmas trees and decorations. Did not eat in the hotel but the menu looked very good. 5 minute walk up to Piccadilly Circus so very handy for getting around. We ate in Bentley's (Richard Corrigans) restaurant which was literally a 5 minute walk away. If you are in the area you must go here it is a real treat and worth every penny.	
Nov 1 2008 	Wonderful Wonderful Experience	My wife and I stayed at the Sofitel St James hotel during October on 4 different occasions during our 5 weeks in Europe on business and pleasureWe loved the everything about the hotel, the staff were just fantastic nothing was ever to much trouble, the beds are excellent and by far the most comfortable beds we sleep in during our time in Europe, the location is the best in London close to transport and good shopping and walk to the parks and the rooms are a very good size for UK hotels Look no further for a hotel in London and go straight to the Sofitel St James	
Oct 27 2008 	Excellent Experience at the St. James	I stayed at the Sofitel St. James for a four night business trip starting on October 19, 2008. I booked two luxury non-smoking king rooms for my stay, one for myself and another for my client. I was booked into room 602 for my entire stay and was very impressed with the quality of furnishings, fixtures and the lay-out. Bed was very comfortable, as was the room overall.From the start, everything went perfect with one misstep along the way. Staff was excellent and contrary to other comments, I found the staff to be professional and very conscious and caring of our needs without being overbearing. In other words, I did not see staff until they were needed and then they seemed to appear from nowhere to assist and then disappear almost as quickly so as not to be in your face constantly. Housekeeping was simply amazing in this hotel. I never...ever...saw cart, linens or a housekeeper anyplace at anytime however the hotel was constantly spotless. I went to the lobby to meet with some business associates and realized that I had forgotten something in my room. When I returned to my room to retrieve it, my room was cleaned and spotless. This was all done in 15 minutes time and I never saw a housekeeper anywhere along the way. Room service trays and tables disappeared within minutes of being deposited in the hall, again almost magically. The hotel is in &quot;THE&quot; perfect location and is impressive from our first entry into the lobby. Hi quality and very comfortable but not overbearing or over done.We did not use the restaurant or other in-house services as we were trying something different for every meal out of the hotel. The one misstep and the reason I dropped one star on my rating was that the hotel put my client into a smoking room which should not have happened. While I intended to make a change in rooms with the front desk for my client, my client actually insisted that I not do that as he did not want to unpack and make a move etc. I have no doubt that the hotel would have made the change without a second thought other than to ensure that I was kept happy. Even with that error, my client told other business associates that he had found a new hotel for all future visits to London.I have stayed in several London hotels including, Radisson Edwardian Hampshire, London Hilton Park Lane, Conrad Chelsea Harbor (now Wyndham), Rubins at the Palace, Hilton Heathrow, Hilton Hyde Park and One Aldwych; the Sofitel was the best experience of them all. My room size was excellent, location and view was excellent, quality of the room and bathroom were excellent as was the hotel in general.Unless something really goes down hill on my next visit in four months, this is my new hotel for London visits.	
Oct 26 2008 	Very fancy!	We stayed at the Sofitel hotel for one night in October, on the third floor.First and foremost, the location of this hotel is amazing. It is only a couple of minutes walk to the National Gallery, really close to Embankment, the London eye, Big Ben and Buckingham Palace. We didn't have to use public transport at all, as we were close enough to walk everywhere we wanted.Our room was lovely - super clean, a really comfortable bed and a fabulous bathroom with a brilliant shower, lovely fluffy towels, slippers, dressing gowns, Hermes bath stuff and a heated mirror, so it doesn't steam up!Overall we thought this was a lovely place to stay. I would love to stay here again and would definitely recommed it to friends.	
Oct 12 2008 	Overrated	I stayed in the Sofitel for two nights (Superior room), and I think it is a little bit overrated. (price and reviews on this site)To start with the good things: the location of the hotel is superb, all major tourist attractions are on walking distance. Because the hotel is just two minutes away from the underground, the City is also very close. The staff is polite, but they are not really interested in their guests and did not make you feel very welcome. The room I was put in was a very dark room without almost any daylight (see photos), I had to put my nose against the windows to see what the weather was. That's not what I expect from a Sofitel. Because the room was next to a room where they keep their staff I was waked a few times at night. However, the bathroom was great, a good shower and a separate bath with plenty of hot water, even in the morning when the entire hotel takes a shower a the same time. The breakfast was ok, but again the staff does not seem to care very much about their guests, and it took quite a while before I got my coffee. When checking out I was asked if I enjoyed my stay: telling the guy that I did not really like my room did not help very much, he told me he was sorry and proceeded making my bill.	
Oct 11 2008 	Really nice Autumn Break - Good Location 	Just spent a mid week break at this hotel - an absolute dream, perfect really central,good location, good food, a really nice autumn break, to be recommended.	
Oct 9 2008 	Absolutely Perfect	It is a pleasure to stay at this hotel. From the first point of contact with their reservations staff you immediately get a feel for their professionalism and their attention to superb personal customer service. Nothing is too much trouble. As soon as you arrive, the stresses and strains disappear because here the staff really do care about their guests. We have stayed here with our children and this was the only hotel in London that would guarantee at the time of our reservation that our rooms would be interconnecting. The rooms are well equipped, spacious and with excellent bathroom and shower facilities - plenty of extra towels and toiletries. Everything is spotless and welcoming. The hotel have arranged babysitting services for us, and even had personalised welcome gifts for the children on our arrival, as well as complimentary drinks when their meal arrived with room service! Housekeeping also arranged for a DVD player to be available in the children's room during their stay. This made a huge impression on the children, who while staying at other hotels have sometimes felt as if they were not really welcome. Not so here.....the children were even entertained with their favourite tunes, by the pianist who plays each evening on the first floor balcony.The services offered from room service and housekeeping were efficient, speedy and always accurate. In fact all the staff seem to be keen to help out with every little request. Breakfast which is served at Roux (which is within St James Sofitel) is presented as a buffet offering cereals, fruits and continental style breakfast, but there is also a menu option offering individually requested breakfasts, including kippers or eggs Bendict if you so wish. The staff at Roux are once again extremely attentive to every request. This is a relaxed and pleasureable start to the day, so different from many hotels where one has to queue to even get into the breakfast room.Also worth noting is the valet parking service offered - which means that there was no problem arriving in London and having to worry about were to park your car.The hotel is located in a wonderfully elegant square and is perfectly situated for the west end museums and theatres.Yet it is peaceful, relaxed and elegant. The Rose Room is a perfect venue for relaxing with afternoon tea and a good book (the bookcase has many to choose from, if you have forgotten to bring your own).I highly recommend Sofitel St James for business or pleasure and for guests with children. We certainly look forward to returning again and again.	
Oct 8 2008 	A traveler's dream hotel	The Sofitel St. James in London is truly a traveler's dream hotel. The staff ( from the front desk, the concierge, the housekeeping, and all who work there) goes out of its way to make you feel at &quot;home.&quot; The hotel is beautiful. It is, without any exaggeration, a world class hotel. The lobby is modern while retaining both a traditional and European elegance.  The rooms are state-of -the-art. They are large, exceptionally clean, elegant, and have all of the modern conveniences a world traveler looks for in a hotel. The bed is so comfortable that you awake refreshed and rejuvenated. The housekeeping staff does an excellent job cleaning the room and will happily fulfill any extra requests you have. There is wi/fi in the rooms for those travelers who need internet access whether for business demands or modern realities. The hotel also has a fully equipped office with computer, fax, printer, access to internet, and etc.  What impresses you the most are the hotel's location and its guest services staff, including a day and night conceirge. The hotel is located at St. James', London, which means that all of the famous London sights are within walking distance: Buckingham Palace, St. James' Palace, Trafalgar Square, Nelson's Monument, Westminister Abbey, the Houses of Parliament, Big Ben, Downing Street, the river Thames, and the London Eye! And, Piccadilly Circus is so close, that you can take the London underground to any of the other places you might want to go see, like the famous Harrods, which is only three stops via underground from the hotel. And when you return from a day of sightseeing, you can enjoy dinner at the hotel's upscale restaurant, have a drink at the beautiful bar/pub, or enjoy traditional English tea in their stunning Tea room. If you have energy to spare, you can even fit in a workout at their gym, or enjoy a spa facial or massage offered by the hotel's spa. The staff at the Sofitel St. James deserves all the credit for making this hotel a world class player. From the moment you arrive, you feel at home. The day and night concierge staff will assist you with all your sightseeing questions, point you in the right walking direction, help you with maps and with planning your London underground trips, and even provide you with historical information about any of the sights you may want to see. They are so polite and professional, and eager to hear what you have had the opportunity to see and what your impressions are. The staff will provide you with any services you require; they do so with the sincere desire to exceed your expectations. Simply stated, the Sofitel St. James is excellent in all categories. It is truly refereshing to see that in this demanding world of travel, you can feel at home when you reach your destination and while you are there. Both the hotel and its staff deserve recognition for their success in providing travelers with not only world-class accommodations, but with the knowledgeable, professional, and friendly service it takes to be true ambassadors of beautiful and famous London.	
Sep 28 2008 	lovely	great hotel, great service. good personal attention.bar service disappointing. some rooms might need a little renovation.	
Sep 23 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed here to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary. I booked the hotel after looking on Tripadvisor and then going to the hotel website. We got to Trafalgar Sqaure and walked to the hotel. The location of it is excellent - a great base for walking around London. When we arrived at the hotel at around 1145 am we asked if they could look after our bags for us as we were a little early to check in. The girl behind the desk said that she would see if our room was ready and gave us a complimentry coffe while we waited. After a short while we were told our room was ready and that we had got an upgrade to a superior room. We went up to the room and were so pleased with how nice it was. There was everything you would expect - a flat screen tv, tea and coffee making, a minibar (we didnt use it as it was very expensive) bathrobes, slippers and an amazing bathroom with a seperate bath and shower . The bed was huge and very comfortable. We looked out over Pall Mall and the room was really light. We went down to the bar to get a drink and the bar staff were all really polite and friendly. We then went out to enjoy our day. When we got back up to the room there was a note on the desk from the manager welcoming us to the hotel and two peaches and some water - a nice touch. We didnt eat in the hotel other than breakfast which was great. The best eggs benedict I have had in a long while. The breakfast choice was huge - a bread basket brought to the table and then a choice of cooked from the buffet but also a choice of eggs, kippers and vaious other bits from the menu. Checkout was hassel free and they looked after our bags for us for the day while we were out.All in all this hotel was fantastic. It wasnt cheap £282 for the night however as it was a special occasion we felt it was worth every penny. I was so impressed I have cancelled my forthcoming stay at the Gatwick Hilton to stay at the Gatwick Sofitel instead. I cant recommend this hotel enough.	
Sep 14 2008 	Oh happy days!	We stay for a two night break at least 2 or 3 times per year in London and normally around Bond St area. We stayed here as somewhere a little different and we WILL be coming back! We had a Luxury King room and it knocks the socks off many of its contenders. The service was fantastic yet discreet and the room was really spacious and fantsatically quiet. Cleanliness is always a gripe for me in any hotel but this was pretty much faultless. The bed was great and I was so pleased at how comfortable the pillows are - I am the saddo that takes her own when I travel (which is frequent) and I didn't need to this time. The Hermes toiletries were a nice touch and the free standing shower divine. If I were forced to moan I would say that there wouldn't be enough wardrobe storage space for longer than 2 or 3 nights... I still love this hotel though.	
Sep 14 2008 	Very disappointed	As a satisfied user of Sofitel in NYC, Chicago, and Washington, I was quite disappointed in the London branch. The hotel has an excellent location near the royal parks and is convenient to the tube. The staff is quite friendly. However problems: (1) my room was in an airshaft and received almost no sunlight (it was actually quite sunny in London during my stay). The gloom was quite depressing (2) One Aldwych and other hotels in London no longer charge for WiFi. Sofitel's charge of 15 poinds is about the highest you will pay anywhere in the world. (3) the exercise room had only one machine, no free weights, etc. Sofitel improved the exercise room in NYC and should do so here.Bottom line: in this class of hotel there are much nicer hotels in London.	
Sep 6 2008	An excellent choice for afternoon tea.	We had afternoon tea in the Rose Lounge. This is a truly tranquil setting in the very heart of London. We had tried a reservation at all the usual Tea-rooms but found them booked out. This is a very very good alternative. Very intimate surroundings with a touch of class. Excellent value for money and a came out feeling refreshed and ready for the theatre. An excellent Harpist also played and added to the ambience. Well worth it.	
Aug 31 2008	Top Class Hotel	Wonderfull hotel, great location, right on the center (5 min. away of Picadilly). Perfect service, staff very helpfull and smiling. Food for breakfast and dinner excellent and it's a &quot;miracle&quot; for London. Room are big and very quiet, with nice furniture. Sure that next time we are coming in London we will book our room in Sofitel St James. Absolutly no souci, simple but perfect.	
Aug 23 2008 	Rooms getting tired staff still great	Have stayed at the Sofitel St James on more occasions that I can recall. The welcome from the staff has always been first rate, and the service continues to be impeccable. The &quot;free&quot; (for which read, &quot;included in the price, but not itemised&quot;) Internet access and mini bar are worthwhile.While the public areas remain in excellent condition, the rooms are starting to look somewhat shabby and worn.My most recent stay was in a junior suite: while of a good size, the furniture was chipped and marked; the sofa showed considerable wear, with stains on the cushions. It's all looking a bit tired, which at these prices is unacceptable.The Sofitel St James used to be *the* place to stay, now its fading. The quality of the rooms needs improving if they want to stay ahead of the pack.	
Aug 23 2008 	The Perfect London Hotel?	Everything about this hotel was perfect. It is upscale and a bit trendy, but even if you show up in t-shirt and jeans the staff give you 5-star treatment. There's no snobbishness. Great value (I paid about $350/night and my room was upgraded), and perfect location - steps away from Piccadilly Circus, but still in a quiet corner of central London. Also steps away from St. James's Park and Westminster. The bathrooms are particularly nice - heated towel racks and a shower system requiring a post-graduate degree to understand. Highly, highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 19 2008 	Loved this hotel!	Wow! I just returned from a trip to London and could not be happier with my stay at the Sofitel St.James. The staff was very friendly beginning at arrival and all throughout my stay. The hotel is beautiful, classy, but not stuffy. I did not partake in the breakfast in the hotel restaurant because I thought it was too pricey (24 pounds per person). They upgraded my room on check in. The room was big compared to what I've heard of other rooms in Europe and had an impressive bathroom and nice tolietries. The bed was very comfortable. BEWARE of the heated towel rack! It's nice but don't grab it! I almost did and that would have hurt. The view wasn't too wonderful- the side of a building. But with London to see, who sits in the room too long? The room service menu looked pretty extensive and the mini bar was stocked with anything you'd want (If you wanted to pay the high prices). The location of the hotel was so perfect. It was within walking distance to many area attractions and tube stops. I really can not say enough about how pleased I was with the location. I will definitely stay here again.	
Aug 17 2008 	Elegant luxury in the center of London	Only a a few steps away from the Piccadilly Circus tube station, this hotel is very centrally located. The rooms are very elegant, and have probably the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in a hotel. All of course comes at a price (as everything in London!).	
Aug 17 2008 	Central Location Great Service	The Sofitel St. James is a great hotel. Our room was a very good size, (for London). The beds were very comfortable and there was ample closet space. The bathroom was very spacious and they had very nice toiletries. The Continental Breakfast is good but it's not cheap at 21 pounds per person. The staff were very helpful, especially when we arrived early in the morning. They got our room ready just an hour after we arrived. Overall, the Sofitel St. James is a great hotel and I hope to come back soon.	
Aug 15 2008 	Wonderful stay - highly recommended	This is a truly fantastic hotel with great service and a great location, just minutes from Piccadilly Circus and Trafalgar Square.The room was large and well furnished. The hallway of our room was larger than some hotel rooms in London! The room itself was spacious with a desk, couch, coffee table and very comfortable king sized bed with plenty of open floor space. The bathroom was also quite spacious, with a large stand up shower, plenty of counter space, numerous plush towels, robes, comfy slippers, a hair dryer and Hermes toiletries. There was enough room for a roll-away twin bed for our daughter, although we had brought our own portable crib for her. Which leads me to another great point about the Sofitel: excellent service. Upon arriving in the room, I asked that the roll-away bed be removed and that the mini-bar be emptied so that we could store food for our daughter there. Two separate people arrived to take care of each issue, each within 5 minutes of our arrival. They were quick and polite in doing their tasks. Additionally, later in our stay the stopper in our sink became stuck and would not drain - again, someone from maintenance was there to fix it within less than 5 minutes with speed and courtesy.The room was smartly designed with a single switch by the door that turned off all the lights and an electronic version of the &quot;do not disturb&quot; or &quot;service please&quot; sign - quite ingenious. Numerous other nice touches abounded – umbrellas, good storage space, wireless internet, a flat screen TV, etc.We had dinner from room service one night during our stay and were pleasantly surprised by how good it was.	
Aug 13 2008 	Fantastic	This was the first leg of our five week Europe excursion and it was simply superb. The loctaion was as good as it gets and overall couldn't be faulted. All staff were so helpful, deluxe rooms incredibly spacious with the beds being the closest thing to heaven. I read all the review and i thanks to them i decided to stay here. &quot;Trust me you won't be disappointed&quot;. I am travelling back to London next year and won't stay anywhere else.	
Aug 5 2008 	A fantastic hotel well deserving of its 5 stars!	We stayed at the Sofitel London St James for one night, for our 10th Wedding Anniversary.Having booked a 5* hotel, we were curious to see what our money was going to buy us. We had no need to be worried!From the outside, the hotel really does look the part, with a very friendly doorman always present. It is an extremely clean hotel, and a lot of care has been taken to keep it that way.Once inside the lobby, the sheer luxury of the hotel is plain to see. Over the reception desk is a replica of the clock face of Big Ben, whilst the smell of all the fresh flowers is beautiful. All the staff working on the front of house are very pleasant and welcoming. Off the lobby area is the Rose Lounge, where afternoon tea can be taken if you are so inclined. Also off the lobby is the Brasserie Roux, which, although we did not go inside, certainly looks as impressive at is sounds.The hotel is split across 6 floors (7 if you include the Penthouse or Royal Suite). Our room was located on the 6th floor. There are 3 lifts, all of which were very posh and modern.We were highly impressed with our room, it was SO clean even the kettle had been polished! In the drawer of the dressing table was a hairdryer, which had also been meticulously polished. The bed itself was the most comfortable we have ever slept in, which makes perfect sense when you realise how much each bed (and linen) has cost. Pretty much everything in the room is available to purchase, and a catalogue is provided to show the costs. For our King bed, including the pillows/linen/duvet, the cost was approx £2600!!!The bathroom was also very clean, and comprised of a bath with an overhanging shower. The shower was very powerful, and the selection of towels was staggering! There were also 2 bathrobes and slippers provided, along with a selection of Hermes of Paris toiletries. Very interestingly, there is a telephone on the wall next to the toilet, so you don't need to miss out on that very important conversation when nature calls!TVs are provided in each room, with a decent selection of channels to choose from. There are the usual Sky channels, along with foreign (French, German, Spanish, Chinese, Arabic) channels and radio channels.An iron and ironing table are located in the wardrobe of each room, which comes in quite handy to uncrease clothes before enjoying a night out.The hotel is located right in the middle of the West End, a stone's throw from Piccadilly Circus and Trafalgar Square. Most of the big theatres are within very easy walking distance, and there are a number of nice restaurants nearby. Also, very handily, there is a Tesco Metro store just up the street about 100 yards.Overall we were very very impressed with this hotel, and would recommend it to friends and family without any worries. Shop around for the best nightly rates, and you will undoubtedly have a wonderful time!	
Jul 28 2008 	Sofitel St. James - An Oasis	Upon checkin we were greeted by the lovely fragrance of fresh flowers adorning the lobby, friendly and professional staff. Our queen suite was superb with lovely tub and separate shower. Ahhh! After an 8.5 hour flight from Canada it was heaven on earth!The exquisite bed was heavenly and our room was equipped with all the comforts of home. Room service luncheon was nicely presented and promptly delivered. Breakfast buffet in the dining room, though costly at 21GBP each, provided a variety of english breakfast and continental choices. The lovely Brasserie Roux is a fine choice for a lovely dinner.For those wishing to save some money on meals, the St James is handy to pastry coffee shops for breaky, pizza and takeout fast food and Tesco market for groceries and snacks on Regent St, and, of course the pubs and restaurants of the Picadilly Circus and Haymarket areas.Location was excellent! An easy walk to the Palace, St James Park, Green Park, Picadilly - where you can hop on any of the city tours, 10-15 minutes up Regent St. to shopping on Oxford St. We also easliy walked to the original Hard Rock Cafe down Picadilly for dinner.While in London we experienced 30 degree temperatures and our hotel was an welcome oasis of cool. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wishing a central location to attractions, a luxurious accomodation, safety and security. Pricy but well worth it!	
Jul 25 2008 	Good location nothing to criticize	A hotel in the typical Sofitel style, despite extenal appearances! Room was large and had typical Sofitel furnishings. Bathroom was particularly spacious and well-fitted. View was onto a blank wall not var away - though I wasn't there for the view, others might want to check when booking if they want to see something more interesting.Location - just off Piccadilly, not far from Trafalgar Square - is handy for tourists.Prices are a little steep (with rooms that expensive, should we really expect to pay for an internet connection these days?), but what else does one expect in London?	
Jul 20 2008 	Excellet hotel and amazing location	We stayed at the St James for a romantic night away and had an excellent time. The hotel itself doesn't look particularly special from the outside but is in a lovely location within walking distance of Buckingham Palace and Picadilly Circus.The inside of the hotel looks very high quality and has a modern feel to it. I don't know if it has had a refit recently, but it seemed to have been very well done - lots of modern touches but also seemed to retain a fair bit of its history.Our room was great, a nice size for the centre of London. The bed was massive and very comfy. The bathroom was excellent and the shower amazing. The shower head was about 30cm in diameter and just dumped water on you ... so refreshing. Certainly didn't have the low water pressure and lack of hot water that alot of other London hotels have. The Hermes shower gel and body lotion were also a nice touch.All the staff at the hotel were very friendly though we didn't eat in the hotel so can't comment on the restaurants. While we were in London, we stopped in at The Dorchester which is a much more expensive hotel. From what we saw, it came nowehere near the St James for the quality or service.The only slight problem I had was that I made the booking at the last minute but not through the hotel's site. Apparently they hadn't received payment for my room even though I had prepaid it. I was asked to pay again when I was checking out but, when I queried this, the junior member of staff called over a manager and he resolved the issue instantly.This is probably the best London hotel I have stayed at and I would highly recommend it over many of the more famous names. It's clean, modern and excellent value.	
Jul 18 2008 	Just perfect	We stayed at sofitel S.James for the week-end and it was a beautiful experience. Everything is just perfect: the location (close enough to the shopping area of Piccadilly/Regent Street and to the beautiful St.James Park), the hotel personnel (all of them french speaking) and, last but not least, the clean, quiet and &quot;cool&quot; room. Definitely a must if you happen to visit London !	
Jul 17 2008 	Beautiful	We booked the hotel as an anniversary treat for one night - wish it has been more as it is such a lovely venue. Located just a few minutes walk from Piccadilly and Trafalgar - very well located. We were given a free upgrade on arrival to a deluxe room that was huge with a gorgeous big bathtub and walk in shower. Every aspect of our room was perfect, except for no view as the room looked out on to a roof, but that didn't matter as the room more than made up for this. The staff were helpful and attentive. Room service and the mini bar were (as usual) overpriced so we didn't make use of these. For what we paid, we felt like we were in luxury - extremely good value and well worth a return visit.	
Jul 16 2008 	Lovely	Having stayed in the Sofitel in New York and thoroughly enjoying it - I decided to give the London one a try - and I wasn't disappointed.Very simply it was lovely!Concierge - helpful and friendlyFront desk - friendly and efficientRoom - absolutely lovely - particularly the shower! and spotlessly clean. Also really quiet due to very good double glazing - so between the quietness and the comfortable bed I had a fantastic night's sleep.Bar area - friendly. I was slightly worried that they might have been a bit pompous - but not at all!I would be delighted to have an opportunity to stay here again.	
Jul 12 2008 	Central to everything!	I was here for four days, the room was small, but I expected that. The location is near-perfect, close to everything - I walked the entire time I was in London! I did have a problem with the bed having some hairs in the sheet - the duty manager came over and changed the sheets himself! Other than that, the hotel was fairly quiet considering it's location to Piccadilly and the hotel staff was nice and friendly. I would return to the Sofitel to my next visit to London. Plus it's really close to Fox and Davidoff - two cigar shops!!	
Jun 14 2008	Fantastic Hotel	We moved to the Sofitel from the Walforf Hilton where the hotel was dark and dingy...The Sofitel by contrast was inviting, light, spacious with a courteous and very professional staff. My room was a junior suite and was spacious with a large bathroom, two closets and a window on Wellington Place. The windows are old fashioned sash models that open so I could enjoy the cool London breeze.Everything was first rate and the prices were better than any other four star I saw North of the river.	
Jun 13 2008 	Really Liked this upscale Hotel	This is a lovely Hotel located near Buckingham Palace. It has wonderful amenities like HDTV Flat Panel TV's, Robes, Slippers, Newspaper Daily, Great Bathroom with telephone, excellent wardrobe for your clothes, a secure safe and fast elevators. The only downside is that it is not REAL close to a tube stop. You have to walk a great deal of stairs to take the closest way from the Palace or walk around for a couple of city blocks instead. Overall it was more than worth the money. The Doorman got me cabs quickly and was very friendly. Word of warning: The minibar is pressure sensitve and if you lift a drink to look at it, it is charged to your room. Another problem was that someone charged an expensive meal to my room and we were not even at the hotel. It was taken off my bill after they verified it was not my signature or even my name.Really loved this place and hope to return. I give it an A+	
Jun 3 2008 	Fantastic	I stayed there for 1 night coming from New York. The extremely courteous staff took care of my bags immediately. At check in i requested a room with an open view. After 7 hours in an aircraft i thought a window facing a wall would quiet upset my stay here. I was very elegantly told that superior rooms (the one i booked) would not offer such a view. They offered me to upgrade to a deluxe for 30£ which i accepted and i did well. The room was large, facing Waterloo Place. Exactly what i needed. Spotless room and bathroom. Great great bed!The bar is rather dark and more french-like. Did not try the restaurant. I took my breakfast in my room. the room service was right on time. Again, very courteous not intrusive at all. 24£ for a very tasty english breakfast was reasonable (i paid more in London and elsewhere for much less quality and quantity). The location is just perfect. 5 mn walk from Picadilly circus without the crowd and the noise.I'll definitely stay there on my next trip to London.Note that most of the staff is french thus if you speak french (i do) it could be a plus.	
May 30 2008 	Great experience	Was here for four nights on a great deal from laterooms.comWas first put in room 534 which was literally a shoebox with a bed in it, there was truly exactly one foot of space between the bed and the walls on two sides and the bed and the desk on the third, with a sloping ceiling. Very claustrophobic for four nights, and even though I was on a cheap rate, I asked to be moved. With some resistance they moved me to a great room. No view, but a large window and lots of space. The bed was really comfy, water was left every evening at turn down. Not much storage space for clothes but everything else was really nice. I was lucky enough to have one of the bathrooms with a separate shower stall and bathtub which was enjoyable with the large rainfall type shower head and separate hand held shower head. The towels were great as was the towel warmer which seems to be standard in London high end hotels. The hotel is a 3 minute walk from the Picadilly tube station (Lower Regent St. exit) and less than 10 minutes from Charing Cross tube/rail so location is ultra convenient. People were uniformly friendly. Depending on your budget this hotel is highly recommended.	
May 27 2008 	Very Nice Hotel couple of Problems	Stayed here for 9 days on a business trip. This was my second stay at this hotel.First, the bad. The view was terrible - facing a brick wall for 9 days (at least it was private in my room!). Also had a problem with the shower, it was a shower/tub combo and there were so many knobs for the different options - there was a rain shower head, a handheld shower wand and a bath tub, plus different knobs to turn it on/off and change to the different water supplies and the hot/cold. Well, the first time I turned on the water the hand held device was pointing up over the top of the shower and it shot out like a fire hose, completely dousing the opposite side of the bathroom. It was actually quite funny, luckily they supply a LOT of towels in the loos there and maybe I was a bit hysterical after the 13 hour flight but it was funny. The shower had a folding door that was supposed to keep the water in, but it didn't really work no matter which shower head you were using, and the handheld head moved on it's own, so I pretty much gave up trying to use it after it flooded the hallway...I do travel a lot for business so it's not like I don't know how to use a shower. Several others in my party had the same issue with their showers. Last time I stayed at the property, the shower was separate from the tub, liked that MUCH better.The room service was mixed, the people were very courteous and the service was prompt. However, the first time I got a salad and wine, they brought no butter for the bread and also no ice water. For $70, you would think those items would be included. The second time I ordered room service, I specifically requested ice water but still didn't receive it. Not that big a deal, but again, for $75.00 you would think they could add that to the tray, especially when asked.The gym was never crowded which is great since the equipment is old and there's not much there - I used the treadmill but it's not exactly &quot;modern state of the art equipment&quot; as the web page notes.The great things about this hotel are The service, everyone is very friendly and responsiveThe bed is very comfortable, room amenities are nice, love the coffee/tea serviceLots of fluffy towels in the loo, also like the shower gel and lotion they providedGreat maid service, early and thoroughEfficient and friendly check in/check outWoud I stay here again? Most probably, but I would be sure to ask for a room with a separate shower next time :)	
May 27 2008 	Great location good hotel	We spent two nights at this hotel. We upgraded to a Deluxe room on arrival which was good and as other reviewers have said the bed was very comfortable. The reception and breakfast service was particularly good. The maid service and late night bar service seemed overstretched and not up to a 5* standard on this occassion. The gym was small. Overall it was a good stay and we would return to this hotel.	
May 23 2008 	Location Location Location	We stayed the night of the 18th May at the hotel in a dbl upgraded room, although as the previous correspondent said ,it didnt have a walk in shower, but the bathroom was lovely nonetheless. A very nice hotel, attentive staff - but expensive drinks. However, when you balance that with a very competitive £20.00 3 course price fixe menu it balances out.Breakfasts are also quite expensive, but we chose to eat a 100 meteres up the road at Marios, all inclusive for around a fiver, and very nice - allbeit not as grand as the Sofitel. I would stay at the hotel again, just for the beds !	
May 23 2008 	Wonderful stay	We stayed for 2 nights at the Sofitel St James during a business trip in London. We were a party of 3 persons and we booked a suite and 2 sglb. Our experience was great. The rooms, even the sglb were quite comfortable and equipped with all amenities. I have stayed in many London hotels and I have seen sglb to be a kind of cell. The staff were very polite and helpful. The concierge booked us in a very good restaurant in Kensington. Sofitel staff thank you for the wonderful stay. We 'll be back.	
May 18 2008	Great stay	Stayed one night for our wedding anniversary having secured a good deal for a superior room through the hotel's own website. On arrival we were given a complimentary upgrade to a deluxe room, however the room was still on the small side and didn't have a separate shower (as is advertised on the website) so I think we got one of the less deluxe, deluxe rooms!! The greetinbg we had was fantastic though - very friendly. Having said that, the room was fine, the bed - what can I say - the MOSt comfortable bed I have ever slept in. Allergy sufferers beware - there are feathers everywhere! But if I could've taken the bed home with me, I would have. You can buy the whole thing for a mere 3,000 euros according to the booklet left in the room!Fabulous location - about a 5-10 minute walk to Charing Cross Station, 5/10 mins to Soho - I'd recommend going there for dinner. The bar prices are pretty steep - I work in London and am used to the prices, but £18 for a glass of wine and a beer - ouch! Buckingham Palace is about a 5 minute walk and you can stroll through St James' Park which is lovely on a summer's afternoon. Overall we had a lovely time at the Sofitel and would happily stay there again if I could get a similar rate for a room. Not sure I'd pay the rack prices though.	
May 14 2008 	C'est magnifique!	A wonderful location and a very nice stay overall. The little touches to welcome us were a nice surprise, such as the fruit in the room and the welcome letter and drink in the bar. The room was large and very well-equipped. The bed was wonderful, it was very hard to get up in the morning! We did have a couple of minor complaints such as the cleaner spending a long time cleaning the room even though she knew we wanted access, and the lack of towels next to the shower but these are minor problems compared to the whole experience. We'd both love to return very soon!	
May 11 2008 	Excellent Hotel	My wife, daughter and myself have just returned from a 3 day stay in Sofitel St James, and thoroughly enjoyed all aspects of our stay at the hotel. The location, staff and rooms were second to none, with incredible attention to detail. We requested a cot for my 15 month old daughter, and found a baby bathrobe, teddy, baby bath and rubber duck in the room - such a level of service. I really cannot fault the hotel and will definitely be staying here next time I visit london.	
Apr 29 2008 	Thoroughly enjoyed the Sofitel St James	My Mum and I were given some free train tickets and decided on a shopping weekend in London.I booked this hotel via LateRooms and got a great deal so was really excited to be going - the hotel didn't disappoint. It is very well located and is in easy walking distance of Piccadilly Circus, Regent Street, the Theatre District, Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square - the list goes on.We went for a superior double room which was a little on the small side but perfect for our purposes. The shower was excellent and the bed exquisite.The staff were extremely friendly and helpful and we enjoyed a lovely afternoon tea in the Rose Lounge.I wouldn't hesitate to go back to the Sofitel St James again and in fact, my Mum and I are planning our next trip!!	
Apr 23 2008 	Thumps up! Very nice.	My husband and I stayed in Sofitel St. James for 4 nights. We have only good things to say. All the personnel was very helpful and friendly, always greeting us with a smile. The bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in in a hotel. I didn't feel the weight of my body on the mattress at all, even after a long tiring day. There were also several nice touches, as small bottles of water by our bed for both of us every day, slippers, bathrobes, and towels were renewed even in the late afternoon, if we had used them during the day. Instead of the welcome blaring from the TV set, there was a letter on the desk from the general manager of the hotel addressed to us.Location, location, location. Piccadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square, St. James' Park, Buckingham Palace etc. all in walking distance. One night we went to a theatre, and just walked there and back. We found some interesting shops and cafes for lunch in the neighbourhood. Also right next to Piccadilly Circus on Regent Street there was a big grocery store, Tesco. Many times in big cities it is difficult to find a grocery store, (for example in New York). The hotel is also the straight shot from Heathrow Airport on the subway, Piccadilly Line. You can take the tube to either Victoria Station or London Bridge to catch a train to Gatwick Airport.The hotel room was not huge, but it was big enough and tastefully furnished. The shower was also amazing. The hotel was very peaceful, no rowdy groups. I would definitely would like to stay there again next time I am going to London.	
Apr 13 2008 	Lovely hotel good location!	We stayed for just one night in late March and really enjoyed or stay. The most comfortable hotel beds we've experienced for ages. The staff were all efficient and courteous and the decor was lovely. I especially liked the Rose Lounge where we had afternoon tea!Very close to St James' Park, Piccadilly etc etc. Would definitely stay here again when we next visit central London.	
Apr 12 2008	Simply the best!	Stayed one night at this fabulous hotel and can only say good things about it. The service is exceptional - all staff were welcoming, friendly and efficient. It is also well located for London's main attractions.The room was fab with the most amazingly comfortable bed, excellent bathroom with extra towels which was a real treat - wanted to stay another night the bed was so comfy!!Would definitely go back.	
Apr 1 2008 	Fabulous	I booked this hotel through a Priceline &quot;Name your own price&quot; deal, and on previous stays at other hotels we have been allocated the smallest rooms with no view etc. Fine - you get what you pay for! However, at St James I had a totally different experience.For the price of a three star hotel in central London we were able to stay at a superb hotel in a pefect location - just round the corner from both Trafalgar Square and Picadilly Circus. Not only that but we were upgraded on arrival - what a bargain.Having worked for a competitor five star hotel chain several years ago, my standards are somewhat exacting to say the least. I honestly could not fault the hotel in any respect.Service levels were exceptionally high, and always with a smile. The one thing that really stands out in my mind though was the copious supply of towels in the bathroom. Your usual allocation (two bath towels, two hand towels, flannels and bathrobes) were on display, and under the sink unit were another couple. A superb touch - not that we needed them being conscious of the environment.We didn't eat in the hotel but took cocktails in the bar - again superb.I would highly recommend this hotel and hope to stay there again myself soon.	
Mar 30 2008 	Great Location	Because i get a special rate from working in the industry, we were given a very good deal to stay in this hotel - stayed for five nights in total.On arrival - were upgraded to a deluxe room but as there were no non smoking rooms avail had to take a smoking room - went to see them all first and the one we chose thankfully had no smell to it and windows that opened. The main things we noticed about the hotel were the staff - all were french (being a Sofitel) which didnt bother me too much but made me wonder why i was in a London Hotel with a full french staff - the housekeeping staff's english wasnt the greatest. Staff were VERY attentive to the verge of annoying - if you walk in they are running up to you asking if you had a nice time can they carry your bags etc.. for a hotel where you are expected to Tip for these things, this can be an issue and you would have to be very firm on the matter regarding tipping or not tipping i think.We kept our do not disturb sign on the entire time we were in the room after our first experience of the first evening having the housekeeping maid burst in the door and chatter away in french telling us she was going to turn our bed down for the night.. kicked my husband off the bed to smooth the sheets and provide the slippers/mats/bottles of evian etc but it was really just a bit annoying and for the rest of our stay we were left alone with the DND sign on permanently unless we were out (then they did therooms)Room service very pricey - def. recommend the Marios cafe a little up the road on opposite side.. did a great 5 GBP breakfast. dinner wise, walk up to Soho and go into a pub.. the easy location means your not stuck for choices and there is a tesco express 3 min walk up the road which was great for sandwiches/a pint of milk which we kept in the mini bar (which we removed the contents and purchased our own food instead - for 4 GBP for a glass of milk you would be a little insane to want to order from Room Service unless it was an emergency)Overall we loved the room and enjoyed our stay, but wouldnt stay again unless we had the cheaper rates - its a very comfy hotel and great location but there are dozens much cheaper nearby. a nice treat through.	
Mar 11 2008 	Mostly exellent	Perfect location for central London, rapid and friendly check-in, a bit small but elegant room (standard queen, 6th floor, nice view over the roof tops), friendly staff, suits to honeymooners and businessmen alike.However, there were minor problems, too: bathtub had a drainage problem, a maid rang the door bell 8.30 in the morning, a staff member wanted to fill in my minibar 2 minutes after I had arrived after a whole day out from the hotel, and finally incorrect bill (with minibar items I had not touched). This was quickly solved, though. Oh, and the tea mugs in the room were stained.Anyway, I do recommend it!	
Mar 10 2008 	Great location lovely beds	You can't beat where this hotel is located, very near to St James Park. The rooms are nice and clean and the beds are fabulous. Very quiet as well. Value for money wise the place is excellent.Small criticisms. Due to the nature of the building it feels a bit dark and enclosed. The decor is a bit old fashioned. Locally for breakfast I recommend the Inn in the Park, nice location and a 5 minute walk away.	
Feb 29 2008 	Fantastic hotel	I cannot believe how quiet this area of London is considering it is literally a stones throw from Trafalgar Square !!!Fantastic hotel, modern rooms, stunning beds, great staffJust a great hotel in every way	
Feb 29 2008 	Elegant Hotel with Great Staff and Service	We stayed a weekend at the Sofitel St. James, choosing it based on our previous experience of the brand in New York. Relaxed but elegant charm just about sums up the experience here.Arrival and check-in were effortless and we were told that as our room had no street view we could change it if we wished. The room was more than acceptable and we were pleasantly surprised at the quality of the decoration and furnishings. Our rate included a complimentary drink in the bar and staff were exceptionally helpful and friendly.The bathroom had a separate shower cubicle and all was well stocked with Roger &amp; Gallet toiletries. The bed was exceptionally comfortable and the room not too crammed with unnecessary furniture.Breakfast in the Roux Brasserie restaurant on the ground floor was pleasant beyond words. Both in quality and quantity the food was among the best hotel breakfast offerings I've experienced and served by friendly and approachable staff is an unfussy way.A hotel I'd recommend without hesitation and to which we'll return again.	
Feb 27 2008	A good choice for central london	Our experience reflects that of other positive reports. This is a very nice, well-run hotel. Yes, an attempt was made to up-sell upon check-in but that can be good if they are offering good value, the money they don't earn tonight will be gone forever. We chose not to upgrade and the room was fine, well furnished but in line with London hotels it wasn’t large. The location is very convenient to Trafalgar Square, The Mall and Piccadilly. While the hotel is tucked out of the way taxis were easy and the surroundings pleasant; this is a great place for a hotel. Housekeeping was good the staff acknowledged us when we entered the hotel each time and the concierge cheerfully provided the services we asked for. These people know their business and we will return on future occasions.	
Jan 30 2008 	subtle changes	This is a good hotel, we have stayed many times. It has changed it's policy and now looks for higher value clients, with high occupancy being of reduced importance. So although they are less busy they are making more money because they are getting more per customer. They were keen to upgrade us when we arrived even though we had organised a deal with them on a specific room. I felt there was a subtle pressure to extract more money from us which spoilt some of my experiences there. I feel I will need to shop around more when stopping there again or maybe I will need to check out other hotels.	
Jan 22 2008 	Very good solid hotel but reflected in prices	This is clearly a very good hotel; hard to find faults with it. Perfect location, clean, good rooms, fantastic bed, great bathrooms, all necessary amenities, excellent food at the restaurant and good service (contrary to some other visitors I found the service attentive and very efficient). One negative for me was that the room I had was facing the internal yard and at first glance looked slightly depressing because of that, the lack of light, darker decor and a relatively small size (but not that small by London standards). Later this was not a problemAnd finally, the quality and location of the hotel are amply reflected in the prices.	
Jan 14 2008 	A good base for 1 night in the Smoke...	We stayed here for 1 night of our honeymoon stopping off between New York and the Maldives, and it couldn't have been better.The room was a decent size, the bathroom was huge (bath AND seperate shower) and noise was non-existent. Breakfast was pretty expensive (and not included in the room rate) so we bundled to a small place just up the road (a French owned cafe which served an excellent choice of continental style breakfast treats...!).The location is the best though, right near Oxford Street, Soho, Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square, etc. Also, just a short walk from Picadilly Circus (direct tube ride to Heathrow a real bonus...!).I agree with the comments about the staff...a little non-existent to say the least but pleasant enough (this is London after all).A little tip - if you are staying, join their privilage club (for free) before you go. That way you get a free drink in the bar (up to the value of about £12...!), a bottle of water and free gift in the room (although we didn't get the latter...!).	
Jan 11 2008 	Weird hotel conveniently located	We've stayed in this hotel for 8 nights in January. It is perfectly located for tourists and shoppers with lots of opportunities for eating out nearby.What was strange there is staff. Absolute lack of motivation! No attention to negative feed-backs. Seems that they don't want to be there but just have to. As a guest you have a feeling that you are unexpected alien whith stupid bothering requests (which actually need to be made several times in some cases there). It’s a very unpleasant feeling, especially when they charge you heavily for the room. Moreover you expect this hotel to be technically perfect, but it’s not as it had TV sound not working + shower and lavatory faucets were a bit used. The bathroom door had significant gaps so it is very smell-transparent for those who are outside the bathroom, therefore it's not right choice for romantic pairs. I will never come back to this hotel as there are several much better ones both for business and leisure.P.S. They charge for the broadband internet	
Jan 4 2008	Great Location	We went to London for New Years Eve. The hotel was very well situated to Charing Cross Station, Leicester Square, Hyde Park and Covent Garden. All the places we wanted nearby to avoid costly taxi fares.The staff were pleasant but we found they were all heavily accented and we found it diffcult to understand them at reception and at the bar.The rooms were not overly big and the bathroom was quite small. but it was lavishly decorated in Black and Chrome. Very clean. Perhaps a little over expensive for what you got - but then I guess you are paying for the prime location.We enjoyed our stay but there was something missing from the hotel that we couldn't put our finger on. Atmosphere, ambience? We have stayed at various 5 star hotels in London which all seemed to have something extra special about them - this one did not.	
Jan 3 2008 	Classy good location expensive and very French	This is a classy hotel. Location is excellent. But it is expensive - £21 per person for Continental breakfast and £24 per person for full English. We thought this was included but wasn't and to be honest I personally cannot justify spending £48 on breakfast when I have spent £245 per night, per room, so hubby and I walked along to Apostrophe and had paninis and great cappucino for just under £6 each (turn right out of hotel - about 100 yds). Having said that, we got back really late on New Years Day and fancied a snack - Club sandwich and fries £15 per person, but it was excellent. Housekeeping is top notch. Beds ar so comfortable. All Staff we came across were French, nice to see that Sofitel look after their own, don't often see that in British hotels.I would return, but tend to get just as good rooms/service at Red Carnation Hotels and breakfast at a cheaper rate.	
Dec 31 2007	Lovely Stay	I stayed here for a long weekend with my mother- we had a lovely room with a river view. the bed was amazing, better then mine at home. the lobby is quiet and the staff is helpful but not particularly friendly. I think the location is perfect if you want to explore London but not that easy to get to the airports from here. take advantage of the breakfast- its fantastic.	
Dec 23 2007 	Perfect Location!	We stayed here the weekend before Christmas and had a wondeful night stay. We only had a small overnight bag and so enjoyed the 20 min walk from Victoria station to the hotel. We arrived an hour early but our room was ready for us. Very cheerful reception staff.The room was fairly small (we were offered an upgrade for an extra £50 but as we were only staying one night it wasn't necessary), but was full of everything you could possibly need for a comfy stay. Hairdryer, bathrobes, iron, ironing board, tea/coffee making facilities, mini bar, t.v. safe. The bed was extremely comfortable. They must have many compliments on the bed as there is a catalogue from which you can purchase mattresses and pillows! Great bathroom although the water was only on the verge of being warm and not hot. There was a large choice of food and drink on the room service menu but we stayed clear due to the prices - £190 for a bottle of Jack Daniels! We had a pre-theatre meal in Brasserie Roux which is the restaurant attached to the hotel. The food and service was excellent, as was the price. Just £20 for a three course meal plus two glasses of wine!We also noticed that we had had a turn down service when we returned from the theatre which was a lovely touch. They had even left a note next to our bed letting us know what tomorrows weather was expected to be! Newspapers were left in a bag outside our room in the morning.The hotel is in a perfect location, just a few minutes walk to the theatres and the shops are even closer so no need for using public transport or taxis.We didn't have breakfast in the hotel - £21 extra. Instead we went to a lovely cafe just to the right of the hotel called apostrophe, definitely recommend it for coffee and pain au chocolate!We booked through the hotel and payed £120 for a classic room. We had this low price as it was paid in advance and non refundable if we cancelled. Will definitely be returning to this hotel again!	
Dec 21 2007 	a little piece of paris in london!	I booked this hotel through american express travel service after first checking comments on trip advisor! We arrived early so our room was not ready, but had a lovely brunch in the bar. We were then given keys to an upgraded room at about 12.30.The room was very well equiped and beautifully decorated. The staff were all charming and most seemed to be French as did quite a lot of the guests. The hotel is very well located especially for the shops! and we didi not feel the need to travel by tube,during our stay which is always a bonus in London. Our only small gripe was that on our first night we were told we did not need to book a taxis,we arrived 30mins early for the doorman to get us a taxi,but due to torrental rain there were no taxi available,and threfore we had to cancel a dinner reservation, which was fine but if you have theatre tickets as some guest did, MAKE SURE YOU BOOK TAXIS!	
Dec 20 2007 	A Classy Gem!	Luxury, location and service with a smile!!!We tend to enjoy the Sofitel chain of hotels we have not been dissappointed yet...this was no exception. Travelling to a european city with 2 children has its challenges! This property is located in the best possible location for all siteseeing..everything is walking distance and a cab is never more then a minute away. Your removed from alot of the traffic congestion that goes with every big city. Staff is very accommodating (lots and lots of umbrellas for everyone). Its not overwhelming ,subtle luxuries...like the beds and linens ensure a goodnight sleep! Restaurant may be alittle pricey particularly for a breakfast our family of four 200 pounds I nearly fainted!!! However this place is surrounded by great places to eat and shop!!! I would not stay anywhere else.You can't go wrong!!!	
Dec 15 2007 	Can businesstravelers trust Sofitel St James London?!	I booked my stay at St James Sofitel London 1,5 month prior befor arriving. I choose a comfortable delux or something room and booked on the Sofitel site self. All went well and i got my confirmations. A need to know: I also have a priority guest Sofitel card. All set and done i thought.The booking resitriction were clear for me..... but were NOT for Sofitel apparently. A few hours befor arrival, i got this telephone from booking. If i was planning to come by myself or with 2 persons? I answered that i was traveling alone. &quot;we cannot offer you the room that you booked because many people want to sleep at our hotel this weekdend and we will put you in a small one single bed bedroom. You can take one drink from the minibar as complementary drink - do you accept this offer? And sorry Sir but you have no other option&quot;.I was stunned. And angry. And argued. I made my reservation, seccured by creditcard and as a preferred guest. And for that moment it was not possible anymore to get another room elsewhere. Angry because I cannot trust Sofitel!! St James did choose for the money, as they could book my room to a couple and push me into a prison room of 4m2 or something with the most tiny single bed i ever saw in my life (maybe 1m80 x 90cm). They disregarded our agreement!I really looked forward on my stay at this hotel, but feel betrayed by Sofitel. How can they do this to preffered guest cardholders - i still cannot figure this out.Overall experience: i was not happy at all here because of how they treated me. It felt as if i was a B-guest instead of a preferred guest. I will use the Sofitel hotels worldwide, but not the St James anymore. Because i serieously doubt. A SPECIAL WARNING TO ALL BUSINESSTRAVELERS AL ONE: CAN WE TRUST SOFITEL ST. JAMES??? beware of this hotel, because if they wish, they they change agreements by the snap of a finger.	
Dec 13 2007	Fabulous	I can't fault this hotel. Service was superb. Room was lovely. Breakfast was delicious. We'd definitely stay here again and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.	
Dec 12 2007 	Fabulous	Wonderful hotel in a great location. Centrally located with super quiet rooms. Will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 29 2007 	Enchanting	Loved the whole atmosphere of this hotel...and on top of that it also had the comfiest bed I've ever slept in, the best pastries ever found outside of France, a superb location, and excellent service. I could quite happily live here!	
Nov 20 2007 	Up to the usual high standards	For a great location in London, with service to match this is the hotel to stay in. I have stayed in the hotel sevearl times over the past few years, it is still my number one choice for overnight or longer stays in what I would say is one of the most exciting capital cities in the world.This time my wife and I took our six year old daugher with us, as we went to see King Tut at the O2 and then on to see Joseph the musical. The hotel staff made a fuss of her even leaving a teddy bear on her bed. The location of the hotel makes walking to Oxford street, China town and the various shows more than easy.	
Nov 16 2007	GREAT!	Great hotel! Great location, professional staff, very clean, good room size. Would recommend the hotel to everybody!	
Oct 26 2007 	My Favorite Hotel Anywhere	I have stayed here four or five times for two nights on business overthe course of the last 18 months. Everytime I return, the staff remembers me by name. When you ask for something obscure, they will get it for you at no charge. When I checked in this last trip, there was no water in the room, and within five minutes, room service arrived with a large bottle of Evian at no charge.I recently &quot;lost&quot; a shirt in the hotel (either it got mixed in with the linens, or I misplaced it). When I inquired if they found it, they immediately reimbursed me for a replacement, no questions asked.The bed is the most comfortable bed I have EVER slept in. But be careful, you won't want to get out! I highly recommend you have two wake up calls. :) The heated towel racks are a nice touch as well. The location is great in central London, convenient to the Tube. The bistro in the hotel is nice as well but a bit on the pricey side.	
Oct 22 2007 	Wonderful base in London	Having stayed in Sofitels in France and liked their style and extremely comfortable beds we decided to try Sofitel St James, and have just been back for the second time. The location is superb for theatres, opera, upmarket shopping and art galleries yet just away from the main crowded areas, in a former bank on Waterloo Place overlooking Pall Mall and historic statues. The largely French staff don't seem to mind the address and on both our visits have been friendly, welcoming and helpful. If you arrive by car the concierge service offers valet parking (£40 for 24 hours). Check in and out very efficient.The style is quietly modern, black &amp; chrome and glass feature strongly, the bedrooms and bathrooms offer everything you would expect with impeccable standards of cleaning.Minibar prices as usual are punitive, but we tend to avoid them anyway. The bar and restaurant (Brasserie Roux) are undeniably expensive but of high quality and Central London prices are high generally. We shall be back.	
Oct 18 2007 	Sofitel was perfect!	Many people have noted that they would not recommend this hotel for travelers with small children. We stayed 2 nights with our 7 year old son. We were upgraded to an executive room which was very spacious. The roll-away bed was not in the way. The staff was very courteous to our son. Contacting the hotel directly, I was able to get them to include breakfast in the room rate (which was very expensive, but it's London, after all.) The room was the same price without breakfast. At $42 US/per person, there's no breakfast that good! It was a wonderful breakfast, though, and the breakfast personnel were perfect and professional.At a price such as we paid, I would have liked to have had real cream and real coffee in the room instead of powered stuff. A French press would would great with the electric kettle.I also had trouble, as did another reviewer, with water coming out of the shower pan. That was probably &quot;operator error,&quot; as it only occured on one of my showers. My son loved the big tub, and living in South Alabama, he'd never seen a towel warming rack! Ah, the education of travel!Little bitty kids might be uncomfortable (or make their parents uncomfortable--it's a pretty swanky place, after all), but well-behaved kids will feel right at home. Don't be put off by comments about not bringing a kid here.	
Sep 22 2007 	Great beds excellent location but high prices	We enjoyed three very comfortable nights at this hotel over the Labor Day weekend of 2007. This is a five-star property, and the service was five stars, but as I will explain below a shock with some prices dampened my overall enthusiasm.My first impression on flopping down on my bed was that it was the most comfortable bed I ever had been on. I kept that impression. Feather mattress, big feather pillows, feather comforter. Beware allergy sufferers!Other things I noticed right away: fresh roses, a view over London, windows that opened widely, a very fancy bathroom with two showerheads, heated towel rack, beautiful artwork.It is hard to overestimate the high quality and professionalism of the service staff. I never saw a maid's cart, but our room was perfect. The front desk and room service were very prompt. The concierge desk is very fully staffed. An example of their service: I had a problem with a CPAP (medical equip.) machine I use to help me sleep. I asked to borrow some pliers or tape. Instead, they took it, gave it to their hotel engineer. He sent someone out to get a new cord. The whole machine, fixed, was returned to me in less than an hour. (There was a preapproved five pound &quot;portage&quot; charge added to my bill for making a run to the store and back.) I was SO relieved.The location of this hotel literally could not be better. The main London tourist office is about a block away, where I was able to get some advice on a train and purchase tickets. Trafalgar Square, the beauiful St. James park, Picadilly Circus (3 blocks), the Theatre District, and so on are all extremely close. There s a grocery store almost across the street, and numerous cafes nearby.Cons: Although there were many kinds of tea in the room, there was only instant coffee and powdered milk. I guess I could have called room service, but their prices scared me. I ended up getting coffee at McDonalds. Also, minibar prices were extremely high. A coke costs four pounds. Restaraunt prices also seemed high, but probably are average for this type of hotel. At any hotel in the USA I would have an ice machine and coke machine in the hall. I missed that. Finally, I won this hotel on Priceline for $240 USD. That seemed like a lot to me, until I checked at how expensive London hotel rooms are. When I checked in I told them I needed two beds, and not one. I had to pay 110 pounds extra for this (total) for 3 nights. At other hotels I won on Priceline, I never had to pay extra for a second bed.	
Sep 11 2007	Great weekend deal	We were able to stay at this 5 star hotel (their rating, not mine) for 120pounds per night which in London is really a great price.The weekday price is much higher than the weekend rate. It is all you could ask for; quiet, helpful staff, clean, chic, nice bar, great breakfast, cool lobby and the dreamiest beds in the world. This may not be the Ritz or the most cutting edge find, but the price and the location were great and we would surely stay there again. We were there for a wedding and when I mentioned the price to other guests from out of town, their jaws dropped! They were mostly paying twice that at other hotels.	
Sep 11 2007	Superb	What a find.We like our comfort. We rarely get away from the kids, so when we do we treat ourselves. We booked this on the back of the New York Sofitel being so nice. Wow we were not dissapointed. This was better. Room was really comfortable, bathroom was really big and beautiful. location was 200m from Picadilly Circus yet nice and quiet. A bit expensive maybe but worth it. Breakfast was also perfect.	
Sep 10 2007 	excellent location great experience	Just back from weekend in London. Booked this hotel fromrecommendations on this website. Thank you! From themoment we walked in the door we were looked after. The location is ideal to explore London. The staff were extremely helpful, our room whilst small had everything we required. If I had one complaint it would be the service in thebar was extremely slow....but this is really only a very smallcomplaint. Breakfast was excellent, dining room very tasteful.Loved it and will stay again!!!!	
Sep 9 2007 	Great Hotel in Perfect Location for London Tourist	We spent two nights at the Sofitel St. James in late August 2007. The room we stayed in was a bit small, but it was extremely clean, comfortable, and quiet. The staff was also very helpful in accomadating our travel schedule (early check-in and early check-out with a cab awaiting) as well as advising us about touring London (restaurants, shows, etc.). The hotel is in the perfect launching point for a London tourist - a few blocks from Picadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square, and a short stroll to Leicester Square and the Theatre District. Its also a few blocks from the double-decker tour bus stops.We booked our stay through Priceline.com (directly - not through the bidding process) and after all of the fees and taxes, it ended up being about $400 USD a night. This was the most we had ever spent on a hotel room, but believe it was well worth it (especially considering how expensive London is).	
Aug 30 2007 	Just Wonderful - always	I am writing this after returning from my 5th visit to Sofitel St James. I can honestly say I have never experienced stuffy staff at reception or anywhere in the hotel. They are always very welcoming and go out of their way to make your stay special. When we arrived, early this week, our room was not quite ready, we were early and we were immediately offered drinks or tea in the Rose Lounge. The rooms here are so comfortable, they do think of everything and of course the beds are sooo comfortable, ( I recently stayed at The Ritz on business - had the choice of hotel been mine I would have stayed at The Sofitel. I was given a junior suite which was large but overly fussy and with uncomfortable seating and a very hard bed. It was also very noisy and breakfast was poor) when you stay at the Sofitel it's worth forgoing a mornings sightseeing or business meeting just to have a lie-in in their fabulous My Bed. Breakfast is good but expensive if you only want something light. I would advise dont book to have breakfast but take it if you want it., Breakfast at The Wolsely next door to the Ritz is an occassion worth doing . We did have dinner in Brasserie Roux just before we left and it really was excellent - again great food and superb service.I love the bar, its sexy but not uninviting or impossing. While we were staying a family with three young daughters came in after a visit to the theatre. They sat in one corner of the bar, very well behaved and enjoying their virgin cocktails. In other hotels they would not have been allowed in. That's the beauty of this hotel, it's primarily a busines hotel but whatever reason for your stay they make you feel welcome and special. My daughter went down recently with a friend after passing their A levels with A grades. The hotel made them a cake in the shape of an A which shows such thought on behalf of the management. When you read trip advisor you do get temped to try other hotels but why bother, Softiel St James wins on location every time, but what makes it really at cut above ( It deserves to be higher in the Trip Advisor rankings) is the fact the hotel is pure luxury without being pretentious or stuffy and the staff make everyone feel welcome	
Aug 30 2007 	Worth every penny!	Was fortunate to have stayed at the Sofitel New York last year so knew it would be great. We spent just 2 nights in London, without the kids, so wanted it to be perfect. It was. From the time we arrived at the Sofitel (10am and way too early for check in) they had a room ready for us. Amazingly polite staff. The Rose room was even prettier in reality. Even the public toilets were immaculate and really well decorated. We didn't eat at the hotel but had beverages in the Rose Lounge and bar a number of times....excellent service, fabulous decor and potent cocktails! The decor in the bar is very dark and masculine....perfect for late night drinks.The room was a pleasure.....exactly as the website shows it. The best part was the location. Turn left at the hotel exit and walk 2 minutes to St James' park/5 minutes to Downing St. Turn right at the hotel exit and walk 3 minutes to Piccadilly Circus.The porters are a credit to this hotel. They were hailing taxi's as we asked for one!Despite the hotels ranking and room rates, there are no unpretentious airs and graces.Would be happy if I could always stay at the Sofitel......somehow, I think the experience might be different with a toddler and a 4 year old!	
Aug 29 2007 	Fantastic trip	I cannot reccomend this hotel enough.Having had a disasterous experience at The Academy (see write up) at Easter we braved a return journey to London May bank holiday.We got a pretty good deal and when we arrived were upgraded to a better room which was huge. We were showed round by really friendly staff and felt really special the whole time we were there.Reyurning to our room in the evening our bed had been turned down with drinks and slippers left for us, classic FM playing in the background. The bed was just so comfy it was difficult to get out of it in the morning.For us it was fantastic and the food at breakfast was simply gorgeous. We reccomend the eggs benedict.Cannot say too many good things about this place and will certainly be returning.	
Aug 28 2007 	Excellent	Very nice hotel in the heart of London. Staff are very friendly and efficient. Rooms kinda small but have everything you could need. Would definately recommend it to everyone.	
Aug 4 2007 	Great hotel - great location	We spent four nights recently at the Sofitel St James and were delighted with our experience. As Sofitel card holders we were upgraded to a larger room and given the complimentary drink and also late check out (well worth paying $200.00 Australian per annum for this card if you travel frequently as always get upgraded).The Hotel was centrally located just minutes walk from Picaddily Circus, the Concergie staff were very helpful and the staff in the bar were wonderful as well as having a great sense of humour.The rooms were comfortable and modern and the bed was great, typical Sofitel pillows and mattresses (which we love).The bathroom was bright clean and functional, only issues was that the shower did not have a deep enough tray at the bottom and water would go through the door onto the floor. Simple solution roll bathmat up against the door, this was annoying and we advised the hotel of it, but not enough for us not to stay there again. Simply put its what you expect of Sofitel Hotels.The location is great as you can walk to Buckingham Palace and all the other sites, London Eye, No 10 Downing Street, Big Ben.Quick tip: dont eat breakfast in the hotel, expensive, nip around the corner to Eat where you can take away or eat in a great breakfast for a couple of pounds.Nice touch was that the hotel had free orange juice, coffee and crossaints next to the front counter for early morning departure guests.Would stay there again and recommend the hotel.	
Aug 4 2007 	Perfect Experience	We stayed at the Sofitel St. James during July 2007 and had a fabulous time. The hotel is charming - fresh flowers everywhere and a Rose tea room. Our hotel room while small, was comfortable and exceptionally clean. It even had an umbrella. The reception service was wonderful and they did everything to accommodate us. We requested early check-in. When we arrived at 12:00pm, they apologized profusely for not having a room ready and offered complimentary tea and coffee in the Rose room. A room was ready within a half hour with an upgrade. We requested late check-out and again, we were graciously accommodated. The hotel is perfectly located at the heart of the London tourist sites and we could walk to the theater. On top of the wonderful service and location, the room rate was a bargain for this level of hotel by booking ahead and paying in advance on the Sofitel website. I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 1 2007 	Great hotel - still a shame about the staff	There is a clear common theme running through many of the reviews of this hotel. First, the positives:- fantastic location, ideal for a visit to London as a tourist- the beds really are that comfortable- the rooms are among the best soundproofed I've ever stayed in, so you should have a very good chance of an excellent nights sleep- good rooms, good bathrooms, plenty of space- decor is interesting and fun, even if not to everyone's taste- food good.Overall, I would recommend the hotel, and would like to stay again because the positives are many.However, the negatives that other reviewers have reported were all present and correct on my most recent visit (of three stays altogether).Firstly, those chambermaids are still in the habit of bursting into your room for no apparent reason. One of them appeared at 5pm while I was in the shower. She quickly disappeared and never came back to do whatever it was she was going to do (presumably turn the bed down).Secondly, the payment systems still seem to be a bit of a mess. This is not helped by reception staff who are still fairly offhand and seemingly clueless about how their systems work.I had booked 2 rooms, one for myself and my wife, the other or my parents. My parents arrived before we did and checked in. When we arrived, we checked in and were also asked to check my parents in too. It took some time for the staff to grasp the concept that the latter had already happened ('are you sure you have checked in?' - yes, here's the card; 'did you check in under your own name?' - no, we just made one up at random etc).On the morning of departure, we had breakfast, and as we were paying for the rooms, my parents offered to pay for breakfast, which they did direct with the restaurant manager. However, on checking out, it took a good half an hour to verify that breakfast had been paid for, even though we could produce the receipt from their own restaurant. The restaurant manager eventually appeared as a 'character witness' to verify.Finally, my wife and I left before my parents, having handed in the completed express checkout form for both rooms. When my parents handed their key in, they were practically accused of trying to leave without paying. It took another half an hour before the reception staff found the express checkout form and, without apology, let my parents go on their way. Needless to say, my parents were very upset by this shoddy treatment. I should add that I called to complain and did receive a very gracious and unreserved apology for this obvious breakdown in their systems, but it is a pity that the hotel seems to do this sort of thing consistently.So, my advice would be: - turn the lock on your door - this appears to illuminate a red light outside the room which presumably tells ther chambermaids that you are in - they may not burst in then, although you may then forego the turndown service.- avoid booking more than one room - if you have to, test the reception staff's understanding of how you are going to pay and make sure they note this down on your records- charge stuff to your room - don't try to pay separately for anything	
Jul 25 2007 	Great location is the best part	We stayed here for two nights in early July and absolutely loved the location. This hotel is a stone's throw from Trafalger square and Picadilly Circus and we felt we were right in the middle of the action. The hotel itself is sophesticated and well decorated and the most of the staff seemed friendly. We booked this online on priceline and booked a queen bed which at home usually accomodates our two small kids who love to sleep with us whenever they can. The website never asked if we had kids and we thought nothing of the matter until we got to the hotel and were told that we could not be given our room because it was against fire regulations and that the only way anyone can book a room like that is if we had said we had no children! We thought that maybe we made a mistake and they gave us a suite which cost as much extra as we had already paid for the original reservation. Once we were home, we found that we could make the same reservation without being asked once about kids but there is some small print about &quot;double occupancy&quot;. Anyway, we just want future travellers to beware.Except for this which ended up costing us a lot, the hotel was nice and we would stay here again.	
Jul 10 2007 	Overall Okay - but faced serious customer service challenges	I stayed at the Sofitel St. James this past April for a long weekend after being in south England on business. As this was my first time in London (other then flying in and out) I choose the Sofitel based on the reviews from this site and I have to say that overall I was pleased with my stay. The location is wonderful, the rooms are exceedingly comfortable (I don’t think hotel bathrooms get better then this!) and the staff is pleasant and helpful – I should know! I do however have a slight bone to pick with them. My check-in proved to be a nightmare! After arriving at around 10am (much earlier then the posted check-in time) much to my pleasant surprise a room was available and I handed the very pleasant woman behind the reception counter my credit card and that my friends is where the troubles begin. While trying to pre-authorize my stay their system declined my credit card, I explained to the receptionist that this is impossible, please try again, and she did – declined again, ultimately she tried three time, three times their system declined my card. I finally handed her my personal bank card and after declining that two times their system finally accepted it on the third attempt after breaking down the room nights. Now stay with me here because that now totals 6 attempts by the hotel on two different cards at around 1400.00USD per attempt. I finally made it up to my room and after getting settled I got on the phone with my credit card company to try and resolve the issue and they tell me that they see the transactions and all the transactions have been approved, the Sofitel has now charged (are holding) me 3 times on my credit card and 2.5 times on my personal bank card! Their system was wrong. I make it back down to reception and try to explain what my credit card company has told me and request that they release the excess charges. You would think that this would be a simple matter for a hotel such as the Sofitel – 45min later it proved that it wasn’t so simple. Ultimately I was on their phone in reception for the better part of an hour bouncing back and forth between my card companies, the Sofitel receptionist and their VISA vendor trying to explain to the Sofitel that the charges had been approved, even supplying the approval codes to no avail. FINALLY – after much headache the problems were thought to be resolved and I was able to go on about my evening. This is where I feel they dropped the ball a little bit: I understand that technology has it’s glitches and things don’t always run smoothly but the problem was not with my cards, it was with their system, and after fighting this for much longer then the hotel or I cared to did they offer a bar credit to buy me a drink? Maybe comp a breakfast? Did they offer any kind of extension of service that showed that they truly regretted the inconvience I faced upon check-in? NOPE!! While I was not looking for a hand out, some token of appreciation for my patience as a valued customer would have spoke volumes! I must take a moment and say to the credit of their staff that the young women behind the counter during this nightmare was very helpful (given the fact that she was just as frustrated as I was). Fast forward a few days and upon my check-out I was assured that all matters had been resolved, the correct card had been charged (I had asked them to remove my personal card from the file after all had been sorted with my credit card) and it had only been charged once. Wouldn’t that have been nice!I get home back to the States only to find out that they have charged my personal bank card once and my credit card twice. To try and make an already long story short it took multiple conversations and faxes and emails over months to finally remedy the situation and never once did I get anything more then a haphazard apology tag line on the bottom of an email. And while yes, I do believe that a sincere voiced apology can be more then sufficient (maybe a phone call guys?), when you are in the service business and you stumble to this degree sometimes a little extra bit will go a long way to ensure repeat business, especially in such a competitive business as London hotels go.	
Jun 13 2007 	Less than its parts	I have stayed here twice and I agree with many of the positive points made by others: location, housekeeping, those beds(!), perfect sound attenuation, stellar air conditioning, food quality etc. This hotel can be a good value, especially on weekends, but is nowhere close to a true five star. Service: On my second trip, I arrived in the evening with two large bags and a giant briefcase. There was not a bellman to be seen either outside or inside the hotel. A staff member came out of the hotel to get a cab for someone but did not think to alert anyone that an arriving guest might need some assistance. At check in, the very pleasant young woman told me to put my bags over THERE at the unoccupied concierge desk. Check in took at least 15 minutes as she hunted for a non-smoking room that had been requested and confirmed. It turned out that - voila! - all the non smoking rooms had been given away. Food: The restaurant is surprisingly good and, it being central London, not badly priced. Breakfast is a princely 21 pounds. That gets a decent buffet. The menu shows a cooked breakfast being available from the kitchen, but no server requests an order (nor are orders seen being delivered to other tables). At breakfast on both visits almost a year apart, there were tiny insects flying around the sweet rolls on the buffet. Appetizers arrived before pre-dinner drinks on two occasions. Attempting to get the bill in order to actually get to the theatre on time required more persistence than any hotel guest should have to go through.“The look”: The mix of pseudo-classic and modern furniture is pleasant but doesn’t quite work. There are hints of Kelly Wuerstler’s “Alice in Wonderland meets the Queen” genius as exercised in some California hotels, but these are only hints and, in the end, what could have been a spectacular mix of the old, the new and the very grand comes across as none of these. Ultimately, these are nits. Despite all of my misgivings, would I stay here again? Absolutely.	
Jun 12 2007 	Loved Loved Loved Sofitel St. James!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel St. James 05/17-05/21.The minute we arrived... we were greeted by a friendly doorman who took our luggage while we handled the check-in process.We arrived to the hotel an hour before the check-in time, this was not a problem as our room was readily available. The check-in lasted all of 5 minutes before we were off to our room.Our room was very clean and nicely decorated. As soon as we were in the room I had to lay on the bed and rest a little while as the jetlag was setting in. As others have mentioned here on tripadvisor...the bed was soooo comfortable!!! This was just what we needed after sitting in an airplane for 11 hours. 2 out of our 4 night stay at the Sofitel St. James, we had drinks at the hotel bar. The hotel bar was not very big...but very nice and comfortable with great service and great martinis.  The location of the hotel could not get any better. Sofitel St. James is a few blocks away from the Piccadilly Circus, and Trafalgar Square. It is also a short 10-15 minute walk to Buckingham Palace and to Covent garden. If you are looking for a great hotel in a great location...look no more and stay at the Sofitel St.James.	
Jun 1 2007	gorgeous hotel	Everything is just right here from the location in Regent St to the feather beds and shiny bathrooms. Add the welcoming staff and you have a recipe for a delightful stay in London.	
May 31 2007 	Old world feel with Modern Amenities	Had a great 3 night stay. Hotel is in an old bank building but has been updated with modern amenities. Front desk staff was very helpful. Excellent location in St James/Mayfair. Not the charm of the Connaught or Claridges but I'll take the modern plumbing and air conditioning systems in a heartbeat. Brasserie Roux excellent for breakfast. My new first choice for London.	
May 29 2007 	So Bed for life - BEST BED EVER	I went to stay at Sofitel St. James for a weekend. I have never been to London before, and this was a fantastic choice by my partner. The decor has an old, elegant look to it, but the rooms were spectacularly modern as well.The rooms were immaculately clean and I'm a perfectionist and anal for organization, so I was extremely impressed with how the housekeepers organized all of stuff. I loved the little weather forecast ticket/bookmark thing, it felt very personalized.We ordered breakfast for room service and it was pleasantly surprised at how much food there was (who wouldn't be happy waking up to the arrival of fresh breakfast?)! We took the bag of pastries back to the airport and they were so good!My partner was impressed that we received The Independent and/or The Financial Times in the morning over The Guardian or The Times (He just wants to look smart.). But the best feature of the entire hotel experience was the bed. I was so happy to find that there was a brochure given, in case we wanted to buy a bed for ourselves! The bed is all the hype! It is so soft, I felt like I was sleeping on a bed of clouds and definitely the best bed I have ever slept on in my life. Sofitel may be expensive, but it was totally worth it. Try it out!	
May 27 2007	V. happy with stay - loved it	We stayed here 3 nights in May 2007 and loved it. Great location - walking distance to many major sites and theatres. My husband said it was the most comfortable bed he has ever slept in. Arrived around noon and front desk staff apologized for room not being ready. They offered us a complimentary drink at the bar or in the tea room, as it would just be a few minutes. After a long overnight flight, and then the tube to pic. cir. stop (hotel is about 350 metres from the stop), we were anxious to check in. As promised, the staff came and found us when the room was ready, and we were still enjoying our tea. Room was superior category (their low end) and beautiful. Very spacious. Manager sent up some fresh figs and bottled water. Water was replenished each evening at turn-down. Check-out was smooth. Will be the only place we stay in London.	
May 18 2007 	Fabulous	I had the pleasure of staying at the St James Hotel for 1 night; I thoroughly enjoyed my stay, we were able to check in early and the service was outstanding. The hotel is in an excellent location, we walked from Buckingham Palace back to the hotel. The rooms were very comfortable and fairly spacious. Highly recommended.	
Apr 17 2007 	wonderful stay	I never post reviews but after using tripadvisor to find a hotel that could fit my fickle demands for a short business trip to London without bankrupting me (and my client really who was paying for it), this hotel lived up to its reputation. I got a great deal on priceline after placing a blind bid and was glad I got stuck with the Sofitel.Rooms were clean and comfortable, the bed was like a cloud, bathrooms were fantastic. They even gave you little slippers that that I still have. The tea room is also cute and I had a great cup of oj. The LOCATION is right where you want to be. A block from all the action which is around the corner but off the main drag so it is more quiet. Picadilly,tube stops, movies, shows bars etc are walking distance and in other direction is a park and historic palace where they keep the royal horses or something like that. Great hotel!	
Apr 17 2007 	Very good	We booked in for our anniversary based on our fantastic experience of the Sofitel Silom in Bangkok.The hotel is in a great location in London. We got a free upgrade to superior and the room itself could not be faulted.My only gripe is the ridulculous prices on the breakfast menu, I still keep laughing now at the thought the anyone would pay £15 for a bacon sandwich, or £6 for a bowl of cereal. I guess that summarises rip off London for you though.	
Apr 11 2007 	Most Comfortable Bed in London!	The Sofitel St Jamers is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. The staff were polite, friendly and always happy to help. The room was absolutely perfect, the bed was probably the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in and the wonderful Rain shower was out of this world. The hotel was in a brilliant central location being only a short walk from Picadilly, Leicester Square, Soho, Covent Garden etc perfect for a great night out. In short the hotel is first class and I can't wait to stay here again!	
Mar 29 2007 	My Favorite Hotel in Europe	My wife and I stayed at the Sofitel St. James in August 2005 on the first leg of our European honeymoon. We found the staff to be courteous and responsive, hotel to be clean, and the room (their most basic with a single queen bed) to be the most comfortable we would end up having on our entire trip. This Sofitel, like the others I have stayed in, also has a fantastic scent to it as well. We enjoyed the breakfast buffet, which was fresh and had good variety, but was very expensive. I returned again in October, 2006, needing the hotel for a single night before relocating to a friend's flat (they were away from town the first night). I made the mistake of taking the regular subway from Heathrow to Picadilly Circus (took a crowded and hot hour, with dozens of stops), and walking the two blocks to the Sofitel (easy &amp; down hill, but the last straw after 7 hours in an airplane and the subway experience -- take Heathrow Express into the City and then a cab!!). By the time I got to the Sofitel, bags in tow, I was sweaty and exhausted. The welcome I received as a returning guest was like none I've received in Europe. They took my bags from me, upgraded me to an executive room, escorted me to the bar, and gave me a cold drink on the house. They then came and found me after my bags were ready for me in my room. The upgraded room was lightyears better than the room we loved so much on our honeymoon. It was a corner room with two floor to ceiling windows with privacy shades that let some light in. It had a huge soaking tub, separate shower, and the standard (which is to say fabulous) Sofitel bed. I took a long hot bath, showered off, and went to bed. I woke up the next morning for a massage I was able to schedule on arrival the night before (they have a small massage room next to their fitness center). They contract out the massage services. The woman who arrived was in her early 20's, and gave me the best deep tissue massage I've ever had. My only complaint about the entire stay was that gratuity was apparently included, but the form I was given to sign after the massage had another blank for gratuity, and I gave her a full tip twice. I'd have been more upset if the massage hadn't been so good. (My only other complaint about the hotel is the lack of a pool or a hottub; if you can get a room with the soaking tub you should be able to make due without).On checkout, the bellman promptly hailed me a cab, and loaded all my things for me. I see no reason to ever stay at a different hotel in London, and will make the Sofitel my foreign home on every future trip.	
Mar 26 2007 	great room great location	We stayed overnight the beginning of march in a deluxe king size room. Excellent room - very large bathroom with separate walk in shower (with a large shower rose but not much room to move in the shower). Fresh figs and water provided after we returned from lunch. Signed up for Sofitel membership, which enabled an early check in and late check out (4pm) - not many hotels offer this and was relaxing not having to check out early. Membership included a free drink each, which we had in the bar post theatre. Pre theatre food was ok. Water menu was interesting! Great location, great room. Would def stay here again.	
Mar 21 2007 	bliss	spot on hotel, if you have the money to burn stay here as it is very expensive BUT it is worth it, luxury at it peak. bellissiomo	
Mar 21 2007 	CIty Break	Location: Quite good location in the West End. The hotel is just at the bottom of Regent street near Trafalgar Square. Easy walking distance to shops, need a cab to get further afield.Food: Only had some room service but food was very nice if a touch expensive.Service: Check-in was very efficient and they even upgraded us to an executive room. Throughout the rest of our stay the staff were very pleasant and courteous.Room: Sofitel beds are great, you can feel yourself just melt into the pillows. Rooom was nice, decent TV but no pay-per-view. Bathroom was marble with seperate bath and rain shower. Overall a nice room.Overall: A nice hotel for a a week-end break, close to shops, lovely interior and good service.	
Mar 8 2007 	More then so-so	Location: perfect and quietRoom: nice and comfortable, ceiling is high and good size for London, nice decor exept strange wall paper around the entrance.Bed: comfortable ( if you prefer duvet )Bath room: clean and niceReception: nice if they are working for a bank.Concierge desk: there was a queue, so must be popular. Door man: Cheerful and helpful.  but sometimes not around the front door,Maybe I expected too much after I read all reviews beforeI stayed at the sofitel st james, my opinion is its just an average 4* hotel, not lower or above average.	
Mar 2 2007 	just fantastic	The hotel in a first part is really good looking and i can even say beautiful in many points , on a second part all of the employees were very helpfull and nice .The hotel location was great , you can go to main attractive points without a car .I will come back to Sofitel London one day ,but only for few days cause it s a little bit expensive.	
Feb 21 2007 	When can I move in?	I honestly cannot fault this hotel. If I can move in I would. If you're a visitor to London, then this is the place where you want to stay. Walking distant to Soho, Covent Garden, Piccadilly etc. But I also don't think you'd want to leave your bed as it is soooo comfortable. The staff are very friendly and the hotel has the most beautiful entrance. Try the rose room for tea and champagne. Lovely. Even though we live in London it was the best treat for Valentines.	
Feb 20 2007 	Great location quiet most comfortable bed I've ever slept in	In the week prior to my departure to the U.K., I made a last-minute switch to the Sofitel St James based on the positive reviews and high rating on TripAdvisor. I knew it would be a very nice property however was hesitant due to the cost of the stay...wasn't sure whether the extra expense would be worth it.Having just returned I can tell you I have no regret from spending an extra $100 or so per night over what I was planning to pay elsewhere. From the early check-in (yes, they could accommodate us at 8am!) through departure, the visit was exceptional. The quality of the superior room I booked was very high, with a wonderful shower head and furnishings. The bed was the most comfortable I've ever experienced anywhere. It was so comfortable that my traveling companions and I would joke that we didn't want to start talking about it while on our excursions around London fearing we'd abandon the sightseeing and head back to bed. The rooms are extremely quiet and the housekeeping is invisible. In the three days I was there I never once saw a housekeeping cart. In fact the only encounter I had with them was when they rang my bell to inquire if everything was done up to my satisfaction. I have no idea how they cleaned the rooms without being seen. In the evening we would return to a room that was not only turned down, but had the trash emptied, a weather forecast left, and towels freshened. They have a nice system where you can flip a switch inside the door indicating whether you should not be disturbed or indicating that housekeeping is required. The location on Waterloo Place is just below Picadilly Circus and at the end of Pall Mall. This is a great jumping off point to the West End and beyond and is just far enough from Picadilly that you feel close to the action but don't have to deal with the noise and crowds. In fact, the traffic is very light by London standards at this location. If you're looking for a quiet, high-quality property in a great location, the Sofitel St James can't be beat.	
Feb 9 2007 	Great rooms/service small gym	Wonderful hotel staff, beautiful rooms, great location. I didn't really like the gym, it was SUPER small w/ only about 4 machines... but I guess it was acceptable. I stayed here and the meridien and would return here but never to the meridien. Only stayed one night, though, so didn't really get to see the restaurant or anything else. Staff was nice and they give you a free paper. We asked for two beds at check-in and they didn't give it to us which wasn't nice.	
Feb 9 2007 	A true 5 star experience real value for money	What a great hotel experience!The room and the bathroom were beautiful, in a perfect condition, period features mixed with modern touches. The room was elegantly furnished, with a very comfortable bed and completely soundproof. The bathroom was spacious, with a separate shower, black and white marble tiles, very luxurious.The hotel's restaurant, Brasserie Roux, has one Michelin star. We had a lovely pre-theatre dinner, which in adition to being absolutely delicious was an amazing value for money. No doubt one of the best pre-theatre options in town.We found a great deal on one of the travel website, only 137£ per night. This hotel is good value for money even for 200£.The location is perfect as well - only 5 min walk from the nearest tube station (Picadilly) , walking distance to many London attractions and theatres. It's a beatiful period building too, unlike many faceless chain hotelsI would recommend this hotel for both pleasure and business. A true 5 star experience.	
Feb 7 2007 	Top-class business hotel	Unbeatable location. In addtiion, Sofitel delivers excellent service. Although the interior style - the lovely spacious bathroom excluded - may seem a bit dull, it is top-quality and every customer need is sought for. Try the afternoon tea.	
Jan 27 2007 	Second stay marred by an unpleasant experience	I had posted a &quot;fantastic&quot; review of this hotel back in 2005. We recently stayed at this hotel again and we thought it was fantastic until a very negative incident occurred. Our advice is to flag your own cab and never ask Concierge to arrange a cab.	
Jan 22 2007	Absolute Perfect Location and Great Room - at a great price!	My husband and I stayed here over the Christmas holiday and would highly recommend the hotel to anyone. We booked directly through to hotel website and got an awesome deal - $120 USD a night. The hotel is located just down from the metro stop at Picadilly Circus and a few blocks from Trafalgar Square and one block from St. James Park. Walk to the National Gallery, the West End Theaters, Westminister Abbey, Big Ben and Buckingham Palace. Easy ride on the metro everywhere else - or walk if you want more exercise. Hotel is very confortable with a great fluffy bed, a modern bathroom and satellite TV. Staff is very friendly and concierge was very helpful. Perfect for the London tourist who wants to be close, have a confortable place to rest at night (and even in between sightseeing) at a great price.	
Jan 15 2007 	Brilliant hotel. Highly recommended	At under one hundred pounds including all taxes, this was a steal, courtesy Priceline. Cosy (not too tiny, just ample) room, luxorious fittings, ultra comfortable bed and pillows that you just sink into, black and white marble/granite everywhere with olive green tapestries, heated towel racks, a CD clock radio, and generally a well designed room.This is an old bank converted into a hotel, steps away from Picadilly Circus and about a 3-4 minute walk from the tube stop. Bus stops are just outside. The British and London Tourist Centre is across the street, a Tesco supermarket is about a 2 minute walk. Very convenient for the theatre going crowd and for tourists in general. The concierge was helpful with all basic requests. The doormen were cheery. And walking in and out of the place, one just felt grand.Slight inconveniences: the (wonderful) rainshower was adequately warm at the hottest setting, no more. Probably a one time anomaly.	
Jan 12 2007 	The Elegant Hotel	We booked 2 Classic Rooms which cost us 175 GBP + 17.5% VAT, for 4 adult and 2 childrens, included breakfast for 3 nights stay.Its stunning hotel which is located in the former home of Cox and Kings bank in the very heart of London, England. Right on the corner of Pall Mall and Waterloo Place, within walking distance of St. James’s Park.The best of all, we had experienced having breakfast at the award winning Brasserie Roux restaurant which offers first class French brasserie cuisine every single morning. Beside the food, the service was excellent. The classic rooms we got, were comfortable accommodation and extensive amenities. The stylish chrome fittings and elegant black marble is marvelous. The extra bed for our kids had been settled when we arrived. They were so attentive to our request.Our room has no view, as was offered by the deluxe rooms which have views overlook Waterloo Place or Pall Mall. The front office and concierge is helpfull.Look around, we found the Rose Lounge, a traditional tea lounge that pretty, feminine décor with a subtle colour scheme of pink and cream, deep wool rugs and a fifties chandelier, creating a delicate and fresh ambience complemented by stunning displays of fresh roses and the sound of a harp. Its &quot;wow&quot; hotel. We Love it....	
Dec 29 2006	Smart and central	A very smart, clean, modern hotel, not the most characterful, but everything works and it's very comfortable. The bathroom was particularly well equipped, with a fabulous shower. Staff are polite and helpful if not over friendly. The location is wonderful, with the west end on one side and St James park and Westminster on the other-London is on your doorstep. Breakfast at £20 each for a continental version looked laughably bad value so like other reviewers we skipped it.	
Dec 14 2006 	Wonderful experience	I arrived at the hotel at 9pm during height of Xmas party season.I hold a Gold card and had booked online at fairly short notice. Arriving at 9pm following a drinks party I was told there was no record of my reservation. I looked at my printout and realised I had booked for January by mistake!Front desk managed to find me the last room in hotel, very impressed. Lovely meal in the Roux Brasserie (have the salmon followed by skirt of beef)	
Dec 13 2006 	Nightmare service	My partner and I had to attend separate work Christmas parties on the same evening and I thought it would be wonderful to cap off the night with a hotel stay in London - as well as being safer than trying to get home late at night. i booked the Sofitel through a bookings website and I had other 5 star hotels to choose from but chose the Sofitel because we had a lovely stay in the Beverly Hills Sofitel a couple of years ago.What a mistake!I had called ahead to explain that we would check in late and separately so they would be prepared. When I arrived a 9pm, they knew nothing of it. Explained again, wrote my partner's name on teh form where the receptionist asked me and retired to teh room. I was then awoken by a call shortly after midnight to say my partner was in reception and was it okay to send him up. they sent him up without a key so I had to get out of bed and let him int he room. So much for a restful night!The next morning a staff member burst into the room without any warning while we were washing and getting ready. I was naked at the time. We then found that there was only 1 bath towel in the bathroom so we had to share it. We found the room to be quite grubby - the curtains were stained. There was no view that others have mentioned - we looked into a back alleyway. The room was tiny compared to the glorious space we had in LA. The shower screen didn't work or was broken. The toilet roll holder had been attached on an angel so that the roll slid off every time you touched it. I had ordered a newspaper on checking in and that was not delivered.In all - not a 5 star service. I complained and was offered a measly 25% off the £195 + VAT room rate.Now I find that the authorisation they asked me to do on my debit card is still showing despite the room charge being deducted! I can't get any money out of my account until it clears. Absolutely hopeless service.Needless to say, we will not trust another Sofitel. But if you're ever in Berlin - try the Swissotel whcih I am reviewing!	
Nov 16 2006	Peter-Pan like eyrie above the rooftops	This hotel wins on virtually all counts. First of all, the location - just five minutes walk from Trafalgar Square - is very central and many areas of London - including the National Gallery, National Portrait Gallery, Leicester Square, the West End theatres, the Charing Cross bookstores, the Houses of Parliament and the London Eye - are within easy striking distance of the Sofitel. The second bonus is the comfort of the place. Yes, the central heating in the lobby might be a little overpowering. But, as is the norm, the bedrooms come complete with adjustable thermostats, so you can choose the degree of heat which meets your particular comfort zone. The lighting in the room is superb with a wide range of different lamps and spot lighting which makes the place very warm and inviting. Many middle-aged people find it difficult to read under the lights provided by most hotels. But the two small spotlights above the headboard of the bed really help you to read with ease,Thirdly, my room (which cost me £160 sterling + 17.5% VAT) was full of engaging small touches which added to its lustre. There were two pieces of original artwork in the main bedroom and the bathroom respectively and both were quite striking. I also liked the small potted cactus plant which was growing in the bathroom and the vanity mirror with the illuminated surround, like an artefact you might expect to find as part of the plotline in an Agatha Christie murder mystery. Also, to make like easier for joggers, they've thoughtfully provided them with a small map which delineates the different jogging routes in the vicinity of the river Thames and St. James's Park. Fourthly, the room was on the sixth floor and it afforded me a great view of the rooftops of London. I've seen many views of London over the years. But this perspective brought back childhood memories of Peter Pan and the rooftop environment invented for him by J.M. Barrie in the opening stages of the eponymous book. It also reminded me of some of the scenes in Mary Poppins and I half expected a younger Julie Andrews to tap on the window of my sixth floor eyrie and drop in for breakfast with me at the Sofitel. So, in a nutshell, the top floor of this hotel has the capacity to turn seasoned guests back into children again, albeit in their imaginations.Finally, breakfast in the Brasserie Roux was very tasty, with the full range of English, Continental and Healthy eating options available in buffet style. The staff are great and they provide a very efficient service with unobtrusive elegance. Also the check-in staff have a certain charm of manner, which seems to spring from a genuine desire to help their customers (as opposed to the artificial bonhomie affected by the staff in some of the other major hotels). In a snapshot, the Sofitel takes care of you with a high degree of professionalism and empathy from the moment you enter its portals.This the second time I've stayed in a Sofitel. My stay in the Presidential Suite of the Sofitel in Washington is documented elsewhere (on the tripadvisor Washington pages). Although my room in the Sofitel, London was a bit more modest, I loved the place and I'm truly sold on the Sofitel way of doing things. Just wish that I had brought someone with me to share the experience !	
Nov 6 2006 	Did not dissapoint	Husband and I decided on a last minute trip to London, usually get a child-free night down there two or three times a year. Always stay five star and always come home with a least one niggle about the hotel. Not this time, booked this hotel on the strength of the reviews on this site and we were not dissapointed. Booked online the Sofitel Excellence Package £250 plus vat for a delux room, bottle of champagne in the room and full breakfast. Location, service, staff, room, breakfast even champagne were excellent. Got to be the most comfortable beds in London - will definitely stay again - very soon I hope. Off to the Marriott County Hall with children next weekend, see how that compares!	
Nov 6 2006 	Sofitel St James	A stylish conversion of an old bank. with the knock on effect that the rooms vary a lot even within a category, avoid the rooms near service lifts or be woken at 6am, corner rooms are often larger, join the Sofitel privelege scheme and even on the first stay they will offer an upgrade if there is space.It has a great location, people who don't know London well can get their bearings by a short wander round this area which leads you to so many tourist attractions/theatres/restaurants within a 10 minute walk in almost any directonThe beds are excellent, hotel bar is expensive but all 5* London hotel bars are and it's normally a relaxed place for a nightcap or a pre theatre glass of Champagne, although it does offer a fine range of cigars so if that puts you off bewareOften available for around £150 and in my opinion probably the best hotel in it's price range, if I have £100 more to spend I stay at Covent Garden Hotel if not this for me is a great alternative.	
Oct 24 2006 	Exceptional	My Husband and I spent one night at the Sofitel St James, this was booked through Expedia, note that the cost would have been doubled if it had been booked through the hotel directly! I note the other review re problems with VAT charges, our booking made it clear that Taxes may or may not be included and when we checked in we were advised that VAT charges would be added to our room rate. We were in London for our 2nd wedding anniversary and were going to see Phantom of the Opera, I'm not kidding you, the hotel is less than 3 minutes walk to the theatre!! We were so glad that we decided to push the boat out and book a treat of a hotel. The Reception area is very classy - as is the rest of the hotel, we were gobsmacked, never stayed anywhere like it before. The decor of the hotel is calming and elegant, and even the stationary in the rooms and tea cups etc match the decor of the corridors! The Bathroom was awesome, sexy modern and luxurious! The Bed was the comfiest I've ever slept in and they even sell the room furnishings etc in a magazine in your room. The photos of the hotel are not misleading, what you see is what you get, our room was exactly like the photos on the website and those posted here. We had room only, as expected for a five star hotel the breakfast was very very expensive but it was high quality and the breakfast service was outstanding so was a nice treat. I would certainly recommend this hotel to all my family and friends if budget permitted, top quality hotel, staff were exceptionally friendly, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would love to return. Mr and Mrs J	
Oct 15 2006 	problems	We were impressed by the other reviews on this site, so decided to book an overnight stay for a theatre trip. As others have commented, it is rather expensive, but we booked for a Friday night via Laterooms, for a total of £170 (~$300), which included VAT (a UK tax of 17.5%). We also asked for a room with a decent view when we booked, and told that the hotel would try to accommodate that.When we checked in however, the receptionist insisted that the rate did NOT include VAT. I checked with Laterooms, who confirmed that VAT was included. I rang reception again, and was told that I was incorrect, then asked if I could provide written proof! I insisted that the staff check their own records - reservations confirmed my story, but no apology was forthcoming. To compound the irritation, the room we had been allocated had a view of a wall so we had had to agree to extra payment for a better one. I spoke to the manager, who was pleasant and apologetic, and eventually agreed that the room upgrade would be complimentary. The hotel is in a great location, a short walk to Picadilly, Trafalgar Square and St James' Park. The room was perfectly nice, and the bed extremely comfortable.At checkout, however, the receptionist again repeatedly queried the charges, this time the complimentary upgrade, even though it was clearly documented on the bill that had come to our room that morning! I thought about speaking to the management again, but by then I couldn't wait to leave. As far as the reception staff are concerned it appears that &quot;the customer is always wrong&quot;.I stay in London regularly, both for business and pleasure, always in 4/5* hotels and have never had such an unpleasant experience. Needless to say, never again....	
Oct 9 2006	Wonderful!	Booked for me by my partner as a decadent birthday surprise..absolutely fabulous. Wonderful hotel in a great location. Fantastic room and all staff friendly and helpful.Breakfast in bed a must! Recommended!	
Oct 6 2006 	Loved the hotel and location...disappointed with the customer service.	We stayed at Sofitel St James for one night (Saturday). The hotel was great and we were given complimentary drinks voucher on arrival, upgrade from standard double to deluxe double as well as a late check-out time. We booked the room online for £145 (+VAT) including breakfast for two. As previous reviewer mentioned, the location is excellent being easy walking distance to Trafalgar Square (with the National Gallery), Leicester Square, Piccadilly Circus, Covent Garden etc.However, we were not impressed with the receptionist's service when we was checking in. As he could not understand our query, he became abrupt and unhelpful. Furthermore, even though the breakfast menu was good, the service was not. No one offered us toast or how would we like our eggs etc. We waited for 10 mins until we requested these items (pancake, eggs, sausage, etc.) and had to waited further 15 mins for the food to arrive.Its a real shame that this was not the same level of service we expected compared to other Sofitel hotels that we have stayed in. OK, aside from the service, its a great hotel in central London and would consider staying here again in the future.	
Oct 4 2006 	Extremely comfortable excellent location	The stay was a birthday treat for my wife - I would not normally stay in this class of hotel! The on-line discount price of £120 (room only) was really good value, though the booking agent should have made it clearer that VAT of 17.5% was NOT included.For those not familiar with London - the location is excellent, being within easy walking distance of Trafalgar Square (with the National Gallery), Leicester Square, Piccadilly Circus, Covent Garden etc.The room was large (for a London hotel), quiet and very clean and comfortable - brilliant bed and bathroom. Staff were helpful and friendly; those who do not have English as a first language need to speak more slowly, though.The Roux brasserie, which forms part of the hotel, provided a very tasty meal at competitive prices. However, the service could have been better - we were served by a clearly under-trained girl, who could not even remember the one item we asked for to start (having to return to check whether we wanted still or sparking water), and later brought the wrong dishes to our table. We also observed her wandering around, looking lost, unsure where to take an order.This is a very minor grumble - the hotel is excellent, and I'm sure the brasserie staff can be trained. Don't eat your breakfast in the room downstairs, though, unless you consider £21 each to be reasonable - it is possible to order a la carte from room service, or take a short walk up the hill to a very decent cafe.	
Sep 30 2006	Good hotel good location	We stayed here for 3 nights mid-week in August, 2006.The hotel's a good hotel for central London, the staff were friendly and courteous and the room was good although a bit small but then it's central London.My top tip would be to skip breakfast in the hotel and go out of the front door, turn left, walk 5 minutes to St James' Park and have breakfast in the &quot;Inn on the Park&quot; which does a breakfast better than any hotel these days and is about half the price plus you get to be in their nice building in the middle of the park.	
Sep 29 2006 	Excellent Choice!	What a wonderful hotel to stay in while visiting London. It is excellently located (approximately a 10 pound taxi ride from Paddington station, handy if using the Heathrow Express) in the heart of London. Close to all the major city center attractions.The hotel itself is very well appointed and the deluxe rooms are just that. I stayed in room 527, very nice but it has no view at all. So if you want a view ask for it. The beds are to die for, no problem sleeping in them!The maid, room and turn down service is all very efficient. The front desk staff were pleasant and did not dawdle about check in and out. Also, I found the concierge to be very informative.Room service prices are typical for London, if you have a business expense account, knock yourself out; if you don't there is a Tesco Metro just a couple of blocks away. You can pick up anything you might like to eat or drink there and save a small fortune. Also, there are plenty of restaurants around, so no problems in finding a reasonably priced meal.All in all probably the best hotel stay I have ever had in London. I would stay again.	
Sep 15 2006 	Excellent Hotel - be wary if using Valets to Park your Car !	Excellent service. Hotel is very clean and tidy and worthy of a 5 star status. Breakfast is amazing too. So all in all I would recommend it. Just be mindful when leaving your car to be parked by the Valets. I would recommend getting a copy of the form once your car has been checked and you have signed it. Basically we have noticed that one of our alloy wheels has been badly damaged and it certainly wasn't damaged before then (they're expensive alloy wheels and due to the type of wheels all four wheels have to be refurbished at the same time - costs in the region of £500.00!). The wheel has taken such a hit, that whoever was driving would certainly been aware. We are currently in discussions with the hotel, however, they haven't been very forthcoming when returning calls. It wouldn't stop me staying there, but, I would think twice about leaving my car with the Valets again !	
Sep 12 2006 	A class act !	I recently stayed here with my girlfriend for a night out at the theatre and couldn't have been more impressed. The location is fantastic , slightly away from the hustle and bustle but near enough for a short stroll to the action . The room( deluxe ) was excellent , large and well furnished and the bathroom very spacious. We enjoyed the small touches like the wider range of channels on the tv , the lovely comfy bed and the evening turn down service which meant when we returned at night the room was tidy and the slippers and nightime drinks were out ! To add a touch of realism to the review though my only small complaint was the view (or lack of ) from our room but next time i will request one with a view but that aside it really couldn't be bettered.	
Aug 28 2006	Great Hotel .. Great Location	We stayed one night on our way out of UK.. picked it based on Trip Advisor reviews. We found the hotel to be in excellent location and the hotel was terrific in all areas. The check in was very smooth and quick, room was clean and well stocked and the best, I felt, was the location. We were just off the theatre district .. just far enough way for it to be quiet, and close enough for the 5 minute walk to all the excitement.If I had to be &quot;picky&quot; and look for something negative .. just for credibility .. I would say that one should make sure that the breakfast is included in the booking .. at $40 it is pricey and I was not all that impressed .. the price for a premium congnac was the double of what I paid the previous night in Edinburgh.I think I will stay at this hotel in all my future trips to London.	
Aug 21 2006	Best Hotel In London (But Not Cheap)	A wonderful hotel. Great staff, excellent facilities, maginifIcent location. Only slightly marred by an airconditioner which would not keep the room cool.	
Aug 14 2006 	Excellent	Spent a single Saturday night at the Sofitel (cost £145 b+b) and was very impressed:Very quietVery cleanExcellent room seviceBeautiful interiorFriendly, professional staffThe dining room was temporarily closed and so may account for slight difficulties at breakfast.Mini-bar laughably pricey	
Aug 12 2006 	Great location nice room and helpful staff	We had a very nice experience at the Sofitel St. James. We booked the &quot;Dream Package&quot; which included a bottle of champage, 2 hours with a chauffeaur, a lunch or dinner from set menu (food was 5 stars) and english breakfast included which is easily a $80 value (per breakfast) and it can be room service too. The staff was very helpful. William, the concierge, gave us some great recommendations for dinner. The check in staff was very helpful and friendly. The location is awesome if you plan to go the theater. The location is also great for a walking tour of Hyde Park and Buckingham Palace.	
Aug 9 2006	Modern sleek quiet	I stayed at the Sofitel St. James for three nights in early August. The lobby is sleek, modern and calm -- a wonderful respite from the chaos of nearby Trafalgar Square and Picadilly Circus. I loved the room because it was perfectly quiet and the beds are very, very comfortable. The bathroom is huge and modern with a separate tub and shower. The a/c works great, which is increasingly important in London as the summer temperatures are getting warmer.The staff was very professional; the bellmen were particularly helpful and available to carry bags and hail taxis. The location is excellent -- just two blocks from Picadilly, maybe four or so blocks to Trafalgar and just a couple to St. James Park. Despite their training, two taxi drivers were not familiar with the hotel, so it helps if you know the cross streets (Pall Mall and Regents).As with all upscale hotels, the extras are expensive. For breakfast I opted to run to the Boots (groceries downstairs) at Picadilly or the Pret a Manger on Haymarket for yogurt and fresh fruit instead of the 21 pound breakfast at the hotel.	
Jul 31 2006 	The Bed of Dreams	I stayed here on the weekend of 29/30 July 2006 as a birthday treat from my partner. We managed to get a fairly good rate through a discount website, so we knocked about £100 off the cost of the room. However, this meant we had to pay for breakfast, which we did outside of the hotel.The welcome was fantastic - the staff were extremely polite and helpful - the hotel was air conditioned after a very warm 75 mile drive - and although 2 hours early, they let us book into our room with no problems. They sorted out our luggage and parked our car (which whilst cost us £40 for the car park for a 24 hour stay, we would have paid that anywhere and the stress of trying to find the parking was completely taken away from us).Our room was absolutely spotless - very very clean - the bathroom was immaculate and well stocked with toiletries, bathrobes, slippers etc. And as for the bed - pure heaven......best nights sleep I have had in months!This is a 5 star hotel in the centre of London, so it won't come cheap - but you get what you pay for. Try St James Bar in the hotel for a cocktail - it's very pleasant!All in all - 5 star all round! Perfecto!	
Jul 30 2006 	Just as good the second time around....	This is our second visit to the Sofitel St James this year. We loved it so much the last time, we decided to book it for another night's stay on our weekend trip to London.The staff were equally as professional and attentive, the quality still as noticeable. We had a smaller room this time, and if we were staying more than one night, we might have upgraded for the extra space, but it was more than ample for one night.I think the thing I love most about this hotel is that it is so close to the centre of town, being an easy walk from Picadilly Circus, Regent &amp; Oxford Streets, Covent Garden, Buckingham Palace....the list goes on, but it is in a relatively quiet spot on lower Regent Street, and it just makes it feel really intimate and peaceful.The bar is lovely, quiet, and relaxing, and the Rose tea room equally as peaceful. There aren't a lot of people coming and going like some of the larger hotels, and you constantly feel as though you are getting personal attention.If you were thinking of booking this hotel, I would highly recommend it. It beats anywhere else we have stayed in London hands down.	
Jul 30 2006	Oh so romantic	Wow! We stayed for one night at this luxurious hotel and were so impressed with the service, room and especially bathroom. There was a separate monsoon shower cubicle and a bath which were spotlessly clean and modern. My boyfriend proposed in our room and it was a perfect place to celebrate in! Very close to shops/restaurants and the staff could not have been more professional.	
Jul 18 2006	Brilliant Hotel	I have stayed at this hotel twice now.My partner took me there last year for my birthday and I loved it so much we went again this year.The hotel is in a brilliant location,close to tube stations and Oxford Street.Every where is within walking distance and the London eye is 10/15mins away.I stayed in a Superior room which was more expensive than the standard room but it is bigger and you get a massive shower.The only problem is the shower just doesnt get hot enough.We paid about £500 for 2 nights.One downside is that it costs £40 a day to park your car but thats London prices for you!!On the first night we had room service for dinner.It is expensive £20 for fish and chips but the food is brilliant and is brought to you within 30mins.Little extra's like a table brought in for you and flowers on the table are nice touches.The mini bar prices are very expensive so I would advise you to walk 2 mins up the street and there is a Tesco where you can get snacks.If dinner is too expensive there are millions of resturants within walking distance that are all at very good prices.The first morning as it was my birthday we had breakfast in our room.At £24 it is a silly amount of money but if you can afford it I would recommend it.You get way much more than what you can eat but it has to be the best breakfast Ive had.Worth £24,maybe not but excellent all the same.As it was my birthday my partner got the staff to make a cake and bring it into my room for me which was really nice of them.(At an extra charge,he wouldnt tell me how much!!)Spent an evening in the bar and again it is very pricey, £9.50 for a cocktail.Not really my kind of place as its more like a gentlemans bar and there were mostly business men there, but you can hear the piano being played from reception which is really nice and relaxing after a busy day's sight seeing.We had a leak in our room from the ceiling which we reported to reception and 10mins later the maintence man came and fixed it straight away.At 11.30pm I was feeling hungry and ordered food which was brought promptly to me 20mins and the quality of the food was still excellent.The hotel is on a busy street but you can hear no traffic from your room.The air conditioning in the room is the best I have ever experienced.Nice touches like weather charts,free water and free newspaper make the hotel special.On departure you can have a express check out if you are in a rush and we were given excellent directions on how to get back on the motorway.Overall this has to be the best hotel I have ever stayed in.Yes it is over pricey but if you can afford it why not.I will definetly be going back and when ever I leave,Im always sad to go.The only downside for me,on a personal note is me and my partner are young.He's 21 and Im 19.At the hotel its mostly older ppl and sometimes it did feel like we were being looked down on as if they were thinking how can you afford this!! But a beautiful hotel,excellent attentive staff,definetly 5 star.Oh and how can I forget the beds are so comfy.You just sink into the bed.I want one!	
Jun 22 2006	Up there with the best of them	Stayed at this hotel last weekend with my wife and another couple. I can quite honestly say that the stay was faultless. The room was pretty average in size for a London hotel but beautifully decorated with all the ameneties you would expect in a five star hotel, plus an amazing bathroom. The hotel has two bars, we used the 'St James' bar which was very relaxing with large leather sofas and a real fireplace. The location is great, right next to leicester square, so there are plenty of bars and restaurants right on you doorstep. Breakfast in Brasserie Roux (the hotels restaurant) was wonderful, the best eggs benedict ever!! All in all this was a lovely weekend away in London and we will definately return to the Sofitel St. James as it far exceeds the quality of other five star hotels we have stayed at in London.	
Jun 21 2006 	Lives up to expectations	This property certainly met my high expectations when I stayed there recently. Rooms and service levels were very high and the much talked about beds and duvets were a treat. Would recommend this for people wanting to stay in the St James area and who are comfortable paying the relatively high room rates. The rates though are reasonable given the market. The gym is small but the access the to gym next door compensates. I had to change rooms as my air conditioning was not working and that was accomplished without any issue at all.	
Jun 1 2006	Fabulous Hotel--great location	I spent hours searching the net for a hotel at a good rate and I am fussy. Well, the Sofitel St. James was FABULOUS! The concierge was incredibly knowlegeable and helpfull. Hotel was full when we made a very early morning arrival, but front desk got us a room by 9:30 and checked us in early. Fellow who checked us in recognized us in the evening and asked how our rooom was. Room is not large, but very well appointed, lovely bathroom, lots of extras, water bottles nightly, slippers etc. Comfy bed, luxurious! Had dinner at the restaurant and the food was excellent and very reasonable, though it was a weekend and the dinner was a special rate, set menu. Not sure if it is also available during the week. But it was fabulous and would recommend going there on the weekend for the &quot;regional menu&quot;...French (24 pounds for appetizer, main, dessert, two glasses of wine, coffee... really a bargain)Also, the hotel has excellent rates for weekends, 120 pounds. Weekday rates are high though. Location is perfect, a few minutes walking to Trafalgar Square, St James palace and Piccadilly. Highly recommend this hotel.	
May 29 2006	Excellent…try the afternoon tea!	I have just returned from a two-night stay at the Sofitel St James London, which I picked after reading the reviews below, and I would have to mirror most of the comments on this page. It is a lovely Hotel right in the heart of London with attentive, professional staff and small but comfortable high-class rooms. It CAN be very expensive if you order room service or sample the lovely afternoon tea (hey…I was on holiday) but I felt that with so much choice just outside the door (the area is overflowing with great restaurants and bars) I never had to spend any more money in the HotelI got a very reasonable rate for the room at 160 pounds sterling and although I have stayed in cheaper Hotels in London which have had a more modern set-up (no Plasma TV or even a Pay-for-View) The Hotel was ideal for a quick getaway near everything you would want to see in London in two days and I will defiantly consider it again.	
May 22 2006 	Very nice but very expensive	I been staying at the Sofitel St James on a regular basis for business reason.The hotel has a perfect location, 2 minutes away from tube station. And hundreds of bars, restaurants, theatre at their doorsteps.The hotel has very nice rooms, do not be afraid of staying in front rooms, because they are very very well soundproof and you will definately not hear the street noise at all.Rooms are in pristine conditions, and they have the most comfortable bed in whole London.Luxurious bathroom (shower and bath separate) and good amenity. Turn down service every night.Staff are rather freindly and professional. Usualy very efficient with every request.But despite being a new hotel you will not find Plasma/LCD TV screen, neither on demand video, neither DVD player, and I had experienced a lot of problem with their Internet. No wireless either. Definately latest technology is not their priority.And if you wish to bring your kids, dont forget your playstation because you will not find one. But I guess this is more a business hotel than leisure (althought is perfect for leisure stay).But the most disapointed in all it's the prices for room service and minibar. Basicaly my company do pay all the charges. But recently our HQ run an audit on my expenses and found that my bills were on increase. We found out a few surprises like a bowl of cereal which was £4 is now £6 and still the same product nothing changed but an increase of 50% , breakfast went from £21 to £24....! Minibar they charge £3.90 for a can of Coke, celebration chocolate30gr at £7 ! If you want a drink /snacks there is a Tesco down the road offering the same for 1/3 of the price.nowadays breakfast is very pricey. Well if you have money to waste, go for room service, their service is very efficient / fast but at a very high cost.Anyway I will recommend Sofitel St james. This is hotel is a true jowel in heart of London go for it. But be careful of the extras (minibar)	
May 22 2006	Gorgeous Peaceful Hotel with a Great Restaurant!	My Husband took me here as part of a theatre break as a birthday present in June 2005. Initially it looked like we were on course for disaster as the hotel claimed that they currently had no clean rooms available for the price we had paid and offered an upgrade but on our insistence that they made good our booking a room suddenly became free. I was so impressed with the hotel for the price that my husband paid on priceline. The bedrooms were a reasonable size (for London) and the bed was soooooooo comfortable.We had a pre theatre dinner deal in the restaurant before going to see our show. The food and the price were amasing and i have been ribbing my husband ever since to take me back.The only small detractor was the cost of drinks in the hotel bar but as everything else was so perfect we couldn't complain!	
May 15 2006	A luxurious quiet oasis in the heart of London	Just returned from a 4-day vacation. The hotel lived up to the great reviews here. Large, very comfortable and very quiet room, polite and knowledgeable staff (friendly but not intrusive), spectacular location. (and the bathrooms were great - best water pressure in a hotel in many years.) If you are looking for a quiet, luxurious but efficient retreat, this is the place. (But, if you are looking for a bustling &quot;hotspot&quot; this is not it.) Also, like most things in London, quality does not come cheap. PS- only drawback is the very pricey breakfast - skip it, there are several excellent cafes on the same block with wonderful cappucinos at a fraction of the cost.	
Apr 21 2006 	my favourite in london	I travel to London almost every week on business. I have tried many hotels in the area (eg. &quot;41&quot;, cavendish) and think that the Sofitel is by far the best. Likes- Rooms are navigable, clean modern design and not overloaded (so it's easy to find all your stuff spread in the room on departure)- the most comfy beds of all hotels I've ever stayed in (only the Regent in Berlin is on par) - Terriffic showers - Great location - Very friendly staff (caveat: bar see below), but not to the extend that they are to intrusive. I like that little bit of anonymity: being treated friendly is fine. But feeling obliged to do small talk with the lady at reception is going too far (see &quot;41&quot;). - Nice bar - Good food- Fast checkout- Professional conciergeDislikes- Expensive: you are very lucky these days if you get in below GBP210- If you get a voucher for a welcome drink, the bar men tend to be overly critical as to what you can get for that and what not. It's stupid. Especially given the room prices. If they disappoi nt customers there, they shouldn't give them vouchers in the first place. - Limited selection of TV channels- For those who care: no pay TV- Only low quality beer in the mini bar (I am picky, admitted). Same for whiskey.	
Apr 7 2006	Easily surpassed very high expectations	Just returned to the States from a 10-night stay and from start to finish, everything was spectacular and easily superior to a recent weekend at the NYC Four Seasons. Have stayed at many London hotels, the Sofitel St. James' location was superb and close to everything that is London. Just a two-minute walk to Trafalgar Square, Nelson's Column, The National Gallery, and Piccadily Circus is at the top end of the Waterloo Place that joins onto Regent Street. The Mall that leads to Buckingham Palace is just one block away, and just a little further to Whitehall and Westminster Abbey and the Houses of Parliament with Big Ben and Westminster bridge that crosses over to the south embankment and the London Eye (the big wheel!!) Highly recommend visitors try the Eye and one of the many cruise boats that board along Victoria Embankment near Big Ben.Back to the hotel, the quality of service and attention to detail from reception through housekeeping was magnificent and well deserving of their five-star status. Especially impressive were the very friendly and helpful consierge. The star for me was Danny as he is truly a stand-up chap and went above and beyond the call of duty even remembering my name face-to-face each time I stopped by.The deluxe room we stayed in was tastefully decorated and actually looked better than the brochure/on-line pictures. The king-size bed was truly the most comfortable I've ever experienced with four big pillows and a superb covered duvet - no annoying top sheets. The bathroom, too, was spectacular and, for me, the glass-enclosed rain shower just awesome. My wife though preferred the huge bathtub and very soft towels and robe. In the room, attention to detail and little touches that were consistent day-to-day were impressive. I especially liked the benefit of a cordless phone with a very-easy-to-use voice mail system. Plus, a favourite of mine was the in-room complimentary coffee/tea/hot chocolate and daily newspaper of choice. Even the hair dryer was top quality.Didn't use the somewhat pricey in-room fridge for supplies especially as a Tesco-Metro supermarket just two minutes walk up the road towards Piccadily Circus that is open late 'till 11 p.m. nightly plus has a vast wine/champagne selection too.Other highlights that often aren't elsewhere were not having to wait for anything including the fact the hotel has three individually decorated (and fast) elevators. The 24/7 gym was more than adequate - depending on the weather, there are excellent walking/running circuits right outside the hotel entrance. Would be nice, however, if the steam rooms remained open later than 9 p.m. Only suggestion is perhaps offer an alternative to the large (as in approx. 3'x5') canvas artwork that adorns the wall opposite the bed as the modern block-paint style not everyone's cup of tea and definitely not when waking up after a very very late night!Mentioning night life, the hotel is within easy walking distance of many theaters and Leicester Square (home to Rendevous the best ice cream/yogurt/cofeees that offers indoors and patio seating). The room window is massive and opens fully and features excellent window treatments plus double-glazing that makes the room soundproof at night. Would highly recommend Sofitel St. James for business and pleasure and couples looking for luxury and outstanding service that doesn't cut corners.Thank you for a wonderful stay.	
Apr 6 2006	The perfect place near Piccadilly Square	This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at. The staff was warm and helpful. The room was impeccably clean - and a good size. The bathroom was fabulous - the shower was perfect. The linens, robes, and slippers were lush. The bed was so very comfy. Furnishings are updated, modern and clean. Absolutely no noise from other guest rooms - we stayed on the top floor. Windows are soundproofed.Great location near Picadilly Square and many restaurants and shops. But off the beaten path so very quiet street.We did not eat at the restaurant, but the menu looked enticing. And there's a very quaint tea room near the lobby. We didn't go there either but the guests that were having tea looked like they were having a nice relaxing time. There's also a bar on site that looked nice.I would definitely stay here again. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 3 2006 	Lovely location but v expensive	Great location, nice room with sofest bed I've ever slept on, but not exactly worth the money. If you can get it for a good price, I would recommend it, for list price maybe not.The harpist is the rose lounge is great whilst having a coffee and danish.	
Mar 27 2006	Gorgeous hotel!!!	I have just returned from this hotel. I booked it for me and my mum for mothers day.I have to say that the staff were extremely professional and the rooms were gorgeous. Sometimes modern hotels can leave the rooms feeling a bit cold, but the rooms were funky and homely at the same time.It is true what other reviews say about the beds, its like sleeping on a cloud!Only warning i advise of is the price of the mini bar. Make sure you check before you pig out, as i was presented with a £20.00 bill for 2 cans of coke, a packet of pringles and a little pot of chocolate.On the whole the hotel was amazing and i would definately stay here again!	
Mar 12 2006	Comfiest Bed Ever!!	We stayed in an Executive room. Lovely room/fabulous bathroom, both immaculate. Had a kingsize bed which must be THE most comfortable hotel bed we've ever slept in (imagine being completely engulfed in fluffy down, and you get the picture). Hotel is in a great location for entertainment - literally 2 mins walk from Piccadilly, 5 from Leicester Sq, 10 Covent Gdn. Didn't eat in the restaurant, so can't comment, but bar &amp; snacks ok. Good breakfast in room, nice staff.	
Mar 11 2006	Superb Sofitel	We stayed at the Sofitel St James in London's Theatreland for a long weekend (birthday treat!), and nothing is too much trouble for the excellent staff of this 5* hotel. The room was lovely; bed so comfortable I wanted to take it home with me! We only had the breakfast, but everything anyone could possibly want was provided. Even specialist diets were catered for with Soya milk and health foods available, in addition to everything else for English, American or continental tastes. The breakfast service was fantastic over the weekend, although we noticed a difference on the Monday morning, with less staff, a different 'workaday' atmosphere and no constant refills of coffee or juice offered. Apart from this minor point, loved the hotel! Would definitely go back!! (Tip: We found it a lot cheaper to book through an agent rather than the hotel direct as prices are high)	
Mar 7 2006 	Superb room in central London	Loved it. Very comfortable, modern and clean with a friendly service. Room size much better than other rooms I had stayed in before in London. I was a lady travelling alone and I felt like I was being well looked after!	
Mar 6 2006	Highly recommended	If you are looking for a superb hotel in an amazing location in central London, then book the St James. My wife and I stayed there for one night - it was so good we considered barricading ourselves in the room so they couldn't get us out!Here's why the St James was great for us (in no particular order):* The bed. The most comfortable we have slept in anywhere. Not the largest (king size) but definitely the best.* The shower. Large overhead shower and great water pressure. Perrin &amp; Rowe are the manufacturers - it was so good I'm going to find out where we can get one!* The room. Tasteful and expensive decor, with dark lacquered furniture. * The toiletries. My wife was very excited about these ;-)* The staff and service. It was my wife's birthday, and when we returned to the room before going out for food we found a delicious piece of chocolate cake with a 'happy birthday' made of icing and white chocolate waiting for us. A thoughtful touch that you rarely find in large hotels.* The breakfast. In the Brasserie Roux. We were late down, but they had everything available and fresh - delicious.	
Feb 28 2006 	Small room many technical problems very expensive	Arrived 4pm -&gt; no room available. Got a free coffee in the bar. Got the roomkeys at 4.45 which didn't work. Went to the reception, got new key, didn't work either. 3rd try, didn't work. Reception opened the room for me. Went to the bathroom, sink was plugged. Took 2 hours to fix it. Blinds didn't work as well. The alarm started at 4 o'clock next morning. I don't have to say that I didn't set it..Positive: Design of the room and locationPrice/quality ratio is terrible	
Feb 21 2006 	This is how it should be done	I have been staying at this hotel for at least a few days a month for the last couple of years. I have stayed for both business and pleasure. I love it and can't fault it, but want to give some points that might help others make their choice.The rooms and the staff are excellent. They are highly professional, friendly and unobtrusive. True, they are from all over the world, mainly France or North Africa, but so what? It's a French hotel and they are trying to keep that identity instead of becoming an identakit international hotel. Kudos.SOME POINTS THAT MAY BE OF INTEREST:- Nice for a female business traveller: In many hotels I feel like the exception and it is clear they mainly cater to business men. I don't feel that here, the atmosphere is lovely and little things like a big, powerful hairdryer make me feel less like I'm in a man's world!- The beds are out of this world; complete luxury. Light, warm, fluffy... a dream. Lots of pillows.- Most rooms are very quiet and peaceful; fans and AC can be turned off easily.- Decor throughout is very tasteful. - Housekeeping is excellent. There are always extra towels in the room and two fabulous robes. The evening turn-down service is lovely, with water, weather report card and slippers left. Free bottled water is a luxury these days!- Room-service is quick &amp; friendly; - The bathrooms are fabulous;The showers are great; not all standard rooms have walk-in showers, but even those in the bath-tub are powerful. - The door-men are all just lovely and the reception staff are very professional.- In two years I have had no cause for complaint so, happily, I can't say how they handle those! This fact alone is a rarity as it is natural that things can go wrong from time to time.- This is even nicer than the Sofitel New York; the decor, rooms and staff.SLIGHTLY LESS THAN WONDERFUL:- There is no trouser-press and the iron does not get very hot.- Rooms at the very end of the corridor on the Piccadilly side of the hotel can be a little noisy as there seems to be an air-vent running up the wall at that point.- Piano is played on the 1st floor in the evenings so if your room is near there, the sound does penetrate.- Lighting is very subdued; I like this a lot but it might not be to everyone's liking.- The bar is ok, a bit small, nothing to get excited about but perfectly fine.	
Feb 20 2006	Simply fantastic	Excellent hotel and very kind staff. Highly recommended.	
Feb 20 2006	Chic style and location location	Modern chic styling and an unbeatable location make this boutique hotel something special. Although we had only booked a Classic (Standard) Room it truly exceeded our expectations. The room (632) was on the top floor and situated in a corner of the building offering a dual aspect, however the view was over the roof tops at the back of the building - very quiet.The room featured dark wood and stainless steel fittings giving a very modern feel, which contrasted perfectly with the old Bank building the hotel is housed in. The Classic Room was not spacious but was big enough for our 4 days in London. There was a large Queen size bed, vanity table, writing desk and small easy chair. Bathroom was small but very elegant featuring black marble and sparkling glass and silver fittings. Bath and shower are combined. Only fault was that the shower water did not drain fast enough from the bath meaning that you stood in water as you showered.The evening turndown service was really well done with an individual bottle of Evian water and slippers with a cotton foot-mat beside each side of the bed, and a hand-written card advising the next days weather forecast and temperature. There was even relaxing music playing from the radio to greet us when we came back to the room for the evening.Location is great for shopping and sight-seeing alike. Piccadilly Circus was 2mins walk from the hotel and this is also the closest Tube station. Fabulous restaurants in Soho (London's chinatown), not to mention all the great theatres nearby. Trafalgar Square is around the corner and the shops of Regent/Oxford Sts are a short walk. A 15-20min walk will take you to the elegant stores of Bond St.The public areas are elegant and well kept, the Rose Room particularly beautiful, just off the lobby. Only criticism, the lobby has a Cigar Bar, and the smell can be quite over-powering of an evening.This is a great small hotel with an excellent location, I would stay there again.PS. If you love shopping and a great bargain, don't miss a visit to the Burberry Outlet in Chatham St, Hackney (tube to Bethnel Green, then bus to Hackney Central, then a 5-10 min walk). Great Burberry bargains!	
Feb 15 2006 	Great central location with a wonderful room	A London stay on a European business trip - with my wife accompanying me. Immediately upon arriving the front desk staff offered a free upgrade to our room. The room was exceptional - large for European standards; with lots of closet space and an incredible bathroom.Concierge staff were both friendly and professional, and went beyond expectation in reserving tables at London restaurants.The only negative, and a small one, was the somewhat aloof, or indifferent, service in the lobby lounge.	
Feb 13 2006 	5-star hotel in 5-star location	Reception: very pleasant, cheerful and friendly. Not overly well-informed: had not heard of a particularly well-known London department store. Arranged for concierge to ring up to my room with info but no call came.Price: reasonably good price obtainable by booking on line. 150 pounds sterling approx. for a room in a hotel of this ranking in central London is not bad. Room: was automatically upgraded which was nice. The superior room was surprisingly not that spacious although perfectly comfortable and clean. The bed was particularly relaxing. They also respected the requests made when booking, which was also nice. Had asked for a quiet room which meant the view was a brick wall, but not a problem, and room was very quiet. The bathroom was lovely, with a phone on the wall by the loo. Showerhead impressive, but bath taps designed in such a way that water was never that hot. Good range of courtesy items. I like a turn-down service as much as the next man but please, dear hoteliers, instead of putting a tea-towel thingy on the floor by the bed and turning on lights and music (which scared the life out of me), please also arrange for dirty cups and glasses to be removed and wastepaper bins to be emptied before evening. The minibar was well-stocked and also terrifying: touch anything and the computer system makes sure you have to pay for it. There is a button by the door which alerts cleaning staff as to when the room is free for cleaning: mine did not work and the girl knocked on my door at 8.15 a.m. Breakfast: can't comment here as did not have breakfast in hotel. At 23 pounds a head, it is not exactly cheap and there is a cafe over the road. Decor: decor is very subjective - I found the bar and foyer area to be predictable and not particularly distasteful, but the shocking pink sofas in the Rose Lounge were a bit hard to stomach. Location: couldn't be bettered - within walking of distance of Picadilly and virtually equidistant from the National Gallery and the Royal Academy. Would be happy to go back.	
Jan 25 2006	Exquisite Elegance	This hotel is prefection in every way. I stay here EVERY time I go to London (which is several times per year) and am never disappointed from the moment I step inside. The latest two stays this month were first with my grown daughter and then with my sweetheart. Everyone speaks impeccable English (as in my experience many employees are British!) and goes out of their way to meet your needs. Example: I wanted sold out theatre tickets for a couple of nights and yes, there was a premium charged for obtaining them, but the Concierge always finds me exactly what I need--and phenomenal seats, on top of it all. All of my theatre requests were dealt with prior to my arrival solely through email. Danny, my favorite concierge, always steers me to the most amazing restaurants. If you have not eaten true Indian cuisine, ask him for tips. You will be astounded. Truly unforgettable. Yes, the place is expensive. Yes, the drinks are outrageously priced. But everything is so, so delicious and gorgeous. The floral arrangements alone are to die for. I love the rooms with all of the amenities, from slippers to quality bath products. The hotel invariably upgrades my room and it is roomy and elegant. I cannot say enough about this show-stopper of a place that is just a stone's throw from all the action of Trafalger Square, Picadilly Circus, upscale Regent Street shopping, and the entire theatre district.	
Dec 14 2005	Beware Booking Online!	I booked a Sofitel Excellence Package for our 5th wedding anniversary online. This package was supposed to include early check-in at 11am, late check-out at 4pm, champagne in the room and complimentary English breakfast in the room.We arrived at approximately 1pm and were told that our room wasn't ready. When I pointed out that it should have been ready since 11am the receptionist had to seek help from a colleague. Some twenty minutes later (after I had showed him how to take a swipe of my credit card!) we were given keys to a different room. The room itself was fantastic (deluxe I think), massive bed and luxurious bedding with a lovely bathroom. No champagne but I was told it would be put there in the afternoonWe then hurried down to the Brasserie where I had lunch reservations for 1.30pm (or so I thought). It turns out they had us down for 1pm and had given our table away, now I don't know who's fault this was but had I not taken twenty minutes checking in we may have made it in time. They asked us to wait in the bar (where I received the worst service I have ever come across) but after forty-five minutes we decided to go somewhere else.We got back about 5pm and still no champagne so I called reception and it arrived 1 hour later. Went to the Opera and came back to have room service. The food was delicious, some may think it's a bit pricey (£15 for a club sandwich) but it's the best I have had. Breakfast in the room was a lovely treat and the food was pretty good but we didn't appreciate being interrupted by the maid who'd come to service the room - they just seem to let themselves in.Went out ice skating at Tower of London and returned about 2pm and we couldn't get into our room. Another trip to reception got us back in. Finally checked out about 3pm and they tried to charge us for breakfast but they took it off. I don't know if it would have been any different booking direct but they managed to foul up every single aspect of the Sofitel Excellence Package which turned what should have been a lovely experience into a bit of a sour one (especially at the price of £250 +VAT).The hotel itself is first class but the organisation (particularly reception) needs some work and so do some of the staff. We may stay again but certainly won't pay £293.75 for it.	
Nov 29 2005	Fantastic!!	I stayed here recently and was incredibly impressed. As soon as you enter the hotel you get the feeling it is going to be special. What really stands out is the Sofitel style - the building is an old bank in a fabulous location near Trafalgar Square and Picadilly circus - but its so modern and trendy inside. Our room was a &quot;standard&quot;, &quot;classic&quot; room (although there was nothing standard about it!) and was so decked out in black furniture, chrome fittings and white walls. It's so refreshing for a hotel in central London to be so modern in style and it really works. Bathrobes, CD player etc.. the room had it all, even a door bell which when switch to &quot;do not disturb&quot; glowed red and didn't allow anyone to ring it! The bed was wonderful with incredibly soft and luxurious pillows. It may seem strange to comment on these things but these are the things that really set one hotel apart from another. The room was in short immaculate!! Dining at the Roux Brasserie was great especially on a Sunday when for £24 you get 3 courses and 2 glasses of great french wine, wow! The location is excellent, you can walk to Buckingham palace, Trafalgar square, Piccadilly, Soho, theatres etc.. in a few minutes (even in chilly November) and I got all this for £120/night from sofitel.com, a last minute hot deal, watch the site for others). What a bargin! I've not stayed in other London 5* hotels so don't know how the others compare - although I do know you can pay a lot for a tatty worn-out place with tiny rooms. I had high expectations after reading the previous reviews on tripadvisor and I was not dissappointed one bit. The room was a good size, staff were friendly and I can't think of any complaints. Highly recommended	
Nov 28 2005	Wonderful hotel. All facilities Good price. Great location. Friendly too!	From the walk through the lobby, it was clear that this hotel was going to impress. They upgraded us to a deluxe room at check-in and the quality never failed to show during our whole stay.Everything you would expect from a top hotel - dual bathrobes, slippers, in-room iron + kettle etc. Lovely soaps and toiletries. Modern funky design details and the whole place feels brand new (LCD TV etc).A late check-out was no problem, which gave us more time to enjoy the experience. And the rate was very reasonable too, although the breakfast is pricey, so make sure it is included in your deal....	
Nov 22 2005 	Little Gem but Little minded managers	Well, what can I say, this could be a little gem, but the staff or should I management really do set new standards, NEGATIVE ONES. The product us just stunning, beds are out of this world and the cleanliness (round of applause for the housekeeper) is just great. You do expect to have mutli-national staff these days but I'm not kidding when I say the entire place is french, they are all french... its quite scary, they speak it everywhere, even the hotel literature is in it first then followed by english. Had a few problems with service during my recent weekend visit, requested to see the duty manager, who i later found out to be the Sales &amp; Marketing Director. She was just awful. No interest in my needs or what I had to say, just made excuses and constantly shrugged her shoulders. Constantly tutuing and typical french pphhheeeuu. What I am trying to say is if you have a problem, you probably wont get it sorted by the management at present, They are VERY arrogant, they know they have a great product but charge a fortune for it without the service ethics. The dress of the manager too was just shabby, is this the service you expect at a potentially number one 4star hotel of London? Anyway, so its obvious the accor management need to take the current management team and put them through a major washing machine and wake-up call, but the product is great, food average, service ok but needs serious management. Shame really	
Nov 22 2005	Great Service Great Location Great Hotel	We stayed at the Sofitel St. James from Nov. 16 - 20 and had a great stay. The price for the room varied considerably over the weekend (45 pounds/night less on the weekend) so overall the cost of our five days was on the low end for a 5-star hotel, which was a pleasant surprise. But this is a very nice hotel. It was opened in 2002 so it's relatively new. Almost the entire staff is French but they speak very good english. The staff is very professional and polite. The concierge was extremely helpful to us and will do virtually anything to assist with your needs. (We had a fragile oversized item that we couldn't carry back or check through and the Concierge took care of packing and shipping it back for us after we left.) The room was a nice size. We had a Deluxe King and had plenty of room. Very tastefully decorated, very quiet, very nice bath with large soaking tub and separate walk in shower (with killer water pressure). The only downer was the fact that the high speed internet wasn't free or even WiFi. You needed a cable and 15 British Pounds for 24 hrs. of service. The hotel has three elevators so there was virtually no wait getting between floors. The Tea Room was very nice and would rival any of the top end providers of afternoon tea at a very reasonable price (and the live harp music from a Royal Academy harpist made tea time even more enjoyable.) If you're into theatre, you couldn't ask for a better location. A walk of 5 minutes puts you right at the center of Picadilly Circus. There are 6 theatres within a 15 minute walk of the hotel (and if you go on a weekend evening, walking will get you home much faster than a cab, if you can hail one, or a bus. We've never seen such traffic or crowds of people and this was in November!) Fortnum and Mason is roughly a 15 minute walk away and fashionable Jermyn St. is 10 minutes. Trafalgar Square is almost on the doorstep. The only thing that isn't really convenient are top end restaurants but in our opinion, the hotel had that covered internally. We found the hotel restaurant, Albert Roux's Brasserie Roux, to be very good the two nights we ate dinner there. While some food critics might berate this or that, we had excellent food on both occaisions. And from what we found in other places in London, the price couldn't be beat for what was provided. They offer a two or three course meal. You have several selctions to choose from for each course. We opted for the three course meal both times. The meal includes two glasses of wine for 24 pound, 50 pence. That may sound like a lot to some, but in London where fish and chips at a sit down restaurant can run you 10 - 12 pounds by itself, it was a bargain. (There is a Tesco Express Grocery store about 5 minutes walk up the street if you need food items or other personal essentials and there is a small cafe almost across from the hotel if you want an inexpensive breakfast.) We'd go back to this hotel in a heartbeat.	
Nov 21 2005	Gorgeous hotel in the lap of luxury in amazing location!!	Valet parking here is a special treat, but takes all the hassle away and is not too expensive. Bar and public areas are sophisticated, smart, with a great ambiance and quiet buzzy amtosphere. Beds are the most comfortable I have ever stayed in. Rooms are beautifully decorated and cosy. Free prunes (?) in your room, fresh flowers and a handwritten note on the weather for the next day. Upgraded to a superior room as my partners birthday. Staff were beyond excellent. Bathroom has a tropical rain shower and lovely dark wood furniture. Location is second to none - quiet yet 2 mins from Piccadilly and the Mall. Great bar opposite called W'Sens - amazing cocktails and really cool furnishings. Paid £140 + VAT - not cheap but you pay for what you get. This was excl. breakfast.	
Nov 15 2005	The best breakfast.....and the worst breakfast	Just as good as all the reviews said. Excellent staff and lovely rooms. It was worth every penny to sleep in the bed which was the most comfortable ever. Even better than the Starwood Heavenly Bed. If only i good have packed it in my suitcase!!!Breakfast on the first day was awesome. Fresh and even organic with first class service. Can't think of many better in a hotel. Second day was opposite. Think everyone must have come for breakfast at the same time and they just couldn't cope. Ended up with money off the bill but it certainly wouldn't stop me coming back again and again.	
Nov 14 2005	Loved It!	Stayed here for a special occasasion on Friday 11th and absolutely loved it. Staff were helpful and friendly, nothing was a problem.The rooms were stunning &amp; comfortable and the location second to none.Will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 12 2005	upgraded!	arrived about4 pm and room not ready. didnt complain but because i was a single parent with child ? they took pity and upgraded me to a suite!! It was fantastic... the ralph richardson suite ... ITS SO CHOICE	
Nov 7 2005	Fantastic Location Good size rooms	In London you do not get much for what you pay for. A recent stay I was pleasantly surprised with the Sofitel. Fantastic location reasonable rooms size (for London) and the rooms did not have grand ma's bed spread! I would stay again!	
Oct 25 2005	Best in London	Simply the best in London. Rooms aren't very big, but very quiet and very comfortable. Very nice design too. Even though it may lack the grandure of some of the London &quot;super deluxe&quot; hotels like the Ritz or the Dorchester, it really is a lot better at halve the price. And very important, all rooms are good. No crappy single rooms in basements or near noisy airconditionning units. Very nice service and the best location imaginable. Quiet corner just behind Trafalgar Square. Not very cheap for a sofitel but worth every penny (pence).	
Sep 27 2005	As good as everyone says	I have to agree with all the positive reviews of this hotel. We arrived early and were offered tea in the beautiful Rose room while our room was being prepared. The room was very nice, classic Sofitel in design. We booked a junior suite which is a large room, not two. The bathroom was spacious and very nice although the rain shower was a little much. There was no traditional closet, instead two armoires that looked nice and worked well. Our room overlooked Waterloo Place and was very bright. Many of the rooms in this hotel overlook small dark courtyards. The doors to the rooms were very quiet - Philly Sofitel take note - as were the rooms, no noise from the street. The buffet breakfast was delicious. The gym was nice but very small. The staff was very friendly and the location great.	
Sep 27 2005	Sofitel St. James a Gem!	I stayed for 2 nights at the Sofitel St. James Hotel in central London and absolutely loved it! This is without a doubt the finest hotel I have ever stayed in. Everything was state-of-the art and modern. My room was large and very comfortable. The TV was very new, widescreen and digital so the picture was fantastic. The hotel was immaculate, the staff highly professional, and the ameneties were numerous. The hotel provided slippers and bathrobes, and Evian water every night at turndown. The big king bed was so comfortable and warm you don't want to get up, even though you have a hundred things to see in London, half of them within walking distance from the hotel. The theaters and cinemas of Leicester square/picadilly are only 4 blocks away, and the National Gallery is within view down the street from the front of the Hotel. This was a fantastic hotel, and I wished I could stay for many more days living like a king!	
Sep 12 2005	Sofitel near Piccadilly Circus	Though I reserved my room through a discount travel site, the front desk personnel were extremely welcoming and professional and treated me as though I had paid full price.Excellent location, within easy walking distance of Piccadilly Circus.Concierge was very professional and competent.Bed had super plush feather bed.Bathroom had heated mirror to prevent fogging after shower use. Tub/shower had a shower wand as well as an overhead &quot;rainfall&quot; shower head.Room was not large but that is typical for London.	
Sep 7 2005	Great Hotel 	Just returned from a long weekend stay in London. It was our first time in London, and we found the hotel to be very centrally located to almost everything we wanted to see. Hotel staff and service were excellent. Concierge made excellent dinner suggestions. Try Foliage and The Square for top dining. Our suite was roomy and very well appointed. We will definitely return!	
Aug 31 2005	Excellent Hotel	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for one night on Saturday 27th August while on a theatre break.The hotel is in a fantsatic location for shopping and theatre - we walked everywhere and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. It's also within a 2 minute walk of Piccadilly tube station.Staff were very polite, friendly and looked happy to serve you.Room was lovely - a little small, but that's what we paid for. We got an excellent rate of £120 per room per night which for a Saturday night in this class of hotel in London was very good.All round standards were very high and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to stay in a nice hotel in London. We will be staying there again.	
Aug 22 2005 	Do Recommend	I recently stayed at Sofitel St. James for a month, and it was a very pleasant experience: excellent beds, nice bathroom and shower (do try NOT to touch the HEATED towel warmer unless equipped with very thick skin), lovely service, prompt room service, and as everyone has mentioned: excellent location.On the other hand, the view is a bit lacking in some rooms, gym very small, water drains slowly in the bathroom sink, hairdryer not in bathroom (but that seems to be the case in some of the other UK hotels I’ve stayed).Overall, a lovely place, will recommend.	
Aug 1 2005	Great Location Good Value for London	This hotel is beautiful from the lobby to the very well appointed rooms and glorious bathrooms. It is usually pretty well priced for a hotel of this calibur. The best part of the hotel is it's location. It is just a couple of blocks to Picadilly Circus or Trafalgar Square. Great base for a trip to London.	
Jul 25 2005 	Great Staff Wonderful Rooms Great Location	This hotel is a must stay in London. The staff could not be more helpful and friendly. The rooms are large for anywhere. The beds are soooo comfortable. When I go to London this is where I will stay.	
Jul 12 2005	Very good Sofitel	I was pleasantly surprised by the high standards of this hotel, much better than I have seen previously at a Sofitel.Location is very good, on a quiet spot close to all the major sights. Service is kind (but could be more attentive in the dining room). Breakfast is a very good buffet, although, as usual in England, I missed good-quality bread.Here are some features I liked less about this hotel: overly renovated interior, strange design in the room (entrance hall too large for the size of the room, shower but no bath in the bathroom of a deluxe room, no hook in the bathroom to hang the robes, bed too close to the window, part of the view of Waterloo Place obstructed by the design of the window), small fitness room, corporate atmosphere.For the centre of London, and given the price and the overall performance, this hotel deserves a high rating. There are better, classier and more elegant hotels in central London (Dorchester, Claridge's, etc.), but they are also in a different price category.	
Jul 6 2005	Great London hotel!	Loved this Hotel! So convenient to many great sightseeing places, 100 yards from tube station. Big comfortable room, big sooooooo comfy bed! great reception and concierge. Across the street is the London visitor office, and a great little cafe where you can get a cooked breakfst for 5 pounds - thus avoiding the 20-pound hotel breakfast. This is where I will stay next London visit!	
Jul 2 2005	Excellent in spite of the blackout	My mother and I stayed for four nights in June 2005. We loved this hotel for its location, service, and comfort, which were all outstanding. The bathrooms are lovely, the beds luxurious, and the service highly attentive. The only thing I would change would be to give more closet/drawer space for wardrobe. The bathrooms are quite nice. The hotel's public rooms are handsome and comfortable. The restaurant service could be a bit more organized, but then we had dinner in the Cafe Roux restaurant the evening after a blackout. What does a hotel do when its generator breaks down and there is no electricity, running water or phone service? That's what happened to us one night during our stay. Well, it began at 1:00 in the afternoon, and ended the next morning. The staff at this hotel did the best job they could under the circumstances. They had us move to the Soho House (and paid the cab fare) for one night. It was actually quite an adventure, as Soho House gave us a suite. Sofitel St. James paid for the difference in cost. We returned to Sofitel the next day, as they tried very hard to make this necessary trip as pleasant as possible. (We got free drinks, some free breakfast items, and numerous apologies for a problem they could not have helped really.) We dined in the restaurant the evening after the blackout, and I attribute the slight slackening in service to the fact that some of the staff had only had about three hours of sleep. I would definitely return to Sofitel. The location (near so many attractions yet so quiet) made it easy for my first visit to London. I slept better at this hotel than I have in years. I thought it was a very god value, given the dollar's weakness. Note, join the Sofitel's frequent stay program before you book your reservation. It gets you some extra perks.Cheers!	
May 24 2005	Elegant Centrally Located Hotel	We thoroughly enjoyed our recent stay at the Sofitel St. James. It was a bit pricey (£300+) but that was the best price at the time. The price is generally much lower, but there were three of us sharing a deluxe room. There were many PROS and just a few CONS described below:PROS:1. Unbeatable location: it is within minutes of tube stations, and the hotel is near many attractions (i.e. National Gallery, Trafalgar Sq., Piccadilly Circle). For those who want to watch &quot;Phantom of the Opera&quot;, the theatre is literally behind the hotel. In fact, the hotel is located in the theatre district.2. Super comfortable beds with pillow top-like mattress.3. Extremely clean room with spacious bathroom, reflecting a relatively new, modern and well-kept hotel.4. Attentive staff (requests were fulfilled within minutes).5. Spacious deluxe room, even with an extra second bed in the room.6. Quiet location.7. Nice amenities, such as slippers and free small bottles of Evian water.CONS:1. Tub drains too slowly.2. Hairdryer is in a drawer underneath TV table instead of in the bathroom so there was no mirror (this appears to be the case in many London hotels).3. View of an office bldg and hotel generator of some sort, even though the hotel clerk indicated there would be a garden view. It was not really an issue since we were out sightseeing for most of the time.Overall, we thought it was fantastic hotel that is very clean and modern. I didn't give it a 5-star, as this rating, in my opinion, is reserved for superior resort hotels and true 5-star hotels with truly excellent service and amenities to match (i.e. Four Seasons).	
May 16 2005	excellent	We were in the Sofitel St. James hotel from the 12 th till the 15 th of may2005.We had a excellent stay and the hotel was one of the nicest I've ever stayed.Excellent location near Piccadilly. Very friendly staff. Because of my birthday I was upgraded to a deluxe room. We had very good breakfast and dinner and we were sleeping in excellent beds.The room was very quiet.Looking forwards to a next stay.	
May 9 2005	Brilliant	Stayed for one night for a very good rate as I booked online with Sofitel. Could not fault the hotel at all in any way. Rooms are spacious, gorgeous and have everything you need. Staff were excellent. Looked after our bags for the day when we checked out. Within working distance of Oxford Street, Covent Garden, most theatres. We didnt need the tube. Will be returning asap. One more thing the beds are so comfortable you wont want to get up in the morning!!	
Apr 30 2005 	Best Valued 5-Star Hotel	This was a very comfortable and quiet hotel. You could hear very little or no street noise inside the room which I've found to be unusual for any London hotel. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. I only eat breakfast at the hotel (which was good) but the restaurant had a decent menu. Price was reasonable at £120 excluding breakfast on a Sunday.	
Apr 27 2005	Excellent Hotel - Will definitely return	I will definitely return to this hotel, excellent location not two minutes from piccadilly circus and less than ten minutes to oxford st, we were able to walk everywhere and didnt need taxis or tube. the hotel itself is a 5 star, large classy rooms, lovely bathroom with extra strong shower, bathrobes, slippers, everything you might need. we had no trouble organising a late check out, extra hangers, nothing was a problem. when you come back at night they have cleaned the room a second time, emptied all the bins etc, turned down the bedsheets and left out slippers and a bottle of evian for each guest, very nice touch! newspapers are delivered to the room each morning.we booked online and got a classic room for stg £130 per night, i thought this was excellant considering i had stayed in more expensive london hotels which turned out to be horribly substandard (Grange Holborn, Jurys Kensington.) This was fantastic value for money and I will definitely return.The only negative I would mention is that the breakfast is extremely expensive at stg £23. We chose to eat out instead so I cant actually say whether it would have been worth it or not!	
Apr 24 2005	Great Hotel!	We spent 3 nights here last week, and had selected the hotel based on earlier comments in the forum. It's an absolutely fantastic property! Great location, the room was quite posh for the money - excellent bedding, and nice amenities throughout. Just a couple of blocks from Picadilly Circus with tube links to everywhere. I'd highly recommend this hotel - I was unsure if the room would be large enough by our usual US standards - it's absolutely big enough for a couple in a regular room! Very large bathroom with excellent fixtures and a great soaking bathtub and good toiletries! Have travelled extensively, and this hotel absolutely exceeded my expectations. It's one of those hotels that is nice, a touch of luxury, but not pretentious. That to me is a hard balance to have a hotel maintain - yet this hotel definitely does it well! Highly recommend this hotel if you're planning a vacation to London.	
Apr 12 2005	Excellent Centrally Located Hotel	We stayed at the Sofitel St. James for one week near Easter. The hotel was excellent. Clean, comfortable, great service, great plumbing (in comparison to other London hotels), reasonable price for the accomodations, and otherwise First Class. Would stay again.	
Mar 26 2005	Wonderful location and hotel	Stayed 2 nights over a weekend in March 2005. Paid 140 Euros excl VAT. Nice room - small-ish, but not so that you feel uncomfortable and cramped. Par for the course in London.The room was quiet, beautifully decorated (especially the bathroom). The bistro style restaurant downstairs had a nice theatre dinner menu that was good value as well as being plain good. The location is excellent too - especially for the West End. And if you're travelling light, Piccadilly Circus tube station is literally 3 minutes walk away. I plan to stay there again on my next trip to London.	
Mar 21 2005	Nice touches at the Sofitel	I was so pleased with my stay at the Sofitel in NYC last month I decided to give the Sofitel St. James in London a go. We live an hour outside London and stayed at the Sofitel St. James from 3/11/05 - 3/13/05 for a getaway weekend. The hotel is superb and I have to say, I am beginning to like the chain as much as I like the Four Seasons group. Not meaning that it is 5-star, but definitely worth the price we paid which was £125 per night.The small, but beautiful lobby is very inviting. The floral arrangements are so pretty. There is also an apple basket. My little one helped himself to an apple every time we went through the lobby. Upon check-in we were given our free drink card and our son was given a lovely Double-Decker bus metal toy which he carried every where we went. This gesture is a sure sign that children are welcome.As for our room, we had #116. Our room did not have a great view as it faced some sort of atrium roof. The room was a good enough size and we did not feel cramped with the cot for our son. Another nice touch was the dried figs and large glass bottle of Evian. The maid also bought two more bottles for the turn down service each night. The bed was heavenly and it was amazingly quiet at night. The desk and drawer space was ample. I preferred the decor of the bathroom in London to the Sofitel in NYC. My husband appreciated the heated towel rack. Just little touches that all add up.As for the food, it was pricey (we had room service). The service was excellent, but while my husband and son enjoyed their meals I only thought mine was okay. Being an American I am always quick to order pancakes when I see them on a menu in Europe. 9 out of 10 times they are not buttermilk pancakes, thus leading to disappointment. Otherwise, the coffee and bread basket are excellent choices.The bar is a bit small and cramped, but we enjoyed our free drinks. You can have either the cocktail of the day or a glass of champagne. We went with the cocktail of the day which were very good Cosmopolitans. Make sure you sign up for a Sofitel Privilege card before you go. Besides the free drinks, you also can have late checkout and how much you spend is converted to points. The points you accrue can add up quickly and we are already entitled to a 200 euro certificate. The Rose Tea room seemed very popular as it was always crowded.The hotel is in an excellent location. Walking distance to Piccadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square, The Mall and many other sights.	
Mar 16 2005	High Standards Maintained - Worth Every Penny	Second time staying at this luxury hotel (that in itself is a recommendation with all the choice in London) and it really does live up to the high rating in Tripadvisor. Just wish I could stay for longer. Pristine levels of cleanliness in all areas have been maintained since last time we stayed (just after opening nearly 2 years ago). The bedrooms are spacious with large comfortable beds - heading back to that mattress after a days' shopping, evening at theatre, etc is such a treat. You could have eaten your meals in the bathroom, it was so spotless with towels that felt like new. The staff are friendly and efficient and the public areas are classy - the floral arrangements particularly are beautiful. The hotel is popular with business travellers during the week but at weekends quieter with a number of continental visitors. Our breakfast was included in our room rate - was of a high standard. In my opinion it would still be worth it even if you had to pay the (agreed) extortionate standalone charge - that's hotels for you! The location of the hotel is perfect - it is c. 500 yards from both Piccadilly Circus and Trafalgar Square yet reasonably quiet. I have stayed at a number of luxury hotels and Sofitel St. James more than compares with others - I can't recommend it enough. With the exception of a stay at the soon to be reopened, renovated Browns, I would be happy to stay at this hotel every time I come to London.	
Feb 24 2005	Superb hotel very honest staff	I stayed here based on the tripadvisor views and it exceeded all of my expectations. When I checked in I was given a first floor street facing room which is expected would be noisy but it was NOT - quadruple glazed (4 panes in each window) and super quiet. I also mislaid my wallet one night in the business center while using the internet - it was returned to me early the next morning with all the cash (over £100) still in it - so very honest friendly staff. Great hotel and excellent value for money.	
Feb 6 2005 	Great Sleep	I stayed here in January for eight nights. I booked this hotel because of what I read here on Trip Advisor. I am not sure if it is a &quot;five star&quot; luxury hotel but it is definitely a very pleasant establishment. It really is a great sleep, the best in all of my hotel experiences. The staff is very accommodating and helpful, especially the concierges. The location cannot be beat. It is near everything, St. James's Park, Tr. Square, Piccadilly, Covent Garden, but tucked away at the end of Regent Street around some other official buildings so it is quite civilized. If you are adverse to smoke I would not advise it as the bar specializes in all varieties of cigars which to my senses permeated the public areas of the hotel. That and some minor kinks because it is a &quot;newer&quot; hotel are my only criticisms. Otherwise, one can expect what you have read in these reviews. I would definitely stay again.	
Jan 30 2005	Best Bed in London!!!	A wonderful experience!!! Don't really want to say how great as I would love to keep it my little secret!! Staff amazing - front desk, concierge and restaurant. Wonderful bar - gentleman club style and the most beautiful pink &quot;Rose&quot; tearoom. Restaurant was lovely and the meal was great - really enjoyed my night!The Rooms - wow!! I was upgraded on both my stays and the sleep I got was amazing. The beds are named &quot;My Bed&quot; because they are sooooooo comfortable and I feel asleep straight away!!! Bathroom is gorgeous with massive bath and seperate power shower.The lobby is gorgeous also - showing some historical artefacts. The hotel was formerly a bank and it incorporates this. Location is amazing -can see Houses of Parliament from outside hotel. 150 yards to Piccadilly tube station, 5 minute to Traf Square and 10 minute walk to Covent Garden. I love this hotel and will always return when staying in London!!!!!!!!!!	
Jan 22 2005	Top Notch	I've stayed at the hotel on 5 or 6 separate occasions and the Sofitel St. James is a main reason I look forward going to London. The location is unbeatable, the rooms always in top shape and a staff that will do anything to make sure your trip is pleasant. It is admittedly an expensive stay (even if your company picks up the tab), but worth a splurge even if you stay just for a night or two. Finally, I highly recommend the breakfast at the Brasserie Roux (in fact I would go there even if you stay in another hotel) for the patisserie and french roast coffee.	
Jan 21 2005	Nice little touches for Loyalty programme members	I was reserved in this hotel by my office which is just down the street on Jermyn street. The hotel is very nicely located and has a good oldie feel inside. Though it looked so small in size as compared to any Indian 5 star hotel. The rooms were samll but good (I think London hotels are all small rooms type). If you are a loyalty card holder then u get a express checkin, a welcome drink voucher, free newspaper, free mineral water and even an orange! I liked the small touches like making my bed ready for sleeping in the evening with dim lights and slow music running. Breakfast is damn too expensive so I decided to eat out. Otherwise very nice hotel. I am already going back to it.	
Jan 15 2005	Loved it will stay again.	The rooms are very comfortable. The staff is helpful. We felt welcome.I booked through the internet, and made a mistake on room size. The staff at the front desk fixed us up in a new room, and we checked in two hours early. They were nothing but nice about the whole thing.One of the best hotels where we have ever stayed.	
Dec 29 2004	Great! Loved it!	Perfect location! The bed was super nice, the hotel is beautiful and the staff is nice and accomidating. My husband and I would highly suggest you stay here if you are looking for a lovely place to stay in London.	
Dec 7 2004	Loved it	Preview:My wife and I have couple of requirements for the hotels we stay in:1) clean 2) comfortable 3)space 4) locationWe stayed at St James Sofitel for 6 nights after 10 nights in Paris, and we loved it. Bed is ultracomfortable.Room was large with large all marble bathroom/great bed/night stends/writing desk, 2 armchairs and a coffee table (we got upgraded some i do not know how big or small regular rooms are)Hotel is very well decorated. Staff is helpfull (given that some are more than others but overall very helpful).Cigar bar and a separate tea room, both are excellent places to relax.Restaurant is ok - we had breakfast included, so we were their for the morning coffee and fruit salad - i thought that food was ok, service was good and convinience was great.Hotel is pricey, but i guess that goes for any similar hotel in London.Location is excellent. It's just behind the Trafalgar Sq. short walk to Mayfare and to Theatre district/Soho. We actually walked to Bac. Palace too and it was not a long walk (may be 20 minutes).Overall - great location (especially if you want to spend your evenings at theatres), very comfortable bed (probably the best we slept in, although we stayed at Westin's and Sheraton's and Hilton's before), price but excellent bar nicely separated from lobby, feeling of a solid hotel.	
Dec 6 2004	very comfortable	I'd spent a long time trawling this site and others trying to decide on a hotel for a one night theatre trip to The Mousetrap* in December. After a very dissapointing hotel in Venice booked through Expedia, I didn't want to be let down again. Couldn't fault the location, although parking cost £40.00 for about 20 hours! To be fair to St.James, nothing to do with them and they still offer a Valet service. The Room was a Deluxe, £200 a night including their excellent but wildly overpriced breakfast - £22.00 a head. Needless to say, we ticked just about everybox available. 'More Black Pudding Darling?'Super comfortable bed, small-ish but clean and stylish bathroom with a nice deep tub and seperate shower with a large head. Roger and Gallet products were a nice touch, as were slippers.We had dinner in the Roux Braserrie, which was surprisingly good value. OK, it was the 'pre-Theatre menu' with a limited choice but at £20.00 (+ service charge) for three courses, half a bottle of wine and coffee, I was surprised. The bar, as always was expensive - £22.00 for two average drinks. And the Rose room with the Harp tinkling in the corner was all a bit pink and more pink. Fine maybe in a Jane Austin novel but somehow it looked a bit out of place.One tiny moment - on checkout they tried to charge me twice for breakfast which when seen on the bill was a bit of a shocker - £88.00 for two! But sorted promptly and without a fuss.All in all though, an excellent stay. Not the cheapest in town but a superbly quite room, attentive staff and a location that can't be faulted.*PS. The Milkman did it! PPS. There isn't a Milkman in it.	
Nov 29 2004	Fantastic but not cheap!	Well, yet another great Sofitel hotel. Gorgeous room, although a bit small, and a very comfy bed.Great bar, serving up wonderful cocktails. Being a Sofitel Privilege card holder, we got treated to a freebie champagne in the bar. Very nice.I'd live here, if I could afford it!!	
Nov 9 2004	It's nice however not a 5 star hotel yet	We just returned from 4 nights at the St. James Sofitel and while the hotel is very pretty, it's needs some work. Here's our experience:--The rooms are very small. If 2 people want unpack and not live out of suitcases, advise getting the largest room you can afford. At the superior level, you need to ask for the larger superior rooms. Showers in bathrooms were a bit too small.--The hotel managment is generally good and wants to solve problems. We were moved into a junior suite (which is a larger room with 2 chairs/ottoman and closets in the entryway) because the phone system didn't work properly in our room.--In the junior suite, we had to call maintenance a couple of times because of burned out lights and blown fuses. The lights should be checked by housekeeping more regularly.--Staff: Ask for Angel at the concierge desk and Sally Ann at the front desk. They were great and helpful. The rest of the staff we encountered were only ok.--Needs a cab stand, particularly at busy hours. I don't think we'll return or recommend to friends.	
Oct 26 2004	We loved the Sofitel St. James	My twelve-year-old son and I stayed at the Sofitel for eight days and had a wonderful time. The beds are SO comfortable, the rooms are immaculate, the breakfast (especially the home-made pasteries) was the best I've ever eaten in a hotel.The staff was amazing and the little extras were wonderful. There is a big container with umbrellas by the front door and the staff will chase you down the block if they think it might rain and they feel you should take one for the day. The concierge called me at home in the states, twice, to update me on restaurant reservations.The afternoon tea was amazing. The only funny thing about it is that every bit of food in the hotel is made on sight and their French version of scones and crumpets was funny - although delicious.I could go on and on, but the best thing I can say is that after twenty years of visiting London I've found MY hotel and I'm never staying anywhere else. Worth the money	
Oct 24 2004	Great Central London Hotel	Fantastic. Lovely London hotel - great service, great location, great room and good price (for a 5* London hotel anyway!)	
Oct 17 2004	excellent hotel and location	My husband and I spent 8 nights here in early October and had a wonderful stay. As mentioned by others, the bed and bedding were fabulous! we usually take a night or two in a hotel to adjust to the bed, pillows, street or surrounding rooms noise but we slept like babies. The location couldn't be better--close to Piccadilly and Trafalgar--museums, theatres, shopping, the tube, pubs. But the hotel is so quiet. Housekeeping staff is nearly invisible and does a superb job--the button by the door inside the room to display &quot;do not disturb&quot; or &quot;make-up room&quot; on a light in the hall for the staff is a nice touch. Very nice bathroom and toiletries. The only thing we would change is a more comfortable chair to sit and read the paper. Expensive but worth it!	
Oct 5 2004	Great hotel! Can't wait to go back.	My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel in September and loved it! The room was big and the bed is the best i have ever slept in! The bathroom was stylish and roomy. Between the comfortable bed, the quiet room, and the blackout drapes, we slept in late every day. Great location, close to good food, pubs, shopping, and a tube station. The concierges were very helpful. The only odd thing would be charging for internet use in the business center. We will definitely be back. An excellent experience.	
Sep 1 2004	Best night's sleep in London	We stayed here for a treat and absolutely loved this hotel. The rooms were modern and stylish and had THE MOST COMFORTABLE BEDS we have ever slept in. In fact we took notes of the makes so we could try to buy the same pillows. The location is excellent, close enough to everything but quiet enough to sleep in. Breakfast in bed was a little pricey, but beautifully served and hot. Will be using this chain again for a weekend break in Brussels and so looking forward to it.	
Aug 26 2004	Location and character	Classy, comfortable hotel. Very good location near the National Gallery and Jermyn Street. OUr room was spacious, calm and quiet. Unlike another reviewer we had no problem with the draining of our water! Lovely bathroom in fact. Staff were very helpful and pleasant. Nice touches like the harpist entertaining in the Rose Room for afternoon tea and the pianist at cocktail hour.	
Aug 22 2004	Good choice really high class.	Great location. Efficient check-in. Discreet but helpful staff. Room was a bit smaller that I expected, but very well furnished. The bed was HUGE and very comfortable. They are really quiet rooms. Surprisingly so given the busy location.The bathroom was de-luxe! The shower is the best I have used - and I have stayed at quite a few 5* places.The TV didn't work properly but that wasn't why we chose to go to London.Generally attention to detail was very good, housekeeping staff were prompt.The gym is small, but was empty so we used it exclusively. Breakfast was of a good quality but seriously overpriced. You are better off going to a nice cafe by the Thames instead.Overall, you will feel pampered and won't regret your choice. Five stars!	
Aug 11 2004	Lovely hotel Great location		
Jun 29 2004	Excellent and Expensive		
Apr 26 2004	Just stay there!!		
Mar 19 2004	Sofitel St James is the best!		
Feb 24 2004	fantastic hotelexcellent staff at the sofitel st james london		
Feb 19 2004	Perfect Choice for London.		
Jan 17 2004	This EXCELLENT hotel deserves more recognition!		
Dec 19 2003	Top notch		
Dec 17 2003	Recommend for Business Travelers but a few quirks to consider		
Mar 19 2003	Loved the Sofitel - Location and Service		
Nov 19 2009 	?????		
Nov 17 2009 	extraordinaire		
Nov 16 2009 	Irréprochable		
Nov 15 2009 	Bruyant vieilli et confort inégal		
Nov 10 2009 	Luxus in zentraler Lage		
Nov 8 2009 	perfetto		
Oct 28 2009 	parfait		
Oct 20 2009 	Hotel Fantastique au coeur de Londres		
Oct 8 2009 	Hermoso		
Oct 6 2009 	semplicemente perfetto		
Oct 4 2009 	TOp		
Sep 22 2009 	Klasse!		
Sep 16 2009 	Très très cher !		
Sep 5 2009 	???????????????????		
Aug 4 2009 	Quasi perfetto		
Aug 3 2009 	Super Hotel mit tollem Service		
Jul 29 2009 	?????????		
Jul 26 2009 	Super week end entre belles-soeurs		
Jul 24 2009 	freundlich - zuvorkommend - perfekt		
Jul 22 2009 	????????????		
Jul 16 2009 	Superbe week-end londonien		
Apr 12 2009 	excellent hotel		
Apr 5 2009 	Très bien situé		
Apr 2 2009 	Très bonne surprise !		
Mar 18 2009 	Très bon hotel		
Mar 14 2009 	Luxe et calme		
Feb 5 2009 	chic discret et confortable		
Feb 2 2009 	benarrivato!		
Jan 28 2009	Muy buena situación		
Jan 23 2009 	Presque la perfection ... mais service client à améliorer		
Jan 5 2009 	Beim nächsten mal wieder!		
Jan 4 2009 	????????		
Jan 1 2009	Una estancia perfecta		
Sep 11 2008 	Excellent Hotel ..à condition de choisir une chambre Luxe		
Sep 3 2008 	GREATEST LONDON		
Aug 27 2008 	Le top		
Jun 21 2008 	Très bel établissement au service attentif en plein coeur de Londres		
May 20 2008 	Merveilleux hôtel		
Mar 31 2008	ideal pour un week end		
Mar 30 2008 	Hotel muy bien situado con una gran calidad de servicios		
Jan 19 2008 	décevant		
Jan 14 2008 	Bien placé mais très cher		
May 1 2007 	Magnifique!!!		
Apr 16 2007	Parfait		
Apr 10 2007	Le Must		
Aug 20 2006 	La perfection		
Feb 14 2006	Superbe!!		
