	COLORBLIND	Prior to any of my trips whether for business or pleasure I go into Trip Advisor to view the latest reviews for the hotels that I will be staying at during the trip. I enjoy reading the reviews to see if others feel the same as I do about a certain hotel and I frequently find recommendations to restaurants located near these hotels.Recently when I looked at the reviews for the Darlington Hyde Park (DHP) in London before my recent trip I was shocked to read a very negative review from the partner of a person of color which advised people of color not to stay at the DHP.I am a person of color who discovered the DHP on the Trip Advisor web site and have stayed at the DHP on four or five occasions in the past two years as a direct response to finding it on this site even though my travel agent made other suggestions as they were not at the time familiar with the DHP.During my visits I have always been treated with the utmost respect and courtesy. At no time have I felt the slightest inkling of distain or perceived negative treatment towars me because of my race. In fact the entire staff from reception , dining, or housekeeping have been fantastic at the least. Besides the convenient location a five minute walk from Paddington Station and two tube stations, the cleanliness of the entire hotel, the bright and attractively decorated rooms, and the quality of the breakfasts the most outstanding attribute of the hotel is the staff and their caring and considerate manner.I have been most fortunate that my consulting business allows me the opportunity to travel around the world and to stay in hotels of every class. But when I travel to London either as a stopover point or specifically for a holiday visit the DHP is my hotel of choice.In the past I have recommended the DHP to colleagues and friends. Again after my visit last week I will most highly recommend the Darlington Hyde Park to anyone.	
	Great location great staff bit noisy room	We stayed for 6 nights in the Darlington Hotel. The location is perfect, you can easily hop on a bus or tube to travel through London. We travelled mostly by bus: in 15 minutes you can be in Notting Hill or Oxford Street. Perfect!We first stayed in room 10. This room was quiet and fresh, but hadn't much daylight. So we asked for a room on the street side of the hotel. The staff was very helpful and put us in room 203. This room was a lot bigger, had two nice seats to relax in after a day of walking, and the bathroom was much more practical. The disadvantages of this room were the bad ventilation (at night it could be very hot in the room, even with the windows and curtains open and 10 degrees C outside) and the noises from outside (because the windows should be open for the fresh air) and the wooden floors (you can hear your upper neighbors walking to the toilet).However, we really enjoyed our stay: the nice breakfast, the spacy rooms, the cleanliness and the really friendly staff. Definately worth visiting another time!	
Nov 23 2009 	Very good location and reasonable rooms	The hotel is two hundred meters from Paddington Station and from Lancaster Gate tube station, what gives you plenty of chances for moving around London. The building where the hotel is is Victorian and the floors creak. You hear mornings and nights the guest in the room above you moving around, what is not very agreable, but the rooms are big and the price is right. If you can accept the creaking floors, this is a good hotel.	
Nov 19 2009 	Everything TripAdvisor said it would be!	This is a great quality hotel at a reasonable price. Our room was modern, clean, 2 huge windows, and big enough for a sofa and an armchair. The staff are friendly and helpful, the breakfast fresh, well cooked and served quickly. It is quiet even though it is on a busy road, the soundproofing on the windows works well. It is only 5 mins walk from Paddington station, and 5 mins taxi from the west End.	
Nov 18 2009 	Excellent London hotel - good value and service	The Darlington is a good, clean, well staffed hotel that is affordable. It has an excellent location in Paddington (about 5 minutes from the tube) and the rooms are simple but very very clean. It deserves its four star rating as it is very well run, with great staff. The hotel is simply but comfortably furnished and is great value for money. I have stayed there for 7 nights now in total, and all my experiences have been great.	
Nov 16 2009 	Shame about the room	Would just echo the general good vibes about this hotel but was allocated a very poor room during our stay (room 11). Booked a twin room but room 11 is actually a 'split room' with a single bed in the entrance room and a double in the back room (that comes off the entrance room). Fridge located in cupboard between the two rooms. TV was in the single (front room) which was poorly laid out, needed more thought in the room layout ... far too basic.Two windows that both looked out onto a brick wall that was just a few feet away ... no view at all. Double bedroom and bathroom (which came off the double bedroom) were both very small and suspicion that the bath had a leak somewhere as there seemed to be excess water on the floor after being used.A great shame about the room as the hotel itself is very good as others have said ... and breakfast is also good quality/quantity. Staff very polite and helpful also.	
Nov 14 2009 	Most Pleasant Staff	We booked this hotel for its location and also for the positive comments on Trip Advisor. The visit to London was to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary, and a few days prior to our arrival, we asked on the phone if we could have a 'nice' room in view of the special occasion. On check-in, they mentioned this and said we had been allocated a street-facing room on the third floor, which was one of their better rooms. So first impressions were favourable.The pleasant staff provided service at breakfast which was excellent, as was the quality of the English breakfast which you could vary as much as you like (within reason). As there was no bar in the hotel, this was the only occasion on which we saw the other guests, and as the breakfast restaurant always had a healthy number of diners, the hotel was clearly quite full. We like to have an English breakfast, but I admit that those wishing a 'Continental' style may be disappointed with the limited choice available.Paddington tube and railway station was less than five minutes walk away, and Lancaster Gate tube less than ten. There were also a number of bars and restaurants around Praed Street, should you not want to venture far in an evening. We did go to a nearby Indian restaurant (Spice of India) which was good value.The security at the hotel has already been mentioned and was a bit of a comfort. A swipe card was issued to both of us, which gains access to the external door, a further internal door to the lift, and to the bedroom. There was also a digital safe in the room (free) which was a useful addition.They also had a variation of 'Room Service', which entails takeaways from various London restaurants being brought to your room. We didn't use this service, so can't comment on its timeliness, quality etc.Thoroughly recommended, and I'd be delighted to return to the Darlington.	
Nov 4 2009 	Always a nice stay for London.	I've been 3 times at The Darlington and it's always a nice place to stay at. It's in the Hyde Park zone, so the hotel is quiet and surrounded by trees and green parks.The hotel itself is very little and quiet and the room are pretty nice. This time I tried I twin and it is as nice as the double and the rooms for families.	
Nov 3 2009 	A very safe bet	The room was large,clean and quiet.The location was convenient for sightseeing.The breakfast was prompt and well prepared.We will use this hotel again.	
Nov 1 2009 	Dont stay here if you are black	Booked this hotel due to the reviews. The room Perfect, the location Perfect. Unfortunately the reception was not so good. My partner is black. From the moment we booked in she was treated with contempt, initialy it was subtle from the receptionist with a comment like &quot;are you together?&quot;. My partner wanted to let that ride. However, at breackfast the next morning the contempt and racism was overt. The looks from staff and the smirks were evident from the moment we walked into breakfast. My partner virtualy had her food thrown at her and the attempt to get further coffee was a joke.In short, if you are black or your partner is black, do not use this hotel	
Oct 15 2009 	Excellent location and value	Close proximity to Paddington station and Hyde Park, tall ceilings, very friendly and helpful staff, very clean rooms, plenty of hot water, large bathroom, old non-contemporary English feel, free breakfast with reasonable hours, free quality Ethernet and WiFi, plus the price. Well done!	
Oct 9 2009 	Great location and price	Stayed at this hotel at the beginning of a great holiday and were very pleased with our choice of hotel. Not luxurious but good value, comfortable and in a great location. Close to Paddington railway so we could catch the Heathrow Express. Good Breakfast selection and good service.	
Sep 30 2009 	Well maybe we will give it another try	I was very complimentary about this hotel in 2008 and don't let me be unfair because for the price it is good value and spotlessly clean. Furthermore as another reviewer mentioned the cooked to order breakfast is outstanding. I complained, as I always seem to have too, about the sausage last time but it was very tasty, lovely bacon, mushrooms, a properly grilled tomato and a perfect egg. I have to say it was a great start to the day. However the bathroom was small and the tub tiny but spotlessly clean. The extractor fan was very noisy. But the bath sheets were of good quality and a delight to use. The bedroom was on the small side The bed was on the hard side and the springs made bonging noises! But theworst was when in the morning I realised my wife and I had consumed their measly allowance of two coffee sachets and phoned reception who said &quot;if you come to reception I will give you some more&quot; Hold on dear it's 7:30am and I've got next to nothing on, so that was the wrong answer! That made me mad but breakfast consoled me so, maybe we will give it another try.	
Sep 29 2009 	Good Home Base in London	We arrived at The Darlington Hyde Park early in the morning after our flight from Canada. We were able to check in early at a pre-arranged fee. It was worth it just to be able to lay down for a while and to have a shower. The hotel was easy to find and close to Paddington Station. Which is great if you are taking the Heathrow Express to or from the airport because it arrives and departs from Paddington. You can catch the Tube (subway) from there as well, there are also a lot of places to buy snacks and meals at the station. The rooms are clean and the beds are comfortable. The bathroom is a decent size and clean. All the staff we dealt with were friendly and helpful. There was a complimentary breakfast offered, it was better than average with your choice from both a self serve continental breakfast bar (yogurts, fruit, etc) and you could also order from a English breakfast menu (eggs, toast, ham, etc). Overall it was a good hotel at a reasonable price and we have no complaints.	
Sep 18 2009 	Great hotel	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in July and was very impressed. The whole place was clean, airy and light. The room was a good size for London and the staff were efficient and friendly. The breakfast was also nice and cooked to order. The location is 5 minutes walk from Paddington and 10 minutes from Hyde Park, Marble Arch &amp; Oxford Street. I will be making this my preferred hotel for London from now on.	
Sep 18 2009 	Great Place will go back	This was a great spot for us. We were able to walk there with bags from Paddington station in 5 minutes. The staff were helpful and the room very spacious and comfortable. the breakfast room was so nice and the food excellent. We are looking forward to staying there next time we are in London.	
Sep 14 2009 	Worth knowing about....	We stayed here for one night on 12th September and would recommend it if you're looking for a clean and conveniently located hotel in the Paddington / Hyde Park / Marble Arch areas, having good access to transport routes to the touristy parts of London. We had room 400 which was on the top floor facing the rear of the building, all as we requested, and was quiet (although it was next to the lift, the lift was whisper quiet), scrupulously clean, and had all the basic necessities. The rooms are not massive (bedroom 12 foot x 9 foot) but the en-suite was, let's just say, extremely compact (6 feet x 4 feet), barely enough to do the necessaries! The check in /out was fine - the east European girl polite and business-like rather than overtly friendly, but I find that this to be a bit of a general trait for them, and don't see it as a negative point. Similarly, the waitress at breakfast. The full English cooked breakfast is a good start to the day, and very well cooked; I have stayed in far more expensive hotels and had much worse and, sadly, not many better. My partner had a couple of lovely poached eggs, perfectly cooked, and not the plastic mouldings that are often passed off as poached eggs. Rooms have digital safe installed which was good to see, plenty of pillows and spare blankets and openable window over the roof-scape outside, and effective air conditioning (though I found the filter on the air conditioning room unit hadn't been cleaned for some time and was limiting the air flow - Owner please note!!). All in all, a very good overnight stop.	
Sep 13 2009 	Wonderful value	I didn't think you could get an acceptable single room in London for under £70. Not flashy, but clean, quiet and comfortable. A very acceptable breakfast. Excellent location close to Paddington. Definitely recommended for an overnight.	
Sep 12 2009 	nice hotel but...	I stayed in this hotel for a week, spending around 700£ for a double room ensuite. The hotel offers a good service as cleaning and breakfast, but honestly I found some lacks I wouldn't expect for the price I paid. First of all the noise insulation: you can hear every single step in the upper floor, and in my room, since the bathroom was next the bedroom, it was impossible to sleep when the other was in the shower. Plus almost half of the sockets where fake, just 2 sockets working in the bedroom and 2 working free in the sitting room (we sometimes unplugged the tv when it was turned off). Another thing, the curtain in the bathroom. I hated it stuck on while I was under the shower. These last things could appear minor problems, most of all considering the average of the hotels in london, but honestly I was expecting more for the price I paid...	
Aug 29 2009 	Convenient to everything	Having checked the comments on Trip Advisor my wife &amp; I decided to stay at the Darlington. It was a very good choice. After reading of the squeaky floor problem I asked for a room on the top floor and was allocated room 404. The room was clean, as was the en-suite area.We over looked the main road which allowed plenty of fresh air and the small table fan along with the open window worked well to keep the temperature just right for a good nights sleep. There was ample storage space - we were travelling with two large suitcases to cover three climates.A lift to all floors, small library of paperbacked books, TV in the room (good reception), security is very tight - electronic key to the front door, another locked door to gain access to the inner area of the hotel and of course another lock for your room.We found the staff to be friendly and polite. The breakfast was very good - as mentioned by others the hot food is cooked to order and the portions were generous.We have already sent copies of the hotel brochure to our UK friends who visit London frequently.The location is very good - five minute walk to the underground, many passing taxi cabs, plenty of restaurants &amp; pubs in the area. Close to a large shopping strip which includes a Marks &amp; Spencer. It was an eight minute walk, towing our suitcases, to Paddington railway station to catch the Heathrow Express. We would be happy to return to the Darlington Hotel next time we are in London.	
Aug 17 2009 	Quiet clean and convenient!	After hours of research on this site, as well as others, I chose the Darlington for a four night stay in London. We were very pleased with every aspect of this hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful, the breakfast suitable, the room was airy and comfortable. The hotel is located in a convenient area, a five minute walk to Paddington Station. From there we were able to hop on the underground to every sight in London. We were also happy with the neighborhood, we walked back to the hotel many times very late at night and felt perfectly safe. Additionally, there were several excellent restaurants in the area and some great pubs as well. Even though the street was busy, the noise never bothered us, we both slept soundly every night. We will definitely choose the Darlington again, and would recommend this hotel to our friends and family.	
Jul 30 2009 	Not Best Loved Anymore	I had stayed at the Darlington six years ago, and was enchanted. It is certianly in an excellent location, the staff was friendly and welcoming, the room clean and lovely. I have long wanted to return as I travel to London quite frequently. Sadly it just hasn't worked out (the place is booked, or it is out of the budget range of traveling companions). So I was thrilled to get a room on the last leg of my latest tour. I have stayed at a lot of budget/traveler hotels in London and am well used to the closet sized single rooms, so I was prepared. While the young woman who checked me in was lovely (though rather rude to the other gentlemen who were checking in and arrived before me - she ignored them and checked me in first), that was about the extent of the service. Yes the room was small, and I was okay with that. The bathroom needed work, like treating the shower head to remove scale. It was more of a power wash than a shower. The two problems I approached the desk with were completely dismissed and unresolved. One was issues with my internet access, which was met with the notion that I should try the local internet cafes. The second was the dryer in the communal laundry not working - no note to indicate this, so I found it out when I had a load of wet clothes. The answer was &quot;oh. It must not be working.&quot; with no other offer of help. Nothing could be done, apparantly, until his shift was over. This was not the Darlington I recall. The inconveniences were mostly minor, but they were irritating and built on one another. The service did not match the room rate. It was quite disappointing.	
Jul 28 2009 	Quiet and delightful	Needed a place to stay after overnight from US on our way to Oxford. Easy ride or walk to Paddington Station. The rooms were clean and reasonably modern and somewhat spacious by British standards. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The location is good for London sightseeing. Would definitely stop here again.	
Jul 18 2009 	Lovely bright clean and well positioned	Stayed here with my small daughter, collapsed in the door after a long-haul flight and were pleasantly surprised. Had a twin bedroom in basement area, good bathroom, neat and clean, great breakfast with plenty of variety on offer and the breakfast room is clean, tidy and sunny. Five minutes walk from Paddington station and close to shops and restaurants. Only tiny thing I would say is that it wasn't probably the most exciting place to stay for a small child - but highly recommended, would definitely go back.	
Jul 11 2009 	It just gets better!	How nice it was to find things unchanged after a 2 year hiatus. If anything, the hotel is even cleaner and the staff is even friendlier. We stayed a week, and were pleased to be back in room 100. The ceiling is very high, which gives a feeling of spaciousness to what is a normal-sized double room. The one problem is that when it's hot, it gets very stuffy, even with a fan. The french door only can open a few inches because of a doorstop. Undoubtedly, this is there for reasons of safety. There is a laundry machine, which we found useful, as we'd been traveling for a couple of weeks. There is a good pub across the street from an excellent Indian restaurant around the corner.	
Jul 8 2009 	Good good good!!	Stayed here for four nights late June early July 2009. Clean, quiet, reasonably priced, good breakfast, good price, good location. There are also plenty of restaurants nearby Would I go back...?YES!!Only slight downside(if I had one), it lacks a small bar in the place. It's nice to sit down in a hotel bar late on for a beer.	
Jul 4 2009 	"Fantastic location in Paddington for the family"	Our stay was in April 2009, we wanted a family room close to transport and restaurants at a reasonable rate, 185.00 pounds per night this hotel ticked all the boxes. We arrived very early, not able to check into our room which was expected. We were able to freshen up after our 24 hour flight, leave our luggage and head for the sights of London. We arrived back at our cosy hotel and our room was all ready. The family room has 2 separate bedrooms, 1 queen bed and the other room has 2 singles (no pull-out couches) we feel this is a must with teenagers, bathroom separating the 2 rooms. The room was lovely and warm, maybe small but we only wanted a comfortable bed for a good nights sleep and that is exactly what we got, we only spent limited time in our room as we were enjoying the many sights London has to offer. The breakfast is more than enough either continental or a fully cooked English breakfast, beautifully presented and very helpful staff to serve first thing in the morning. Loved the small quaint feeling of this hotel rather than the large hotel chain hotels. Close to the Paddington tube but you are closer than you think to many London attractions and can easily walk the distance, would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 22 2009 	Perfect Stay	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. In fact, the front desk upgraded our room upon arrival at no extra cost from a double to suite. Everything was clean and well maintained. The breakfast room was inviting with a very good continental and full English breakfast. All staff was friendly and helpful. My only gripe was that the hot water in the tub was only lukewarm. The hotel was in a pleasant neigborhood and within a short walk of Paddington Station.	
Jun 12 2009 	A wonderful surprise in comfort cleanliness and decor.	We were returning from Northern Ireland and planned a one night layover in London.We booked the Darlington with respect to the reasonable rate and the proximity to Paddington station.We have visited London many times and this hotel rates among the very best including many others we have booked. The room and bath were spotlessand the restaurant excellent. The desk clerk and manager were very friendly and helpful.We really cannot say enough good things about the hotel.Ralph and Elaine Latimer Denver, CO helpful	
May 28 2009 	Extremely well run hotel near Paddington Station	Great rooms. Excellent Breakfast included. 5 minutes to Tube and Heathrow Express.	
May 21 2009	such a relief!	I had spent a week down in Devon, and decided to meet my son in London. (he's studying abroad in Sweden) I looked and looked for hotels that had decent ratings and that were reasonably priced. Hard to find apparently! Last minute I found this hotel, and the ratings on Trip Advisor looked good. We only stayed in London one night, but we had a great room, in a very good location, a few blocks from Paddington Train station. We had a twin room with plenty of space, very clean, nice bathroom with a bathtub! They also have a lift. Breakfast was included. Very nice space, light and airy. Also, I found out about DOT2DOT. I contacted them and they picked me up at the hotel to take me back to Heathrow and dropped me off at my terminal for £19! (the express train from Heathrow was £16 and took much more walking) I'd highly recommend both the Darlington Hyde Park and dot2dot. We also ate at Wagamama by the Globe Theatre. I had had enough clotted cream (yum) and needed some clean food, lol! Great stuff!	
May 15 2009 	A Wonderful Place to Stay	We stayed here for 6 nights, and thoroughly enjoyed our stay.The room we had was adequately spacious, very clean and welcoming. We enjoyed a front room overlooking the tree lined street, found it quiet with no street noise. Had a double bed, (smaller) tv , tea making , and a safe ( did not see this in previous reviews but well worth having as it was free and was large enough for my laptop etc).We could not see why some earlier reviews were a bit critical of the breakfast - we found the staff exceedingly pleasant and helpful, the selection of foods was not huge, but was more than adequate - you could have a full English breakfast , or just eggs, as you wish and then there was a buffet of breads, jams, fruit, yogurts, cheddar cheese, and cereals. All in a light airy room.We had no problems at all with wi-fi , and it may help to know that there seems to be different wi-fi connections floor to floor , so you need to ask reception for the printed list of passwords. We got a list with 7 passwords, and found different parts of the hotel had better access to one or other of these connections. My Laptop consistently showed 48 mbs with &quot;excellent&quot; or &quot;very good&quot; signal strength.An absolute find was the restaurant called &quot;ASK&quot; about a block away, in Spring Street. Italian food to die for, superb cuisine! Best of all it was inexpensive. We kept going back after having been charged a small fortune at a local steakhouse where the food was simply ok. This Hotel is about 3 mins walk away from Paddington ( train &amp; metro stations) which meant that we took the Heathrow Express ( 15 mins to get here ) and walked down to our hotel - I was pleasantly surprised as to how painless it all was !This was a central location , and everyday we launched off to see various London attractions, most of which were 10 or 15 mins by tube. Also the red doubledecker tour was excellent and worth the day's outing ! Hyde Park and Marble Arch were a 10 minute walk away from here.Would definitely stay here again - thoroughly enjoyed our stay here !	
May 3 2009 	Good stay	The hotel was clean, tidy and the staff were friendly. the room was comfortable and not a bad size for London. bathroom was fine, had a nice shower. Only about 5mins walk from paddington station, and there's lots of restaurants and pubs in that area too. Breakfast was fine, had a choice of all the usual english breakfast stuff and some cereal, yoghurts juice etc. Only complaint was that the curtain needed to be a tiny bit bigger to cover the window completely, but managed to sort it out. Also as its an old building you could here people walking around you in the room above, but it didn't really bother me. Will be back in London for a few nights next month and will be using this hotel again.	
Apr 18 2009 	Spotless a good value!	Check for online Internet specials for this well kept and extremely convenient hotel. The breakfast room had everything and the staff there were very pleasant and helpful. The hotel has wi-fi internet but it is not always working and never from the rooms themselves. I liked the cleanliness and the security. A very good value.	
Mar 31 2009 	Friendly and professional.	Almost everything was very excellent here. Especially everyone who worked at the hotel.Only a few remarks:1. The bed in the executive room, could have been 10 cm wider.(But that is how it is in London. Narrow beds.)2. And the blanket 20 cm wider.3. Very warm in the breakfast room.	
Feb 26 2009 	decent hotel in a decent area	We stayed for 4 nights in October 2008 and had no problems. Friendly staff and an excellent breakfast cooked to order. Set in a quiet tree lined street close to Paddington station and Hyde park. Very secure as you need your room key to open the outside door. The room we had was big enough and clean enough for anybody. We visit London frequently for shows, theatre, e.t.c , and will definitely be back here. It's just a pity there isn't a small bar in the hotel.	
Feb 19 2009	safe clean and comfortable	My daughter and I stayed here for a few nights and really enjoyed the location, cleanliness, and security of the hotel. We arrived after dark, usually a spooky time to get aquainted with new surroundings, but our room made us feel at home immediately. Our room was surprisingly big, too, and we never felt that we were tripping over each other. The desk staff was very nice and responsive throughout our stay.The major negative we encountered was that breakfast wasn't all that great. There was a seriously limited selection of rolls and cereals, and the eggs--no matter how they were cooked--tasted bad. The kitchen and wait staff were not terribly friendly, perhaps because of negative reviews of their food.About the creaky floors---our room was on the 3rd floor, and yes, we heard some creaking from above us and in the hallway outside our door. It didn't bother us because we learned to tune it out. Our room faced the back of the hotel, which was awesome because it was so quiet.Oh! And just one other small thing to note---our bathroom steamed up and stayed dripping wet from just one quick shower. This is with all the windows open in the room. The shower curtain was too short, as well, so water invariably collected in the bathroom floor and ran toward the door.BUT, all in all, I would go back to this hotel because of its location and cleanliness. And free wifi!!	
Feb 15 2009 	Disappointed....	Very disappointed with this place given the rave reviews... unless I was just unlucky. However i may be a bit harsh in this review as I had just stayed at the Hilton Paddington the night before (far far far superior but much pricier when paying full prices)Location is reasonable. 5 minute walk from Paddington station so no complaints there. Check-in was painless.Now the room... about average for london.. .i.e. small. Noise levels.. I fully agree with some of the reviewers here... definitely can hear neighbours loud and clear!!! As well as footsteps from upstairs!! Bed itself was definitely smaller than a double as quoted. Reasonably comfortable although I'm quite unfussy with beds as long as they don't creak. Clean room.Bathroom... hmmm.. Tiny... although the shower was pretty powerful so that was fine. Breakfast next day was only served from 7am on a weekday.. interesting as I thought a lot of business guests would want to eat earlier than that. Anyway quality was not bad... nice english fry up without being too oily. Plus... cooked to order... so no complaints there. Checkout was fine and the hotel was nice enough to keep hold of my luggage.Overall... my expectations from this place was high given the good reviews... plus.. I had just stayed at a very good hotel, so perhaps a bit harsh. Nevertheless I wouldn't stay here again at £95 per night.. as I feel it's too expensive. (London's such a rip-off these days... sigh..).	
Feb 8 2009 	Enjoyable Christmas	My family traveled to London for Christmas for our first family vacation in three years. We were very pleased overall with this hotel. The rooms were clean and the breakfast service at the hotel was always very good. We only experienced one night with people loudly walking down the street outside the hotel. The laundry machine and dryer were used without any problem. Two underground stations are within a few minutes walking distance of the Darlington. I did not carry my laptop computer so cannot comment of the Wi-Fi system.The staff and general manager of the Darlington were wonderful and ensured that we had an enjoyable experience. We arrived at the Darlington around 23:30 with all of our luggage, and due to a missed communication with my travel agent, the hotel did not have a record of our reservation. The night staff made sure we had a room for the night and the manager the next day got the situation resolved. The Darlington is not open at Christmas and the manager spent a couple hours on the telephone/Internet to make sure we had quality hotel (Hilton) available for the remainder of our visit, at a very reasonable rate, and had the Hilton provide breakfast to us at no cost. The Darlington was not at fault with the reservation difficulties.	
Jan 20 2009 	Excellent location very quiet	After more than a few stays in the capital over the past months where I have experienced pretty poor standards, this stay was surprising in that the hotel was excellent. This was my first trip having used Trip Advisor for guidance, so I was abit unsure as to what I was going to find.The location is ideal for business or sightseeing. I was down for a course in Regents Park which was literally just a 15 minute walk. The single room I had was small, but perfectly designed for all your needs. Unlike other London hotels I'd been in recently, this was very clean, fairly up todate in decor, and more than justified the star rating.All the staff I encountered were first class, friendly and extremely helpful. Breakfast wasn't the best I've ever had but more than presentable and again, accompanied with a great service.I'm down for another course in a couple of weeks and I had no hesitation in booking up here again.Overall, an excellent stay and has gone some way to restoring my faith in London accomodation	
Jan 11 2009	Fine hotel	The hotel is located in an area CHOCK FULL of hotels. It's a bit of a walk from the Paddington station but not too bad. The staff was very nice and accommodating, and the room was very large. The bathroom especially was quite large with a nice big tub. Breakfast was pretty good.On the downside, I suspect that you could get a lot of loud screaming drunks outside the windows if you booked on a bad night (I woke up once to this and it was definitely an off night). The internet access was also quite spotty.	
Jan 11 2009 	Breakfast staff 5 star quality heating noisy/ mattress hard	Good location 5 mins walk from Paddington station,excellent security, very courteous staff, good sized room, mattress too hard, noisy 6 am heating system, dryer didn't dry completely, creaky floors in hallways, very very clean, internet access only about 20% reliable.Would stay again, but only if a quieter room and softer mattress.Breakfast staff excellent and deserve special mention.L.M. Sydney	
Dec 19 2008 	bring earplugs	Every year I visit London and it is always difficult to find a decent hotel in the centre that doesn't charge you at leat 200 Pounds a night. I have stayed in the Paddington area before and most hotels there are nothing more than a dump. The Darlington Hyde Park is a little better than most. The size of the rooms is bigger than in most London city hotels and the bathroom is complete. The English breakfast included in my room rate of 100 Pounds a night (for a twin) was excellent. The staff is mainly from Central or Eastern Europe and their knowledge of the English language ranks from basic to good. The only difficulty I had when trying to explain at the reception that housekeeping forgot to leave toiletpaper in the bathroom, but after ten minutes I managed to get some. The breakfast staff is very pleasant and offers a level of service rarely seen these days. The main problem is the noise. Thin walls and creaky floors that are common to the Victorian houses in Paddington can make you lose sleep at night. Whenever someone in the room above you goes to the bathroom at night, you will get a rude awakening. You literally hear every step your neighbours take and unfortunately mine liked to get up at 6 am. A little investment in a new floor and some isolation would be helpful. So, if you do choose this hotel for your stay, bring earplugs of make sure you get a room at the back of the hotel on the top floor, certainly when you are a light sleeper and need rest.	
Dec 12 2008 	Creaky Floors and Process Problems	We booked two nights at this hotel because of its proximity to Paddington Station and the excellent reviews in TripAdvisor. The hotel is pretty and has been updated on the inside. Our room was a large suite with a living room and a bedroom, and a nice bathroom. On the whole, the living quarters are above average and well worth the money in London. The problems all relate to process: the check-in staff did not speak english very well, our room was not ready and we went to eat for 2 hours and when we returned our &quot;checked&quot; luggage was still next to the front desk for all to see, the floors creak horribly when people upstairs walk on them, if you are a light sleeper you will not sleep here if people are active upstairs. I felt sorry for the people below us as I listend to the sounds of the people above us. Also, the breakfast quality was good, but there were not enough tables to seat all the guests in the time allotted, and the breafast server staff were confused on both mornings, forgetting orders and not bringing things to people.	
Dec 12 2008 	Well worth it	My husband and I have just returned from staying at the Darlington for a couple of nights. We chose it for its location, and because of the glowing reviews on TA.What a fantastic hotel, it certainly lived up to expectation. The staff couldn't have been more helpful, and friendly. The bedroom was a really good size, and everything was spotlessly clean. Breakfast was cooked to order and served in the very pleasant conservatory/breakfast room, and was delicious. Next time we go to London we wouldn't hesitate in returning to this hotel.	
Dec 4 2008 	disappointed	After reading other guests review, we were sure about choosing the right hotel in London. But we regret....The room was ok, even the standard could not be 4 stars hotel-room. The trouble started at night-time,- the room turned to busy Sussex Gardens, and the windows had no isolation. It was impossible to sleep when a window was open, but we had to have some &quot;fresh&quot; air....With a hospital in the neighborhood, we heard also ambulances all day.Some guests had on Tripadvisor mentioned creak-problems from the floor,- and it really was a problem, we got awake at night time with creaksounds from the room above. Well, we got an other room, away from Sussex Gardens, the new room turned against the backward, and that was ok. But we got a new problem,- the floor in our room creaked terrible !! It was no fun to walk on the floor. The last night we got awaked at 6.42 am, of a call from the man in the reception. He told us, that the lady in the room one floor down, had complied to him that she had not slept at all, because of problems with creak from the floor in our room....And the receptionist ORDERED us not to walk on the floor at night time.....to be considerate to the other guests! Well, we had walked on the floor a couple of times during the night , to go to the bathroom,- but not more. The receptionist was very rude. After breakfast we asked for the manager of the hotel, and he was in his office. We told him about the very unpleasant call,- and he told us that this was their policy,- when they got complaints from other guests about creak from other guestroom-floors,- they called the &quot;possible&quot; sinners, to tell them the compliaints from other guests..What was the point ?? The problem with the creak is the hotels responsibility, but the guests get order not to walk on the floor at nighttime ?? Horrible! The manager showed no understanding about the call we got from the reception early in the morning, and he was not nice. So the stay in London, which should be a nice getaway,- ended sad. So we will not recommend this hotel to other guests, who have to go to the bathroom at nighttime !!To bonus for the hotel is that the brakfast was very good and the staff in the breakfast-room were very nice	
Dec 1 2008 	Loved the Darlington Hyde	We stayed here for the third time and we still like it. The hotel is situated at app. a 10 min. walk from Paddington station. It's a nice neighbourhood. The hotel and rooms are clean. The staff is very friendly en helpfull. Breakfast is good. There is great variety; fruit, full english breakfast, juices, cereals etc etc	
Nov 9 2008 	Perfect Stay	We booked a last minute room after having to leave a bed and breakfast that we were not happy with. We were very lucky to get a rock bottom price of 95 pounds including breakfast and one of the very large rooms. This is the 4th time we have stayed here over 7 years and though the room size varies the staff have always been pleasant, the rooms spotless and of course the location is great. The rooms have all those little extras that make your stay more comfortable like a safe, toiletries, an iron, tea and coffee making facilities, a fridge and cable TV. We would definately stay here again.	
Nov 3 2008 	Great little hotel!	Two friends and I stayed at the Darlington recently. I had come across this hotel after searching for hotels on this site. After reading a lot of the reviews from previous guests I booked a reservation. We had a room with three twin beds and it was large enough for three men to fit in comfortably and without feeling cramped. The hotel was in a great location, approximately 5 minutes walking distance from Paddington Station so we could hop on the tube within 10 minutes. The English breakfast was great each morning. The staff was very friendly and helpful with directions and transportation arrangements. The only down note to our stay was due to the location of our room, we could hear lobby traffic and the front door closing at various times during the night. That would not prevent us from booking the same room again. I would definitely recommend the Darlington to anyone.	
Nov 1 2008 	Great position service and food	Tripadvisor revues helped us select this as good, position, service and price. The hotel location is within easy walking distance from Paddington station and the many cafes and restaurants in the area. We had a ground floor room on Sussex Gardens and were concerned that the traffic noise would be a problem...It was not! Room size a little small but very good fittings and finish. Staff on all shifts was extremely helpful and suggested that we would have got a cheaper price by booking direct. Fully cooked breakfast was included in our price of GBP98 per night. We will now use this hotel whenever in London Paddington.	
Oct 22 2008 	A great hotel	I had four nights at the Darlington in September 2008 and give it my unqualified recommendation.It is ideally situated for those arriving or departing by the Heathrow express at Paddington, and is only a short walk from the Paddington and Lancaster gate tube stations.The housekeeping is of the highest standard, the breakfast, (cooked or continental) is served in a delightful conservatory and really sets you up for a day out. The staff go the extra mile to be helpful.There are lots of fast food outlets and restaurants nearby and the Edgware Road is only about 8 minutes walk away.If you want a quiet hotel that is clean, safe, offers an excellent breakfast, and all at a reasonable rate, you will be happy with the Darlington.	
Oct 19 2008 	We loved our time in London and at The Darlington Hotel	We stayed at the Darlington on 9-09 - 9-11.Our stay at the Darlington was very nice. Our room, 208, was much larger than we had thought as well as the bathroom. The beds were very comfortable and room we were in was very quiet. The breakfast was very nice and the waitress was very nice. The front deck clerks were very helpful and professional. It is a very secure and safe place to stay. I would recommend the Darlington to anyone. Should we ever come back to London, the Darlington will be the hotel we stay at.	
Oct 15 2008 	Terrific Hotel Great Location	We stayed in London for the weekend and found Darlington Hyde on the Tripadvisor Website. We caught the Heathrow Express to Paddington and walked the 3 blocks to the hotel, this was very easy to do even after travelling for 24 hours.The staff are very pleasant and the hotel is very secure and clean. We had a room on an upper level and the room was small but very clean and quiet.Breakfast was included in the price of our stay and it was terrific. We could walk to the Marble Arch and then onto Oxford Street in around 15 minutes and the hotel is very central with easy access to trains etc. There are many restaurants located close to the hotel which offer variety of choice for meals.All in all a very pleasant experience, we would stay again.Brisbane, Australia	
Oct 13 2008 	A Good Stay at the Darlington Hyde Park	My husband and I stayed at the Darlington Hyde Park for one night on October 9. We wanted a hotel close to Paddington Station so we could take the Heathrow Express to the airport for our trip home on October 10.We arrived at Paddington Station from Bath, England around 1 PM. It was an easy 10 minute walk with luggage to the Darlington Hyde Park. It is a collection of townhouses surrounded by other townhouses which also appeared to be little hotels.We were buzzed in and found ourselves in an unremarkable reception area. Check in was easy and the clerk checked and said that our room was ready. We took the little elevator to the second floor (first floor in British parlance), walked up a couple of stairs and found our room – 103.I had prepared my husband for the fact that rooms at what might pass for a budget hotel in England were likely to be very small. We were both surprised by the room. It was spacious with a comfortable double bed, a safe, a small refrigerator, a flat screen TV and windows which were more like French doors which opened partway. There was a small balcony which had a sign on it that said, more or less, that the balcony was decorative only. There was a little electric kettle and a selection of drinks to make; I think they omitted tea bags by mistake but no matter. The bathroom had the same sort of windows and was clean and spacious. The furniture was a bit utilitarian but more than adequate. There were sheer curtains on the windows and heavy curtains you could use to darken the rooms at night or for privacy. Please note that you had to put your key card in the slot at the door to turn on the lights, etc. We opened the windows for air since it was very pleasant outside – I do not know if the key card slot also controls temperature.Room 103 faces the street and we could hear the street noise during the day but things really seemed to quiet down after 10 PM and we had no trouble sleeping. We walked to Kensington Gardens in a few minutes so the location was also nice.Breakfast was included in the rate and is served in a breakfast room in the basement (to Americans). The room was very nice and had skylights which gave us natural light. Breakfast was very good – there were pastries and cereal, juice, yogurt and we were offered an English cooked breakfast – eggs, sausage, grilled tomatoes and toast. They brought us a big pot of tea.I noticed that there was a washing machine and dryer available for guests in the basement.Check out was just as easy as check in and we were charged the agreed upon rate of 95 GBP a night. This was a case where calling the hotel (even from the United States) saved us a great deal of money since the rate on their website was, I believe, 145 GBP when I booked the hotel several months ago.I feel the Darlington Hyde Park represents a very good value for the money and I would not hesitate to stay there again. It deserves its high ranking on Trip Advisor..	
Oct 4 2008 	Loved the Darlington	We stayed at the Darlington, Hyde Park for 7 days in Sept/08. I cant say enough about this place. I know it is a bit more per nite but to me it was absolutely worth it. Staff was excellent, very helpful, friendly. They were very accomodating. The room was very clean and the bathroom was big. It was very close to all mode of travel...Paddington Stn being about 3 blocks away and in a very good neighbourhood..we weren't woried about walking around late at nite. A lot of good restaurants and pubs in the area. We were leaving for St. Pancras Stn to go to Paris very early on the moring of the 23rd and one of the staff brough us up a cold breakfast tray for the morning on the evening of the 22nd. Really thoughful This was my first trip to England and I was a bit nervous but if we go again this is where I will be staying. Actually the Darlington spoiled me for the other 3 hotels we stayed in during our 2 week stay. Nothing else compared. To the staff at the Darlington a big Thank you!!!!!!!	
Oct 2 2008 	Sleepless night at the Darlington Hyde Park	We stayed at the Darlington Park Hotel for one night on our way to Heathrow. It is an ideal location for this and for getting around London generally.There are numerous hotels along this street but this one stands out from the others in it's smart appearance. The room was clean and comfortable and breakfast was included in the price, and was quite adequate. The staff were generally friendly and helpful. However, the main problem was the creaking floorboards from the room above, as the occupants walked around the room, which they did until past midnight and then again at 6.30 a.m. The creaking was so intrusive in our room it was impossible to sleep while it was going on. A slightly lesser problem was noise from the road outside, not so much the traffic which was a constant background noise, but the noise from the smokers who congregated outside the front door and talked and laughed very loudly at intervals all night. The windows are not double glazed. On a less important point for us, there were problems with the wi-fi access in our room and we had to go down to the reception to use it.	
Oct 2 2008	Great location	Just spent two nights prior to a cruise. The hotel is in a great location. You can easily walk the 1 1/2 blocks from Paddington station if you take train from airport. Hyde and Kensington parks a a couple of blocks away. There are several pubs nearby.Rooms are a little small by american standards, but were clean and the bed was comfortable. Staff were friendly and the morning breakfast was very good. We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 2 2008 	Nice Little Hotel	This hotel is rated 24th out a so many in London. I was just there and can say that it is a nice clean little hotel with helpful staff people, a really nice breakfast and decent accommodations. I had requested a room in the back of the hotel and so it was nice and quiet. It's important to really realize what this hotel is. It is one is a row of about 10 hotels all of which are created from old row houses. Darlington is the nicest of them as it appeared to me. The location is &quot;fringey&quot;. It is near Paddington Station and the area is not high class, but it doesn't feel unsafe. The food stores, cafes, restaurants located nearby are very blue collar and the area shuts down by 11 or so.The other direction finds you just 2 short blocks from the Manchester Gate of Kensignton Gardens. A lovely location from that perspective. The Underground station is Lancaster Gate and is about 3 or 4 easy blocks away.The hotel is not in the midst of the action, but the Underground makes location somewhat moot.Everything about the Darlington is spotless with attention to detail. I do agree that the matresses could be upgraded a bit, but that is a minor comment.	
Sep 29 2008 	Charming hotel excellent value for money.	This is a lovely hotel in Paddington, close to all transport and within walking distance of Hyde Park and many shops and restaurants. It is a jewel amongst other hotels of a much lower classification. The manager is very approachable and will do his utmost to ensure your satisfaction. Our initial introduction to the Darlington on check in was far from satisfactory; the staff member in question could do with some customer service training. However this was negated by the other very friendly, approachable staff. Rooms are a little small, but this is fairly normal for London, but we did upgrade to a two-room mini suite located on the ground floor for the last 4 days of our 11 day stay. If staying for any length of time at the Darlington, these are the rooms to book. The breakfast conservatory is light and cheery and the food is plentiful while the breakfast staff are delightful. Overall we were very happy with our stay and would recommend to those seeking very good value for money.	
Sep 22 2008 	Very nice stay	I stayed at this hotel for five days in September with my boyfriend. We had a room on the third floor, which turned out to be of the perfect size for two people (may even be considered big for London standards; bear in mind that in some hotels you have to jump over the other person in order to be able to get into your bed side, I've seen the pictures). The bathroom was small, but perfectly functional and didn't give you a feeling of being cramed. I've been in hotels with bigger bathrooms but where you almost couldn't use the toilet without bumping against the sink.When it comes to cleaning, I give it a 5/5. When we came back in the evening we found our bed made and the bathroom incredibly clean. No traces of water or soap in the sink, the toilet, or the bath. The staff was also very friendly and helpful, don't hesitate to ask them for help. Whether you need a plug adapter, you're wondering where you could eat out, or you'd like them to keep your luggage because your plane leaves late in the afternoon or at night.Breakfast was okay. They have a little buffet (there is not much to choose from, but you can find the basics: cereal, fruit, bread, juices and pastries) and you can then order English Breakfast (an egg, a sausage, mushrooms, bacon and tomatoes). You can also order some toast, but they only give between three and four half slices per person. In my case, this was a bit of a problem, because I like to eat toast for breakfast and I don't like having and English breakfast, and I always ended up wanting some more toast. However, I never dared to ask for more, and I conteted myself with the rest of the buffet. The location is great. The street is lovely, full of hotels on both sides, and really close to Paddington Train Station and Underground. I would specially recommend it if you are flying to Heathrow airport, because it's very close to it and well communicated with the sights of London.The only downsides were the following: our bathroom door and the creacking floorboards. The bathroom door didn't close properly (it looked like the door's wood had expanded too much) although once inside you didn't get the feeling that the door was open. When in comes to the floorborads, they were covered in carpet, but when you moved inside the room you could hear them creacking. No big deal, but you could also hear the ones above you, which can be annoying if you're trying to sleep (or even more annoying if they wake you up). Overall, we had a very enjoyable stay. Be sure to check their website to get a good deal, and consider booking in advance. We payed a total of 500 pounds approx. for five nights (including breakfast) which is not expensive taking into account the hotel is in London (and all the hotel's facilities: safe, 24 hour entry, central location, etc.)	
Sep 19 2008	Perfect stay!	Darlingron Hyde Park Hotel is the perfect hotel for everyone who wants a hotel with a perfect location, excellent staff, perfectly clean room, free breakfast and a boss with an amazing english accent! Our room(s) were taken care of by roomservice every day and they always left the room in excellent shape! The bedroom was on the backside of the hotel so we were never bodered by noise from the street or any of the other rooms for that sake. Our bathroom had a tube, a huge mirror and was very clean. Our &quot;livingroom&quot; had tea making facilities (of course, were in England!) TV with DVD player, bathrobes, fridge, security deposit box and a very comfortable sofa. We loved the place! The only downside was that we never wanted to leave it to go out! However, it was fantastic to come back to!The location is great, Paddington metro station is just around the corner and so is Lancaster gate metro station. It is also a relatively short walk to Oxford street, only a couple of kilometers.The staff was great, helpful with everything and they were always there. Especially liked the man with the english accent, great to hear an accent like that!The best of all was perhaps the price, we paid 630£ for four nights in a suite! That is very good for a hotel like this in the middle of London!All in all, we loved the place, recommed it for everyone and will of course stay there the next time we are in London!	
Sep 17 2008 	Great Hotel 	My husband and I stayed here for two nights in September. We chose The Darlington because of it's location (we wanted to be close to The West End), price and the good reviews on Trip Advisor - we weren't disappointed.We booked an 'executive room' and were given Room 102 which was on the first floor and had two huge windows looking out over the street. The room was a good size, had a comfortable bed, flat screen tv ( the volume is set not to go over a certain point which is good for your neighbours), a fridge (with complimentary mineral waters) , a small security safe and lovely clean bathroom. We liked that we could open the huge sash windows to help cool the room down too - there is no air conditioning but a fan is provided which was more than adequate.Breakfast was downstairs in their basement 'conservatory' breakfast room - all very clean and staff very efficient. There is plenty to eat - cereals, fresh fruit, juices, te/coffee &amp; toast and of course the full english which was really quite enjoyable. We filled up with breakfast both days and this more or less did us until our dinner in the evening (on this point - you must try The Big Easy BBQ &amp; Crab Shack on the King's Road - delicious!) .Reception staff were very polite whenever we saw them, so no complaints there.Location is just great, Paddington station is just around the corner, only a few minutes walk to the Hotel. The tube is a LOT better than I remember it (last used it about 20 years ago) and using it makes everywhere so handy.We're coming back to London again next year and will most certainly book in with The Darlington Hotel again - we thoroughly enjoyed our stay there.	
Sep 12 2008 	A real little gem near Paddington	Two day stay at a hotel that we have not visited before. As with many city hotels unfortunately, we approached it with some trepidation expecting it to be over-priced and grubby round the edges. It was in fact really excellent - clean, secure, extremely well situated, good breakfast and spotless throughout. It was a little gem and highly recommended. Well done to the management and staff.	
Sep 8 2008 	Great Place to Stay	This review is a little late but we are considering our next trip in 2009 and wanted to see if the Darlington was still highly rated. Consistency of service is a critical factor to us in determining whether to return and stay.In short this hotel represents excellent value for money. Great location, comfortable, reasonably modern, clean and functional appointments. Service was professional and importantly responsive to our requests. Highlights were the included English breakfast and the economical pay laundry. We will stay again!!	
Sep 4 2008 	Disappointing	Given the great reviews for this hotel on TripAdvisor I was expecting a pleasant stay, however there are some things you should know before staying at this hotel.The location was fine. Nothing special, but fairly convenient if you like the Paddington area.The room size is decent for London. However the rooms are dated and very worn out. The bathroom wasn't very clean and the shower in particular was terrible. Breakfast was fine, but I wouldn't bother with it if you're staying there and can get a cheaper rate without it.The service was decidedly average (except for one new staff member). We had several less than helpful encounters with the staff, but it was trying to get the internet working that really sticks out in my mind. Given I've paid up to 20 euro per night for wifi, and the fact I needed it that night, it became a significant factor in my choice of hotels. When I arrived I could not get a connect out to the net. I worked out that their wifi extender could not get a link to their main router. I called front desk who repeatedly told me the problem was on my end. I was able to connect to their main router fine when I took my laptop down the hall, so I knew this just was not true - plus I could SEE the wifi extender with my own eyes (a Netgear model I am familiar with) and it was blinking red to show it had lost its link. Nobody at the hotel had any idea what was wrong, or how to fix it, but worse, they did not make any effort to fix it, suggesting instead that I sit in the lobby to use the Internet. Another guest was having wifi issues and I witnessed them blaming him as well -- and I had to go show them they were wrong!I would not stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 3 2008 	comfortable but....	It's very near to two subway stations.In paddington station,u can find two super markets inside.Very close to hyde park.Nice breakfast,good location,friendly staff.But u have to be ready to hear the cracking sound from the floor above.Also it could be quite noisy from the street,and from the ppl walking on the street.Price is not cheap....but hard to find a good and cheap hotel in london with this good location.	
Sep 3 2008 	An excelent place to stay	Stayed in the Darlington Hyde Park Hotel with my family (my wife, me and three children) in the begining of August for 5 nights, had the chance to find out why everyone who stayed there writes so many good things about this hotel. Everything was excellent, especially the staff. It’s a hotel, that must be recommended.	
Aug 29 2008	Looking forward to returning	We stayed 5 nights at the Darlington and everything lived up to our expectations: the service at the reception (they even asked our opinion on the last day) and at breakfast (they always came to ask our order as soon as we arrived). As far as breakfast was concerned, there was plenty of variety both in the Continental breakfast - Danish pastries, yoghurt, three types of cereals, fruit, three types of bread and toast - and in the English breakfast (made to order) - eggs, bacon, mushrooms and sausages.We have stayed in much smaller rooms while paying more than at the Darlington. There was plenty of space to go round without bumping into the furniture. There was a long top, with the flat screen TV (12 channels: 5 terrestrial and 7 cable, including films and sports), a lamp, and tea- and coffee-making facilities with an electric kettle. There were also three chairs and a proper coffee table, besides a surface to open up our suitcase. We particularly appreciated the fridge (stocked with two bottles of water for our arrival) and the spacious wardrobe - two years ago we stayed in a hotel which didn't have an actual wardrobe, which is a problem considering we are somewhat addicted to shopping and end up bringing a lot of bags to the room. There was also a safe.Another important thing for me, travelling with my elderly mother, who has difficulty falling asleep, was that we were given a room at the back and almost at the top (room 300), so it was very quiet. The beds were very comfortable and there were extra pillows.Last but not least (actually, a determining factor for us), hygiene: the floor was always vacuumed (sometimes I'm not very careful and there are some crumbs), the bathroom was spotless with remnants of detergent in the toilet, fresh soap, bath gel, shampoo and towels (three small ones and two large ones). A shower cap was also provided as well as a hairdryer. Besides, the water pressure in the bath was perfect.We enjoyed the location: leafy Sussex Gardens - a five-minute walk to Paddington Tube and Train Station, buses 7, 15 and 23 almost on our doorstep.We have stayed in many London hotels over the years, all of them much more expensive, and we rarely left a hotel with the feeling that we were looking forward to return as soon as possible.	
Aug 13 2008	Great hotel for anyone	Everybody should visit to stay in Darlington hotel, I do recommend it.	
Aug 12 2008 	manage your expectations	This is a very good hotel, as long as you know what to expect. It is on a street where many town homes have been converted to hotels like this. I believe that this is one of the better ones. It is very clean and well kept. The breakfast is exceptionally good. But don't expect larger rooms or much beyond the basics. One amenity that I found to be very useful, was the laundry facility. You don't see that much in European hotels. The location is okay, near Paddington Station. If I had to choose a location again, I would prefer a location further south for the usual tourist attractions.	
Aug 2 2008	comfortable and central	We stayed here for 4 nights. The hotel was comfortable; the room was small and the bed okay, but the best thing is the breakfast which is cooked for you. This hotel is a good base for getting around London and there is a good selection of eating places around the hotel. Not the best hotel I have been in but okay for a few nights in the city.	
Jul 21 2008 	Not great but pretty good.	This is one of a series of hotels on the same street that used to be Victorian homes. It is one of the nicer. The room was nice, but small. The bed was very comfortable. We unfortunately didn't have much of a view. The breakfast was included in the rate and was pretty tasty. The staff for the most part was great, especially the servers during breakfast. The location is great, just down from Paddington Station and from a tour bus stop. I highly recommend those if it's your first time in London. Hyde Park is just up the street.	
Jul 21 2008 	Loved the Darlington	Yes, if you want a spotless clean hotel with very helpful and efficient staff in a fabulous location, this is the place to stay. We just loved the Darlington. We stayed in London for 4 days prior to a tour and booked a suite which gave us plenty of room to relax. Well worth the extra cost. This was one of the few hotels I really couldn't fault in the 4 weeks we were in the UK and Ireland - the floors did squeak a bit, but there were so many extras that were just part of the deal. It's only 1 block from Paddington Station and you are able to walk there with suitcases quite easily, not to mention the great location for shopping, particularly in Oxford Street. Our 2nd stay on our return was just as good. A freshly cooked breakfast was also included, as well as the opportunity to use the laundry. A great place to stay.	
Jul 13 2008 	It's true...a very nice hotel!	This property worked well for our family of four, in the family room at the back of the ground floor. Spacious room, and quiet setting. Breakfast was very good, with a variety of foods. Our major complaint was that the twin bed and sofa bed used by our teen daughters were not at all comfortable. Convenient location, with just a short walk to the Tube and train to Heathrow or Windsor. We found much more attractive dinner options walking toward Lancaster Gate, rather than Paddington.	
Jul 10 2008 	Great hotel friendly staff	We stayed her for 5 nights in June and found the staff very helpful and friendly. The rooms where clean and breakfast very nice.Great location to Paddington station and walking distance to Oxford St.Would stay her again.	
Jul 9 2008 	Loved it as much as the first time!	We recently returned from a 13 night stay at the Darlington. There were 6 in our travel party. We stayed in the triple twin room #3 and the family room #5. Both rooms were well equiped, clean, and comfortable. We had stayed in room 3 before and room 5 was new to us. We loved room 5. It is a 2 bedroom room. You enter into a twin room and there is a double room in the back. Both rooms have a tv and the windows open to a small courtyard.The breakfast room was as good as we remembered. The staff was new but very pleasant.The reception staff went above and beyond on a couple of occasions. First my son tried to wash his clothes not understanding that it would take a lot longer than here at home. Since we had to leave for the theatre, a staff member volunteered to take them out when they were done and have them at the front desk for him when we returned. The second occasion was when we left London and had plans to rent a car. I accidently grabbed the wrong passport out of our room safe. My passport was necessary to make the rental. The front desk staff member went to my room and retrieved my passport out of the safe, faxed it to the rental agency, and returned my passport to the safe.We absolutely love the Darlington and will definitely return for a third stay!	
Jul 1 2008 	Great Economical Hotel	If you are looking for a great hotel located near Paddington Station, this is the place! Very clean, nice rooms, quiet, helpful staff and a fabulous breakfast! The hotel is situated on a boulevard with beautiful trees and lovely old buildings. It's close to the tube, bus and within walking distance of Hyde Park. I would definitely stay here again!	
Jul 1 2008 	Highly recommend	As a solo female traveller I think The Darlington was the perfect hotel to stay at during my time in London...Firstly, it is very easy to locate. Catch the Hawthorw express train from the airport to Paddington Station &amp; you can either walk or catch a cab to the hotel as it's around the corner. I took a cab because of my suit case, it was only 4pounds.Secondly, it was very secure. There is a security lock on both the front door &amp; also on the door to exit the lobby to access the rooms.The staff where friendly enough and breakfast was good. The room was clean &amp; tidy &amp; I enjoyed a good night sleep. At times, I could hear the footsteps from upstairs, but this didn't cause me to lose any sleep.The location itself, Sussex Gardens, is perfect &amp; with Paddington station around the corner, it is extremely convenient to hop on the tube to get around town . Very easy, even for me. All up would highly recommend it.	
Jun 27 2008 	Reliably comfortable	It's quite difficult to find a London hotel for around 150 pounds which has a good location and is clean, attractive and welcoming. The Darlington has, and this was my second stay.Sussex Gardens is convenient for Paddington, Hyde Park and Edgware Road, but not too busy and traffic noise was not a problem. The room was clean, with a kettle and flat-screen TV, a clean comfortable bed and a moderately comfortable chair.Breakfast choice and quality was good and the eggs cooked to order. I would stay here again.	
Jun 23 2008 	A real find!	My son and I spent 4 nights at the Darlington. We checked out Tripadvisor ( as we always do) to find a hotel within our budget and were surprised to see the Darlington in the top 30 of 1030 London Hotels. Could this be too good to be true?We booked direct with the hotel and the phone conversation was swiftly backed up by a friendly e-mail confirming the details of our conversation and the rate ( which was described as discounted and was indeed less than we had expected)We arrived at the hotel - 5 minutes walk from Paddington Station - at about midday. There is a door entry system. I annouced who I was and the receptionist greeted my by my first name and sounded genuinely delighted that we were there. We left our bags and went off to explore . When we came back our room was ready - and our bags had been taken to our room ( I have stayed at 5* hotels where that did not happen).The room was a good size. The bathroom was small but perfectly adequate. As other reviewers pointed out there is no air conditioning ( I have never stayed in hotel in London where there has been effective airconditioning if there is any at all! It's just one of those things) but the windows do open and there was a fan provided. Breakfast was great - just enough choice and the hot food was cooked to order.The location is excellent. I have been to London many times and this time I felt I found a part of the city that had been shut off from the hustle and bustle with quiet mews lanes full of flowers just round the corner but with easy access to the main transport routes - tube, train and bus.For me the reason this hotel stands out is the quality of the staff and their approach to their guests.	
Jun 23 2008 	Great Location	The Darlington Hotel is in a great location. It is a 5 minute walk to Paddington station, so if you arrive by air at Heathrow, it's just a 15 min non-stop train trip via the Heathrow Express to Paddington station. The rooms are very clean and comfortable, with modern bathrooms. There is a lift and quests can use the hotel laundry for a small fee (however the dryers dont work too well took ages to dry clothes).The breakfast which was included in the tarrif was substantial and delicious. There is a buffet with the usual cereals and fruit, croussants, pastries and you can also order a freshly cooked breakfast of eggs done any way with or without bacon sausage tomato and mushrooms. There is also tea and coffee.There are many cafes nearby we especially liked the Indian one.The hotel is within walking distance to Hyde Park. There is a bus stop outside and the station neaby makes it very easy to get around.Would recommend this hotel however the staff at the front desk could be a little more friendly. The breakfast staff were friendly but I don't think I saw the girls at the front desk smile the whole time we were there.	
Jun 21 2008 	Excellent staff location and room size N breakfast	My husband and I stayed in Room 12 from 13 - 15 June 08. At first, we felt very worried that our room located on the ground floor which would be very noise; fortunately, it is not...the street on the evening and the morning is very quiet with fresh air and sunny sky.They served hot breakfast and the waitress there were very polite, just like those in 5-stars hotel. The receptionist, Ms Katerina and Jill was a very nice and charming lady who helped us a lot on searching the way to go outside and to the airport..they even helped us to reserve the taxi to Heathrow airport as well. The location was excellent, close to Paddington station which was just less than 5 mins walk...a lot of restaurants nearby...safe to walk on the evening and early morning.....you can take the express to the airport as well...besides, just 2 stops away from the flea market......definittely we will stay there again and recommend all our friends in HK, Tokyo and Canada	
Jun 20 2008 	A Perfect Sanctuary	We just returned from a month in Europe spending a total of 8 nights at the Darlington in three passes through London. Once again it has met every one of our expectations. Friendly, helpful staff, spacious and clean rooms, as well as great location. It is highly recommended in every way.	
Jun 12 2008	Comfortable West End hotel	My daughter and I just got back to Canada from a vacation in the UK and stayed at the Darlington Hyde Park for three nights (Sat June 7 through Mon June 9, 2008). I must have spent hours reviewing London hotel websites to try and find one that would fit both my budget and my standards. I chose the Darlington Hyde Park largely on the excellent reviews it has received - I don't think there was even one bad review. This could not be said of any of the many other hotels that I reviewed. I booked directly with the hotel by phone initially and also corresponded with them via email. All communication I had with the hotel was always professional, helpful and friendly and they responded back to my emails within a matter of hours. The hotel is situated not far from Hyde Park and Oxford Street, which is a very nice west end part of London. I also chose it as it was only 5 mins from Paddington Station so we could walk there to catch the Heathrow Express for our return trip. Our room was very clean and nicely furnished and the ensuite bathroom with shower was excellent. We had a twin room on the third floor (elevator is available) and our view was of the courtyard at the back of the hotel - nice and quiet so no problems sleeping. The hearty full english breakfast which was offered in addition to cereal or fruit etc., was a great way to start the day and kept us going as we toured around this wonderful city. Top marks to the Darlington Hyde Park - you made our visit all the more memorable. I will recommend this hotel to all of my friends. Thank you!Patricia	
Jun 11 2008 	Generally pleased with this hotel	I had two nights here while on a work-related trip in London. The location is good, well connected to public transport. The hotel is well presented for a small tourist hotel - the rooms are clean and nicely decorated, the staff were pleasant and helpful, the breakfast offered quite a good selection (the cooked food is done to order which is great). The rooms have an in-room safe, tea/coffee making facilities and a small fridge (with complimentary mineral water when you arrive, although this is not replenished on subsequent days). The bathroom with my room was small but the bath was fantastic and the shower worked very well. There is no restaurant or bar at the hotel although you can purchase a limited range of beer and wine at the front desk. But there is a good range of restaurants nearby. A couple of oddities - there is a charge for extra towels should you need them (I've never come across this in a hotel before in any part of the world) and while the wifi is free in the rooms, the connectivity is rather poor which means working with your laptop in the lobby. I was only checking e-mails so that was no problem but if you needed to work more extensively it could be a challenge! My main problem was that my room was above (or near) the kitchen and from about 6.00 am I could hear kitchen noise - staff voices and a 'thrumming' from what I imagine were the extractor ducts conveniently positioned outside my room. So if you are a light sleeper, avoid room 16! The other thing is that there is no air conditioning and I'm not sure that the small portable fans that are provided would be sufficient in the event of a hot summer night ... and they do still happen in London! Despite this, very good value for money in what is a very expensive city and I'd happily stay here again for a short stay.?	
Jun 9 2008 	Still a great choice for value and location in London	My wife and I stayed at the Darlington on our first visit to London in october 2005 and did not hesitate in returning on our second visit in April 2008. The location is perfect for two reasons. Firstly, if you arrive by air at Heathrow, it's just a 20 min non-stop train trip via the Heathrow Express to Paddington station then less than a 5 min walk to the Darlington. Secondly, our room was spacious (by European standards), clean and well equiped. The rate was very good by London standards and the location perfect for visiting the sights of the city. The Darling will be my first choice when I return to London (hopefully!).	
Jun 2 2008 	not bad in a pricy town	Not a bad hotel for the price in light of the UK exchange rate and the cost of hotels in London. Pretty small rooms but clean and tidy, close to the tube and the Heathrow express, breakfast not bad.	
Mar 30 2008 	We'll be back!	We stayed a week at the Darlington, and loved it. It was a multigenerational family trip. The lift made it easy for the 84 year old, and the teenager quickly learned to find his way around the neghborhood. It was an easy walk to the underground, and buses were available nearby.We especially loved the super friendly and helpful staff. The rooms were spotless and comfortable. The breakfast was good, and had enough options so as not to be boring after a week.There are a number of restaurants and pubs in the area, and several grocery stores nearby. We will definitely stay there on our next trip to London!	
Mar 28 2008 	Great hotel...convenient location	I decided to book the darlington based on the many positive reviews on tripadvisor.com. The hotel is in a great location, literally round the corner from paddington station which we used for the underground through central london. The hotel itself is very clean,comfortable and the staff were pleasant and helpful. I booked for the half price easter offer, with two nights in a twin room costing £184. I would gladly stay here again and recommend the hotel to anyone having a city break in london.	
Mar 19 2008 	Convenient – Clean – Comfortable	We are a family of four that stayed at the Darlington Hyde Park between March 7 and March 15, 2008. We had room 15, which is a “family” suite on the ground floor. This hotel was recommended by my sister who has with her family stayed there more than once. Between her recommendation, and the collective view of other TripAdvisor reviewers, I had high expectations, and I’m glad to say that they were met. That said, North Americans in particular should be aware that this is not the Marriott, or the Hilton, and doesn’t pretend that it is. It is actually closer to a bed and breakfast. Part of the attraction of this hotel was its proximity to Paddington Station, which itself is easily accessible from Heathrow via express train, as well as being an Underground Station, from which you can access any point in the city quite easily. Hotel is within walking distance of both Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens. Rooms themselves are on the small side. The family suite has two bedrooms, one with a double bed and one with two singles. The “double bed” room looks out back – not much view there, but it’s quiet. The other room looks out on the main road, but traffic noise is muffled by hedgerow. Beware – sometimes smokers from this or adjoining hotels gather outside and have long conversations when you are ready to turn in. The rooms were also on the stuffy side, especially if you keep the doors closed. Being March this wasn’t a problem for us, but in summer I imagine it could be quite a problem for some. Another thing I’ll note is the lack of storage space. I did note that the hotel had a lift which would help physically challenged guests avoid the rather narrow staircases. Rooms, including the bathroom, were maintained very well and we never had reason to complain about cleanliness. Both rooms had modern TVs and one had a DVD player. My wife, who often has difficulties sleeping when we travel had no problems doing so here. We were impressed by the breakfast offered to guests. Not just “continental” but “English”. Not a huge choice of items but so what? I should also point out that all staff, whether in the restaurant, the front desk or housekeeping, were uniformly friendly. There are quite a lot of local restaurants – the hotel provides a guide based on guest feedback. Helpful especially when you’ve just arrived. We were very satisfied with our stay at the Darlington and would not hesitate to use it again. Nor do we have any “reservations” about recommending it to others.	
Mar 16 2008 	Fine Hotel	I stayed in the hotel for one night. I was on my own and so was allocated a single room. The room was well equipped and very comfortable. It was also very quiet and so, even though I am a light sleeper, I had a good night's sleep. Breakfast next morning was excellent (I opted for the full English which practically kept me going all day).The staff were uniformly pleasant. When I arrived the gentleman at reception was particularly helpful in recommending a couple of local pubs for meals. All in all a very good experience and it would be my hotel of choice when next visiting London. It is only a few minutes walk from Paddington Station and the area is very safe day or night. Highly recommended.	
Mar 11 2008 	Great hotel!	We stayed at the Darlington from the 2nd to the 5th of March 2008 and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The hotel is conveniently located - very close to paddington station and hyde park.It's well looked after and was very clean.Breakfast was great! A choice of full English, continental or both - a fantastic start to a day of sightseeing!All the staff were friendly and very helpfull.Our room (200) was spacious and spotless!I would definately stay here again and would not hesitate to recomend it to my friends!	
Mar 10 2008 	A wise choice	An excellent experience, hotel was welcoming, spotless, staff efficient ,friendly and helpful. The bed room was a good size every thing worked and it was well equipped and the bed was very comfortable, to cap it all the breakfast was excellent well served in a nice breakfast room. We would certainly stay there again. Alan and Margaret Norton-on-Tees	
Mar 9 2008 	Good value for London clean comfortable and well located	We stayed here for nearly two weeks during February and were very comfortable. The hotel was sparkling clean, the room a reasonable size (for London), bathrooms good, and the staff very obliging. If you are looking for a four star luxury hotel, with a swimming pool, bar, restaurant, etc, this is not the hotel for you. However if you want good value, a good central location, and a bit of character, the Darlington is ideal. I am not sure what it would be like in summer; it was heated but did not seem to be air conditioned (and we always open a window in any case), so check if that is an issue for you. We had a room on the top (4th) floor, well above the street and entrance noise. This area of London (near Paddington station and Hyde Park) has a lot of hotels but not many are as good as the Darlington. There are a number of restaurants in the area and the hotel gave us a very helpful guide to some within easy walking distance.	
Mar 5 2008 	Great base for exploring....	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights in February and thought it was fine. It was a great base for exploring London, the nearest tube station is about 5-10mins walk. There are lots of places to eat around the hotel as well if you don't fancy central london at night! Also you can bring food back into the hotel with you if you don't want to eat out.Breakfast isn't superb although there is the choice of an english breakfast or continental breakfast and the staff don't object to you loading up on things like fruit for the day. The english breakfast does leave a lot to be desired, I got the impression the hotel was owned by non-english people or at least the cook wasn't english!!Staff are all very friendly although only the hotel manager was english so we did occasionally have some trouble making ourselves understood.The only downside was the bathroom. The rooms are a fairly good size for London but the bathroom was tiny. I am a size 8 and I struggled to sit on the toilet!! The toilet was also by a towel radiator so if you were sat there for more than 2mins you actually began to overheat!Other than that, the whole thing suited us perfectly. We got a good deal through booking.com. Wouldn't pay the normal hotel prices.	
Mar 5 2008 	Small friendly hotel	We spent 3 nights at the Darlington and were very happy with the service there. Our room was quite small but modern and overlooked a small unattractive courtyard but it was very clean and comfortable. In fact I was particularly impressed with the standard of cleanliness. It was also very quiet. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, especially at breakfast. The breakfast was served in a small, bright room in the basement and was excellent. Lots of different food to choose from, both hot and cold. The location is great for Paddington Station and Hyde Park - just a 5 min walk to both and lots of restaurants and pubs nearby.All in all, I would have no hesitation in recommending the Darlington if you are looking for a small, quiet hotel.	
Feb 12 2008 	Home away from home	After reading a number of great reviews about The Darlington, it was easy to make the decision on where to stay in London. We spent 5 wonderful nights, and throughly enjoyed our stay at The Darlington. Our room was great (although a little small) with a full bathroom ensuite. Everything was spotless. We asked for a room away from the basement, and got a room on the top floor and even though it faced the street, we didn't find it very noisy. Breakfasts were great- a good selection and plenty to eat! My husband loved the cooked English breakfasts!The staff were most obliging and nothing was to much trouble. We couldn't believe how close it was to Paddigton station - a real bonus - less than a 5 min walk.We were sorry to leave, and will definitely be staying at The Darlington on our next trip to London.	
Feb 11 2008 	Excellent ... Clean ... Tidy .... Friendly	As per title - Excellent ... Clean ... Tidy .... Friendly.For a short stay in London it was perfect, an excellent location with very friendly staff. I wouldn't hesitate to go back.	
Feb 6 2008 	Hidden gem	Stayed in this area before but at different hotel. The hotel was clean and staff friendly. Room good size.Great base to explore London from although this visit was a business trip.Would use hotel again especially if available at £99 per night inc breakfast.Well done for making the stay such a pleasant one.	
Feb 2 2008 	Much nicer than previous hotels for same price	No complaints. Good size room with above average facilities, e.g. safe and fridge. Seperate bathroom and not in the plastic &quot;pod&quot; style.Plenty of cupboard space, shelving and surfaces i.e. places to put things instead of living out of cases and bags. Clean and nicely furnished. Good location, Hyde Park and Marble Arch 5-10 minutes.Breakfast served to table and mostly cooked to order with choices. Quiet and private.	
Jan 21 2008 	Quiet and restful	Spent four nights in Dec 07 and had a small, but comfortable room at the back with good bathroom facilities. Very peaceful: no street noise or passage/lift noise. Also had an excellent view of the London Eye from the bed at night.Good breakfast with excellent options and very friendly service in the restaurant and front desk. Very convenient to Paddington tube and station and would definitely consider staying again.	
Jan 16 2008 	Back again	After having stayed at this hotel with my husband in 2006, we decided to return for a short city break together with my mother-in-law.The location is very good, either if you intent to use public transport or walk. Morelli's ice-cream fix was a mere 15-20 minutes' stroll through Hyde Park! I was a bit concerned when I read previous comments about kerb-crawlers, but I must admit we never saw any, even in the evening.The rooms were perfectly suited for purpose, with all amenities and good bathrooms. Breakfast was freshly prepared and filling.A great thank-you to the staff, who were very courteous and helpful at all times. And a special mention for the maid(s?) who carefully arranged our panda travelling companion on the bed every day!There's a good selection of places to eat close by. I would highly recommend Satay House, a Malaysian restaurant two streets away, who serve delicious food (and the price is good, too).Overall, an ideal place for Central London.	
Jan 12 2008 	Pleased with the Darlington	Stayed at the Darlington for one night on the 24th June as I had booked a meal at Claridges for my birthday and wanted a hotel nearby. The Darlington was the cheapest option within a 10 min taxi ride and it was good value for London. We paid £99 which also included breakfast which was a proper fry-up where we could chose what we wanted.Our room was decenlty sized, on the first floor with a lrage window overlooking the main street. Bathroom was also quite big, again with a lrage window facing the street.One word of warning - the taxi driver who took us there was saying that the local police had recently clamped down on kerb-crawlers in the street and one of the working girls had defied this by standing on the tiny traffic island in the middle of the street - this turned out to be directly outside the hotel (see pic), however we didn't see any activity during our stay.I would recommend the Darlington for it's convenience and price. We left our luggage there on the Sunday and went for a walk through Hyde Park and a visit to Kensington Palace.	
Dec 19 2007 	Great London hotel	Excellent place to stay. Great staff..very clean.. good breakfast...maybe a little noisy in the front rooms at times if the windows are wide open.. six weeks in europe and this had the best bathroom.. an actual bath.. very clean. Close to Paddington station (5 mins) with direct train to Heathrow airport. Some ok restaurants and good pubs close by. Will stay here again	
Dec 14 2007 	Mixed feelings...	I stayed at the hotel for two nights this same week.The hotel is clean and seems to have gone through a refurbishment not very long ago and it shows, everything shines :)The entrance is nice and well lit at night too, (considering it's a house converted to a hotel) which I think is important :)The hotel staff was nice and breakfast was fine, nothing special, but OK. (No ham, cheese or buffet if you want to know) The only two cons...wifi was terrible! I stayed at the 3rd floor and it did not work at all. Only once did I manage to connect briefly to get my emails (I was on a business trip). I explained this to the receptionist and she told me that wifi's coverage on the 3rd and 4th floor was not very good, so be warned! She suggested me to come to the lobby to check them there...fine idea, but not with all my papers and my work stuff!The second issue was that the showers water pressure was literally non existant, very little water came out, probably again because it was the third floor. Be careful with room 304! Otherwise, it is very well located and very very convenient if you come from Heathrow with the Heathrow Express that arrives in Paddington. The hotel is approx. 3 blocks away from the station.To end my small essay, I'm not sure if I would stay here again...the hotel is nice and I would definitely recommend it for anybody on holidays, but if you're on a business trip and need internet access, check with the hotel to see if the wifi is OK!!	
Dec 12 2007 	Very pleasant stay	Stayed there with my Mom and sister. The rooms were clean and service impeccable. Location also great as very close to the metro station. Had a very nice stay overall and would definately stay there again.	
Dec 12 2007 	Pleasant stay	I have had three pleasant stays at the Darlington. The hotel is very clean, and the staff are friendly. The rooms are small (to be expected in a London hotel), but comfortable. It is a great value for the price, an excellent location and a comfortable, if not luxurious, stay. The breakfast buffet is fairly well stocked, and the cooked breakfast is a good version of the &quot;full English breakfast&quot;. Two notes 1) the rooms do not have AC and can be stuffy, small fans are provided and the windows all functioned, 2) the street side can be a bit noisy with the windows open, however, London is an early-to-bed town, and the noise dies down before 11pm.	
Nov 27 2007 	A Brilliant Little Hotel	We stayed at the Darlington Hyde Park for 3 nights in November. We were really happy with the hotel, it was quiet, clean and modern. The staff were very friendly, particularly the staff serving breakfast. Breakfast was great, a good selection and the cooked breakfast was lovely. Our room itself was small however contained everything we needed. I particularly liked the local restaurant guide leaflet which was in our guest directory and with the hotel's recommendation, we had a lovely meal out one night. The hotel is near to both Lancaster Gate and Paddington underground stations, Paddington is a 5 minute walk. The location is nice, on a tree lined street and is picturesque in autumn. I would definitely return to the Darlington.	
Nov 27 2007 	What a great hotel :-)	After reading all the great things about this hotel, my wife and me had to try it for our selfsAnd we weren't disappointed!We were staying in Lon don for 4 days, and iyt was all superThe location is a 5 min. walk to Paddington were you can catch a tube to everywere.The reception very friendly and helpful.The room quite big (stayed in dobble room) and nice bathroom. It was very clean and if you needed anything, the staff was also very helpfulThe breakfast wich is included in the price was freshly cooked and nicely presented.For a budget hotel in London this was a joy to stay in, and if we are going to London again, we are going to stay in The Darlingtons	
Nov 24 2007 	Highly recommended!	I've had a previous stay at the Darlington in 2005 when I travelled alone. My husband and I needed somewhere to stay the night before our flight out of Heathrow but we'd left it til a few days before to book.I rang around several hotels but the price jumps up considerably for a one night booking at short notice. In the end we chose the Darlington, despite the price, as I was so happy with my previous visit.On checking in the staff apologized for the high price but they were almost booked out. With only 2 rooms left, they gave us a suite for the price of our double room booking. It was a lovely bonus.The hotel is secure, clean, well cared for. The room was great and thelocation hard to beat. We walked from Paddington station easily, even with our luggage in tow.Breakfast at the Darlington is in the basement breakfast room - good choice of continental or hot breakfast cooked to order. Excellent considering it was included in the room rate.They gladly stored our luggage for the day.I know where I'll be staying next time I'm in London.	
Nov 23 2007 	Great priced hotel	Excellent value for money. Receptionist Teele very helpful after i had lost my card. Twin room we stayed in was excellent, fridge was a bonus and so was the fan. Very comfortable beds. The breakfast which was included was great too. Security measures in place all over.Around the corner from Paddington tube which was a bonus.Would definatley reccommend and use again when in London again.Keep up the high standards and people will flock.	
Nov 21 2007	Good location great people	After reading dozens of reviews of budget priced London hotels I decided that the Darlington was worth a try, and I wasn't disappointed. The staff are simply wonderful, very eager to help and offer whatever advice they can. The location is great, a charming street that's a five minute walk from Paddington station. The rooms are basic but very clean and good value for the average rate. And the breakfast was pretty good, again with outstanding service. The only annoying point is that the lift is very slow, but I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Nov 20 2007 	A wonderful small hotel	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Darlington for 7 nights at the end of October. I selected this hotel because a friend &amp; I stayed there last year. The Darlington really did seem like a &quot;home away from home&quot;. The staff members are friendly and helpful, Our room was immaculately clean. The breakfast room is warm and cheerful and we started the day with a cooked to order full breakfast. Paddinton Station is 2 blocks away. This gives you access to the tube and your just a few minutes away from all the sights.It's a lovely, small hotel with friendly and helpful staff. We had a great stay!!!!!	
Nov 20 2007 	One of the best	This is one of if not the nicest hotel that we have stayed at in London, especially at this price. We had a really good sized bedroom on the second floor, which was really clean and looked as though it had been recently refurbished. The breakfast in the morning was freshly cooked and well presented. The staff were all really helpful and pleasant. We will definitely go back if we are staying in that part of London again.	
Nov 19 2007	Don't hesitate to book	This hotel has a good location, great cleaning staff, helpful front desk and a bright breakfast room with good food. The rail station, Underground, several restaurants and banks are within 3 to 4 blocks of the hotel. We stayed in two rooms - a triple and a twin - for three nights. The triple was made up of two rooms on the lower level and was quiet but had a queen and a twin instead of three twin beds, as requested. The bathroom was large. The twin room was comfortable but quite noisy due to nonstop traffic along Sussex Gardens. Despite these problems I would recommend this hotel to others and advise them to pack earplugs, to take care of any hotel or city noises.	
Nov 13 2007 	Good Location	Our room was in a private alcove on the ground floor and had a small sitting room.Although the bedroom and bathroom were small by Australian standards it was well appointed and the sitting room added spaciousness. The staff were helpful and the breakfust was good	
Nov 8 2007 	Some great rooms; some not so great	I have stayed in this hotel twice now. On the first stay we had a lovely room on the top floor that was spacious, and bright and airy. It was a delight. On the second, just a few days ago, we had a much smaller, rather dark room with a window that looked out onto a drab wall. In the first case, the rate and what we got for our money was indeed good value and makes the hotel well worth recommending. In the second case, I know that I can get a better room for the money. This hotel seems to have really terrific rooms, and others that are not so nice (basement level, etc.). On the whole, the hotel is consistently clean, staff are friendly, and the location is pretty decent. The areaseems generally pretty safe, but we did note a police sign up just around the corner from the hotel noting a serious &quot;sexual assault&quot; having taken place in October around 10 p.m. on that block, so clearly there is some serious crime in the area. On our previous stay, we noted signs from the police noting prostitution activities in the area. Like everywhere in a major city, caution is advised late at night.Will we return? Probably not as a first choice as there are other similarly-priced hotels around that we think worth checking out.	
Nov 7 2007 	Consistent Excellence at Darlington Hyde Park.	I've stayed at the Darlington on more than ten occasions now, sometimes solo, sometimes with partner / friends. It is without doubt the gem of Sussex Gardens, I've stayed in many different rooms in the hotel, but all unfailingly have the same superb standard of cleanliness. Of course one sometimes overhears others in the corridor, it's a hotel, not your own house, for the love of God !! I've never stayed in a hotel yet where I wasn't aware of other people being there !! Hurrah for the Darlington and its very sweet staff - I never stay anywhere else in town now.	
Nov 6 2007 	Be very wary of the room you are given	We booked this hotel on the reviews and whilst it is in a good location, clean and the staff friendly be very wary of your room. We were given room 14 which is street level , next to the lift (think guests discussing their next meal), near the main entrance door to all rooms (think slamming doors), incredibly noisy floorboards outside your room and you eventually get zero privacy. We asked to be moved to another room, something which we had never done before, and were given room 16 over the kitchen and with the kitchen exhaust outside the window (think banging pots and exhaust kicking into high gear at 6am). As this hotel was one of the more expensive we were not particularly happy with our stay and definitely would not stay in this hotel again unless we could be assured of a room which offered privacy and quiet.	
Nov 6 2007 	Nice Hotel	Everything in the hotel is well organized. The concierge , breakfast and room make-up services are very good and efficient. Staff members are very friendly and helpful, thought the night-shift receptionist is a bit cool. The Wi-Fi provided in the room was fine only that the server was down on the 3rd night. I would like to thank the staff of room make-up service. I checked out at 10:00, returned at 14:00 and found my glass, which was left in the room, packed safely on the top of my luggage. I will definitely stay in this hotel again next time.	
Oct 29 2007 	Great location and rooms	We stayed two nights here - one in a twin room, then a family room.I arrived with my mum on the first night - I had booked a double room in a panic at the last minute. The receptionist kindly offered to change us to a twin room, which was much appreciated after a long day travelling and dealing with Eurostar!We found the reception staff to be a little abrupt, but generally very helpful.The rooms themselves were spotless and very well furnished. The bathrooms were roomy and very nice.The hotel is in a great location, right near Hyde Park and barely 5 minutes walk from Paddington station, where we caught the Heathrow Connect train. The family room was great with two separate bedrooms and a bathroom in between. We only tried the continental breakfast and were very happy with the range available. The staff were friendly and happy to bring more toast and coffee when we asked.	
Oct 29 2007 	Second time and still not disappointed	We have statyed at the Darlington before as a couple, this time we took our two teenage daughters with us and again were not disappointed. We booked two rooms, one which was slightly bigger than the other. Rooms were spotless and cleaned daily. Everything was in good working order. Staff were friendly and helpful , just like last time. Breakfasts were plentiful, they set you up for the day, however they did get a little bland. The only thing I would have to winge about is the beds. They are quite hard, and my husband woke up each morning aching. I will be using the Darlington again when travelling to London. It is very convenient were it is and quite reasonbly priced - we booked with active hotels and it was £95 per room with breakfast per night- which is not bad considering the price of some London hotels.	
Oct 24 2007 	Great for 3 or more but keep the following in mind...	Since many of the other posts provide detailed reviews, I’ll just hit a few points. Although the hotel is great, there are just a few things you should know so that you’re not disappointed when you get there. We had a hard time finding a hotel in London that could accommodate 3 adults. The Darlington was one of the few reasonably priced hotels that offered 3 beds (actually, the only) . I wanted a comfortable, spotless hotel in a convenient location and I’m happy to say that the Darlington did not disappoint. Family Room: We stayed in the family room on the bottom floor. Although the furniture showed a little ware, the room and the bathroom were in fact very, very clean, as was the whole hotel. No dust (even the curtains were freshly cleaned), no funky smells (except the bathroom had a very slight musty smell, I suspect due to its basement location, but that was minor and really not an issue). The room had a lot of natural light and was large enough for 3 adults and all of our suitcases. Breakfast: Everyone seems to say that the food it “brilliant”. Not quite. We only ate a full breakfast once and it was, well, edible. I suppose it’s as “good” as English food gets, and it was free. It was just bland. It was, however, easy to get coffee, juice and toast on your way out. Once again, everything was fresh and clean and they will make your food to order. Word to the wise, if you need Decaf coffee, bring instant. Staff: They always greeted us on our way in and out (it is always nice to be acknowledged), gave us maps and were always helpful. Also, I made my reservation with the hotel directly over the phone, got a great price and had no issues upon confirmation or arrival. I know others have had issues, but overall, they were professional and always available.Beds: Ok, the truth is that they are NOT all that comfortable. Don’t get me wrong, they were heaven after 12 hours of traveling, but if I had any suggestions for the Darlington, I’d say replace the mattresses, and the hotel would be priceless. I still recommend the hotel, and would stay again, but I’ll be prepared to toss and turn a little. Not horrible, but not exactly comfortable either. Location: Quiet; safe; easy access to all of London. I think this is the best value in London. We enjoyed our stay and despite the “eh” food “ouch” mattresses, we would definitely return! I highly recommend this hotel if you’re traveling on a budget or with a large group.	
Oct 22 2007 	Good Hotel	Third time we have stayed here over the last three years, every time the experience has been excellent. The rooms are spotless and comfortable, the staff very helpful, the breakfast good and the area peaceful yet very convenient for all parts of the city. A very good value hotel.	
Oct 19 2007 	What more can you ask for?	What a pleasure. We stayed at this hotel for two nights in order to see a West End show, our experience can only be described as a &quot;Real pleasure&quot; The hotel is within five minutes of Paddington underground station and 15 mins from the West End. The rooms are well equiped, spotlessly clean, and the beds are a pleasure to sleep in. As for the food ie. breakfasts what more can be added to the comments from previous guests - excellent fare and plenty of it! I had wondered as to why no evening meal was available, however not only does the hotel provide an ordering service for take away meals, within 500 yards of the hotel there are any amount of good standard eating places/food pubs.The staff are a delight and nothing seems to be too much trouble; the Manager of this hotel who we never met, is to be congratulated, not only for the high standards of the hotel but also for the selection of the staff who work there.	
Oct 17 2007 	Loved the Hotel Squeaky Floors and All!	We stayed at the Darlington Hyde Park from Oct. 1 through Oct. 8. The room was very clean, the staff was incredibly helpful and friendly. We didn't eat their breakfast, but we found the washer, dryer and iron in the basement very convenient. The shower's water pressure and temperature were perfect. The location is wonderful, just a few minutes' walk from Paddington Station. And the room was surprisingly large -- about twice the size of what we had in Paris! Plus there's an in-room refrigerator (great for storing water bottles) and an in-room safe.The only drawbacks we found were the bed, which was lumpy and slightly uncomfortable; the windows, which didn't close all the way and were difficult to lock; and the floor, which squeaked with every step we took.However, those were minor complaints. We would definitely stay here again. The price was right and we were overall very happy with our visit. Plus there are many restaurants of varying prices (and quality) in the area, and Hyde Park is just a couple blocks down the road!	
Oct 11 2007 	Let down	We booked this hotel after reading the many positive reviews on trip advisor. Unfortunately on this occasion it did not meet the standards previously set. Our major complaint was with customer service - some members of staff were impolite and almost aggressive when presented with problems. In addition there were multiple small problems such as a non-functioning hairdryer in the room, or receiving an unrequested wake up call in the early hours (on talking to other guests this seems to be a common occurence). In addition, in the bathroom there was a distinct smell of mould although it did look spotless. On the good side the hotel was very handy to paddington station. The rooms were a decent size and breakfast was freshly cooked to order.Compared to other London hotels the Darlington is relatively inexpensive but you get what you pay for. Maybe we were just unlucky but personally, I doubt we will be back.	
Oct 11 2007 	Wonderful stay!	We had a wonderful stay at The Darlington. They accommodated our family of 5 in a very comfortable family room. We felt safe and well taken care of. The staff was attentive and friendly. The room was immaculate. The location is close to transportation, restaurants and shops. We will definitely return!	
Oct 8 2007 	Lovely Hotel in London	I've stayed at the Darlington Hyde Park twice now and will definatelyreturn. Last May was my first stay and as I was on my own I opted fora single room #101 at a rate of L69.00. The room was on the second floor and faced out onto the back lane and was very quiet. The room was comfortable for my weeks stay and the fridge was a nice extra. Only complaint was the shower was very narrow and had nowhere to put supplies except on the soap holder. A continential breakfast was provided on my last morning as I had to depart at 6 am.Last stay was September this time a friend and I were traveling and had a twin room #10. We arrived from Gatwick at 9:30 am and as therewas a Breast Cancer run going on the Hyde Park the hotel was jam packed. Reception took our bags and we headed out for the day. Upon our return we checked into #10. #10 is located on the stairs going to the breakfast room and I had visions of being woken up each morning with the first people headed to breakfast. This was not so there was a small vestabule upon entering the room and the bathroom was off to this area and a fire door seperated the bedroom from any traffic noise. The twin room was huge and looked out onto the glass ceiling of the breakfast area. Nice sized bathroom with a tub and lots of room the put out toiletries.Overall I found the Darlington to be very good value with quiet safe rooms, excellent breakfast and great location. I did try many of the resturants listed in the guide and found them all good.During my stays travelled to and from Gatwick Airport, Heathrow Airport, Tower of London, Kensington Palace, Covent Garden area, National Gallery etc all by bus and tube. Transport was so easy and even late after seeing plays never felt unsafe.	
Oct 8 2007 	Great Hotel	We've stayed at a number of hotels in London throughout the years. Many of them, like the Darlington, have been converted Edwardian houses. The Darlington Hyde is the best of that genre of hotel we've stayed in. Clean, nice sized bathroom, never permitted smoking, close to transportation, excellent restaurants in close walking distance, good breakfast, quiet and secure, and attentive staff - couldn't ask for much more than that	
Oct 2 2007	Great location!	Very happy with this hotel. Friendly and accommodating staff, fantastic location - about 100 metres from Paddington underground - easy access from Heathrow and to all London tube stops. Room was spacious (with a great size ensuite). Terrific breakfasts. Would happily stay here again.	
Oct 2 2007 	Small but clean and comfortable	I stayed here for a week in a single room. It was small, but well laid out. More to the point, it was clean, comfortable, and convenient to Paddington Station.Breakfast was included in my rate. It was very well done with eggs cooked to order. Plus you could have as much of the full English breakfast as you desired (not being a fan, I passed on that option) and partake of the cereals, etc. on the continental buffet. Would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 17 2007 	Awesome	Basically we have had the same experience as previously written by other people. We stayed for 2 weeks [taken me a while to write this!! :-)] and really enjoyed our time in London because of where we stayed and had wonderful full English breakfasts to sustain us during long days of walking. The rooms could do with revamping - but they werent too shabby and definitely clean and tidy. For the money paid - it was excellent value for money in a city that is expensive to experience.A big bonus in the friendly staff who dont hestiate to assist guests with their requests.We will definitely stay here again.	
Sep 16 2007 	Recommended to all	We used Tripadvisor to hunt out the best hotel in our price range and the 'Darlington' came out as the best option, and we weren't surprised. Although the approach isn't all that promising, surrounded as it by some very average accommodation, the Darlington is a very good hotel.We had a four night stay for a break in London and we found the hotel very appealing.The staff were very helpful on arrival. We arrived well before checking in time but they were very happy to store our bags whilst we headed into the City. We came back at the end of the day to find that our gear had been taken to the room. Likewise on check out day our gear was taken without question until we were ready to pick it up later. No quibbles.The room was very clean with a good sized bathroom and a great range of channels on the TV - always important to me when you just want an end of the day mental chill.The breakfast was also very good with a full English offered as standard as well as a wide selection of cereals and pastries.Overall this was a real find for us and we will ceratinly be looking to book this hotel again the next time we are in the Capital.	
Sep 13 2007 	Very Nice Accomodation - close to the Heathrow Express!	Stayed there in June 2007 on the last leg of a european trip. The hotel is literally a 5 minute walk from Paddington Station where the Heathrow Express stops. The hotel doesn't have alot of rooms but the room we stayed in had very high ceilings and was fair sized. Very clean, no issues with cleanliness throughout the hotel. I had nothing bad to say about it at all. The staff was friendly, the price was ok (considering the strength of the British Pound over the CDN Dollar, everything was double but in relative terms it was reasonably priced). For tourists, the 2 biggest perks of this hotel are that a)the Big Bus tour stops right by Paddington so its perfect for tourists and b) the Heathrow Express is a short distance so no dealing with the tempermental tube with its delays and shut downs! There are some nice restaurants that appeal to all tastes within a 5 minute walk.	
Sep 7 2007 	Clean safe convenient and reasonably priced!	Stayed for 3 nights in September with my two daughters. We had room 15 which has two separate bedrooms and a large bathroom. One room with twin beds faced the main street and the queen room faced a courtyard. Room was immaculate, had high ceilings and large windows which allowed a good breeze in. Hotel has no air conditioning, but we did not need as the weather was excellent during our stay. Good TV in each room, also has DVD player, fridge and a safe. Nice toiletries available and very good shower pressure. Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was delicious. Only complaint was some noise around 6:30 a.m. from cleaning staff up and down stairs and the floor above.Area very convenient to tube and train station, 5 minutes walk. Felt very safe here, no issues. Overall, good value in a city with very expensive hotels. I would stay here again.	
Sep 7 2007	loved this hotel	I stayed here for four nights in May, and for a woman traveling alone, I found it absolutely perfect. Safe, convenient location. Very clean. Modern bathroom, with excellent plumbing. Good bed. Great breakfast, cooked to order. Friendly, helpful staff. And my room, at the back, was totally quiet. And so reasonably priced! Compared to most other hotels, in fact, it was downright cheap. If I return to London, I'd go back in a heartbeat.	
Sep 4 2007	Good value during my stay	I paid a very decent £85 per night for a twin room with English breakfast, which was worth it, but I wouldn't pay more if I stayed again. Positives were the building with its original features (didn't feel like the usual business-oriented hotel I usually stay in), the breakfast room was very pleasant and well staffed by polite and helpful waitresses and the room was clean and a good standard. Also the Sussex fish bar round the corner did the best chicken burger I've ever tasted- HIGHLY recommend!!! Didn't rate the mushrooms on the breakfast (clearly from a tin) but the rest was very nice, especially the perfectly fried eggs.Negatives were the area, mainly that there were a few unsavoury characters hanging around outside (they were clearly guests of the hotels next door and not this one), although you didn't feel threatened, just 2 women alone could be a bit uncomfortable and intimidated. Prepare to also be awoken at around 6am every morning by fairly loud creaking by the cleaning staff walking up and down the stairs and down the corridors non-stop, pushing their trolleys directly above your room. I didn't alert the reception as to this, because it would be a bit of a hassle to have to change rooms. I have to say it was loud anough to wake me every morning of my stay and difficult to get back to sleep as it didn't stop. I was in room 203.Overall a pleasant stay and I would recommend it, but the noise from above our room spoilt the stay a little for me.	
Sep 3 2007 	Another Great Stay	My wife and I booked this hotel for a five night stay in London. While we were simply interested in a &quot;crash pad&quot; we wanted to ensure a good night sleep and a decent breakfast. This hotel exceeded those expectations. Upon entering the hotel we found the service to be friendly and accommodating. The public areas, including the hallways, lobby and breakfast area, where absolutely spotless. The room continued that trend. While the bathroom was minuscule, it was clean and well stocked with shampoos, soap and a hair dryer. While this hotel may not be the Ritz, it is a phenomenal value in an incredibly expensive City. The hotel is located a cluster of Row Houses near Paddington station. The location is close to Hyde Park and several tube stations.	
Sep 2 2007 	Lived up to its reputation	I booked the Darlington Hyde Park after reading reviews here and ruling out many other hotels. I wanted an inexpensive hotel close to Hyde Park and Paddington. My stay was very enjoyable and I found the hotel lived up to all the good things other guests had written. It was spotlessly clean, tastefully designed, and comfortable. My room was a single and relatively small, but the high ceilings and floor-to-ceiling windows made it feel much more spacious. The bathroom was well-appointed. There is no funkiness -- this hotel is just plain nice. The breakfast room was light and airy and like everyone else says -- the wait staff was attentive and very pleasant. It's unfortunate that the Darlington is located at the end of a row of buildings -- mostly other hotels -- of varying quality, but the proximity to Paddington and the Heathrow Express made up for just a tiny bit of seediness. I will definitely stay at the Darlington again the next time I visit London. It's a great find.	
Aug 24 2007 	Darlington was wonderful	NY City - stayed in the Darlington Hyde Park for two nights and wanted to write a review as I found the reviews of others on this site very helpful in terms of where to stay and where to avoid. The Darlington is a very very clean and simple hotel. No doorman but has a lift. It is an easy two block or so walking distance to Paddington from and to which one can take the Heathrow Express. Staff was exceptionally smiling, pleasant and helpful - both those at the desk and those who cleaned the room. Bed was not quite as comfortable as I would like liked - one mattress and no boxspring. If you want a facecloth you have to pay for one at the desk - think a pound so might want to bring your own. Nice TV and lamps. Smallish room - Very cozy and was perfect for what I wanted which was a more inexpensive place in a safe and convenient area. The hotel gives out a little brochure with a map of nearby restaurants which customers have recommended - very helpful. I have to especially mention Mr. Frascati - an Italian restaurant with fabulous food (linguine w lobster to die for) I was very surprised how good it was for a neighborhood place. Woman in mag store told me how good it was also, Service was very welcoming and attentive which being a middle aged woman travelling alone I appreciated. Very pleasant experience overall and would definitely stay at DHP again.	
Aug 20 2007 	Pleasant and comfortable	We enjoyed our stay at the Darlington. Room was exceptionally clean and the bed very comfortable. The hotel corridors are a bit of a maze, but doesn't take long to find your way around. Breakfast was excellent with fabulous service by the wait staff. We rarely heard other guests, though there were many there. Check in staff were friendly, helpful and a delight to chat with throughout our stay. It's fairly convenient to some nearby restaurants, but the nearest tube station is a fairly long walk of several blocks. Overall, though, a very good hotel and we were quite pleased with our stay.	
Aug 10 2007 	Perfection in London	We stayed for 5 nights based on Trip Advsor reviews. We had room #15 a family room with two bedrooms and a shared bath. The hotel was clean, comfortable, safe, and in a great location. We were pleased with the staff, price, and extra touches. Their laundry room was out of order - but other than that we could find no complaints - and we are not so easy to please sometimes. Breakfast was extremely good. Do youself a favor ... stay here.	
Aug 7 2007 	The Cleanest Hotel We've Ever Stayed In.	Friends of ours who'd stayed here before had recommended the hotel to us, but when we checked the hotel's website earlier this year, we saw they were having refurbishment done to the outside of the building. My partner didn't want to book as he was worried about possible sleep disruption ( although the website clearly stated work would be taking place from 0900 to 1700 only, and I'd pointed this out to him. ) We booked instead with a hotel in a nearby street, and we lived to regret that decision - the room was small, and grotty. When we called in to Darlington Hotel ad hoc in desperation, and pleaded with the very sweet, kind Renata at reception ( all the staff are lovely ) she managed to accommodate us for the rest of our stay, thankfully. Darlington is the cleanest hotel EVER. We had no faults with our room; it had a lovely high corniced ceiling; spotless bathroom, very comfy bed, and was cleaned every day to an amazing standard ... don't hesitate to book. BE VERY CAREFUL OF PADDINGTON HOTELS - some may seem like a slightly better bargain, but there are so many in the area, it's only logical they're a mix of good and bad. The other hotel we'd originally booked into had a good enough rating on Trip Advisor ( and that's why we'd booked it !! ), with the exception of Americans who've posted a review May 2007 on how they'd not been able to book by phone - I think maybe my partner and I look like spineless people who don't complain and will accept a bad room - that'd be right, to a degree. We don't like complaining, but were determined not to stay there the whole week - the pentagon-shaped bathroom was doll-house-sized, when you were sat on the toilet, your elbow knocked the toilet-roll off its holder, and your knees touched the bathroom door; at its largest it measured 5 feet from corner to door; but the worst thing was I was horrifed to find the previous occupants' many blood-stained tissue papers in the bin, which also reeked strongly of urine - I really thought I was going to be sick. One night's stay was enough for us. We ended up being forced to pay half an extra night's room rate before the guy at reception would allow us to leave. He had originally demanded 2 whole nights rate, but I managed to get him to take just half. He agreed very easily, so we paid for our stupidity big time. We were so disappointed, but it worked out okay in the end - we'll definitely be back to Darlington.	
Aug 6 2007 	Great Hotel..	The hotel is very pleasant with professional staff; whereby nothing was too much trouble .The rooms are very nice with plenty of space and lovely facilities. The breakfast is excellent with some good Italian restaurants nearby “ASK” is very good and reasonably priced. Great location for Oxford Street and nearby attractions. Will differently use the hotel again …..Thanks for a great time……..	
Aug 6 2007	no air conditioning	This was a nice, cute, hotel in a great location if you are looking to take the Heathrow Express to the airport.We stayed here one night based on convenience and liked it very much. Our only complaint was that there was no air conditioning. There is a fan given to you. Room was small, but cozy. Bathroom was spacious and had a tub.Staff was very nice!! Breakfast was lovely.Overall, I'd recommend this hotel as long as you go into this situation knowing about the AC	
Jul 30 2007	Fine for a weekend in London	This hotel was fine or a weekend in London. Location/value balance is spot on, Sussex Gardens is a nice road close to Paddington. 10 mins walk to Hyde Park, 5 mins walk to Paddington. Double room was clean if a little compact, hotel felt very safe, breakfast food was average, service below average. But if you just want somewhere safe, clean &amp; convienient to sleep and wash the Darlington is perfect.	
Jul 26 2007 	Nice and clean hotel for tube travelers	The Darlington was a very comfortable and clean place to stay. The locations (North of Hyde Park) in Sussex Gardens is in a line of other boutige hotels...some nice and some shabby. The room and bathroom were both very spacious. I can't remember the room number but you actually went up a few steps from the bedroom to reach the toilet and sink.I'm not that familiar with London, but it would have been nice to have had more shops, restaurants and things to see in the area. This location is prime for getting to paddington, but somewhat limiting (I felt) if you wnted to stay in the area or go out for a late night bite or drink.The staff was professional, but don't expect much in the way of directions or recommendations. They tried to help, but were a bit unsure of things. It might have been who was at the desk at the time, but since we were unsure ourselves and needed to travel all over via the tubes, it would have been nice to have someone local who who could trust with suggestions or directions.Our two nights stay was very plesant and the breakfast was wonderful. The rate was very good for the quality of stay and I would highly recommend it for anyone except those that want to stay in an area with lots of activity. Then again, those places cost more than double this.	
Jul 19 2007 	great location	We stayed 3 nights at the Darlington to be able to use the Heathrow Express out of Paddington early in the morning. Everything was satisfactory for us, however one of our party had bed bug bites all over his arms after the first night. They did give him a new, tiny room. It is a very easy 5 minute walk from Paddington station among a whole neighborhood of small hotels. There is an Internet Cafe on the street between the hotel and the station. We paid $200/night. It is expensive for what you get, but for the location and London in July, pretty average. They had a pretty good continental and cooked breakfast., plus an elevator. No mirror near the electric plugs!	
Jul 15 2007 	This Hotel Certainly has the Wow Factor!	I visited the Darlington Hyde for my girlfriends 21st Birthday, i have stayed in many hotels, including 4 and 5 star hotels within the centre of London, but no hotel was as good as this.The Hotel is is a 3min walk from Paddington Tube Station which reached all the main parts of the westend within 5-10 mins. The hotel is very small, but has everything you need. Most hotels you see have all these diffrent facilities including pools, bars, gyms etc, but still dont meet standards, this hotel dosent have all the above but the basics it does exceptionally well, to a standard well worthy of a 5 Star Hotel and you will see by the reviews its given by other people it is somewhere you will want to go back to again and again.We Sayed in room 305, i upgraded to a suite, which i paid £135.00 for, wow, it was such good value for money, it had a really spacious bedroom as well as a seperate living room, with an lcd television, coffee and tea making facilities and and lots of complimentary Gilbert and Soames toilitries, and mineral water in the room when we arrived.The breakfast was amazing, full english breakfast and cereals, toast, juices etc all included in the price.All in all a fantastic stay at the Darlington Hyde Park, and not forgetting the staff, especailly the manager and staff at reception who could not do enough for us, Cant wait till my next visit!!!!!!	
Jul 13 2007 	Wonderful value; good location	We stayed in the Darlington Hyde Park in May 2006 for three nights at the end of our holidays in England. We found the hotel to be clean, spacious, and in a good location. We are traveling back to London next month and have chosen Darlington again!The breakfast cannot be beaten - your choice of light fare or full English, cooked promptly to your order!We just found this webcam situated outside the Darlington - it doesn't give a view of the hotel, but could be fun for visitors to 'appear' on for family to see back home![----]	
Jul 7 2007	Our favourite London Hotel	A well located hotel in an elegant part of town. The security is excellent and the room we had was fairly spacious and superbly clean. A helpful and friendly staff and a good breakfast served at the table ensured that we will choose this hotel again on our next visit.	
Jul 6 2007 	Good decent hotel	Staff were friendly &amp; helpful. They looked after our bags when we arrived early &amp; also for the day we were leaving.Room was reasonable size. As mentioned in other reviews about rooms to the front it is necessary to keep the window closed to avoid early morning traffic noise. Therefore the rooms could do with air conditioning.Breakfast was very good with a good choice of cooked &amp; continental. Service was good.Location was good near Paddington &amp; not too far from Marble Arch Tube Stations.Hotel does not have bar facilities but there is a fridge in the room if you want to buy some in.	
Jul 5 2007 	Very comfy in the Darlington Hyde Park	We stayed five nights in midJune at the Darlington Hyde Park hotel and were very pleased with the entire experience. The hotel is well located on Sussex Gardens, a hotel-rich area of Westminster; it is close to Paddington (Heathrow Express) as well as Lancaster Gardens tube stop and good bus lines. The staff were friendly, especially the charming breakfast staff! Our second floor room while small had all the necessities and a comfortable bed. All in all, a fine urban hotel.	
Jul 4 2007 	Great family room at the Darlington	We just got back from a trip to England which we finished off with 3 days in London. We booked the &quot;family&quot; room, #17. Which had a double bed, a single and then a sofa-bed. With our 2 young daughters, this was perfect. This room was exceptionally large for a european hotel room. There was space for the children to play on the floor while we got ready in the morning and before bed. There was also a safe, small fridge and large double closet. The bathroom was also a decent size. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Because of the tightened security after the bombings at the airport in Glasgow. We asked them to double check security delays and baggage allowance at Heathrow and they printed out all the relevant pages for us. The breakfast room staff were excellent and our girls loved the way they served the hot chocolate in a tea pot. The staff even went along with the girls pretending they were having a tea party. It was a very short walk to Paddington station and within easy distance of restaurants. I would definetely recommend this hotel to families. It would fit 3 children under 10. However I don't think 2 teenagers would be able to share the sofa bed. I booked a couple of months in advance, using a combination of email and telephone. They had problems with my credit card the week before our arrival. It had been cloned the month before and I forgot to give the hotel my new cc number. They were not successful contacting me. My cell phone was off since I was on vacation... yet they still kept the room for us. Thank you Darlington!	
Jul 4 2007	Perfect place to stay	Quiet quaint location is an easy walk from Paddington station. The hotel is charming, clean, comfortable and the staff is friendly and accommodating. We stayed here at the beginning of our vacation and they also worked us in during a bomb threat at Heathrow. It's definitely our favorite place in London.	
Jun 30 2007 	Fantastic Small Hotel	We stayed at The Darlington Hyde Park in May for 4 nights. It was highly recommended on trip advisor, so we booked it. So glad we did. The staff are extremely friendly, especially the girls that serve the breakfast. My partner loved the cooked breakfast, cooked to order. The continental was also really good. The rooms are roomy and very clean. Bathroom was spacious enough. It even had a bath, and you need that after walking around London. Very close to Paddington station, which we used all the time. Plenty of supermarkets located at the station for all those extras. I would stay again at the Darlington. Could not recommend it enough. Fantastic. We paid 95pounds a night, which is a bargain for London.	
Jun 25 2007	Good Budget Tourist Hotel	I stayed in a double room - #302 at this hotel for 4 nights in June 2007. The main purpose of my trip was business but the hotels closestto my client / office were sold out. So going off Trip Advisor reviews I booked here.Location: 2 blocks from Paddington Station. Next to Hyde ParkRoom: Good size for London and considering the price - it was 105 Euro for a couple of my nights and 140 Euro for the rest. The room was very clean. Housekeeping was excellent. Carpet and furniture were in good shape. The bedspread was faded though. The bed was comfortable - firm but a bit softer - not rock hard like some other European Hotels. Large closet.Bathroom: Very small. Clean. Bath &amp; Shower. Basic toiletries - soap, shampoo, lotion. No robes. 2 Bath Towels, 2 Hand Towels. If you want a face cloth you must get one from reception at 1 Sterling each.NOTE: There is no clock in the room - not on the tv or otherwise. Ifyou are on a schedule you may want to bring your own travel clock with you.Even number rooms are off the main road - a bit noisy but not overly. If you are a light sleep request on the back of the hotel.Security: In room safe where you program your own code.Mini bar - none. But there was a small fridge in room where you can store your own stuff. Didn't see a grocery store nearby. A few of those Quick Shop places nearby but perhaps the reception could point out a grocery store for you.Internet: Free wireless in the room - some problems in the upper ffloors but there are some nooks around the hotel that you can use if it is an issue. You must get the access code from reception.Breakfast - in the basement room but I did not partake so no commentFitness - no gym or fitness room.TV - several free channels, including CNN and BBC, all in English. You cannot pay per view for movies, games etc.Transportation: From London Heathrow you can take the Heathrow Express which arrives at Paddington Station and then you can walk the2 blocks to the hotel. Paddington is also on the Circle Line for the Underground. If you plan on using the Underground a lot during your stay get an Oyster card as it reduces the cost per ticket. Cabs - If you can call for a Radio Cab in advance they are about half theprice of a Black Cab that you would hail on the street. Reception canhelp you with this.Note: Heathrow Express is accessible with elevators and escalators at the airport and is on ground level at Paddington. The Underground does not always have escalators or elevators.Staff: friendly and helpful - the only complaint was when the airlinedelivered my lost luggage at 3am they actually called my room insteadof waiting until a more sane time of the morning.Dining: There are lots of choices in the area - everything from fast food to Indian, Greek, Mexican, Steak House, Diners ... The hotel will give you a restaurant map with a few choices but there are more around.Post Office, ATM near Paddington Station.On this street there are numerous small hotels - probably all 2 or 3 stars. Main roads and well lit. No problems walking around.This is not a fancy hotel. For the price paid, considering it is London, I would give it 4 stars for tourist and 2.5 stars for business. I would stay here again for personal but not for business.	
Jun 25 2007 	Very decent hotel	We booked Darlington Hyde Park based on the good reviews posted. As asmall hotel, it is very decent with little problems to be fixed. GOOD things about the hotel - It is in a safe neighbourhood, 5 minutes from Paddington train and tube station. There are also convenience stores, Internet cafe (GBP 1 for 30 minutes) and a laundromat very nearby. Breakfast was also nicely served in the Conservatory Restaurant.We stayed in a twin room on 2/F facing the main road, and the noise of the traffic was acceptable. The room was quite clean. BAD things - One small complaint is that the small garbage can in the washroom was not emptied and filled with garbage of previous guests.I also advised to confirm your booking with the hotel. We emailed them and they said they never received it. We called to confirm our booking a few days earlier and they said we never confirmed our booking (guess they did not write things down). Also, their rates fluctuate from GBP 95 to 120 per twin room, so my advice is to book early and get a written confirmation from the hotel.	
Jun 23 2007	wonderful stay at the darlington	stayed at the darlington in early June 2007. the room was very clean and comfortable. easy walk from paddington station. staff is extremely helpful - even printed out tube station closures that were happening over the weekend. restaurants in the area are good - especially enjoyed Victoria pub, great atmosphere and good food.	
Jun 23 2007 	Highly Recommended	Stayed in a triple room on the ground floor for 3 adults, room was a very good size to accomodate 3 adults, room was very clean and tidy. Booked direct and got a cheaper price than what was advertised on other websites for the same time/room. Staff were very friendly and extremely helpful would deffinately go back. Excellent location for Paddington station only 5 min walk and about 10-15 min walk to Oxford Street.	
Jun 22 2007 	Nice clean hotel in good location	We stayed at the Darlington Hyde Park for 4 nights in early June and were quite impressed with this small hotel. It has been updated and staff were very helpful. The rooms don't have air conditioning, but they do have fans. We stayed in #10 which is in the back of the hotel and very quite. My only complaint about the hotel was the weak hair dryer (but this type of hair dryer is very common in England). The hotel is within walking distance of the Paddington tube station and train station (which has Heathrow Express). At the end of our trip we added some extra days in London and tried to get back into the Darlington but they were full. We stayed at the Abbey Court instead and it was terrible. For the price, you cannot beat the Darlington Hyde Park.	
Jun 20 2007 	Great Hotel.	I had the good fortune to stay at this hotel in May of 2007. I did sobased on the reviews I read. The hotel is very clean and the staff are pleasant and helpful.We stayed for 8 nights in room 305 and 105. These are the suites and well worth the extra we paid. There is a separate living area, a hallway and the bedroom is at the end of the hall with doors that separate the two rooms. Both rooms are large and airy because the windows provide a breeze blowing through.The towels are bath sheets and are replaced each day. The sheets are changed every third day. The rooms are kept very clean. The only thing missing were the face cloths.The breakfast was included and was excellent. There were cold cereals, some fruit, rolls yogurt and eggs cooked anyway served with bacon and sausages. The quality was excellent and there was plenty of it. The coffee was good too.We were extremely pleased with the hotel and its location is ideal. Only a five minute walk to the Paddington Station which connects with the rest of the subway lines.	
Jun 18 2007 	Great Stay at the Darlington!	Just returned from a fabulous stay in London from June 5th-12th. The Darlington was as wonderful as all of the reviews stated. I've stayed in London before and this is by far the best hotel for the money. Here are a few tips to ensure a pleasant stay:• We had a twin room on the 4th floor that overlooked the street with two windows in the bedroom area and one in the bathroom. Since we were on the fourth floor, noise from the street was not really an issue but could be on a lower floor.• We caught London in an amazing week of beautiful weather and made use of the fan in the room (no a/c, but you can rent one by the night if you need it). • You can request a room that faces on to the back rather than the street side, but you must do this in advance. I would also request a room on one of the higher floors.• Ignore the hair dryer in the bathroom it's terrible. There is one in the desk drawer (which we didn't find until the last day!). • Wi-Fi didn't work all the way up on the fourth floor, but there is a wonderful chair in a nook on the second floor that became my Wi-Fi spot. • We didn't have any trouble with the water temp, but it's a big step in and out of the tub. • There is not a lot of counter space in the bathroom so consider a toiletry case that can hang from a hook. • The full breakfast is good, but becomes a bit repetitive if you're staying for longer than a few days. The continental breakfast is pretty meager. The front staff was really nice and arranged a car service for us one night when we went to the theatre (they advised us it was cheaper than a cab). They also downloaded the tube schedule for us for the weekend (there were some closures for maintenance). The hotel gives nice advice for dining close by (the Victoria and Dickens are close and have good &quot;pub grub&quot;). Very easy to get to the Paddington train/tube and the Hop On Hop Off Bus Tour (highly recommend) is also right near the station. Very easy to get the Heathrow Express from the Airport and walk the two blocks to the hotel. A few recommendations:• Regents Park (Queen Mary's Garden is full of 100s of varieties of roses) and Kensington/Hyde Park. • Tea at the Orangery, but go before high tea starts at 3:00. • London Eye was great, but get your tickets through the Big Bus tour and you can avoid the lines.• National Gallery is nice IF you like Renaissance paintings. If not, give it a miss and head to the British Museum. • Westminster Abbey is stunning and it's really great to stay for the mass at 5 p.m. and hear the choir. • Changing of the Guard, get there a little early and head for the center island (Queen Victoria statue). Best seat in the house from every angle. • Buy theatre tickets from &quot;tkts&quot; in Leicester Square. They’re the only one operated by the Theatre Guild so you aren't overcharged (great half price tickets every day). Hope this is all helpful.	
Jun 18 2007 	Excellent value - few negatives	Having stayed in this hotel a couple of years ago, as one of my very first discoveries through Tripadvisor, I had no second thought in booking it again for a three-day business trip to London earlier this month. The good things of this hotel were still there: excellent location (walking distance from Paddington-Heathrow Express), nice and safe location, large and clean rooms and bathrooms with all amenities, smiling and polite staff. And all this at the amazing price of 105GBP which also includes an excellent cook-to-order English breakfast! This is by far the best value deal that you can get in central London, full stop. The reason that I give Darlington only 4 stars, are a few negatives which made my stay this time less enjoyable than before. First, I was given a room in the front of the hotel and, although it was on the 4th floor, the noise from the road was loud enough to be irritating (the rooms at the back are much more quiter). Second, my single bed was not comfortable because the mattress was too thin (to my experience, double beds do not have this problem). Finally, although they have established free WiFi access in the entire hotel (how nice for business travellers!), it was not operating on the 4th floor. I was told that it was a temporary problem which would be fixed very soon, but for me it was too late. In any case, the above negatives might have disappointed me if I was staying in a 200GBP+ hotel. With the price charged by Darlington, I can easily excuse them and I would happily stay there again.	
Jun 12 2007 	Great place	We just finished a four night stay at the Darlington. What a nice place!! Our room was large and clean. Like everyone else, the one complaint concerns the unexpected rush of hot water in the shower. Also, like other reviewers recommend, take the underground everywhere. But, if you need a cab, make sure the front desk calls you a regular &quot;black taxi&quot;, or else they arrange a private car that charges about 3 times more than a taxi. We called for one to take us to Harrods (It was raining pretty hard). The fare to Harrods with their recommended taxi was 18 pounds!!! Coming home we had a regular black taxi and it cost 6 pounds. And it took about 5 minutes less. I talked to a couple other guests and they had similar problems. All in all, I highly recommend the Darlington. It's not the Park Lane, but it's also a fraction of the cost.	
Jun 11 2007 	Great hotel	Great location, excellent room and very helpful staff. It was very good value for money and one really felt safe in the premises. My party was commenting on the safety features without knowing the hotel had made an effort to beef up security for female travellers.Beds were comfortable and rooms were very large. Everything was provided as befitting a 4* hotel even though on first sight the facade didn't quite look on par with other business hotels in the same category around London.	
Jun 10 2007 	Fantastic	The reputation of London hotels is quite dreadful and I was very critical when booking a hotel for our holiday. I found the hotel through TripAdvisor.com and decided to book. Tthe reviews were exceptionally good and the location fantastic - the Paddington tube station just a few minutes away. Service was superb from the very start - the booking was simple and clear.We stayed in a family room which turned out to be just what we wanted. The bathroom was shockingly spacious and spotless, and the beds comfy. We also loved the two TVs and a DVD player. The room had a large fan, which was a great relief. There were some noises from the street during night time and I heard people talking in the hallways, but wasn't bothered - it is an old house, after all. The breakfast was tasty and hearthy.Everyone at the reception was absolutely lovely and very helpful. Some great restaurants in the neigbourhood as well (Indian, Italian etc.) - plus the boring but sometimes useful KFC and Burger King. Tesco just around the corner.Will definetely stay at the Darlington Hyde Park again. Highly recommended!	
Jun 8 2007 	Can't beat it for the $!	We stayed at Darlington over Memorial Day weekend and it was exactly what we expected. For the price --105 GBP per night-- it was fantastic. Large room, huge bathroom (for city standards), two big windows and a comfortable bed. The only gripe we had has already been mentioned by others -- the showers put out scalding hot water every now and then. Wireless internet didn't work from our room but worked fine from the lobby...it was free so we couldn't complain. We did see the signs warning of prostitution, but never saw a single person that looked like they were involved in that sort of thing, day or night. The area felt very safe and it's well-lit. Proximity of this hotel to Paddington station is great, just a few blocks. We took the tube everywhere, so easy and fairly inexpensive for a whole day of transportation. Our first day we walked from the hotel to Buckingham Palace, St James Park, Trafalgar Square, Covent Garden, Oxford Street and back to the hotel. It was a long walk, but if you're up for a stroll is was a fun way to learn the layout of the city.If you like history, the Tower of London is a must see. We got there at 9 am and practically had the place to ourselves. We went straight to the Crown Jewels, then went back to pickup an audio tour. By the time we left around noon the place was packed with people...we were glad we got there early because it felt like a whole different experience when it was nearly empty. Try Liberty Bounds pub for lunch. It's just across the street and has cheap lunch/beer combos. Smoky though...all the pubs are, but they're going smoke-free in July. We went to Victoria Pub and Garfunkel's (close to the Darlington) and weren't impressed with either place. Best food on our trip was at Wagamama...they're all over the city and really good.We did a London Walk around Big Ben and Westminster Abbey or only 6 GBP/pp. Unfortunately pubs were closed the day of our tour (Memorial Day), but normally the tour includes stops at pubs along the way. They have many other walks including a Jack the Ripper walk...it's supposed to be one of their most popular.If you're thinking of a tour outside the city, check out Astral Tours. We did a day trip with them to Stonehenge, Bath and Windsor Castle...highly recommended! All the stops were so charming and our guide was very knowledgeable. At the end we found out he was educated in history at Oxford...no wonder he knew so much about each place we visited! It was also nice having a small group (10-12 people) so we didn't have to wait for a whole bus of people each time we boarded the coach. A few of our favorite things from the trip...-- A walk through Hyde Park-- Covent Garden (Ben's Cookies and Porterhouse, awesome pub)-- Walking around Bath-- Harrods-- Windsor (the town) and Windsor CastleWe have been to NYC many times and London felt like a small version of NYC. We just fell in love with it. The people are so friendly and the culture is trendy, yet laid back. There's so much history and pubs abound. Would love to go back and spend more time in the Cotswalds. Only thing we didn't do was see a show, but we'll be back to London someday. One more thing...when we arrived we took Heathrow Express to Paddington, then the regular tube to the airport for our trip home. Heathrow Express is expensive, compared to the 4 GBP for the standard tube fare to Heathrow. But I thought it was worth it upon arrival since we'd already had a long trip. It got us to Paddington fast (15mins) so we could get out to see the city. By the time you've been there a few days you'll be so used to the tube that you'll find it easy to take it to Heathrow for your trip home. But give yourself enough time...it takes about 45 mins.Enjoy...London is amazing!	
Jun 6 2007 	Nice hotel.	This was a lovely hotel with very friendly desk and waiting staff. Rooms were nice and spacious. However, the shower was temperamental in that the temperature kept changing without warning, going from hot to cold to the point where it was a health risk as it would suddenly burn you. Problem was reported to desk staff but not followed through. Otherwise a lovely stay.	
Jun 5 2007	Ten day stay	I booked this hotel based on advice from someone who had stayed there and commented on the security imeasures provided especially for female travellers. My daughter and I stayed for 10 days in Room #4. Now this room was not what I expected and requested a change due to security issues. The room is in the basement and faces the entry to the hotel and the street. No change was made although the manager stated that since the hotel was booked it was not possible to change rooms but at a later time it would be taken care of....well... not another word but I did not push it either. I really had no further complaint except is was very loud due to street noise. The front desk staff were very nice but the staff in the conservatory was excellent. The breakfasts were great and provided sufficient fuel for the days travels. The front desk (British guy) was very helpful in giving directions to certain sites we wanted to visit. Paddington and Lancaster Gate tube stations got us everywhere.... I continue to be amazed at the easy directions in using the tube. Overall, I would stay again but I would not stay in #4 again....noise issues..	
Jun 2 2007 	Lovely hotel great location	Our party of three thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Our room was spacious, comfortable and spotless. The breakfast was perfectly cooked, and served quickly in the the very pleasant breakfast room. The hotel location is excellent, within walking distance to Paddington station and the Heathrow Express, and with plenty of restaurants close by. The BigBus London tour stops just around the corner as well. We will definitely be staying at this hotel on our next trip to London.	
May 29 2007 	Returned a year later (May 20-24)	This was our second year at this hotel and although our room (14) was smaller this year it was still larger than other hotels we have stayed in in this price range and the other things we liked about this hotel were still very much there. As I said in my first review last year we have, over 35 years of living abroad and returning to the UK every year or so, tried many, many mid to lower -priced hotels (currrently less than 100 pounds a night double) in London and we have never returned to any of them except this one. Try the well known Indian restaurant &quot;Khans&quot;, close to Bayswater tube station, for a good and well priced meal (20 pounds for 2 for food in our case - alcohol is not served). We walked there from the hotel (20mins). We have never encountered any security problems in this area (or any other area of London for that matter) We had a very pleasant stay for a very good price. This management has got this mix right in our opinion. Congrats again!	
May 28 2007	A perfect gem	My daughter and I stayed at the Darlington last weekend for three nights. We had an extremely pleasant stay there and have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone. It was perfectly clean and comfortable..even the beds! The staff were extremely friendly and polite. In fact we have already booked our rooms for the next time we visit London. We were very impressed by the high level of security, from outside, one is only able to access the reception area, all other areas of the hotel are only accessed by the key card. Perfect for femails travelling alone. I have to say this hotel is not the Ritz - nor is it the price of the Ritz!!! It is a very , comfortable, spotless, friendly place to stay, which doesn't cost the earth. We also tried some of the restaurant nearby, recommended by previous guests, and found them to be absolutely fine,all local, without having to travel! Enjoy your stay there, we did. Jenny &amp; Dawn Watkins. Spain.	
May 27 2007 	Great hotel loved our stay	Based on trip advisor reviews, we booked directly with the hotel and got a great rate for 6 nights stay. We found the staff at all times to be very friendly and helpful. The room was a good size and the whole place was very clean. The location was a big plus, only 5 mins walk to Paddington Station. Breakfast was great with choices of Continental or full English and was served very quickly.Would recommend &quot;Ask Restaurant&quot; nearby - great pizza.Can't understand the few poor reviews of this hotel. We had nothing but positive experiences over our 6 day stay. The area felt very safe at all times. We would happil\y stay there again and recommend it to others.	
May 21 2007 	Excellent stay!	My husband and I stayed at the Darlington for four nights in late March/early April. We were very pleased with the quality of the hotel for the cheaper rates. Considering how expense London hotels can be, this was a great deal.The location was great with a quick walk to the tube. The room was quite large and the bathroom was also a pleasant surprise. Everything was well appointed and very clean. Breakfast was good and a convenient start to the day. The only areas of opportunity was the bedding and the safe. The bed was a bit hard and the pillow a bit flat, but we were so tired it didn't matter. The safe wasn't working correctly and management was not in a hurry to fix it. If you're looking for a quick bite to eat in the neighborhood, San Marco pizza was on the way back from the tube and quite tasty. Overall a very good experience. We would definitely recommend this to others and would stay here again if we find ourselves back in London.	
May 21 2007 	A little disappointing....	Selected this hotel based off of the high rated but was unfortunately a little disappointed. The highlight of this hotel is the breakfast... and the breakfast staff (top notch). The hotel is about a 5 min walk from the Paddington station... there are a couple of restaurants in the area... but the lighting in the area is not that great . But one HUGE negative were the beds. I love to just plop on the bed after a long day and when I arrived in the room and tried to plop... I got a rude awakening as well as a sore buttocks with the thin/poor mattress. The bed only had about 30 springs in it... so try to do anything other than gently lay and you will touch the box spring (ouch). So if your not concerned with bed comfort then this is your place as for me it will be my last time here, I gotta have at least an average if not an above average bed.	
May 18 2007 	Wonderful Stay	I had the pleasure of staying at the Darlington Hyde Park recently. My sister and I stayed from April 13-17 and again from April 20-21. I chose this hotel based upon the glowing reviews on Tripadvisor and was not disappointed. Our first room was #6, a twin next to the breakfast room. The room and bathroom were spotlessly clean and good-sized. The room faced onto a tiny enclosed courtyard, so was very quiet. There was no noise from the breakfast room in the mornings. Our room included comfortable twin beds, a desk, 3 armchairs nighttable and a small side table. There was a flat screen tv, a mini-fridge, small safe, and a fan. The breakfast was filling, good-tasting, and served quickly by the very pleasant staff. We had the full English which was included in our roomrate of 85lbs. per night. The breakfast room is bright and,again, spotlessly clean. Our second stay was in room 403 on the top floor facing onto Sussex Gardens. There were 2 windows which let in sunlight making the room very cheerful. We were not disturbed by any road noise at night. Throughout our stay, every staff member we encountered was helpful and extremely pleasant. The building is very secure, requiring a keycard to access the front door and again to enter the interior areas of the hotel. The location is a 5 minute walk from Paddington Station where we took the Heathrow Express for the airport. We never felt uneasy walking in the area at night. We were also within easy walking distance of the Lancaster Gate tube station. When we return to London in the future, we will definitely plan to stay at the Darlington again.	
May 17 2007	Saved money but disappointed	I booked The Darlington Hyde Park strictly on the reviews on Trip Advisor.com. This was a quick, last minute trip to London for pleasure with my daughter. Of course I was interested in saving money, but I made a mistake booking this hotel. Nothing major, but here is my feedback.The hotel is in an area that is being monitored by police for prostitute activity. There are poster-sized signs on the street outside the hotel warning for &quot;Kurb-crawlers, warning, 15 men have been jailed&quot; or something of the sorts. When I asked a cabbie what a 'kurb crawler' was, he said it was a prostitute. At a nearby pub, the bar owner warned us about walking back at night, and not to talk to anyone. He said there is prostitution on this street because of the high number of inexpensive hotel rooms, and its closer proximity to the central business district. The hotel advertises that it is an excellent place for single women to stay, well-protected. Well, I guess there is a reason 'why'...because it is not necessarily in a safe area! Read between the lines...One particular day, we left at 9:30 and returned at 3 pm. Our bed were stripped and everything was just lying on the floor. The mgr said &quot;oh, you came back early...&quot; (?) So we waited in the lobby till the beds were made. I ran back up to grab something out of the bathroom - and I noticed the maid was soaking our drinking glasses in the bathroom sink - which didn't appeal to me. At the same time, she was in the bathroom brushing out the toliet. I thought later how unsanitary a picture THAT was. Using a toliet brush then rinsing/washing our drinking glasses! I didn't use the glasses after that.The breakfast at this hotel was excellent, and part of the package. I could tell the bathrooms had been upgraded &amp; nicely so. However the tub was really not tub-sized, so you can't take a nice hot bath after a long day, unless you sit Indian-style!The beds are sub-par. One thin pillow, you bang your head on the headboard unless you are careful. There are only a few channels on the TV. There are no movies. I suppose for most folks that's not a deal-breaker. And I didn't think I'd care. But once we got there, and spent a long day touring...and didn't want to go out at night...we would have enjoyed watching a movie. So that is something we learned.If you want to save money, this is a good hotel. I don't understand how it received one of the &quot;most loved&quot; hotel designations. I guess if you LOVE to save money, it is not for comfort or friendliness. The staff were the usual hotel staff types, not overly friendly or interested. We arrived early (our fault) the first day so our room wasn't ready...so we just went touring, which is hard to do with jet lag. DO NOT ARRIVE EARLY! They said they'd been fully booked the night before so there was no way we could get in our room for 4 hours. Again, that was our fault getting there early. But they could have scored BIG points if they'd had said, 'why don't you step into the breakfast room and grab a tea to relax a few minutes before you go out touring until your room is ready?&quot; I don't recommend this hotel, unless saving money is your number one priority. And be sure to keep yourself safe if you do. The hotel is not going to let you know about being safe on the street, from our experience.	
May 1 2007 	Will stay again!	Stayed here on 2 different bookings. First room was a single and second was an upgrade to a double. Booked due to TA's glowing recommendations. It is in a great location, safe and clean. They were kind enough to store my one piece of luggage when I was travelling for 2 nights outside the city. I felt very safe even when returning (female alone) from the theater at 11 at night. I will defiitely stay at this hotel again. Staff is very nice and pleasant.	
Apr 28 2007 	Wonderful Value	We stayed at the Darlington thru the Easter hols - from 5th April, to the 11th. We had a charming stay. We were a bit put out by the breakfast being later than normal due to the holiday but there was not much to be done about it. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful and very keen to give directions or point us the right way. The room itself was a double for two, and the bed was a bit harder than we were used to, but we were so exhausted from our daily fun around London, we barely noticed! The bathrooms are indeed HUGE and a pleasant surprise. Our room faced the street and was noisy, I guess, but again, we were so tired each time we finally made it back, we barely noticed it. One thing I found to be odd, and perhaps this is my inexperience in travelling abroad speaking, but we were never told how to work our electricity. Apparently for any lights to be used or turned on, we had to have one of our door keys plugged into a small console next to the door at all times. This would have been nice to hear when we checked in. Overall, I would gladly book the hotel for a stay again - it is affordable and in an AWESOME area - very easy walking to Paddington Tube. Five minutes, if that. Very close to Kensington Gardens and over all, just a nice, safe area. We never felt unsafe or stuck in unsavoury areas - and we were out quite late some nights. So rest easy in that regard. Resturants around the area close early though, so beware of that if you are returning after 9:30pm. But I strongly suggest trying either Garfunkels or ASK, which are both near by.	
Apr 14 2007 	Exceptional value!	We just returned from London and thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Darlington Hyde Park. It certainly didn't hurt that the weather was sunny and at least 70 degrees Farenheit every day! We stayed in suite number 305 and our rate of 105 GBP per night included VAT and a full English breakfast. The room was sort of old London meets IKEA....floral draperies and simple blonde furniture. Very comfortable. The room featured great flat-screen TVs and a nice size bathroom with oversized towels.Breakfast buffet was terrific and whoever said the English can't make a good cup of coffee never stayed at the Darlington. The coffee was wonderful, as was the service.The location -- just a few blocks from Paddington Station -- was perfect. The station services four tube lines: the Bakerloo, Hammersmith &amp; City, Circle and District, providing easy access to the whole city.We really enjoyed the Victoria Pub -- voted London's best pub in 2006 from Fuller's -- just a block or so behind the hotel. Our favorite pub was the Fountains Abbey just a block from Paddington Station....great food including fish &amp; chips and treacle sponge.London was (and is) incredibly expensive so discovering a great value like the Darlington was a dream. Thanks to all who wrote!	
Apr 12 2007 	Excellent	Great location and easy to find. very friendly and welcoming staff. Extremely clean and good facilities.Very impressed- just as good as the reviews suggested.The only criticisms I have are a lack of choice with the tea/coffee in the room and the continental breakfast could have had croissant, pain au chocolat, etc- however, I'm being a bit picky.	
Apr 9 2007 	Perfect	The darlington hyde park is an absolute little gem in the heart of London. I hesitate to add another review of praise to the several existing excellent reviews only because it is as it stands, so often fully booked whenever I leave it too long to book a room. Pluses: + Extremely safe - the paddington area is safe, down the road is the Imperial college student's accommodation, so I never feel concerned about my personal safety even while alone at night. + Very convenient location - within walking distance to Oxford Street for shopping trips, and also within very close distance of Paddington station which means the Paddington express takes you straight to your hotel from heathrow without having to queue for taxis or struggle with the tube. + Clean rooms with comfortable beds - the sheets are always crisp and clean, and the beds are always very comfortable. The rooms are well-maintained and often spacious, not to mention the great shower/ bath. + Delicious cooked-to-order breakfastMinuses: - If i had one gripe it would be that the spoken english of some of the staff is not that great - but it has never gotten in the way of getting breakfast the way I like it for example.Great hotel, keep it up!	
Apr 2 2007 	A Little Gem	My wife &amp; I have just had a one night stay at this small hotel. It is ideally located, with both Paddington &amp; Lancaster Gate tube stations being 5/7 minutes walk away. There is a good selection of restaurants in the area.The double room we had was on the ground floor but we did not experience any road noise to complain about although Sussex Gardens can be quite busy at times. It was provided with tea/coffee making facilities, TV &amp; Internet access &amp; the bathroom had plenty of hot water &amp; extremely white fluffy bath linen.The hotel was notable for its cleanliness &amp; the English breakfast taken in the conservatory located in the basement could not be faulted.All staff were pleasant &amp; helpful.The only drawback being that there was no bar, although drinks could be purchased from reception &amp; drunk either in the bedroom or in the small reception/lounge area.This is not a luxury hotel but one that will suit most travellers looking for clean &amp; not overly expensive B &amp; B accomodation.We will certainly use this hotel again when next we visit London.	
Mar 29 2007	BEST DEAL IN LONDON	This is my second visit to this hotel. Everything was just as before.. Friendly staff, reasonable rates, large room, very clean, great breakfast and nice, safe area.	
Mar 24 2007 	You can believe what you read	I recently booked a stay at this hotel based in large part on the online reviews I read as well as the hotel description. Things are exactly as described (and as pictured in the 360 degree views the hotel posts on its website), they had my online reservation, and I was charged exactly what I had been told. I was in a party of four and booked one twin-bedded room and one suite. We all were delighted with the rooms, especially the two teenage girls who stayed in the twin-bedded one, which was very spacious and looked out over the street (Sussex Gardens). The rooms were immaculate, provided with the expected extras (soap, tea, etc.), decorated very nicely in an up-to-date style, and we really loved those flat-screen TVs! The small laundry in the basement was handy, the staff was friendly and helpful without fail, and the full-cooked breakfasts (at no extra charge) were yummy. AND, this place really is just a comfortable 5-min. walk from Paddington Station. It is convenient to many things like grocery stores (Tesco and Sainsbury), post office, bus stops (like for the sightseeing bus tours), drug stores, even a hospital (St. Mary's, where Princes William and Harry were born). We definitely would stay here again. We came in on the Eurostar from Paris and paid just under 12 pounds to get from Waterloo Station to the hotel. On our leaving, the hotel arranged a cab for us to Victoria Station, where we caught the Gatwick Express. We are very grateful for how this played out. The driver was right on time, and he took us to the very door we needed to enter to go directly to the train. We didn't know that on the day we left (Sunday) the service had been reduced from every fifteen minutes to every half hour, and we were lucky to get some of the very last seats on the waiting train (again, thanks to the driver taking us to the right spot instead of just dumping us at the general Victoria entrance). Considering the huge backup at Continental Airlines when we got to Gatwick, it's very doubtful we would have made our flight otherwise (and we had a three-hour lead time to make it). Two very small things that are not complaints but which the hotel may want to check. The tiny fridges in our rooms were great for keeping drinks cold but both of them have big ice blocks in them. They worked, but probably if the machines are not defrosted they could come to harm, which would be a shame and an unnecessary expense to replace. Also, the windows in our 4th floor suite do not close such that you can engage the locks. Our last night there the wind came up pretty strong and you could hear it howling and rattling through those windows. Seems like this could run up the heating bills, though we did not need any heat at all while we were there, and we got a good night's sleep anyway. Staying at this hotel sure contributed greatly to my group's having a wonderful short vacation in London.	
Mar 18 2007 	Wonderful Place!!	Absolutely one of the best! Wonderful service, nice clean rooms, great breakfast every morning, and the staff is wonderful. I'll be sure to stay here on my next trip to London.	
Mar 16 2007 	Practically perfect in every way	I live in England and took two American friends to visit London for two nights. Our room at the Darlington was perfect for three friends--quite spacious and we had three good sized single beds all lined up in a row. (We felt like the three bears!) We had plenty of room for our suitcases and a nice table to settle our things onto. The bathroom had a combined shower/bath and a nice-sized pedestal sink. This was not a fancy shmancy place, but we did not want to pay that kind of price, and I think we received excellent value for our money. We even had a flat screen TV with lots of channels, though we never had time to really take advantage. We also had a large wardrobe to use with several hangers, and a fridge. It was important to me that we were in a non-smoking hotel and they appear to take that very seriously. You'll be charged a minimum of 50 pounds if your room smells of smoke. We had continental breakfast every morning. It was a great deal! Toast made to order, hot chocolate, tea or coffee, cereal, rolls, oranges and bananas, and juice. (You can pay extra for scrambled eggs or a full English breakfast.) I enjoyed the dining room a lot. Nice and airy. Staff was all pleasant and helpful. Location is very convenient to Paddington, though after two days I did kind of wish that we were directly off the District line. I think it took us about half an hour to get to Leicester Square. To take the Heathrow Express or Connect trains, however, you have great access. I recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay somewhere clean and well run, without all the frills and expense of a fancier hotel. We paid 140 pounds a night which was a great value after splitting the cost three ways. I think I had expected the hotel itself to be a little fancier from the reviews, but my impression was of a newer kind of dormitory. Definitely gets the job done, but without a ton of charm:)	
Mar 13 2007	Pretty Good	We stayed here for two nights in March. The hotel is on a busy street, but the noise wasn't too bad. I have to say that I was not that impressed upon approaching the hotel, but upon entering things got much better. It was very warm and cozy. Our room was a double room and it was small, which I suppose is standard for London. It and the good sized bathroom were spotless. Breakfast was included in the rate and it was very good. The staff was very helpful and polite. Only thing was they couldn't recommend any good/exciting restuarants to try. They have a list of suggested places, but they were pretty basic/generic. I would say our stay was slightly more than adequate. The hotel is located very close to Paddington station, which was very helpful.	
Mar 13 2007	Excellent value for London	Stayed 3 nights mid-week in a suite. It was spacious with a seperate lounge area with sofa, desk and Flat Screen TV, the bedroom was nice with another FS TV which we never had time to watch. Bathroom was OK with good supply of fluffy white towels and hot water. Everything was very clean and the small fridge was useful for the Harrods goodies!Plenty of hanging space and iron &amp; board in wardrobe was handy too.Breakfasts were lovely and the staff were some of the most pleasant staff we have come across in London.Location is great - Paddington area can seem a bit grotty but its a superb location for getting around. We found some good restaurants and pubs quite close by - just do a bit of research before you go.The negatives - not many I'm pleased to say. If the bed had been more comfortable and the floorboards didn't squeak so bad I would have give this place an excellent because it was in every other way but those two things - which were more annoying than a real put off. The value for money at this place couldn't be beat so you can't have everything.I'd stay here if I was basing in Paddington again.	
Mar 13 2007 	Fantastic Stay at Darlington Hyde Park	I booked the Darlington Hyde Park after reading reviews on Trip Advisor. I wanted some where to stay with my father and we booked a twin room. To our surprise and delight when we arrived we had been upgraded to a family room and had a double room each. The team at the Darlington are very helpful and friendly and we both really enjoyed the cooked breakfasts. I have been recommending my friends to stay at the Darlington as it is great. So convenient for the Heathrow Express too. I can not fault the Darlington Hyde park.	
Mar 12 2007 	Highly Recommend This Hotel	We visit London once a year and stay in a different hotel, but in the same general location, each time. The Darlington has been by far, the nicest place we have stayed in the past 5 years. We stayed in a triple room, as we had a toddler with us and it was perfect - The room was airy, spotless, the beds comfortable, and the hotels' public areas were clean and bright. The staff were friendly and obliging. We were sorry we were not staying longer. We will definetly be making a return to this hotel and recommending it to any of our friends wanting to stay in London.	
Mar 1 2007 	Loved The Darlington	Good location,. Very accommodating and pleasant staff to the point of free coffee after we had checked out and had returned to collect luggage later that afternoon. Excellent cooked breakfast. Excellent bedroom with all facillities and good bathroom with plenty of hot water. Would definately stay again when visiting London.J &amp; B North Yorkshire UK	
Feb 24 2007	Lovely hotel	We stayed for one night at the Darlington Hyde Park Hotel. The hotel was far enough away from the train station to be quiet, and yet close enough to walk with your luggage!The hotel is clean and smartly decorated. Our room was on the lower ground floor and was incredibly quiet. The room was large and spacious with white fluffy towels in the bath room which was very clean as well.We found the staff friendly and polite. The breakfast was served in a light and airy room, again on the lower ground floor. The food was plentiful.After checking out, the staff allowed us to leave our suitcases at the hotel all day, as our train left in the evening. I would reccommend this hotel. The location is good and the price excellent value for London. We booked it on a late deal.	
Feb 20 2007 	Great reasonable priced hotel	Overall our stay in this hotel was very good. Staff were helpful and the breakfasts were worth getting out of bed for. Very handy for transport links to the various train stations and airports. Bathroom not huge but has everything you need. Rooms well set. Would stay here again and will recommend it to friends.	
Feb 11 2007 	Top location 	Arrived after dark on a Friday night but still an easy trip on Paddington Express from Heathrow and a couple of minutes walk from the station. Within 20mins walk of Oxford St but could use the tube if don't fancy the walk. Plenty of places to eat/drink with recommendation guide from previous guests a nice touch. Very friendly staff at front desk and at breakfast. An excellent base for visiting central London.	
Feb 11 2007 	Great Hotel Convenient Location	I stayed here in November and we enjoyed it. It is very convenient to the tube; with in walking distance to Paddington Station. Which is great since you can take the express train from Heathrow and then it's only two blocks away. You can also walk to the Central Line. There is a great Indian restaurant around the corner. We booked a one bedroom suite for a great rate using Londontown.com. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 5 2007 	Excellent Hotel	We booked a triple room and got 3 single beds which is exactly what we wanted. The room was spacious and clean. The bathroom was clean and fresh with a good sized bath. The breakfast was excellent. Full continental and bacon and egg (singular) cooked to order. The location was also excellent being only one block from the Underground and a variety of restaurants. A hint for using the internet....there is an internet cafe close by which is much cheaper than connecting to the internet via the hotel. The hotel staff were excellent, the receptionist even went out in the cold and rain to get us a cab after the one she had called failed to show up.	
Jan 26 2007 	Nice Place	Nice hotel. Clean rooms, ours were on the lower level. Have hi def LCD tvs which were nice. Only negative was a little noise from the Underground (you could faintly hear trains traveling through). Great part of town. We were first time in London and were very happy with the area. Lots of restaurants wihin walking distance.	
Jan 24 2007	Welsh travellers	Very pleasant and helpful staff. Good sized clean rooms with all the facilities and info required. Very quiet at night despite being on the main road. Ideally sited within a few minutes walk of Paddington station.Fantastic full English breakfast in good clean surroundings. The breakfast staff were very helpfull and attentive.Highly recoommended.	
Jan 21 2007	Our London Home	It's with mixed feelings that I finally post a review of the Darlington Hotel Hyde Park. My husband and I have stayed at this hotel numerous times, and I have never reviewed it before because I'm afraid of too many people finding out about it. Most recently we stayed at the Darlington Jan 7-14. I should make it clear that the Darlington is not a luxury hotel. The rooms are small. There are narrow hallways and a very small lift that doesn't always work. But we have stayed at many hotels in London, and this one is by far the friendliest and coziest. Even though the staff is different every time we stay at the Darlington, they are always friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean. The beds are comfortable. The breakfast is very good - full english, cereal, etc. There are HD TVs in the room with satellite. The location is fantastic. The walk to the Oxford Street shopping district is less than 2 miles. Paddington Station is only a couple of blocks away. When we arrive at Heathrow, we take the Heathrow Express to Paddington and walk to the hotel - it's great!! Paddington is convenient because four tube lines run from the station. We look forward to our next opportunity to stay in our London home!	
Jan 11 2007	Good experience!	I was trying to book a room for new years eve and most of everywhere was fully booked, I was pleasantly surprised by the size of my room although my sister did get a smaller room. The facilities were clean, good breakfast, friendly staff to help. The location near paddington is a plus for those who would like convenience to the centre but yet not live right in the middle of it. It is also situated in the middle of other budget hotels etc so do remember to get the exact address when trying to get there by taxi!	
Jan 8 2007 	Small room but still recommended	I stayed at the Darlington for 4 nights in late November 2006. I am a solo traveler and I do expect single rooms to be small. But, in 39 years of both professional and leisure travel (approx 150 night per year), this was the smallest room that I ever had.That said, I still liked this property. The 2 things that are the most important to me in any hotel are quiet and clean and this property was both! The single rooms are in the back of the hotel and were very quiet, even with the window open a crack. And, the hotel was spotless from top to bottom.The breakfast offered a very good selectioon served in a basement breakfast room by friendly staff and was, again, spotless. I was somewhat concerned about the location, being on Sussex Gardens which is a busy road. But, since the hotel is set back, my fears were unfounded. Location is convenient, just 2 blocks from Paddington Station, for the Tube and the Heathrow Express, and is on several bus routes. I would recommend this as a good value for London.	
Jan 8 2007	Excellent Hotel	I stayed here on the 6th Dec. The hotel is very comfortable, calm and spotless. It is very close to Paddington Tube Station which means it is very accessible. I did not feel at risk in walking around the area (I am a 61 yr old woman) as in any city/town you need to be street wise. I would definitely stay here again	
Jan 5 2007 	Positives and negatives at the Darlington	I stayed at the Darlington for 4 nights (actually Jan 2007) and found it to be clean, comfortable with spacious rooms. Most of the staff was terrific but one young woman was extremely rude. Also I had booked a triple room that was listed as a &quot;family room&quot; for 170 pounds/night and when we were checking in she said (same rude front desk woman) that the charge was 105 per night per room. So either it was a &quot;family room&quot; or two rooms. In any case the two rooms shared a bathroom - again all of this was okay but there was no challenging this person. There was tea service in one room and I asked for a second tea service because my teenage boys were in one room and I was in the other - she said and I quote &quot;this we absolutely will not do!&quot; the remark took me completely aback. If this one person had not been in the picture I would have been much more satisfied. The breakfast is wonderful and served in a spotless basement breakfast room that has a beautiful skylight. there are laundry facilities on the property and one of our two rooms had a refrigerator. while the hotel is very close to paddington station, which is a positive, the actual neighborhood it is located in is not really a destination for london - it is much more residential.	
Dec 23 2006 	Pleasant stay at the Darlington	Accomodating staff. Nice double room with a lot of light and enough space. A bit noisy at night because of the traffic, nothing earplugs can't cure. Bathroom small but good enough. Breakfast better than in similar hotels.	
Dec 13 2006 	Loved the Darlington Hyde Park Hotel	Have just come back tonight from London. Stayed 2 nights at this hotel, it is a real gem. It is very clean and the staff are very pleasant. Great breakfast. Just 5 minutes walk from Paddington Station. Great value for money. Would definitely recommend.	
Dec 10 2006 	good city centre hotel	good hotel for tourists or business, clean, great location. Smart reception and friendly staff. Breakfast was good. more like B&amp;B but good value for central London	
Dec 8 2006 	Comfortable stay	An excellent stay - staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was small but modern and comfortable - you shouldn't need to stay in your room for much of the time in this city though! Delicious breakfasts, close to Paddington station - highly recommended.	
Dec 7 2006 	Good value but there are negatives	We stayed at DHP for three nights and found the hotel to be pretty good value. The two of us stayed for under GBP100 per night inc VAT and full english breakfast.The room was a decent size by london standards and clean but I found the TV a little small (and far from the bed) and the volume pre set to very low levels. The bed was small for a double (below standard queen size) and the mattress a bit too soft for my liking. As previously mentioned i found the room a little too warm and had to open the windows. And the safe did not work (both).As to the location its about 5-10 minutes from paddington and a little longer to lancaster gate. I found sussex gardens a little quiet . It gets dark in london about 5 and i was a bit wary walking at even 7 in the evening. I would not recommend this hotel for single lady travellers who intend to walk to tube stations at nights.Overall an above average experience, recommended for budget travellers. However the next time I would prefer to pay a little more and get out of the neighbourhood.	
Nov 30 2006 	cute hotel odd location!	I spent 4 nights in Nov. 2006 at the Darlington Hyde Park for approx. £ 89 /night, incl. VAT &amp; breakfast. Overall, I would say it's a pretty good deal for London, with a few caveats--esp. if you're a solo woman. My main caveat is the location, 5 minutes from Paddington tube, on Sussex Gardens Road. There are convenience stores, cafes, pubs and some restaurants nearby and a small grocery within walking distance. Sussex Gardens is an odd street, however: it's a veritable hotel &quot;ghetto,&quot; with, literally, dozens of hotels and B&amp;B's plopped one after the other. The main road by the Tube is well-populated, but the area around the hotel is dimly lit and very quiet. As a single woman walking back in the dark it made me nervous. (Overall, I consider London to be an extremely safe city; I live in Washington, D.C. and am very safety conscious.)Check in was smooth. My room was ready before the official check-in time. (Note that they'll request payment when you check in.) There is a lift, and the hotel is strictly non-smoking. It's also immaculate, and always staffed with nice people—they remembered me every evening--a nice touch when you're traveling solo. Clientele is mainly British: staid couples, some singles, and a couple of families with very young childen. I only met one couple from the U.S.--which gives the hotel a sort of Euro feel--in a good way! Breakfast (included) is served in a pretty conservatory with a sky-light. The nice waitresses showed excellent attention to detail, with fanned serviettes, full creamers, etc., on every table. The self-serve continental features tea, fresh and stewed fruits, apple and orange juice; dry cereals; milk; rolls; jams. You can also order white or brown toast which comes on a nice toast rack. I had tasty poached eggs; the canned mushrooms and the bacon were not as good, and the £1 latte was mediocre.I had a double room, which would be way too small for 2 people. There's nowhere to put your stuff except in the closet, so I lived out of my suitcase. The room was immaculate my entire stay; it's also well lit, with a desk and desk chair, 2 nightstands, a large-ish TV w/remote (there are 6-8 channels, but the sound is, irritatingly, kept at an almost-inaudible volume). The closet has enough hangers for one person. There's a (free) safe, a small fridge, 2 open-able windows. The shower is very nice and there's a heated towel rack and cute Soames toiletries. The tub is very deep, so beware--it's difficult to get out of, even for me; the vintage sink has separate hot/cold faucets. The room was overheated, although you can control the thermostat. I had the heat off the entire time and opened the window. If you're noise sensitive, beware the street side, because it's very loud. Electricity is controlled by your room keycard, and you can't get into the hotel itself without the key card. My major caveats: The hotel itself is safe, as noted, but the area just isn't the best. Paddington lacks amenities (no Boots?!) and the hotel street is, again, not-well-lit. There was no peep hole in the door, which I found disturbing. Also, no clock radio. I'm not sure if the hotel ordinarily provides a clock/radio, so just in case bring your travel clock or make sure your cell alarm works. Otherwise, if you’re looking for pretty good value at a step above a B&amp;B, I’d investigate the Darlington.	
Nov 12 2006 	Comfortable Good Location	The Darlington is located about four blocks from Paddington Station, near restaurants and pubs.The staff is friendly and helpful, the rooms are spacious and clean, and the bathrooms are well-kept. Though I had a room facing the street, I heard no street noise. Security measures were also comforting: residents must use a key card to enter several doors, on the ground floor as well as other floors. I had a very pleasant visit, especially considering the price. I will return.	
Nov 9 2006 	my cellphone	First i am sorry my english is not very good .i was in this hotel for 3 nights the room is ok but not so good for the average. The day that i hade to leave i put my cellphone on power to charge it, when i came back the room was cleaned by the cleaners and my cell phone was no more in the room i think it is majic but i call the manager and he just ask the clean staff and no more that i hade to leave i hade no time to call the police.just be inform	
Nov 5 2006	Great Stay + Great Price	Just returned from a 7 night stay at the Darlington. Clean room, comfortable beds, friendly staff, good breakfasts and conveniently located near restaurants, tube stations, bus stops and Paddington Station. At 86 £ a night I would recommend this hotel to everyone and I will definately stay there again.	
Oct 30 2006 	DHP Great Base For Short Break	This is the second time we've used the DHP for a short city break. The rooms are clean and comfortable, bathroom well appointed. Desk staff and restauraunt staff very pleasant &amp; polite. Cooked breakfast is excellent. Location is only 5 minutes walk from Paddinton tube &amp; rail station, which means you're only 15 minutes from the heart of the West End. It's in a pleasant residential area, so no issues walking back to the hotel at night (other that normal precautions) . Although cheaper rooms are available in London, you get what you pay for, and in the case of the DHP, what you get is well worth the few extra pounds. We certainly hope to return on our next rip to London.	
Oct 28 2006 	Good hotel good experience	We stayed 3 nights, the last week of September, Thursday through Saturday nights Our room was on the 3rd floor, facing the street. Comfortable beds and good pillows (not the hard foam kind). I thought the hotel was very well renovated; clean and well maintained. The staff was easily accessible, 24 hours a day. They were very courteous and helpful. Our room was spacious enough and the bathroom a good size with a large bathtub and shower. The weather was unusually warm and humid; so we had to leave our windows open all night for air. There is street noise, so we wore our earplugs each night. But the hotel itself was quiet. The daily breakfast was substantial including yogurt, toast, cereal and fruit. This hotel is one of many small B&amp;B types, all in a row down Sussex Way. It's just about 2 blocks from Paddington Station, Hyde Park and lots of transportation. London St. is just the next corner and there are several pubs, markets and newsagents to get what you need. This was our first trip to Europe/London and this hotel and its location worked out well for us. I would stay here again.	
Oct 27 2006	Great choice for London	I'll have to agree with most of the reviews here. It was a comfortable hotel in a good location. Sure, it's not central London, but that is just a tube ride away.The rooms and baths were a good size and modern. The breakfast room was a treat with a good amount and assortment of food and a nice skylight. The front desk staff were helpful and friendly.We felt safe.The only beef would have to be the road noise from the busy street outside. Since it was a bit warm, we tried to keep our window open, but ended up closing it and turning on the fan to drown out the noise and keep us cool.Other than that, I recommend this place highly as a base for exploring London via bus tour or the tube.	
Oct 22 2006 	Enjoyable	We stayed for 5 nights at the end of August and found it very handy for our visit to London. Our room was on the lower ground floor but had 3 windows opening up to the stairwell. Considering that, the room was airy and bright and very well maintained. The breakfasts were lovely and the staff helpful. The small fridge in the room was very much appreciated as the hotel has no bar facilities and a cold drink after a hot day of sightseeing was very welcomed. A drink machine in the hotel would be very handy.The hotel is only a 6 or 7 minute walk to Paddington Tube and Train. Just before the stations are 3 pubs, 3 restaurants, 2 takeaway food stores and 2 convenience stores. We also felt very safe walking this area, even at night. We would stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 22 2006 	Excellent Family Room!	I stayed at Darlington Hyde Park for 3 days with my mother, sister and daughter. I've read the good reviews about this hotel here but everything was better than I expected. Family Room for 4 people consists of 2 conveniently spacious rooms with two small closets for clothes and a clean and comfortable bathroom. I liked the room decoration, too. It was simple but not dreary. Every corner of the room had something refined. Every staff was kind and friendly. The location was excellent for Paddington Station users and The Big Bus (London Sightseeing Tour Bus) stop was also walking distance from the hotel. I know other London hotels of the same price level but this hotel is definitely the one with class! Note! Be careful when using the safe. Don't close the door of the safe before personalizing it with your credit card!!	
Oct 22 2006	Ideal base	Ideal for that short break in London. Found it as good in real life as reviews I had read for this Hotel. Very clean and homely, very hospitable management and staff - would stay here again. M.H. Winchester, UK	
Oct 17 2006 	Very comfortable	We stayed at the Darlington for six nights. Our room was a reasonble size and had plenty of storage. The bed, bed linens, and towels were of good quality. The bathroom was of a decent size. The room was extremely clean and in good repair. The location was convenient. (We found ourselves riding the bus more often than the Underground.) Breakfast was very good. I love love love English bacon. Staff - from the front desk staff to the women serving breakfast - were excellent. The laundry room was a wonderful convenience. The charge was three pounds for a wash - detergent included - and one pound for 30 minutes of dryer time. An iron and ironing board were in the laundry room. The coffee maker in the room consisted of an electric kettle, so we were limited to instant coffee in the room. Overall, a nice hotel providing very good value for the money.	
Oct 15 2006 	Great hotel good location	Based on Tripadvisor reviews, I booked Darlington Hyde through one of the discount websites. I was nervous, cause it was the first time I had done this, but it worked out great. My husband, daughter and I had a family room (for 3 -- Room 17, ground floor) at a web discount rate of about 105 pounds, incl. breakfast and VAT for 6 nights in late September. Although I had another hotel booked for our stopover night later in early Oct, we liked Darlington so much that we cancelled it, and came back to it (hotel rate was 120 pounds)The room: huge! A double and single bed, both comfortable. Very clean. Also, a small couch and sitting area, as well as desk. Bathroom incl. shower/tub and was a good size. We were very pleasantly surprised. The room had an in-room safe that you use your credit card to program, and a small fridge -- this was nice because there was a small grocery store at Paddington Rai Station that we got some fruit, carrots, wine for evenings, and lots of small fruit/convenience stores in the area.On arrival at Paddington Stn (on Heathrow Express -- worth the money!), not knowing where the hotel was, we lined up to get a taxi, but the gentleman organizing the shared rides, advised us to walk 'towards the line of trees' cause it was so close. Indeed, as advertized, it really is only a 10 minute walk to the hotel and even dragging along bags, it was an easy walk.The location was great. We arrived mid-morning, and the room check in wasn't until 3pm. So we stored our bags at the hotel (convenient luggage storage), had a bite to eat and then walked to Hyde Park (again only 10 - 15 minutes easy walk away) and spent the afternoon, waundering along the Serpentine. We found it very easy to get around -- Paddington Station (tube) was very convenient (there was another closeby tube station, but it was closed for construction). The buses were also easy -- there was a #7 that took us to the British Museum. And the tourist double-decker buses -- which we took the first day as orientation -- was right there as well.There were lots of restaurants and pubs within a few blocks of the hotel. We went to the Sawyers Arms the first night for pub food, and another night to ASK for Italian -- all within 5 minutes walk. The hotel also has a brochure of places in the vicinity that their guests have recommended. And there was an ATM nearby as well.The hotel's breakfast room is below ground, but had a lovely skylight so it never felt like a basement room. The ladies serving were very attentive, and you had a choice of continental (yogurt, rolls, cereals, grapefruit salad or whole fruit) or English (bacon, sausages, eggs, tomatoe, mushrooms). My daughter said the hot chocolate was the best!I used the small self-serve laundry, and though it was a little pricey compared to laundromats in Canada, it was convenient and I was able to do a load (wash and dry) in a few hours one evening.All in all, we were so exceptionally pleased with this hotel, I would highly recommend it to other families.	
Oct 2 2006 	couldn't've been better	Spent 6 nights; comfy, luxurious (in-room safe); a tad small, but I was just able to do my Tai Chi in the room. Great location, near Paddington and Edgeware Rd stations, Hyde Park, Edgeware and other shopping areas. Prices not bad ($160/night). Staff was quite helpful: when I notified them that I'd blown a circuit breaker, the man literally RAN up the stairs to fix it. There's even a washing machine with its own detergent. Will stay there again if I ever go back to London.	
Oct 2 2006 	Wonderful	We had two stays here for a few days each and couldn't fault this lovely hotel. The staff were very friendly and attentive, the breakfasts were delicious and a great selection of healthy options with fresh bread rolls. The rooms were elegantly set out with lovely furnishings. Ideal location when in London - handy to everything and we walked every where.We would highly recommend this wonderful hotel and will definitely return. We were lucky to get special rates over the internet. Sue and Mike Ryan, New Zealand.	
Oct 2 2006 	Great hotel reasonable for London too	Booked this at last minute for business trip to Lonon and was very pleasantly surprisedJust a short walk from Paddington and set in a nice row of houses.Very pleasant and helpful staff, especially on arrival and at breakfast.Nice to get breakfast included and it was nice tooMy room was spacious with a very comfy bedRoom faced main road but once I had shut the windows was fineWould definitely stay here again	
Sep 26 2006 	I agree with all other reviewers	We booked two rooms for 3 nights here in September. Everything was great. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was delicious and fast. The rooms were clean and decent sized, not small at all in my opinion. Nice sized clean bathrooms. It's located within a 5 min walk from the tube station and many budget priced restaurants, pubs, and grocery stores.Our rooms were facing the street and you could hear the traffic at night but it wasn't bad at all. There were not a lot of motorcycles or loud vehicles on the street so the noise wasn't as bad as I was expecting. The advantage to having a room that is facing the street is you get a nice breeze through the open windows, I don't think there would be much of a breeze in the rear facing rooms. I would definitely stay again!	
Sep 15 2006 	reasonable for run-of-the-mill accommodations	The Darlington is set amongst rows of similar looking hotels in Sussex Gardens. A five minute walk from Paddington Station and the Heathrow Express makes it quite convenient for air travellers. The people at the hotel are friendly and eager to make your stay comfortable. Breakfasts were well managed and convenient adding to the overall value of this experience. London is not known for large rooms. The Darlington is no exception. Our double room was clean with modern conveniences. My brother booked a single room nearby which was the size of a large closet. The quieter rooms are at the back away from Sussex Gardens, they may also be a little smaller and I wonder if the cheaper prices are reserved for smaller rooms?!	
Sep 7 2006 	LOVELY HOTEL	We stayed for 5 nights from the 10th of August. Easy to find if u catch the Heathrow Express from the airport, juts a 15 min trip and then a walk up 2 blocks to Sussex Gardens and the Darlington is right there. Liked the fact the front door is locked unless u have an access card or are buzzed in. Other Hotels on the block just have the front door open so anyone can wander in.Staff very friendly, happy to oblige with maps, umbrella and wine glasses and bottle opener for our room. We had a suite with separate lounge and very nice.Bed a little old with a spring u could hear moving when u sat down but apart from that a really nice room, period decor and very clean.Breakfast in the restaurant downstairs nice and waitresses very helpful. Most english a second language but very friendly and remembered your personal details ie: type of coffee etc. Great location for walking to Paddington station and Edgeware station, 10 min walk to Hyde park and Harrods around the other side and abouit half an hour walk along Edgeware road, to Regent st and then Oxford st, so basically really central. Totally loved our stay and will def return.	
Sep 5 2006	Very comfortable	Staying at the Darlington was a very pleasant experience. The staff are pleasant, the room was clean and spacious, and the breakfast hearty. And the hotel's no-smoking policy is much appreciated.	
Sep 4 2006 	Great Location Good Hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel last week upto Saturday. We had room 206 (on second floor right next to lift). Good size with good amenities including TV and tea/coffee making facilities and safe. Bathroom could do with a revamp but clean as was the room. Good Breakfast. The proximity of this hotel to Paddington station and the Heathrow Express is a very very big plus. All in all our stay was a pleasant one however we could hear every step took by the guests in the room on top of ours due to the squeaking floor boards. This was very annoying especially in the mornings since it woke us up earlier then we intended!	
Aug 16 2006 	Great location very comfy	My daughter and I stayed here last weekend and really enjoyed it. Our room was just the right size, clean, and comfortable. The included breakfast was also excellent. We will definitely stay here again the next time we are in London.	
Aug 15 2006 	Great hotel but no air con	Great size rooms, great location and great staff. Only downfall was that in 36 degree heat in london, the room did not have air conditioning. I would like to mention the manager who assisted in upgrading me for a small fee so that I could get a larger room and check in at 9.30am in the morning. I had arrived from a 23 hour flight with a bad cold and couldn't deal with walking around london in 36 degree heat for 5 hours. The manager was very accomodating and friendly. The included b/fast was great. I could not fault this hotel except for the lack or air con but how often does London get to these temperatures?? The room did have a fan which provided some relief. I would definately recommend this hotel as the location, price, facilities and service are excellent.	
Aug 10 2006 	Good location but a bit shabby	The Darlington is in a great location. Just a quick walk from the Heathrow Express in Paddington Station. Unfortunately the room we got was pretty old and in need of renovation. In addition, the room was not air-conditioned so in the July heat we had to open the window which meant the room was very, very noisy. The breakfast was however fantastic - easily one of the best breakfasts we'd had. If you're wanting somewhere to stay for a night before you move onto somewhere else I would recommend the Darlington.	
Aug 7 2006 	Great hotel. HIghly recommend it	We spent a week in at the Darlington Hyde Park from July 14-21/ 06 (in the middle of the heat wave). It would have been nice to have had air conditioning, but we were able to sleep comfortably using the portable fan in our room. We found the location very convenient - 5 minutes or 3 blocks from the Tube and the Paddington Express. The room (103) was large and nicely decorated with 3 sets of large french doors which opened and overlooked the street. I suspect this is one of the best rooms on the hotel. Large bathroom with an extra large bathtub. Breakfast was excellent - everything made fresh to order plus cold buffet. Very clean everywhere and staff very helpful. Best of all, the price was very reasonable - 87 Pounds including tax and breakfast (we booked with the hotel 6 months prior). The location was just great as it was just off Hyde Park in a very nice neighbourhood with easy access to Speakers Corner, Marble Arch, Kensington Gardens and the Paddington train and tube station. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 4 2006 	Great Hotel	Stayed here on 2 ocassions in July. We were there in the middle of a heat wave but we were provided with fans on both ocassions. On our first stay we were given a room that faced the a inner courtyard so we had no noise problems if we opened the balcony. On our second stay we were given a room that faced the street and was next to the elevator, the public telephone and the reception entrance. To be honest we had no problems with the noise and slept very well. The hotel staff is very helpful. The breakfast was very good indeed and the girls who serve it are very nice. The hotel even has a laundry room for the use of the guests, that was a plus for us because we were travelling with a 10 month old baby. It's a bit pricey to operate the washer and dryer but the price includes the detergent and softener. The bathrooms are very clean. Our rooms included a mini fridge and safe box. The location is superb as Paddington station is just a few blocks away. Hyde Park is also very near and we enjoyed walking there with our baby. We will definetly stay here again.	
Aug 1 2006 	Good location but hot and noisey	We stayed at the Darlington Hyde Park Hotel on two separate nights in July 2006 about 2 weeks apart. Both of these nights happened to be in the middle of a heat wave that was effecting most of southern England. Unfortunately neither of the rooms we stayed in had air conditioning, which meant we had to leave the windows open to have any chance of getting any sleep. This would have been fine, except that the rooms face the street and there is traffic on that street all night long. Suffice to say we did not have good sleeps either of the nights.On the good side, however, the hotel staff were very polite and the rooms were impeccably clean. The shower had good water pressure, and the safe in the room was a nice bonus. Finally, the hotel is not 5 minutes walk from Paddington Station, which is SO convenient; Paddington is a major underground station and also has express trains to Heathrow airport. So instead of spending 60 pounds for a 40 minute cab ride to the airport, you spend ~20 pounds for a 15 minute express train ride. And when you want to travel around the city for sight seeing, the Underground is minutes away.Also, the room rates were pretty good. The second night we stayed we were in a smaller room than the first night, which was fine for us since all we needed to do was sleep...and it was only 89 pounds!! That's almost unheard of for a hotel room in London.I would recommend the DHPH as long as there is no need for air conditioning and you can keep your windows closed. Otherwise you'll be hot and kept up by the traffic noise.	
Jul 24 2006	Darlington gets a 5	London is expensive and crowded, but this hotel worked out great for us. Coming from a 2-week German/Poland trip, I just needed a place to stay for one night near Heathrow or Paddington while zipping around some sites for a day. This hotel is an easy walk from Paddington, where the Heathrow Express ends. There are lots of restaurants and shops in the area and it's an easy connection to the Underground. Our room for 3 adults was HUGE, the largest by far on our 2.5-week european vacation. It had all the amenities you could want, on a typical lovely rowhouse street. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 13 2006	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at the Dalington Hyde for five days in June. Everybody was very friendly and accomodating at the hotel and helped us out in a number of ways. We were able to book their family room, which accomodates 3 to 4 people. For a family of three, this is a VERY large room. For us with four people, the room was still very spacious and comfortable. The room is located on the ground floor and facing the back of the hotel, away from street noise. Also, the room is located directly above the breakfast room, so that younger kids will not disturb other guests in the afternoon/evening by playing in the room! The bathroom was very clean, as was the hotel overall, and for a London hotel very large. The Hotel provides a rather good selection of soaps/shampoo etc. This is not really common in Europe. Also, a hairdryer is installed in the bathroom, as it is in almost all hotels in England, but not normally on the Continent. The beds are European sized, but comfortable. The room included a small hotel sized fridge and a safe. Breakfast was very nice with a good number of choices. The breakfast room was bright and cheerful and the waiters were more than accomodating and nice. We saw guests arriving for breakfast at the end of serving time and still be able to receive a very good selection of everything, including fresh tea and coffee. The hotel does not have a/c and it was very hot in June. Opening the windows and turning on the room fan helped. The Hotel has a washing mashine and a dryer for their hotel guests to use. The neighborhood around the Hotel is not the very best of London (working class, but NOT seedy!). I felt perfectly safe with my children here. The restaurant recommendations in the area are for mid-range restaurants, but the ones we tried, were a good value and for England actually rather good. Paddington Station is close by and we were able to get to Westminster Station in about 20 minutes. We also used one of the double-decker sight-seeing buses that have a stop just off Paddington Station. Hyde Park is close by and the entrance closest to the Darlington Hyde leads to a small playground! Perfect after a day of museums for the kids (and the parents). Overall, we have already recommended the Darlington Hyde to friends and would come again.	
Jul 11 2006	We loved this hotel!	My partner and I stayed here at the end of May. The train station is about a 5 minute walk. We arrived hours earlier than the check in time so the hotel held our bags while we went on the hop-on hop-off double-decker tour. That’s an excellent value! London, in general, is very expensive but thought this hotel was worth the cost. We made arrangements directly with the hotel and were able to get a very good deal. Excellent places for dining were within walking distance. We purchased tickets for a show at the Garrick theatre and dined afterwards in one of the Italian restaurants. Cab fare wasn’t too bad to get around because many of the tourist attractions were nearby. We went to the Portobello road for shopping and coffee. The hotel also had pamphlets for excursions. We went to Stonehenge and the tour company picked us up in front of the hotel. The only down side was that we didn’t get transportation directly back to our hotel. The hotel was exceptionally clean and in an excellent, quiet location. Large rooms were very nice, however, they do not have air conditioning. Luckily, we only had a very hot, muggy day on our last night. Otherwise, it would have been very difficult to get any sleep in the heat.	
Jul 7 2006	OK	We stayed at the Darlington in mid-June 2006. We had a suite on the 4th floor, which had a sitting room on the noisy street side, a bathroom, and a bedroom on the quieter backside. The rooms were ok-not very big, and, as others here have said, somewhat shabby, but clean. London was very hot at that time, which made the room sometimes sweltering. No air conditioning, and opening the windows let in a lot of street noise. I would not have wanted to be in a regular room facing the street. There was a fan, which did ok, but it never really cooled down. On 2 of the days we were there, the elevator didn't work, so it was a haul going up 4 floors-fortunately it worked when we had to transport the luggage. The staff is friendly enough, and the location is convenient to bus, underground, and train transportation. There are tons of other hotels and restaurants in the area, and the hotel did have a brochure listing about 10 nearby restaurants supposedly recommended by the guests-we tried a couple, and they were ok. Beware, however, that the Paddington area attracks some low lifes, who can be a hassle on the streets; when I was in one of the restaurants recommended by the hotel's brochure, one of these punks came in, started hassling me, and eventually punched me before running off. So be careful. Overall, given the high prices everywhere in London, the Darlington is OK for the money.	
Jul 4 2006	Ok but stayed at better for the same price	We stayed at the Darlington Hyde Park for one night at the end of June. We had a room in the back of the hotel which was very small. The photos shown in other reviews are rooms in the front facing the street. Our room was not nearly that big. We had about a foot of walking space in between the bed and the built in desk. The bathroom was also extremely small. However, it definitely was clean and the staff was friendly. There was no A/C, but the room did have a fan. Breakfast was included, but dont believe the &quot;eggs cooked to order&quot;. I asked for egg whites due to dietary issues, and was told &quot;No, the kitchen was too busy&quot;. Overall, it was OK, but we stayed 4 nights after in the Hesperia London Victoria for the same price and it was much bigger, had A/C, pool and a workout area. The Darlington works as a budget hotel, but I think if you search you can find better for the same price.	
Jul 3 2006	Darlington Hyde is as good as it gets	The reviews are right on as this hotel is a 'gem'. Excellent location, very helpful staff, incredible breakfast, nice room....We previously stayed in the same area at the Hyde Park Paddington Hotel aka worst hotel in London and the Darlington is no comparison, however was the same price??? Darlington is highly recommended!	
Jul 1 2006	Highly recommended	Excellent tourist class hotel. Clean, spacious rooms. Friendly staff, good breakfast, excellent value for money. Suggest requesting room at the back of the hotel as the road outside is noisy 24/7.	
Jun 27 2006	Superb budget hotel	We stayed only one night at the end of our holiday. Everything was excellent - the staff were friendly and helpful, whole hotel was very clean, breakfast good in charming room in basement. Our room was small (which we expected) but fine, with French windows which opened - a real bonus to us. In a budget hotel I do not expect a huge tv or egyptian cotton sheets on the bed. The restuarant recommendations were a nice touch. To us the biggest difference between this and other budget hotels was the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff - that and the freshness and cleanliness of the hotel. We did not find noise a problem but that could be down to the room location. We would definately stay there again.	
Jun 25 2006	Large clean rooms	We (family of 4 with 2 teenagers) just returned from Europe. We spent 3 nights at the Darlington. We found the rooms to be large and clean. The beds were comfortable. There was a lot of street noise on the front of the hotel, none on the back. The breakfast was large and satisfying. While we were in London there was a heat wave (about 87 degrees for several days). The hotel does not have air conditioned rooms. Luckily each room does have a fan. The rooms were unbearably hot until after dark. The location was fine--in a row of hotels about 5 minutes from Paddington Station. We were near a large street (Euston?) which had many Middle Eastern restaurants. Cafe Maroush (Lebonese) was delicious but pricey (what isn't in London?). The Monkey Puzzle, down the street) was a nice pub with outdoor picnic tables where they barbeque at night.	
Jun 25 2006	The Darlington Hotel A Great Place to Stay	Have just spent 2 days at the Darlington Hotel, Hyde Park, would highly recommend it for a short break in the capital. The staff are very friendly and helpful,me and mum had a twin room on the 4th floor, there was a lift, the beds were very clean and comfortable, the towels were very big and fluffy, the only downside was, that as it was so warm, we had the windows open, and then had the 24 hour noise of London below, there was a fan in the room and we also had a fridge and a safe. Breakfast was really nice, a help yourself buffet of cereals, rolls, yoghurts, fruit and fruit juice, then a cooked breakfast all included in the price, hotel is very convenient, only 5 mins to hyde park, paddington and lancaster gate tube, and a 15-20 min walk to Oxford Street/Notting Hill, found 2 streets with restaurants on very close by, can highly recommend ASK, for its pasta,s, salads, pizza and chocolate brownie cheesecake!!, would have no hestiation in choosing to stay here again.	
Jun 23 2006	Darlington Hyde Park is Wonderful!	My wife and I stayed in the Darlington Hyde Park in May. We selected the Darlington Hyde Park after thorough research - in particular TripAdvisor which has become our standard for travel reviews - and it lived up to our expectations. The hotel was very clean and upscale. The staff was friendly, professional, and informative and went out of their way to accommodate our needs - both before and during our stay. Our room was clean and quiet, and although on the small side compared to US stds, it suited our needs very well. The in-room refrigerator and safe were a plus, as were the location and proximity to Paddington Station. The Darlington Hyde Park serves an excellent English breakfast. We would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 13 2006	Clean hotel friendly staff	On the plus side, the hotel was clean, the staff friendly and helpful-especially the breakfast staff. We looked forward to breakfast every morning in the sunny room with the limited cook- to-order menu-they were our best breakfasts all over Europe! The bathtub was nice and very deep and relaxing after a day of sightseeing. The location was good- it took 15 minutes to get to Paddington tube station on the Heathrow Express. Paddington tube was a 10 minute walk to the hotel. Paddington had too many stairs for my 70 year old mother to negotiate, so we were relieved that Lancaster Gate tube station was only a 10 minute walk and had only 1 set of stairs. On the negative side the room was cold-regardless of what temperature the thermostat was set at, the towel warmer wasn't working, the safe wouldn't accept any of my 3 American credit cards to lock it up, and we had a twin room (2 twin beds) but the bed had no top sheet and the blanket could be too warm at times. The room faced a noisy street and I had to use earplugs. You have to leave your room key in a slot just inside the door to work the electricity. The carpeting and bedding appeared shabby. We did enjoy the hot tea and biscuits in our room every afternoon.	
Jun 9 2006	Not worth it	DId the owners family members leave all of teh positive prior reviews? The rooms were rather large, but the bed was small and very uncomfortable. It is listed as a 4 star, but the furniture looked liek it was taken from a cheap motel. The TV was so tiny (I would not even take something that small camping). While it is in a nice location, there are literally over a 100 hotels in the area. This is a 2.5 star hotel at 4 star prices. Whiel teh hotal has air conditioning, the rooms do not, and if you wantto try to cool down you will have to open your windows and hear the loud sounds from teh busy street that borders the hotel.. Stay at the Hilton Paddington was much nicer.	
Jun 8 2006	An excellent stay...	We stayed for 4 nights at the end of May and found the hotel quite nice. Yes our room was on the small side but we expected that. The hotel is very clean and the staff very friendly and helpful. Our room was located on the front of the hotel and we did get some road noise in the morning but with the heavy curtains this was not any issue. Breakfast is served in a room downstairs and you get a few choices such as english breakfast, continental or eggs cooked to order. The lady that waited on us was very frindly and in a great mood each day. BTW: the english bacon is excellent, much better than we get here in the states.The area around the hotel is nice and quiet with many pubs and restraunts within a few blocks. The hotel has a brochure which highlights the top restraunts in the area as picked by other travelers. We tried the Indian restraunt and found it very good. As well, a couple blocks from the hotel is The Victoria Pub which we found to have the best steak and ale pie. As well, Paddington Station and Lancaster Gate are both a short walk so you get hit a few different tube lines.Downside?...no wash clothes are provided so be sure to take your own.....no iron avalable in the room but there is one located in the laundry downstairs.....Wi-fi for 5 pounds and hour or 10 for 24 hours.As a whole we had a great trip although as mentioned on the forum, London is quite an expensive town due to the exchange rate for us Americans. And with smoking allowed everywhere it made it hard to sit inside of the pubs for long.Jeff	
Jun 3 2006 	Brilliant place to stay	This was our first trip using web based reviews such as tripadvisor and we can truly say that tripadvisor says it like it is. We even checked with a number of review writers and they gave us good feedback on The Darlington. The Darlington Hotel is a cut above those we reviewed in Sussex Gardens. It is close to the Paddington Railway station and perfectly placed for a variety of eating and shopping venues. Hyde Park and Oxford street are in comfortable walking distance and the A40 highway out of London is just up the road. We stayed 5 days in May from 20th and again 3 days from the 23rd May. We stayed in room 108 at the back of the hotel a nice quiet room and in 303 on the 3rd floor, there is a lift. The rooms are kept spotlessly clean. The breakfast is a full English breakfast and was included in our price of R87GBP for two people. The management and reception were always pleasant and accommodating. The security is superb. We would highly recommend using the Darlington as your base when you explore London. We will definitely go back there when we do our next trip to London.	
Jun 2 2006	Disappointed	I booked this hotel after reading the reviews, but was disappointed once I got there. The hotel is indeed quaint, the staff friendly (if not always knowledgeable), the rooms large, and the location great for catching city transportation. However, we could hear every step the guests above us took (they got up at 6 am) and the windows are old, leaking cold air and noise. The sheets are an inexpensive type and so a bit scratchy. Each guest gets a bath towel and a hand towel-if you want more, you have to pay for them. The hotel is set for wireless, but otherwise we were told there was no computer for us to use. However, there is an Internet café a couple of blocks away. The breakfast room is bright and cheerful and the food is average, (eggs cooked to order) and basic. This was my first trip to London, so maybe this is how most hotels are, but I would pay more money for a quiet room with comfortable bedding and modern facilities.	
May 31 2006	Dee-lighted	We stayed here for 3 nights just last week. Right off the bat, I knew their customer service was a step above. They graciously accomadated our 2yr old by upgrading us to a suite room and giving us a cot for FREE! We got a great rate at 95 GBP a night...sounds expensive, but comparatively speaking, it was really good. You really can't beat the location. It is a 3min walk to Paddington Station which has direct access to Heathrow and all the major tube stations in Central London. Very close to the hotel, there are a variety of restaurants, pubs and shops. There is an internet cafe close by as well. One of the major hop on/hop off bus tours has a pick up point near Pad Stn as well. The breakfast was great...the full English bkfst kept us going tlll mid afternoon and was a bargain considering it was included. The security in the hotel is great with multiple key-access doors throughout the hotel. The staff was pleasant and willing to offer advice. Our suite was spacious, clean and had such amenities as a hairdryer, fridge, safe, large closet, big fluffy towels, plenty of hot water and decent beds. If you are tall, like me (5'9&quot;), you may want to request a non-basement room as I had some difficulites in the shower. But perhaps they keep all the suites downstairs. The area is very safe and in an attractive neighborhood. I was not at all disappointed with our choice. Sure, the rooms could use some paint touch-ups and decor upgrades, but hey, for the price, you can't complain. The cleanliness was amazing. Would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
May 23 2006	Fantastic hotel!	We stayed at The Darlington for one night in May right before we left to return to the US. If we would've known about this hotel sooner, we would've stayed there at the beginning of our trip as well. This is a fantastic place to stay in London. Within a couple of blocks of Paddington station, it is perfect for rail access to Heathrow and the rest of the rail system. As far as tube access it is also close to the Lancaster Gate station so you have your choice of that or Paddington. The neighborhood is beautiful and full of great places to eat. The hotel staff was courteous, attentive, and so very helpful. Our room was absolutely huge for London standards with a big, comfortable bed. We had a bathroom with a shower which was clean with plenty of hot water and big fluffy bath towels. Breakfast is served in a large, bright room and cooked to order (our only complaint was that the mushrooms were canned!). We truly have absolutely nothing but praise for this incredible jem of a hotel in London. We will be staying there again!	
May 22 2006	What a find!!!	I booked the hotel after reading the reviews on this website and i wasnt dissapointed!! The Darlington is a really quaint hotel and SPOTLESS!! The room (102) was a good size and had many amenities. The staff where very helpful, even let us use their internet computer to look for attraction tickets! The breakfast was fab, cooked to order full English and continental buffet. This ones definatley on my &quot;will go back to&quot; list.	
May 21 2006 	Professionally run hotel	Located amongst other Victorian Houses converted to hotels and guest houses, the Darlington is set back from the road with a hedge in the front. Guests were a mixture of overseas and local tourists from out-of-town. Stayed for 5 days and nights. The room was spacious, clean with all the standard facilities of bathroom, wardrobe, desk, TV, safe, etc. Being a small hotel, there was no gym. The breakfast room is bright and cheery with the choice of continental or a full English breakfast (breakfast included in the room price). Service was at all times polite and very professional. The convenience of transport options includes buses, Lancaster Gate tube station near Bayswater Road which allows one to use the Central Line and avoid delays that may occur on the Circle and District lines available from the Paddington tube stop on Praed Street, and west bound trains from the nearby Paddington train station. Nearby attractions include, Alexander Fleming Laboratory Museum where penicillin was discovered and Tyburn Convent. On my departure from London I used the Paddington-Heathrow Express train to get to the airport.	
May 20 2006	Trust the ratings here it was great!	I read the reviews here on TripAdvisor and decided to stay at the Darlington Hyde Park for my London vacation and I'm SO GLAD! I stayed in room 403 (room with 2 twin beds) and it was very comfortable and clean. The staff was all very nice and the breakfasts every morning were wonderful. It was just a few minutes walk from Paddington and easy to hail a taxi when we needed. There were a few 24 hour stores nearby as well, so it was a perfect location - very convenient and a great bargain. I would reccomend it to anyone and plan to stay there again on my next trip to London. :)	
May 17 2006	Even Better than Expected	We arrived at the Darlington after a 25 hour direct flight from New Zealand. We were early, but were able to get straight into our second floor twin room. It was absolutely spotlessly clean, roomy and delightful. Two floor to ceiling windows overlooked Sussex Gardens - a wide tree lined street 2 minutes walk from Paddington Station.The bathroom was huge - full sized bath with power shower over. Another large window overlooking the street giving plenty of light and breeze.There were tea and coffee making facilities in the room as well as a hairdryer, fan, safe, trouser press and tv. The beds were so comfortable and exactly what we needed after our long trip. We spent three nights here and then headed off to Italy for 2 weeks. We came back again to the Darlington for another two nights at the beginning of May. We had another twin room on the third floor. Slightly smaller than the last, but still had the same high standards of housekeeping.The cooked full english breakfast is enough to keep you going throughout the day, and when you return in the evenings after plenty of sightseeing, there are loads of restaurants locally - reception have a list of recommended ones nearby.The staff at reception were extremely helpful. We actually had booked a double room, but my husband was unwell, so they managed to change this to a twin without any problems whatsoever. We were able to store excess luggage at the hotel while were were away in Italy for 2 weeks, and whatever queries we had, were answered promptly and always with a smile.All in all, I cannot recommend this hotel too highly - it was absolutely wonderful ... a real home away from home and I would without a doubt stay there again next time I am in London and recommend everyone I know travelling to London to stay there. I am certain it cannot be beaten on price or service.	
May 9 2006	DHP is a real gem!	We stayed at the Darlington Hyde Park over St. Patrick's Day weekend; our hotel decision was based on reviews here. We were not disappointed! Not only is this hotel just about the best bargain in all of London, but it is tidy and comfortable. I can say that the rooms are also quite large compared to most European hotels. Breakfast is super yummy, and you must order the cooked-to-order English Breakfast at least once! The staff are friendly and helpful. Our flight arrived early in the morning, well before check-in, but we simply dropped our bags at the hotel and they were sitting in our room when we returned to check in. The location of the Darlington is also ideal - right between 2 Tube stops, Paddington (a major station) and Lancaster Gate. Use the Tube to travel London; it is convenient and easy. There are also plenty of good restaurants in the vicinity of the hotel. Have some fish &amp; chips and a pint of ale at the Dickins Pub. We found the window seat to be an ideal place from which to people watch!All in all, our trip to London was wonderful, and we will definitely return to the Darlington Hyde Park when we visit again!	
May 6 2006	Great place	For London this place is a bargain. It's in a convenient location, with lots of restaurants nearby, as well as the tube station. Paddington station is also walking distance, very convenient if you come on the Heathrow Express which I recommend. The only drawback is the tiny, tiny single room. It's clean and comfortable enough for sleeping etc, I would recommend the double room at minimum if you want space. Still I'd most likely stay here again, probably in a larger room.	
May 3 2006	Absolutely perfect in every way!!	I have just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel from Sat 29th April to Tues 2nd May. I stayed in room 17 on the ground floor and it was superb. There was no street noise at all as this room is at the rear. The windows overlook a nice courtyard with pretty plants and small trees, very nicely kept. It was so peaceful and very private. The room is huge by London hotel standards and very smartly furnished: extremely comfortable beds with high quality mattresses, good linen and clean bedspreads - unlike some places, plenty of wardrobe space, a sofa, two armchairs, coffee table, desk and chair, TV and DVD player. There was a nice hospitality tray with tea, coffee, biscuits, decent kettle etc. The bathroom: well, what a wonderful surprise!! It was also very spacious and a fullsize bath, power shower, loads of hot water all the time, thick fluffy towels, nice basket of Gilchrist and Soames toiletries, so spotlessly clean it was fabulous. I cannot speak highly enough of the high standards of cleanliness throughout my stay and the attention to detail. Even a box of tissues on the bedside cabinet, great little fridge, a safe for your valuables and tastefully chosen pictures on the wall, attractive drapes at the windows. It was just perfect in every way!! I booked directly with the hotel and what a bargain.Breakfast was included in the rate and served in a charming basement room with a conservatory style roof letting in light. The serving staff were so genuinely nice. It was a pleasure to eat there each morning and the cooked breakfast was hot and tasty. The self serve breakfast buffet was elegantly presented and a good choice for a B and B hotel. The receptionists were friendly and efficient but don't expect any help with bus timetables, maps or local info. Get all that instead from Paddington rail and tube station which is under 5 minutes walk away. All in all I felt this hotel represented excellent value for money and I would use it again and again without hesitation. Just book it!!	
May 1 2006	Homely and twee	Hi my girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel on the 29th of April 2006 for 1 night to visit friends. We chose the hotel because of its central location and its recommendations on this site. The hotel is on Sussex Gardens, an area full of hotels that all appear very much the same from the outside. The area is lovely and clean, tree lined and quintessentially English yet 5 minutes from Paddington station. The hotel staff are very friendly, the hotel itself is very clean and well presented being made up of 4 Victorian house that were converted to a hotel. The rooms are nothing special yet nothing bad either they are just - well hotel rooms decorated very normally and practically but entirely clean and comfortable. The breakfast room is modern and airy and the breakfast itself quite minimal but very clean and tasty.If I had any criticisms of this hotel they would be that the rooms aren't very well insulated, you can hear every noise from the corridor but that's part of the hotels charm - its just like someone's house. The other would be some of the guests, they were a bit snobby, looking down their noses at my girlfriend and I because were are down to earth and not posh or fancy but you can hardly blame the hotel for that.All in all I can happily recommend this place but if your planning a trip here from abroad then just remember - be nice to the other guests, this is good old England - cock us a smile now and again it won't hurt you.	
May 1 2006	Would stay there again	Great location; friendly staff; clean. Only complaint - could hear noise from other rooms. But all-in-all would stay there again.	
Apr 29 2006	yes	stayed at the darlington for 8nites end of mar first of apr.had room 103 had to move ,too much road noise,24hrs aday!!!moved to 206,it was great.have new hairdryers now.took heathrow express to paddington.exit praed st,go south on london street to sussex garden,turn left ,the darlington is on the right pass about 6 or 7 other small hotels.it is a 8 minute walk rolling your luggage,very easy.cristini ristorante (3 minutes south)was great!!fair prices.aberdeen steak house ,across from paddington,was very good also.would stay again at this hotel.	
Apr 23 2006	Good service great location	I’ve always felt that a good hotel differentiates themselves not when everything goes right, but when things go wrong. My wife and I had booked a room at The Darlington through LondonTown.com at a very favorable rate for 3 nights in March. When we arrived around Noon on the day of our arrival we were told that our room wasn’t ready and that we could use their WC in the basement to freshen up and then check our bags. However, I also noticed that the price they quoted me was higher than what LondonTown quoted me. A manager was called who said he would call LondonTown and suggested we freshen up in their WC while he sorts it out. By the time we got back to the lobby (no more than 10 minutes) he had confirmed the correct (lower) price, and while they didn’t have the room we requested ready (a twin), he had a double that we could check in to right away. The option was open for us to change to a twin the next day if we wanted. I was very happy that the staff went out of their way to ensure we received the correct pricing on the room, and offered us the chance to check in to a different room so that we could rest a bit after our trans-Atlantic flight.We checked into room 100, a double that was small but accommodating. It had a nice balcony overlooking the sunroom where breakfast is served every morning. The floors squeaked badly, but the room had very high ceilings and we didn’t hear much noise at all from the room above. The hallway was very noisy, but thankfully there aren’t many rooms on the 1st floor and we didn’t hear much noise at all at night. Also, this is a back room, so there was no street noise at all. The bathroom was small but had terrific shower pressure. Breakfast was a very nice touch. Nothing extraordinary and I wouldn’t pay extra for it, but very glad it was included in the room price. Also the breakfast room is quite pleasant; it’s always nicer for a hotel to have a separate room for breakfast instead of squeezing it into a lobby like some hotels do. The last night we were there neither of our room keys would work to get us in through the outside door, but we simply buzzed and the front desk got us new keys. The area is very convenient to Paddington Station, only a 3 minute walk or so. The area is completely safe and there are several restaurant and pubs to choose from. We had a great Italian dinner at Ask, which was only a few minutes walk. It’s also within walking distance to Victoria Casino, if playing games of chance are your cup of tea.	
Apr 13 2006	Helpful staff. Good location. Very Small Room.	I stayed one night at the Darlington Hyde Park and was very impressed with the staff,the cleanliness,the security at the Hotel and the excellent breakfast served in a charming basement room.I was disappointed however to be in such a small single room. It was so small that it made packing and unpacking very difficult. It also meant that the room was subject to some noise from the corridor because it was so close.It was about a five minute walk from Paddington which was a little trying in the rain.I would recommend the Hotel and would stay there again.	
Apr 10 2006	was o.k. the Darlington	Having read all the good reviews we had high expectation, of course. so I begin with the not so pleasent issues: we have two safes in our wardrobe - both out of order, so they occupied precious space only (we were two women for 4 days, having lots of cloths . . .). we could hear the people walk (and snore!) in the room above us, quite disturbing late in the night and early in the morning. But the place is perfectly clean, changing towels every day, the breakfast is really good and the rooms are twice as big as the LDN-average ! Knowing London's hotel-scenery Darlington is a good little place, for affordable money, just in the middle between Paddington and Lancaster gate tube station.	
Apr 2 2006	Great Hotel	Stayed 4 nights March, 2006. Thought the room very spacious for a European hotel and was very clean. Could hear people walking above me but having stayed in other London hotel rooms brought ear plugs which were not necessary for street noise, only the walking. The cook to order breakfast was a wonderful suprise and the servers were very pleasant. Would recommend or stay there again without reservation.	
Mar 28 2006	just book it!	I did alot of research, especially on trip advisor, about possible places to stay. Tend to be a bit of a tentative traveller, in that I like a place to be primarily very clean, and then comfortable. With the Darlington I got both. Some of the pictures on Trip Advisor don't do it justice. It was great to arrive there and realise that instead of staying in a dump which I was afraid of (I was riddled with doubts like &quot;can you really trust internet reviews....&quot; and so on) I got a very comfortable room. It was plenty spacious, very clean and very comfortable. I was impressed with the security. The location is very nice and peaceful with restaurants/pubs etc. located nearby. Great for little walks. Five minutes to tube stations, but it is not far a walk from other points of interest. (No harm to stretch the legs.) Good solid english breakfast which is not (blissfully) covered in grease and is cooked to order, meaning it hasn't been sitting there all morning. Staff are lovely and very friendly. Didn't need their assistance with anything but sure they would have been more than willing to help. I was very impressed with it. Would recommend it to anyone. Just book it, and stop fretting about the standard of your accommodation in London. You will be very happy.	
Mar 24 2006	Great Hotel	We were in the UK March 10-14 (Took a side trip to Amsterdam) and returned to the UK and this same hotel and room on March 16-18. We had a very clean and quiet room in the rear of the hotel. A twin room, with a small hallway with a safe, small refrigerator and tea maker. The en suite bathroom was also off of this hallway but contained within the outer door to the room....so the room actually had two doors between the bedroom and hotel hallway. The hotel and room were spotless. (both visits) Beds comfy, as someone said &quot;hard to get out of&quot;. Breakfast was good full English breakfast, better than most. The waitresses were friendly (and cute!..Leave em a tip they work hard)There are a slew of hotels along this block. Some looked nice some so so...This was the only hotel that had four AA diamonds and it refelected that fact inside.It is a short walk to Paddington Station or Paddington Tube (5 min) or Lancaster gate tube,(5 minutes)in addition to the Lancaster Gate bus stop). They are doing some work on the Lancaster gate Tube station and I recall that it will be closed for awhile some time this summer (sorry, forgot the closing dates.)Also the Heathrow express runs between Paddington and Heathrow....better deal that a cab if it's only one or two people....Our hired driver did not show up so we &quot;winged&quot; it on the Express. (15 minutes)The electrical system is querky as one has to insert the room key to a switch on the wall as one enters the room to turn on the electricity but it is more of an oddity that an problem. (however the refrig seems to keep working regardless...)Would have posted pictures, but camera chips got lost at Heathrow security.Highly recommend this hotel.	
Mar 20 2006	Would revisit the Darlington	Hotel was newly refurbished and spotlessly clean. Our room on the 4th floor was small, but as we were only there for 2 nights it didn't really matter. The staff were friendly and helpful. We would stay there again if we returned to London.	
Mar 14 2006	Great Stay	We travelled to London on a fantastic GNER deal and were very impressed with the Darlington Hyde Park. We had a spacious, clean and well appointed family room - separate double and twin room. DVD, feeview etc. Friends had a double next door that was also fantastic. Wonderful beds!! So comfy that it was difficult to get up in the morning. The breakfast room was pleasant - a bit heavy on the music for early Saturday - but offered a good breakfast. All full and happy at the end. All in all we would recommend this hotel for its location (5mins from tube), cleanliness and breakfast.	
Mar 14 2006	A good deal	The hotel was easy to access being just a few minutes walk from Lancaster Gate tube station (Central Line). This puts the whole City within easy reach. The hotel was bright, fresh and well maintained. Our room was very clean and had everything we could need. It was very quiet although there was no view as such as we were at the rear of the hotel. I guess you could ask for a room facing the street. The staff were all very friendly indeed. You can have a full English or continental breakfast served in the basement conservatory. Help yourself to cereals, juices and fruits whilst your breakfast is being prepared. Plenty of coffee and tea refills available. Some lovely streets, mews and courtyards in the area to wander around. A walk through Hyde Park is only a few minutes away. Ideally located if you want to wander down to the Portobello Road Market on Friday or Saturday morning. Also there is an art market along Bayswater Road every Sunday morning, a stone's throw away. We ate at the Frontline Restaurant, Norfolk Place (just across the main road, within 1 minutes walk) - it was established to support those journalists, cameramen and photographers throughout the world who risk their lives in the course of their work. Great menu, really friendly and attentive staff, nice atmoshere and we loved the decor - all brick, wood, leather, glass and subdued lighting. We thought it very reasonable at ?67 for two, inclusive of service, especially as it has a 'Remy' award putting it in the top ten favourite restaurants amongst Londoners. The price included a couple of beers and bottled water but we did not have deserts or wine (diets alas!) although the list for both was very, very appealing. Check their website - -----. Back to the hotel, I am knitpicking now but for completeness: if you enjoy an early morning cup of coffee in your room, you may want to take some with you as the caddy only had tea-bags (and only two). We couldn't work out how to use the safe, but could easily have asked. The back ground heating was ok (outside it was freezing) but there was a temperature control on the wall for hiking the heat up, do this and the radiators (and additional heat) kicks in immediately. We initially thought they had insufficient towels for two until we found additional ones in the wardbrobe. And finally, there was a fridge in the room but unlike the usual mini-bar it was empty so if you like cold drinks available in your room, you need to stock it yourself. None of this amounted in the least to being a problem and for the price (we did a late rooms deal) you could not do better in London and we would certainly recommend this hotel. Enjoy your stay!	
Mar 4 2006	Fine Choice at Low Price	Lovely, well-maintained little hotel, close to Kensington Park and 4 blocks from 2 underground stops. Friendly, helpful staff. Full English breakfast, cooked to order. Single room was small but with top amenities and a great price.	
Feb 26 2006	Wonderful little hotel	My son and I arrived after hours of flight delays to this wonderful little hotel within a short walk of Paddington station. Our twin room was ready for us, even though it was 10 am and was extremely comfortable, with a nice bathroom (spotlessly clean) that was separated by a small dressing room from the bedroom. This was especially nice for us for privacy. The English breakfast was included and was delicious in a sky-lit breakfast room. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We would definitely recommend.	
Feb 22 2006 	Clean newly renovated hotel near Hyde Park	My wife and I decided to return to England this winter to take care of some business. We needed to be close to transportation, Hyde Park and Grosvenor Square. Darlington Hotel was just the place. We've had bad experiences in small hotels in London in the past but this hotel is just great. Rooms are reasonably sized with clean and complete bathrooms and enough closet space. Staff is courteous and sociable. Aside from the maze of corridors w/c is pretty much typical of London rowhouses converted into hotels, the place was easy enough to get around w/ a wonderful breakfast area that served both continental and english breakfast. Food was great and there was even an elevator serving the two floors. Location-wise, everything was within walking distance, plenty of surrounding restaurants and transportation. We actually walked to Grosvenor square and back. Given the chance, will most likely return.	
Feb 22 2006	Great location! Great value! Great staff!	My wife, adult daughter, and I stayed for five nights in a family room. The room was spacious for London, very clean, and quiet. The full English breakfast, which is included with the room, was excellent and saved us at least 10 pounds each per day. The hotel staff, especially Giovanni, were friendly, helpful, and very customer oriented. I booked the Darlington based on online reviews. We were not disappointed. The neighborhood was safe, with excellent restaurants close by. The close proximity to Paddington Station made for easy connections with the tube and the Heathrow Express train back to Heathrow Airport. The bathroom was large, with a tub and shower. Everything worked very well. The water pressure and hot water availability were excellent. The rooms are well decorated, but not lavish. There are a refrigerator and safe in the room. The Darlington exceeded our expectations. It has to be one of the best hotel deals in London. My daughter and a friend arrived a night before us. She felt very safe as a single woman traveler. She even called us upon her arrival to tell us the hotel was &quot;awesome.&quot; She is very picky, so this is high praise.  London is an expensive city. The Darlington was definitey the bargain of our trip. I would stay again and will recommend it highly to friends. I recommend the Big Bus tour for a great orientation to the sites of the city. It can be accessed across the street from Paddington Station. It is well worth the cost and the ticket is good for two days.	
Feb 12 2006	This place is the ONE for non-snobby travelers.	This is a great little place! Less than 5 minute walk to either Lancaster Gate tube station, Paddington tube station, Paddington Train station, Hyde Park and all of its attractions. Portobello Market is very near as is the area known as Little Venice with its canals. There are also some neat little places to eat in walking distance. One had great Greek dishes. No pretention just good food.I hope the owners of the Darlington know what jewels they have in Giovanni and Sylvia who work the front desk. They are incredible! The rooms were spotless, breakfast cooked to order included, and there is a washer and dryer available on site for a small cost.We had two different rooms #304 was a very nice double on the front side of the hotel overlooking the tree lined street. Just down the hall was #301 which is a VERY small single. The room was SMALL. The sink was SMALL. The shower was SMALL. But, I would stay in it again because of the price, and the cleanliness, and the breakfast, and the great staff!	
Feb 4 2006	Darlington Hyde Park	Darlington Hyde Park111-117 Sussex GardensPaddington Station, LondonJanuary 26, to January 31, 2006I originally made a reservation at the Darlington Hyde Park about two weeks before going to London through Expedia. The Expedia price was $96.00 US dollars per night. In addition, I sent off an e-mail to the Darlington directly and was quoted a price of $92 per night including a full English breakfast. Both prices include the VAT.The Paddington Station – Sussex Gardens area is a tourist dominated hotel area but very nice, very convenient. The hotel was about a 5 minute walk from the Paddington Tube Station on the Circle Line and about 5 minutes from Hyde Park.The hotel itself is very nice. I requested an early check-in, as I was arriving around 9:30am and was told they couldn’t guarantee one, but my room was ready when I arrived. A nice touch after traveling all night.The staff is very pleasant, the room, a single was small but well furnished and immaculately clean. Each day the room was cleaned with new sheets and towels.The lobby was being painted the week I was there.The English breakfast was very good consisting of coffee or tea, fruit juices, fruit, cereal, and a menu consisting of eggs with mushrooms or peppers, if desired, bacon or sausage and toast. The service was attentive.The area around the Darlington, mostly other small hotels was quiet.The Paddington Station area had an array of pubs and restaurants, ranging from Italian to Indian. Several Internet cafes were nearby.While in London don’t miss the Eye, the Tower of London, and the street performers around Covant Gardens.Overall, you can’t go wrong at the Darlington, it isn’t the Ritz but for the money you can’t beat it.	
Jan 21 2006	Well Worth the Stay	Great value hotel close walk to Paddington Station and Hyde Park. Stayed for a 2 night stopover to Lisbon so good location from airport train. Good sized room for London, clean and a seperate walk up area to higher level bathroom. Good English breakfast in downstairs breakfast room with glass roof so nice and bright. Staff friendly and helpful.	
Dec 30 2005	Excellent choice	We stayed at the Darlington in August 2005. We were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the hotel and the efficiency of the staff.The hotel is well located and is within walking distance to Oxford Street, Park Lane, Hyde Park and other areas (depending on how much you like to walk). It's also a short 5 min walk to restaurants, internet cafes and general stores on Edgeware Road.The breakfast room was particularly pleasant and the breakfast was hot and substantial. The staff is very courteous and friendly. Our room was nice, not fancy but clean, a good size and well maintained with a large bathroom. The only drawback was the noise since the hotel is on a fairly busy street, and ambulance / fire engine noises did wake us a couple times.Overall a highly recommended hotel where we will definitely return.	
Dec 21 2005	It was a very pleasant stay	Very helpful and pleasant staff. The room and bathroom were both immaculate and a good size. The food was good, not great, but good value for the money. We liked the extra security. We were in the front of the building, and there was some traffic noise, but acceptable when we closed the curtains and windows. No A/C, so it might be hot in the summer, but it was very comfortable in December. The location was also a plus, an easy 5 minute walk from Paddington in a safe area. I would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 20 2005	Still lovely after all these years	It was our 7 th. stay in this lovely, small hotel. And it`s still very clean, friendly and delicate. The furniture, paintings and decor is stylish and cosy. The service is excellent and the location close to Paddington is convenient. Hyde Park, Marble Arch and Oxford Street is within walking distance for norwegian feet! We are looking forward to our next stay.	
Dec 19 2005	Nice not perfect	Very clean and comfortable hotel, friendly staff.Not perfect, though. On our arrival - quite late at night, as our train had been retarded - we had to wait outside for 15 minutes as the doorbell did not seem to work. Only when another guest with a key arrived, we could slip in. Two nights later, we were locked out again, as the electronic key cards had stopped working. The night porter was putting out the garbage at the back of the hotel, so it took another ten minutes in the December cold before we could get in.This was also the first time ever we were requested to pay the entire stay on our arrival, although we had booked through the Internet and the hotel had our credit card data.	
Dec 13 2005	we have returned for the 5 th year to Darlington	A spottlessley clean, nice little hotel near Hyde Park and subway. No traffic noise in the night,comfortable beds and a welcoming atmosphere.We returned for the 5th year this autumn!	
Dec 10 2005	Darlington lived up to the good reviews	We stayed in the family room which is probably the best place in the hotel. We were downstairs but never heard noise from the laundry room or dining room. The family room has two rooms and a bathroom, clean and quiet. We are notoriously poor sleepers and yet found the beds firm, pillows perfect, and quiet. The staff is very friendly and helped with any issues, including our ride to the airport coming late.The breakfasts are great for vegetarians or carnivores, with rolls, fruit, cereal, eggs, sausage, yogurts--just about anything you want. A great value.Easy to get around London via Paddington or a five minute walk to Hyde Park. We felt perfectly safe there.	
Dec 4 2005 	Not Worth The Money	I booked this Hotel after reading alot of the good reviews on Tripadvisor. I was extremly dissapointed. I found the Hotel unimaginative, lacking in personality and distinctly average. I can't understand what all the fuss is about. The place was clean enough, but for the price there are far more interesting Hotels even on the same street, which are much better value for money and have alot more character. I will not be staying here again!	
Nov 30 2005	We Would Love to Return and Stay Again	1. The family/triple room had two separate rooms, two TVs, a large bath, and a sitting area. Fabulous!2. The included breakfast was superb, with very friendly and prompt service.3. Location was 1 1/2 blocks south of the Paddington station underground with direct connections to three different tube lines. This means direct route to Trafalgar Square, National Gallery Museum and fabulous shopping.4. 2 blocks from HYDE park, 30 minute beautiful walk to either Buckingham or Kensington Palaces.5. Fireplace always crackling in lounge and dining area (we stayed over Thanksgiving weekend). NOTE: Room had individual thermostadt, windows that open, a table fan if too hot, refrigerator, and a free room safe to use.6. Expedia gave us one of the best deals we could find (lower than when we called directly to check rates).RESULT: We would not hesitate in a moment to return!7. Only one caution about directions: There are two different &quot;Paddington Stations&quot;. This is located off the district, bakerloo and central line stops.	
Nov 29 2005	Quite well located north of Hyde Park but	Quite well located north of Hyde Park but there are so many hotels on Sussex Gardens even taxi drivers don't know which it is. The hotel is newly decorated throughout &amp; spotlessly clean.The staff are pleasant &amp; accommodating. The breakfast (cooked or continental) is excellent. However, the central heating in hotel is suffocating. Our room on the 4th floor was tiny &amp; overlooked the street, so there was constant traffic noise as we had to leave the window open because of the temperature, even with the radiator &amp; the thermostat turned off. You cannot turn off the bathroom radiator. Unfortunately the room safe was faulty. The hotel security is excellent, good for everyone but in particular women travelling on their own. If you want to be located north of Hyde Park, this hotel is a good option, but try to avoid a room on the 4th floor as warm air rises.	
Nov 28 2005	Great Find	Stayed 4 nights in a single and found the hotel up to the reviews here. Big towels, clean bathroom and while small by US standards, one of the best hotels for the price in London. There is a small fridge and a safe in the room, and good breakfast. Staff was helpful. While there are alot of single men walking the streets, this area of London does have cheap hotels and up on Edgeware Road a large middle eastern area. Only problem was the heat in the room as I was there during a cold spell and still had to keep both windows open all night. Would stay there again.	
Nov 22 2005	Great Little Hotel with Wonderful Staff!	My husband and I recently enjoyed a 2 night stay at the Darlington for part of our honeymoon. I have stayed in hotels in London before and didn't expect much. I was pleasantly surprised, mostly by the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff. Our plane arrived early in London and we took a chance that the hotel would hold our luggage until check-in time. They took our bags off our hands and let us wash up in a downstairs bathroom, making us feel very welcome and at ease. Our room was sparse, but comfortable and roomy enough for 2 people. The bathroom was clean and spacious. Our shower was broken, but to us it wasn't a big deal and we didn't bother complaining-just took relaxing baths while hearing the hustle and bustle of London outside our window!If city noise is an issue for you, ask for a room facing the back. We live in a small town and had a hard time sleeping with the scooters and late-night revellers outside throughout the night.I would stay at the Darlington on my next London visit. The location is so convenient, the price is moderate, considering a full english breakfast is included in the rate, and the staff are friendly and professional.	
Nov 9 2005	loved the Darlington Hyde Park	Awesome small hotel, street looks like a row of townhouses, excellent staff, esp. front desk.. Cat was our favourite. Extremely helpful, outgoing and fun. Sylvie also. Cat helped us book theatre on internet, and provided detailed info on other places for us. Small quaint room facing back, very quiet, very clean bathroom also. Lovely dining room with very good English breakfast, many choices in the buffet. Front door is locked, must press door buzzer for staff to let you in, or use your room key. Great location, few blocks from Paddington Station, we walked with luggage. Highly recommended	
Nov 8 2005	Excellent London Hotel - Highly Recommended	My girlfriend and I recently spent a Saturday night at the Darlington Hyde Park hotel making use of the Special Offer currently available on the hotel website.We found that, as usual, tripadvisor.com was absolutely spot on. This truly is a great hotel: clean, well furnished and welcoming. The staff are friendly, efficient and very professional and we were nothing but impressed by the standards on offer.Our room was a good size and very comfortable. My only small gripe would be that the rooms at the front are slightly disturbed by traffic noise but in the end it didn't keep me from sleeping, but my girlfriend was prepared and brought earplugs with her.Our breakfast the next morning was cooked to order and delicious. Some previous reviews on this site have suggested that the area around the hotel is rough. I discussed this with my girlfriend and we both agreed that this is not the case at all. The area is perfectly safe and although a bit scruffy up towards Paddington Station, should not put off potential visitors to this part of the city and a fine hotel.To sum up, this is an impressive London hotel. Combined with the special offer currently available on the website this hotel becomes very special indeed.	
Oct 30 2005	A Great stay	I booked in at this hotel because of the great reviews I had read on trip advisor and have to say that I could not fault this hotel. My husband and I spent a total of 6 nights there in September 2005. The first room we had was upstairs, nice and spacious (for a London hotel) and extremely clean. There is no airconditioning which made it a little hot, but in the other hotels we stayed at in London which were supposed to have airconditioning, the rooms were just as hot. When we returned for our last night there, the room was a basement room which was lovely. The breakfast was great. The staff were always friendly, even to the point of coming outside with us to hail a taxi so that it wouldn't be as expensive. It's little touches like that that make all the difference. The position is great for getting to Paddington station easily and there are plenty of nice places close to have a meal. If we are lucky enough to return to London, we will be attempting to stay at the Darlington again.Great work everyone there.	
Oct 25 2005	Fantastic hotel!	My husband and I stayed at the Darlington for two nights in mid-October 2005, and I have to say that it was one of the best hotel experiences we have had. I chose the Darlington because the reviews on TripAdvisor gave it great marks for cleanliness, and it was immaculate! The hotel is in a convenient location near the Paddington Tube stop. The room and bathroom were spacious enough for our needs. The breakfast was great and had prompt service. We had very little trouble with noise, even though we had a room facing the street. Two minor issues: they charged 1 pound each for our flannels (washcloths). Also, after my husband returned with the flannels, the manager came up and keyed into our room--with us still in it! Something about 'checking the room.' I found that a little odd, but we didn't have any other incidents and found the staff overall to be very nice. We would definitely consider staying here again!	
Oct 24 2005	Very pleased with the Darlington	We spent 5 nights in mid-October at the Darlington and were very pleased -- the room was larger than expected, as was the bathroom. We loved having a small fridge and the large, plush towels! The laundry room was much appreciated after having spent the 2 previous weeks on a narrow boat with no access to laundry facilities. They had even listened to the complaints about the hair dryers and supplied a brand new one in the desk drawer. The breakfast room was light and spacious, the breakfast choices were many, and the 2 young women working there were so pleasant.The rest of the staff was also pleasant and helpful. We were leaving early on our last morning and mentioned that to the front desk staff. They kindly offered to bring up a breakfast tray for us that evening which we never expected, but certainly appreciated.All this and only 2 block from Paddington Station and about 5 from Hyde Park.The only drawback was the road noise, but we had ear plugs and would ask for a back room next time.We have already recommended the Darlington to our friends. What a find!	
Oct 19 2005	Upstairs/downstairs	We stayed here during october 2005 and had two rooms. Both were downstairs(Nos 2 and 3). Nos 3 appears to be right below reception and the noise of the squeaky floorboards was disconcerting and started quite early in the morning - usually about 6.00am. So our mornings started wondering about the ability of the floorboards to cope with the load. Dont get room nos 3 - in fact be careful of any of the rooms downstairs.That said everything else is well above average and is in a good location. I would give it another try on my next visit. One suggestion would be to make the special coffee's(eg latte's etc)free rather than charging one pound. Just strikes me as a bit mean given the rates that are charged.	
Oct 18 2005	Top Five Requirements Met!	Our top five requirements in choosing a London Hotel were more than met at the Darlington Arms! The exceptionly located hotel had a triple security system: front door access; stair/elevator access; room access. The sparkling white walls, the spotless bathrooms and the immaculate rooms met every cleanliness standard. The young and enthusiastic staff both at the desk and in the breakfast room answered our every question and served every need we presented. The breakfast-both continental and full English-was ample as well as fresh and tasty. The accommodations (Rm 103) were more than adequate with a good-sized bedroom featuring floor to ceiling windows. The bath itself was large and sparkling clean with the same floor to ceiling windows. And finally, the bed was firm and comfortable with great cotton sheets and lots of pillows. The bath provided large absorbent towels and both rooms were freshened every day. And all this for under $200 a day. You better believe we will return to this hotel!	
Oct 17 2005	Right for the price	Our party stayed at the Darlington based on reviews in this forum, and it actually turned out to be better than I expected. The single room I had was unbelievably small, but the price was right, and the two double rooms we had for our party were adequate. We had requested rooms at the back of the hotel, so we were not bothered by any of the noise that some of the other reviewers comment on. The staff were all extremely accommodating to us and friendly, and the lower rates at the Darlington while in London allowed us to splurge on more expensive places out in the English countryside. All in all the Darlington is clean and is basically what it purports to be---not more or less---so I felt we got good value for our money. I would also recommend Geales for fish and chips over in Notting Hill, although it is hard to find and even the cabbie didn't know where it was. All in all, the Darlington was a sensible choice for us for staying two nights in London, and, given that one is rarely in a hotel room while in that fascinating city, it worked out well. Thanks, Trip Advisor, for this travel tip!	
Oct 12 2005	Excellent Value	We have stayed in a variety of accomodation types in London and believe we have finally found the right combination of value, service, cleanliness, comfort and location. Our room at the Darlington was quite spacious by English standards with and ensuite bath that included a tub and shower. The staff was very helpful with everything from providing directions to dining recommendations. The breakfast was cooked to order and provided good variety. Highly recommened.	
Oct 9 2005	Perfect for our family	What a great start to a family holiday in London. A &quot;family room&quot; gave us two separate rooms (one with a double bed, one with a single bed). The rooms were joined via a small entrance way and a lovely bathroom in the middle. Each room had a television, our son's with a DVD player and a small fridge. This fufilled all the needs for us travelling with a 5 year old. The hotel was clean, safe and very convenient. The staff helpful and polite, providing extra bandaids when required! As with the reviews that led me to choose the Darlington, I would highly recommend it.	
Oct 3 2005 	Nice hotel - Good service	Stayed at the Darlington following a recommendation in this forum and wasn't disappointed. There's nothing extravagant about the rooms, but they are clean, well appointed, very tidy. Breakfast was continental or a cooked english, but there was plenty in the continental for me (but no croissants!).Although booked into a single I was upgraded to a double at no extra cost. Staff were very friendly and helpful - few of them were English, most seemed French. Location is good. Although it's called the Hyde Park, it's probably best to think of this as a Paddington Hotel, since Paddington Station and Praed Street are closer than Hyde Park. Enjoyed my stay and will definitely come back.	
Sep 29 2005 	Smallest room in a long time!!	I stayed at the Darlington based on reviews I read on this site. I was favourably impressed save that my room (a single I will admit) was the smallest hotel room I think I have ever stayed in. That said, it was spotlessly clean and my room was quiet, if a bit stuffy as there did not appear to be any air conditioning. The shower was great and as I was leaving early the next morning the receptionist offered to bring a tray to the room that evening with some breakfast I could put in the fridge to have before I left.The staff I encountered were extremely friendly and I got a reasonable rate on laterooms. I walked from Paddington and to Marylebone stations from the hotel, Paddington about 5 and Marylebone about 10 minutes.All in all a very good experience.	
Sep 29 2005	Keep it a secret!	I stayed a week in August at The Darlington, my second stay there. It was geographically convenient, the breakfast staff and food were excellent, the room was great (I asked for a front room with 2 windows) and extremely clean. A couple of afternoons after pub crawls, it was a bit warm, but the staff promptly brought in a second fan. Again, I was there during a hot month, and it was uncomfortable only for a couple of hours in the afternoon. I went to just relax and enjoy the locals. There were a couple of great restaurants within a block or two (one French one to die for--Christine's, I think), and 4 pubs that are great meeting places. The prices of rooms vary a great deal, depending on whom you are booking through; I worked with LondonTown for room, theatre tickets, and transportation. They were terrific to work with. I have stayed in London many times and for the price, this is a wonderful place. Gretchen PolnacAustin, Texas	
Sep 29 2005	For an economy hotel I have no complaints.	This is a great hotel for the money. No frills, but who goes to London to sit in their hotel room anyway. If you require room service and a doorman, there is a nice Hilton nearby for about twice what the Darlington costs, and that doesn’t include breakfast!Positives: Great rate - includes a decent breakfast. Rooms are a good size (for London). Great staff. Convenient to Paddington Station (Heathrow Express, Bakerloo, Circle, and City lines - 15 minutes to Piccadilly Circus). Walk to Hyde Park / Kensington. Many wonderful restaurants and pubs within 10 minutes walk of the hotel. Paddington is a decent neighborhood, and as with most places in London is pretty safe (much more so than other cities of comparable size).Negatives: If you are not use to city noise, you may have trouble sleeping (the same can be said for most hotels in London). Suggestions: Ventilation in the laundry room (the humidity and heat is unbearable while trying to iron clothes!)	
Sep 27 2005	Great staff at the Darlington	Great hotel in a convenient location with extremely helpful staff. We had a blast in London and really enjoyed our stay at the Darlington.	
Sep 25 2005	Great Value	Stayed for 5 nights and it was really good. The rooms my group we large and clean. The only thing was that there is no air conditioning. The cooked breakfast was excellent as was the continental breakfast. The staff were always friendly and helpful and the hotel was very secure.I didnt have a problem with the area and found the restaurants nearby excellent.I would stay here again.	
Sep 21 2005	Nice Hotel -- Not a Nice Neighborhood	My husband and I stayed at the Darlington for two nights with my mother. Our room was fine, but we had to upgrade my mother from a single to a double as the single was oppressively small. I DO NOT recommend getting a single in this hotel unless you desire sleeping in a closet. That said, the doubles were spacious by London standards and the bathrooms were very nice. I agree with several of the other reviewers about the neighborhood and wished I had been forewarned about that. I'd been to London a number of times before but wasn't familiar with Paddington. I wouldn't stay in this neighborhood again. It was convenient for the Heathrow Express but that's about it. There were no decent restaurants at all so, even after a long day, we had to go out again and take a cab to Kensington or Knightsbridge for dinner. It was clearly the nicest hotel on the block (which was all hotels) and there were others that looked more like hostels along the row. There were quite a few students hanging out on the block. For me, it would have been better to spend a little more (or wait until the exchange rate is more reasonable) and stay in a nice, safe neighborhood with good restaurants.The staff of the hotel were all very friendly (though not really knowledgeable) and the breakfast was acceptable. I would not choose this hotel again, not because of its quality or service, but because of its location.	
Sep 20 2005	Excellent find in a small London hotel	We stayed at the Darlington Sept. 15-17 and thoroughly enjoyed it. Convenient and pretty location (just north of the park, 5 mins. to the Tube and to the Heathrow Express at Paddington). The room was of adequate size, quiet (faced the back), neat and clean, with cathedral ceiling and a newly renovated, spotless bathroom. The staff were uniformly friendly and helpful, and the included full English breakfast was terrific. This is simply a very nice, clean small London hotel, and a great value compared to most London hotels now.	
Sep 20 2005	Nice stay	Nothing very unique about it, its a small boutique hotel, but it has nice rooms, very high ceilings, clean, good service, good value for the money. Just no character.	
Sep 11 2005	Nice Hotel Crummy Neighborhood	We just got back to the US from our vacation to London &amp; Paris today. At the moment the exchange rate of dollars to pounds is horrendous--roughly $2 US/1 GBP, so it's not a good year for Americans to travel to London because prices are way too high. We went this year because my husband's British relatives wanted us to visit. (We are in our 50s.)I arrived early on my own &amp; stayed 3 nights in a very nice little hotel, 5 Sumner Place in the Kensington area. When my husband arrived we stayed at a farm B&amp;B in the country while visiting the relatives, then went to Paris for 6 days &amp; stayed in a wonderful hotel in a quiet neighborhood (so nice I refuse to say its name because I don't want it to become too popular).So, it was a bit of a let down to stay at the Darlington after Paris. We paid 92 GBP per night for a twin with full English Breakfast. The Darlington is nice &amp; clean, &amp; the room decor is pleasant &amp; contemprary, but the hotel is lacking in several respects.1. The lobby is uninspiring.2. Our room &amp; bath were large by European standards but there were no towel bars as we know them in the US, just one of those radiator things with a slot in it--cute if this is your 1st trip to London--but annoying if you travel a lot.3. No face cloths &amp; the pillows were thin.4. The breakfast was OK, but nothing to write home about.5. Although the staff was friendly &amp; helpful, many spoke poor English &amp; could only exchange pleasantries. If you complained or tried to explain something you wanted they suddenly couldn't understand English at all.(I tried in vain for 3 days to explain &quot;eggs over easy.&quot; Finally on the 3rd day they got it right, but it was cooked in greasy cooking oil, not butter or margarine, so it tasted nasty.)7. No AC in the rooms, just a table fan.But worst of all was the Paddington neighborhood. The hotel is on a noisy street with buses passing day &amp; night. For me as an American woman it felt creepy because I saw few women on the street &amp; many men (especially from 3rd World countries). There were also quite a few rowdy, drunken young European men. I don't think I was in any danger, but it just felt creepy.The Darlington appears to be the nicest hotel on the block. Some seedy hotels down the street were advertising rooms as cheap as 15 GBP/night. The restaurants nearby weren't great &amp; not very cheap, so we had dinner in nicer parts of London.I guess for my money I'd prefer to find a budget hotel in Bloombury rather than near Paddington Station, or bite the bullet &amp; pay a little more to stay in Kensington.	
Sep 11 2005 	High standards in London	This was really my first test of Tripadvsor - would the reviews be accurate??Thankfully the answer is a definite &quot;yes&quot;. The staff were friendly. The room was clean and comfortable. Breakfast was wonderful. You feel safe there because you need a room card to get in through the front door and also then to get through the lobby. There was also a room safe which was large enough for my laptop.One reality check, though. The local area has a &quot;mixed&quot; reputation - I personally didn't have any trouble although I was approached a couple of times by people asking for money.The room certainly wasn't huge but it was clean and very comfortable.Overall, highly recommended.	
Sep 2 2005	A breath of fresh air!	We stayed at The Darlington for one night on Aug. 29th and it was a breath of fresh air from the previous hotel we stayed at (Royal National). The staff here was courteous, friendly, and very helpful. well worth the $155/night which included a full english breakfast. perfectly located in a great part of town. not far from internet cafes and restaurants, and especially paddington station and hyde park of course. beautiful hotel! they don't have air conditioning here like most hotels in London, but you can rent one for 20 quid (although each room comes with a fan) which wasn't bad considering the humidity. would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 1 2005 	Worth going back for this darling	As a lone female business traveller who used to live in central London I was wary of staying in the Paddington area (15 years ago this was a blatant red light and cockroach district - nowadays it's safe if you're smart, careful and confident). Trip Advisor reviews persuaded me the DHP was an exception to my expectations for the area and when I got there I thought I got excellent value for money (I got a late rate so £72.00sgl/pn), very courteous reception and nice breakfast service, reassuring security, high standard of cleanliness and was upgraded (no charge) to a very quiet double room for my two night stay. With my current work I have been staying in London hotels about 15nights/year for the last 3 years - until now it's been a lottery for quality but next week I am going back to DHP for a second visit - the only time I have been impressed enough with a hotel to do this. It's a great location for bus, tube, walking and train and reception can point you in the direction of some nearby restaurants. I noticed other reviewers can't understand the hype but believe me - quality, cleanliness and value for money are so variable in London that, for Paddington, this place really stands out and is an absolute bargain compared to the pricier neighbourhoods.	
Aug 22 2005	Delighted with Darlington	First visit to London August 12-18,2005. Found the Darlington to be especially coveniently located to Paddington Station and Heathrow Express. On arrival at 8:25 a.m. our suite was prepared and we were welcome to check-in early. Our suite with separate one-bedroom was spacious for two. We required two separate sleeping areas however, and found the sofabed in the lounge to be inadequate. One quick call to the front desk delivered a very comfortable single bed to our suite which did not crowd the room terribly and was much appreciated.Thank-you Mr. Webb!Overall, delighted with the Darlington. Tremendous value and service in an excellent location. I would highly recommend this property and I would definitely stay again.	
Aug 16 2005	Darling staff at the Darlington	Was travelling solo to London recently and spent four nights at the Darlington HP. The first night I had a double as there were no single rooms, the last three nights were in a single room. The double was quite pleasant, while the single room was a bit claustrobphobic. The lack of AC might be a problem for some in the summer, although it wasn't really for me as I didn't mind sleeping with the windows open.That being said, the hotel was a delight. It is in a great location, near Paddington and a very short walk from Edgeware road - which was important as a number of the tube lines were not operating due to the terrorists. However, the buses running down Edgeware were a great way to get around. I liked the buses far better than the tube anyway as you get a real feel for the city and it is just as quick from point A to point B.The English breakfast was quite varied and well prepared. The breakfast room was pleasant and the staff attentive. The real strength of the Darlington is the staff. The front desk as well as the maid service was as friendly and accomodating as one could want. This is not a five star hotel, but for the price this represents a tremendous value in London. It feels more like you are staying with family than at a hotel.	
Aug 12 2005	Clean and bright hotel!	The first impression of this hotel was one of gleaming glass doors and shining door handles. The room was comfortable and clean, the breakfast served in a lovely breakfast room and again everything sparkling clean.The staff were pleasant and polite and extremely helpful. I would recommend a stay at the Darlington. The hotel was much better than I would have expected for the price.	
Aug 11 2005 	Very satisfactory	I stayed one night on business. I booked late and got a double for single occupancy inc full English for £85. This is more than I would usually pay, (I usually stay outside the West End) but the location was perfect for me with lots of local restaurants and pubs and just a short walk from Paddington station. I asked for a quiet room and was given one on the back. It was very clean throughout and had good facilities that all worked (safe, fridge, table fan, hairdryer, vigorous shower), though only basic TV channels which was a bit disappointing. I got a good night's sleep. The staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast was good, though I might have been disappointed with the continental as I saw no ham, cheese etc. Checkout was painless and I will certainly stay here again if my budget can afford it.	
Aug 7 2005	Great value in London	My wife and boys recently stayed in London at the Darlington Hyde Park Hotel, on Sussex Gardens. We were very pleased and found it pretty much as it has been described by others on tripadvisor and in guide books.It is clean, clean, clean. The rooms, by UK standrads, are large, and nicely decorated (not luxurious, but pleasant and comfortable). The towels are as fine as you'll see at the Ritz, and the bathrooms modern. While the rooms on the street are a bit noisy, the windows do a pretty good job keeping it out, athough on warm nights you will want to keep your windows open. The staff is friendly and helpful; one was especially gregarious and made a point of learning our names. The dining room is clean, modern and nicely furnished, and offers prompt and attentive service and a delicious, traditional English Breakfast. I especially appreciated the fresh fruit, cappucinos and bran flakes. The hotel is a short walk from two underground stations and Paddington train statuion. The neighborhood does lack a wide variety of good restaurants, and not much at all in the way of shopping. But you can't beat the price.	
Aug 6 2005	The Chambermaid is a Star !!	Several weeks ago, I had received one of those emails from a well-known travel company, offering great offers on trips to London. I checked Trip Advisor's reviews for each hotel on their list within my price-range, and was horrified ! Then, I noticed someone had mentioned this hotel whilst rating another one, and after the most recent reviews for D.H.P., I was so impressed I immediately booked the Darlington through an online &quot;cut-price room-rate&quot; website I've used before and know to be reliable. Having perused the hotel's own website and scrutinised the photos, and having faith in Trip Advisor, I was confident it would be fine. It was. The staff are all very, very friendly and polite - the reception staff are like none I've ever encountered for ALL equally being civil. The breakfast staff are very sweet and attentive, and even though I never saw her; the chambermaid is an absolute STAR. I've never had my things folded, straightened up or seen a bathroom so spotlessly cleaned anywhere else I've ever stayed - I was absolutely amazed. I'm really not the demanding type, but I do appreciate good service, and can tell the difference. We'll definitely return. Would highly recommend. Why do people COMPLAIN constantly - &quot;small rooms&quot;/&quot;no air-con.&quot; yada yada. How spoiled are these people ?? Get things into perspective, please, folks. CLEAN and polite is all you need !!	
Aug 2 2005	Nice service tiny room terrible bathroom	After reading all the raves about the Darlington, I suppose I was expecting something better than a tiny single room whose oppressive heat (even when outside temps were cool) wasn't much relieved by a desktop fan. True, the room did have good amenities like a safe and mini-fridge, and was clean enough. Also on the plus side, service at the hotel is warm and helpful, the English breakfast is good and plentiful, and the location is a stone's throw from Paddington. But my bathroom was pretty dismal: a tiny, doll-sized sink that wasn't large enough to wash a small-sized t-shirt in; separate hot and cold taps; and worst of all, a shower with extremely weak water pressure and extremely variable water temperature (i.e., I'd get scalded every so often--a very unpleasant experience indeed). After re-reading the other reviews, I've concluded that the Darlington's rooms vary a great deal in size and quality. Some of the double rooms sound very pleasant. Unfortunately, my single room, at £69/night, didn't represent good value at all. I've stayed in nicer rooms (with MUCH better bathrooms) in London for substantially less money. If you're a solo traveller, and plan to book a single room at the Darlington, don't believe all the hype you read.	
Aug 2 2005	Lovely hotel	Great hotel, great location and great staff! 10 out of 10!	
Jul 28 2005	Wonderful experience!!	We just returned from a 16 day visit to England 4 nights at the Darlington on the &quot;front end&quot; and 2 nights on the &quot;back end&quot;. The hotel is CLEAN and comfortable. Our rooms were good sized and very comfortable. Be sure to advise the staff if your room seems warm --- fans and other options are available from the incrediable staff. Breakfast was fresh and very tasty. Location is very good -- just a few blocks from Paddington station National trains and tube. Off the beaten track in a nice neighborhood. The staff was so friendly and helpful --- hats off to the management team and staff for a delightful visit!	
Jul 25 2005	It's Nice But After Reading Previous Reviews Thought It a Bit Overhyped	Stayed for the weekend of the 8th July, I've nothing negative really to say about The Darlington other than I always book my hotels based on tripadvisors reviews, and having read the reviews on this hotel I was expecting the &quot;wow factor&quot;! Well, it wasn't as nice as I was expecting, infact, without sounding rude, it reminded me more of a B &amp; B than a hotel. We booked a suite, which was clean and comfortable, not over big on space, and not too cheap neither and bearing in mind that there are no facilities at this hotel, on reflection, I think it is quite expensive for what you get. If you are looking for somewhere for a stop over it is fine, but if you are looking for something a little bit more special then I would look somewhere else, can't really say that I would stay here again -	
Jul 19 2005 	Great hotel but room was very small	Just returned from a 2 night stay at the Darlington. Very clean with helpful staff and good breakfasts. The location is excellent and very safe. The only negative was that my single room with en suite was very small but had all the facilities you would expect from a 3 star. This hotel represents very good value and I would return again.	
Jul 9 2005	10 out of 10 for Darlington Hyde Park	Having just returned from a 4 night stay at the Darlington Hyde Park I have to leave a review. This beautiful old building has been well restored into an excellent 40 room hotel. Our room was very clean, bright and airy, with two huge windows. It was a good size and the in-room fridge and safe are a nice touch. The en-suite has both a bath and shower ( the hairdrier is the only down side, it's a little weak - so take your own! ) The staff were welcoming and friendly and we certainly didn't feel like &quot;just the next customer&quot; as is so often the case. Breakfast is in the lovely conservatory , with both &quot;help yourself&quot; continental and a made to order cooked English breakfast.Very reasonably priced for a 4 diamond - in fact, I think I would struggle to find such high standards for this price elsewhere.	
Jul 8 2005	Lives Up To The Hype!	Thanks to the many reviewers for this establishment, my husband and I were well-prepared for the Darlington in late June 2005. I am glad to report that the information on this hotel's amenities and ease of location were true. The staff was quite helpful, around the clock. We arrived from Heathrow late in the evening and were greeted with a smile when we entered the lobby. We liked their security system and felt quite safe there. Also, there were many other small hotels in the vicinity so tourists were on the streets all the time, allowing neighboring restaurants and convenience stores to stay open late.The room (103) was spacious and completely immaculate. I shudder sometimes at the state of some bathrooms at fancier hotels but this was utterly comfortable and met our high standards. Yes, our windows faced the main street but being from NYC, the noise (what there was of it) didn't bother us at all. We slept like babies, after a long day of playing tourists.We were less than 5 minutes from Paddington Station (Bakerloo, Circle and District lines) which made it so easy for commuting. The Heathrow Express also took us right there so travelling from the airport was a breeze. As was attested by other reviewers, there was no alarm clock, no air conditioning and no wash cloths. We were well-armed and brought our own clock and wash cloths. The evenings were cool enough to survive with just an oscillating fan, that is provided in the room.Breakfasts ranged from fresh fruit and cereal to a full English meal. Satisfactory and tasty. Our breakfasts were included in our package and were worth it. I would highly recommend this B&amp;B to any who wish for a clean and friendly place to stay in an otherwise monstrously expensive city. In comparison to other London hotels, this was reasonably priced and a great bet!	
Jul 7 2005	Comfortable convenient and very clean	I stayed at the Darlington May 26, 27, 28 and 29. The hotel was clean, comfortable and nicely decorated. There was an elevator but no air conditioning. The front desk staff was very pleasant and helpful. I was traveling with three girl friends and we had two separate rooms. The room I shared faced the street. There was street noise but that didn’t bother us. Even though it was warm the fan and breeze through the windows helped. The bathroom was bigger then I expected. It had a big tub and the water pressure was great. Paddington train station and Hyde Park were within walking distance along with some good restaurants. Breakfast was included (sausage, bacon, eggs, toast, cereal, fruit and assorted juices and milk). The wait staff was friendly and the breakfast room was nice. I would definately recommend this hotel. It's a great value for the money.	
Jul 5 2005	Absolutely Wonderful Experience	Stayed at the Darlington Hotel in Paddington the first week in June 2005. At the last minute we booked two additonal days at the hotel due to changes in plans. When we arrived we were upgraded to a superior grade room. The front desk clerks and other personnel in the hotel were absolutely charming, pleasant, helpful and always cheerful. The hotel itself although considered a budget hotel was first class in accomodations. The room was large, quiet, generous, modern with quality furniture and building improvements were first rate. Recent remodeling was not cheaply done. The location is perfect for travelers. It's just two blocks to Paddington Station and the Heathrow Express to the Airport. Surrounding area has lots of wonderful Middle Eastern Restaurants especially if you love to eat lamb. I just had a wonderful experience at the Darlington and would recommend this hotel to anyone seeking a wonderful small hotel while in London. First rate!	
Jun 26 2005	Best in Class	Our family of four just returned from a two night stay at the Darlington on June 23 &amp; 24.We had adjoining double and twin rooms facing the street on which the hotel fronts.Our first night was one of the hottest in London in June in years so the lack of air conditioning and the noise from the street as a result of open windows was a problem.By our second night, the temperature had dropped in the city and the fan supplied allowed us to close the window and sleep comfortably and quietly.The hotel is close to the Paddington train station, Hyde Park, the tube and some good family restaurants.The hotel is very clean and nicely decorated.Our rooms were ready before check in time which allowed us to drop our stuff &amp; set out to see London.Breakfast was included and served by friendly and attentive staff in a pleasant setting.The hotel wasn't perfect. The room lacked a clock radio, the televison was small and the broadcast reception on certain channels poor and the fridge was less than effective. We struggled with the safe at first. And, as mentioned, the lack of air conditioning in the rooms and the single pane glass in the windows in a noisy city was not ideal.But my research suggested this hotel was the best in its class and my expectations were met. In some ways the Darlington exceeds other hotels that purport to be a class above that we have stayed in.It certainly provides value, a terrific location and a helpful and pleasant staff.	
Jun 22 2005	Great little hotel	This is a lovely little hotel just a few minutes walk from Paddington and Hyde Park. The staff are the most helpful and friendly that I have found in any hotel anywhere in the world. The rooms are clean and spacious BUT, with no air-conditioning, it does get very warm - my girlfriend and I needed the fan on all night to sleep (this was during a heat wave though...) .This was a shame as, otherwise, this is a great value, friendly and well-maintained hotel. Highly recommended.	
Jun 12 2005	Fabulous experience!	We just spent five nights at the Darlington Hyde Park Hotel in London, beginning on 5/21/05. The positive reviews that were on this site were our reason for choosing this hotel, and they proved to be very reliable. Our cost was 555 pounds for our entire stay--so 111 pounds per night on average.The hotel is a converted Victorian row house. This whole street is lined with hotels--but since most of them are also converted row houses, the area has a very homey feel. The area feels almost residential in some ways, with lots of trees, shrubs and flowers. We felt absolutely safe at all times--especially with the security that the Darlington has. Upon our arrival, we used the speaker system to get ourselves buzzed in for the first time. Otherwise, the front door is accessible only with your card key--although the front desk is staffed 24/7. There are security cameras discreetly tucked into many areas of the hotel.We arrived several hours prior to official check-in, and three front desk people immediately stood up and gave us the most gracious, hospitable welcome we have ever had at a hotel. One of the two rooms which we were assigned was already cleaned, and they allowed us early access to that room--at no extra charge.The double room that we had was on the first floor (which is one floor up from the lobby) and faced the tree-lined street. Compared to the hotel room we had last year in the Kensington area, this was positively spacious! Twelve-foot ceilings with floor-to-ceiling drapes and beautiful crown molding were some of the special touches in this room. It had two huge windows that opened up onto small balconies (although they weren't really usuable as balconies).The room also had a large desk area, a small television with a few channels, and a sitting area near the windows. The bed seemed larger than a U. S. double. It was very comfortable and had a great down (?) comforter on top. The pillows were a little flat, but luckily, there were extra pillows in the closet. There were built-in nightstands on either side of the bed and reading lights over each side of the bed. All of the windows are operable. Some of the features of this room included: mini frig, free room safe, tea service in room, small fan, luggage rack.This bathroom was not overly large, but there were complimentary toiletries, and the shower had amazing water pressure. It was a full bathtub/shower combination. Every day we received fresh towels--and they were the biggest, fluffiest towels I've ever had (including the ones in the U.S.!) They were almost five feet tall! There was also a wall-mounted hair dryer. It wasn't very powerful, so I used the one I had packed.Our son had a single on the first night. It was right across from ours, but it faced the back garden area. It was quite small, but very quiet. His room didn't contain a sitting area, but it had most of the other features of our larger room. The sink in his room was like an over-sized drinking fountain, however, so he found it difficult to wash his face in the morning! There was only a shower in this bathroom.The rest of our stay was spent in a family suite on the second floor. (The staff even moved our luggage into our new suite for us while we were gone that morning!) Rooms on the second floor don't have quite the ceiling height that ones on the first floor do, but they were still probably close to 10-feet tall. Our family suite contained three separate rooms, plus an entry area. The room on the left was the double room, the middle room was the bathroom, and the room on the right was the single room. This single room also contained the sitting area (with two chairs and a small table), the desk and the television. This room felt very roomy, as it also had a bay window facing the front.My husband and I had one room--which contained the double bed, nightstands, closet, safe and luggage rack. This room faced the garden area. The bathroom was much larger than our first one and was just as immaculately maintained. There were a couple squeaky areas on our bedroom floor--but it was just mildly distracting.The two bedroom doors in the suites had automatic closers on them, as they were fire doors. This got to be annoying, as we couldn't freely move between rooms or talk to each other, so we found something to keep them both open. You might want to bring a door stopper if you have space in your luggage! While we were away or while we were sleeping, we kept the fire doors shut, however.Two tube stops are less than a 10-minute walk from the Darlington: Paddington and Lancaster Gate. We used both of these stops, depending on where we were headed. Hyde Park is also less than a 10-minute walk, and we spent a lot of time wandering around that area at night. Restaurant options are numerous. Just about every type of ethnic cuisine was within a five-block area: Indian, Moraccan, Chinese, Italian, American. There are also some restaurants in Paddington Train Station. A large grocery store was about four blocks away. Breakfast was included in our hotel stay. It was in a cheery, daylight-filled area on the lower level of the hotel. Tables were set with fresh linen tablecloths, napkins and fresh flowers. Our hotel rates included either the Continental or the cooked-to-order breakfast. We chose the Continental one because it was more than adequate for us. It included several types of cereals, yogurt, juices, coffee, tea, breads and jams. The fresh fruit selection was apples, oranges, bananas, plums and kiwi. The wait staff was attentive and pleasant--never overbearing. Initally, I was disappointed that I couldn't get into the Kensington-area hotel we stayed in a year ago . . . but no longer! Throughout our stay, the hotel staff was superb. They seemed to geniunely care about every person who stayed at their hotel, giving us a warm greeting every single time we came through the lobby. (Even at 5:00 am when we were checking out!) This hotel surpassed our expectations by almost every standard, and we would stay here again in an instant!	
Jun 7 2005	very nice - definitly recommend	We booked the Darlington after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor and were not disappointed. My wife and I stayed 11 nights from 29 April thru 10 May. The place is not fancy but is very nice and very clean with a great staff. I booked the room with LondonTown. We booked a shuttle van also thru LondonTown with Krest Transfers to and from Heathrow and the Darlington. The driver was waiting with a sign when we arrived and helped with the bags in at the hotel. It cost 50 pounds total for both ways which I think is less than the HeathrowExpress also we didn't have to drag all the luggage to and from Paddington station. We stayed in room 304 which faces the front. Room was decent size and very clean. The bathroom was bigger than I expected. Bathtub was large and shower worked great. It was very convenient to have the safe and fridge. The room did get a little warm at times but with the fan on was not uncomfortable. The street out front is busy but the noise wasn't bad. The only complaint was that we didn't have a dresser. There was a large wardrobe without drawers. The staff gave us extra hangers but we still had to leave most of our clothes in the suitcases. There is a small laundry room on the basement floor with a washer, dryer and ironing board. The breakfast room is very nice and bright with a large sunroof window. the food which is included with the room was great - eggs, sausage, bacon, mushrooms, tomatos, toast etc. prepared to order. Also lots of friuts and cereals. The staff at the Darlington really make your stay nice. They are very friendly and helpful. Thank you Isabel, Sylvia, Jackie, Birute, and Mark. Paddington station is only a few blocks away as well as Hyde Park which is beautiful and large, nice for evening walks. There are lots of pubs and restaurants within a few blocks.	
Jun 1 2005	Agreeing with all favorable comments	Given the thousands of London hotels and the many substandard ones, it was a relief to find the affordable Darlington through Trip Advisor. As stated by other guests, the hotel is clean, comfortable, well located, and has friendly/helpful staff.	
May 31 2005	Best place I have ever stayed in London	Excellent location, few minutes walk from Marble Arch. This is a lovely little hotel which immediately feels like home. Smallish, but comfortable rooms, sparkling clean bathroom and gorgious English breakfast. I just found it all perfect and no doubt, that will be my choice on my future London trips.	
May 30 2005	Darling Darlington	We stayed 4 nights in mid May. There were 2 couples in our party. While our room was quite large, our friends room was much smaller, as was their bathroom. (they where on a corner) We had a large room compared to Eurporean standards, as was our bathroom. I e-mailed in advance to ask for a larger room, and was accommodated. We thought it was clean and comfortable. The staff went out of their way to make our stay the best possible. Jackie (Assist. Manager) and Mark (Manager) are top notch in customer service. While I was at the desk, I heard a women complaining about noise from the people above her, she was &quot;going to write to TripAdvisor and warn people&quot;, well, it is an old building. The floors are creeky, and you can hear people walking above, but I've stayed in many hotels where you can hear the people above, and I paid alot more to do so. I wanted to tell her she wasn't staying at the Savoy!	
May 24 2005	Nice stay... Great staff	We stayed at the Darlington mid-May for 2 nights. We chose it based on trip advisor reviews. As stated by others, the staff was very friendly and helpful and the hotel location was excellent.We were given a family-size room (a queen-size bed and a twin) even though we had only booked a double (and paid only 80 pounds). The room was large by European standards and had a refrigerator. The bathroom was also spacious with large fluffy towels and nice soaps. We had a very early departure one morning (before breakfast was served), and the staff was kind enough to provide us with a continental breakfast. An excellent experience.... good value for the price... we would definetely stay there again!	
May 23 2005	A wonderful hotel	If you want convenience, a very safe place, delightful and fun staff, excellent breakfasts, and immaculant rooms, the Darlington Hotel is the place to select. Just two blocks from Paddington Station. My mom (70 years old) and myself stayed for a total of 6 nights and could not be more pleased. Being two girls out and about, safety was important. This hotel is very secure. Had to leave earlier than breakfast was available to catch our plane so they sent up a tray with juice, buns, butter, jams, and fruit. The rooms have small refridgerators and safes. Many excelent restaurants nearby as well as bakery and local markets and drug store. I will be going back to the Darlington Hotel on my next trip to London.	
May 23 2005	Highly recommend Darlington Hyde Park	We just got back from a stay at the Darlington. Had a suite, which was quite comfortable. The sitting room is a decent size and bedroom adequate. The bathroom is a bit small, but having lived in England and traveled throughout the UK and Europe many times, I have seen smaller. The location is great, as previously mentioned. THree minutes from Paddington and a 15 minute walk brings you to many different neighborhoods. It was very clean and the breakfast adequate. Would definitely recommend this hotel. While in the UK make sure to bring an extra arm and leg, as you will be leaving them behind, especially if renting a car is in your itinerary.	
May 19 2005	Great staff convenient location	I've never stayed anywhere with a nicer, friendlier, more helpful staff. And the location is excellent: just a few blocks from Paddington station and Kensington Gardens. Good, reasonable restaurants (Indian and Italian, particularly) are a short walk away. We were in London during a cold snap, and the radiators in the spacious, nicely appointed room couldn't keep up despite the ministrations of the staff -- but this didn't affect our overall appreciation of the hotel. Only reason I didn't give this a 5 is because the included breakfast was not very good. Definitely a great choice for a budget hotel.	
May 18 2005	Lovely little hotel very nice stay	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Darlington 4-10 May and really enjoyed our time there. The hotel is clean, the staff very helpful and friendly and the full breakfast is more than adequate. Paddington Station was a 10 min walk for us ( down Sussex Gardens to London Street, turn right). And while the neighborhood isn't &quot;hopping&quot;, that's ok by our view - it's very nice with restaurants, grocery stores and internet cafes close by. A big plus- the hotel is 100% non-smoking!We were in room 302, which faced the street. Street noise wasn't really an issue, except for a loose manhole cover ... that went kathunk-athunk every time a car drove over it. But after a while, that faded into the background. Our room was about 2/3 the size of a typical US hotel room, but the bathroom was quite small. A quick peek inside rooms being cleaned showed that room and bathroom sizes varied, not surprising given the age of the buildings. Temps during the day in London were low 60sF and 48-50 at night. Our room was never hot or stuffy, since we had the prevailing westerlies on our side.The bed was a tad too hard for my tastes, but after a day's touring, I could have fallen asleep on a slab of rock!A couple of notes: The bathroom would have been better if there was more storage for toiletries, even just one more little shelf and hook on the door for towels. As other reviewers have noted, the hair dryer is not great, so if that's important to you, BYO. Could never really figure out how to use the hot water controller in the shower, but we muddled thru. Also, while there was a good sized wardrobe, there weren't enough drawers, so we stuck things in desk cubbies, etc. and used the desk surface as a supplemental space. At breakfast, the menu says scrambled or boiled eggs only, but if you ask, you can get fried eggs. We determined that was the best option.Mostly, I was impressed with the service. When we arrived, the assistant manager, Jackie, ran out to get our bags and we were promptly checked in. The safe in the room didn't work so we were able to stash valuables in the hotel's safe. By the time we returned from afternoon touring, our nonworking safe had been replaced. The desk receptionists tried their very best to guide us, and answer any questions we had. Jackie also hopped on the internet and did some research for us on bookstores, because I had forgotten my own material at home. We thanked everyone who had helped us with little bags of Thornton's toffees before we left. When we left, the operations manager, Steve I think, ran into the street for us and flagged down a cab.At 85 GBP including VAT and a full breakfast, plus the pleasant service and clean surroundings, a lift and proximity to transportation, we would definitely recommend this hotel and would return again.	
May 13 2005	Great Value and Location	It was so easy to get from Heathrow Airport to the Padington tube station and then two blocks to this great little hotel. The bathroom was good size; soft toilet paper and towels; and more importantly, spotlessly clean. Only downside as mentioned previously by other members is the noisey street, sqeaky floors, and warm rooms (no AC). Ask for a room on the top floor facing the back. We are picky and this hotel came through with flying colours. What a fine English breadfast. I would be very safe to recommend this hotel to any of my family and friends who are not easy to please.	
May 12 2005	Best bang for the buck	My wife and I stayed in a suite from April 27th to May 3rd. The bedroom was very quiet with the door closed to the sitting room on the street side. The bed was a very comfortable queen size which is not all that common in small UK hotels. The lack of an alarm clock has been noted in previous reviews so we came prepared. The phone has as a programming function for wakeup calls but it didn't work for us. Large fluffy towels were provided but no washcloths! Also, no phone books are placed in the rooms so you must go to the pay phone in reception if you need one. Another minor quibble was that that the staff didn't seem to know all that much about the area or restaurants, even the ones that the hotel recommends in their literature. We paid 125 GBP per night which is an outstanding value for the neighborhood. The sitting room, bathroom and bedroom in our suite were good sized, comfortable and extremely clean. The hot water was abundant and the full english breakfast in the dining room was outstanding. The quality of the hotel and its convenient location close to the Paddington train and tube stations make it an ideal place to stay. We will definitely book it for our next trip to London.	
May 8 2005	Would Stay Again!	Stayed one night in a suite at the Darlington (Room 105). Very clean and a decent sized room. Bed was very comfortable. Felt very safe at the hotel and walking around the area.  Staff was friendly and the cooked breakfast was well prepared. I would stay there again.	
May 2 2005	Very nice Hyde Park	I love to stay in the hyde Park, very clean, very near metro station. Excellent breakfast. Very nice place where is located.	
May 1 2005	cute	The Darlington was very nice, clean, with a big bathroom, nice furnishings and a very comfy bed. We felt very safe... you need a room key even to access the elevator. We had a room in the front so there was some road noise but not too bad. The location wasn't the greatest, tho. If I were to go to London again I would look for something a little closer to the action. The tube/trains are confusing and we found the Londoners to be very rude and unhelpful. The people at the Darlington, however, were wonderful.	
Apr 28 2005	Clean and Comfortable	We stayed at the Darlington Hyde Park for 4 nights. The front desk staff was wonderful, extremely informative, friendly, and helpful with all of our questions. Paddington tube station is within walking distance, and this line connects to almost all of the tube lines, including the train to Bath. Therefore, the location was excellent. We chose this hotel because of the price, and other reviews noting its cleanliness. (Most of the other cheaper hotels had bedbugs, etc in their reviews). We were definitely not disappointed and would stay there again. Breakfast was full English breakfast, and was very good. Overall, a great place to stay!	
Apr 25 2005	Take Advantage of this Gem of a Hotel!	My family of 4 stayed at the Darlington in two adjoining rooms for six nights in mid-April. Paid 180 pounds for both rooms per night. Very nice for families with young children that may have different sleep schedules. Our rooms were large and spacious and very quiet. They were located in the basement, so our view was not spectacular (it was of a small courtyard) but it was light and the windows were large. The bathrooms were very big, with plenty of counterspace, great towels, and nice little soaps. The toilet paper was even three ply and soft! The beds were great - we had two twins in one room and a double in the next. We brought a blow-up bed for our son to sleep in - and the maid even straightened and changed the sheets on it! The receptionists are fantastic and will help with any of your needs. Lots of pubs and restaurants nearby including McDonalds, Burger King, etc. Fish and Chips can be found for 3 pounds! Area is very safe at night - we never felt frightened for threatened in any way. We used Paddington Station - which took about 5 minutes to walk to it - and found it extremely convenient to get almost anywhere in London. Did not find the temperature of the hotel to be warm - as others have. Also felt that it was very quiet - which could be because we were on the basement level. Was very impressed with breakfast - cooked to order as you like. The scrambled eggs were not as nice - probably powdered - so order a poached or fried egg. There is also a nice laundry room at the hotel, located in the basement. You can wash a load for 3 pounds and dry them for 1 pound each 30 minutes. Very convenient for us since our room was right around the corner. And a big benefit as we did not bring enough long-sleeve shirts and socks! Would without a doubt stay at the Darlington again and we plan to recommend it to any of our friends going to the U.K. This is a great hotel and well worth every penny.	
Apr 22 2005	Nice Hotel Good service good location	My family of 4 stayed at the Darlington in late March for 4 nights. Upon arrival the manager emerged to say there was a problem, uh oh. They had some water damage in one of the two adjoining rooms we had reserved. They had fixed the problem but also had repainted and the smell was strong. They allowed us to smell for ourselves and offered another room next door which was fine. They were extremely accomodating and apologetic. We were on the basement level. Though we had rooms on the front side, we did not experience the noise that others have mentioned. The breakfast was very good and the room in which it was served was extremely nice and convenient. The staff was very helpful and the cleanliness was fantastic. The security as mentioned elsewhere is also excellent. Overall, an excellent experience.	
Apr 17 2005	Hot room nice hotel!	Stayed for 3 nights in early April 2005. As others have mentioned, even though it was cool outside, the room was very hot (all heaters were off!) ... I had to have the fan running the whole time to sleep. Other than the temperature, the room was very clean, a decent size (single room) and the bathroom was nice. Towels were lovely and overall the facilities were nicer than in other places I have stayed in London.I really liked the security front door etc, so not just anyone could walk into the lobby area. The breakfast was OK ... but I felt it was lacking in fruit selection (apples and oranges were only available).As I had read other reviews, I requested a room at the back of the hotel to escape from the noise, and was given a room that didn't face onto the street - and was as quiet as you could expect for London!! I booked through the visithotels.com website to get a cheaper rate ... and had no problems with this.I would definitely stay there again ... but not in the middle of summer - just in case the rooms were even HOTTER then!!	
Apr 8 2005	Excellent value for London	I stayed at the Darlington on my second visit to London. The first time I stayed at an apartment hotel for 10 pounds per night less that didn't include breakfast. The Darlington was far superior and much better value.I thought the room I had was lovely, it was a large double facing the street. There was plenty of space to move around despite my enormous suitcase and other luggage. The decor was pleasant, there was enough storage space for my belongings, the room had lovely french doors (but the road below is quite noisy), the bathroom was a good size too. The traffic noise didn't bother me at all - but I did have to close the french doors to watch television or make a phone call.The room was very clean and well maintained. The provided toiletries were nice and the bathtub was enormous (compared to our Australian ones anyway). I agree with the previous comment about the hairdryer being not strong enough but I've found this in hotels wherever I go so always bring one with me.The breakfast provided is excellent. It was lovely to have hot dishes cooked to order rather than the usual hot buffet. The continental choices were fine too.The location of the hotel is excellent. I walked from Paddington after catching the Heathrow Express. There are many restaurants within a block walk, a post office, fast food, small supermarket, and pretty much anything else you'd need close by.On checking out I asked for a cab but being just after peak time the cab phone line was engaged. The girl at the desk tried 3 times then dashed out to the street and returned with a cab for me. I was impressed.I'll most definitely stay at the Darlington on future visits to London - for the price it's great value for London. It's clean and well maintained, the service was good and the location hard to beat.	
Apr 8 2005	Great little hotel	The Darlington is a very clean, friendly hotel within walking distance of Paddington Station and Hyde Park. The staff bends over backward to accomodate you, and the room rate, which includes a full breakfast in an inviting breakfast room, is very reasonable for the London area. The hotel has no dining facilities for lunch or dinner, but the area abounds with pubs and restaurants. There are a few things that keep me from rating the hotel as excellent, however. Our room was very small, with barely room for two people to pass each other beside the bed. The closet was only about two feet wide, and it included a small refrigerator that took up most of the floor space. Except for a small drawer in the desk, that was it for storage space. Although we were there in March and it was quite cool outside, the room was so hot (even without the heater turned on) that we had to keep a fan on in order to sleep. The bathroom was a nice size (and the towels were very large and fluffy), but the water in the shower alternated between scalding hot and ice cold every minute or so. I'd suggest you bring your own hairdryer; the one in our bathroom was mediocre at best. Those things aside, you can't beat the price, and we enjoyed our stay there. We would definitely consider staying there again the next time we are in London.	
Apr 6 2005	Nice Hotel	We stayed at Darlington April 3rd for 2 nights. We choose it based on trip advisor reviews. Though the room was a nice size due to the fact we reserved a superior twin room, there were a few problems. We did reserve room in the back of the hotel as street rooms have tons of traffic in front of hotel. There is a fan in the room which you may need even this time of year as hotel hot. The hair dryer is not worth using very little power,bring your own travel dryer if possible. The bathroom fan would not turn off even when light turned off. The bathroom was very clean. The first thing I noticed were the bedroom walls were dirty especially near light switches with hand prints easy to see and should have been wiped before room let out. Room needed a paint job. The breakfast, included in fee is wonderful. The staff is friendly. Very good location to Paddington station, and a good choice for a budget hotel.	
Apr 5 2005	Basic but Comfortable..Good Value	I felt that overall the reviews here were very accurate..spent 4 nights there in a suite and one night upon our return to london in a family room..rooms are a good size, basic but very clean and comfortable..very close to paddington tube..lovely neighborhood in back of hotel with several nice restaurants (Cristini's especially)..safe area..lovely staff..would stay there again..good value for the price	
Mar 31 2005	Clean and good	I stayed there for 4 nights in march 2005 and we had good time. We get a nice, big room. Just the bathroom is a bit small and the hairblower do not really dry. All the hotel is cleaner then my own home ;)Everyone is friendly and helpful in the hotel. Good english breakfast that will save how ever you want it it specialy for you. Like they say just 5 minutes away from Paddington Station but quiet. Nice hotel.. all was just perfect.	
Mar 22 2005	Just Fine	Convenient, nice hotel. Rooms are Spartan, but comfortable. Front desk staff very friendly, but not the sharpest (failed to call a cab when asked to do so). Close (5 to 7-minute walk) to two tube stops (Paddington and Lancaster Gate). Overall a very good value in an extremely expensive city.	
Mar 21 2005	Great little hotel	We stayed at the Darlington from 3/09/05 to 3/16/05. This hotel is extremely clean and the staff is very friendly and helpful. Breakfast is served in a bright dining room with white tablecloths and fresh flowers on the table. The staff in the dining room is very friendly and helpful, especially Gary. There are several selections to choose from if you are interested in a light breakfast...toast, cereals, juice, warm rolls, fresh fruits...or you can order a full English breakfast or something in-between. The room was very clean, but small, and quiet. There was a fluffy duvet on the bed. The water pressure in the shower was very strong and we never ran out of hot water.There are many restaurants and pubs nearby in a very pretty neighborhood. On the day of our arrival, we took a stroll through Hyde Park which is very close. This hotel is an excellent value, we thoroughtly enjoyed our stay and we would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 17 2005	Outstanding value; loved it!!	I fell in love with the Darlington Hyde Park! My stay was 9-14Mar05 and used the reviews of Travel Advisor to make up my mind. I was not disappointed. This is a true jewel. The hotel has a unique security system that adds to safety. I am a senior and felt the Darlington was excellent for value and especially cleanliness. Breakfast included and is full English. A real value and only 2-3 blocks from Paddington - easy walk.	
Mar 16 2005 	Just as good as everyone says	This is a terrific little hotel. Very tidy, hip, and respectable.I stayed in a VERY small single room (#106) but it was well organized and better than my friend's single, which had the smallest shower/sink I've ever seen. My room was a bit unusual in that it was halfway between two floors on the stairway landing and it appears to be an add-on to the back of the building (so it's a little quieter). One really weird part is that is has a small hallway with a fire door in between the bathroom and the bedroom. Breakfast was great. Location is very convenient to Paddington station. Minor complaints were a phone line with static, very limit TV channels, small shower, no clock, and no A/C.	
Mar 14 2005 	A good nights sleep	My girlfriend and I were staying at Darlington Hyde Park from the 4th till the 12th March 2005 (incl.)The hotel met all our expectations: Very friendly staff always ready to help you out, very clean rooms and not at least a superior double bed. My girlfriend (who has asthma) had the best sleep in years during those 8 days!So we can only too highly recommend Darlington. Great value for money. It was truly a home from home!We were very sad to leave and will be back at the first opportunity.	
Mar 12 2005	Great place	A really good place to stay, friendly and helpful staff, location is good with easy access to town centre and quiet. Lovely clean room with good facilities. Would definately stay there again.	
Mar 11 2005	Darlington Hyde Park - just as good as everyone says!	My boyfriend and I just returned from London after a 4 day holiday. We stayed at the Darlington upon recommendation from Tripadvisor and I must say it was everything I expected. The room was small (#16), but with a very comfortable queen size bed. The bathroom was extremely clean, large enough, and the towels were great (no washcloths, though). The room was on the ground floor, at the back of the building, with only one neighboring room. The only slight problem was that our room was above the kitchen which produced a lot of chopping and prepping noises during breakfast time. (This was our own alarm clock!) Also, our view out the window was of the heating and a/c ducts. Otherwise, this is a perfect hotel - so close to Paddington station and every Tube line you would need to ride. We didn't spend much time in the room, so it was the perfect price for the amenities that we we needed, breakfast was hearty and the dining room lovely. Definitely stay at the Darlington!	
Mar 8 2005	Exceeds Expectations	The Darlington is great for people on a budget who expect and appreciate certain conveniences and amenities. I have to admit I was pleasantly surprised at how this very well-priced hotel exceeded my expectations. Although my single room was tiny even by European standards, it was well laid out and had several touches (clean, empty fridge, heated towel rack, secure safe, really big towels) that I've not found even in five star London properties. The staff was extremely helpful and pleasant, the breakfast cooked to order, fresh and tasty, and the location is good if you like walking in Hyde Park and/or need convenient tube stops. While I took a taxi from Paddington upon arrival in London, this is not at all necessary. It's just a two block walk to the station once you know where you're going. My only minor quibble was with the cleanliness of my room. There was about an inch of dust on the valance and some substances on the wall next to the bed that required attention. The bathroom, though, was pristine. I would book this hotel again in a heartbeat -- and I'm really picky!	
Mar 7 2005	Wow!	What a great hotel! Having stayed in a microscopic London hotel about 5 years ago as well as having stayed at a guest house with small space in York a few days prior, we did not have high hopes. I chose this hotel based on good reviews from Trip Advisor. Upon check in to our &quot;family&quot; room - 1 queen 1 twin, we found that it had 2 separate rooms! It was a very clean, extremely comfortable room with the added bonus of privacy from our 6 year old! The towels were HUGE compared to most we have experienced, and they had nice soft American-style toilet paper. The full English breakfast was great, service was nice. We got an excellent recommendation for dinner at Noor Jahan, an Indian place down the road - it was great (expensive like most of London). We just can't recommend this hotel enough, it was 2 blocks from Paddington Station, it exceeded our expectations.	
Mar 1 2005	Wonderful hotel	Stayed at the Darlington for 6 nights and it is a wonderful hotel. Extremely clean rooms and large baths (for the Paddington area and type of hotel) with a most friendly and helpful staff. Breakfast was great and a good way to start the day. I highly recommend this hotel for the above reasons and also for the price. I will stay here each time I return. All around excellent hotel.	
Feb 27 2005	Darlington was great	We did a quick trip to London and we chose this hotel based on reviews on Tripadvisor. I have to say we were extremely pleased with our stay at the Darlington. The room was small but very clean and had all necessary amenities for our stay, including a small refrigerator and in-room safe. We had a room on the inside of the building (i.e. away from the main street) and did not hear any traffic noise at all. The staff was very friendly and the breakfast (included with the room rate) was excellent as well. The location close to Paddington Station made the commute to and from Heathrow a breeze. I would highly recommend this hotel!RH from Arroyo Grande California	
Feb 16 2005	Great for the price good location for Paddington	Myself and my partner stayed here the last weekend in January. I really enjoyed our stay. It is ideally located for Paddington station. We took the tube from Heathrow to Paddington as we did not have a lot of luggage, and saved ourselves a nice few quid by doing so! (Heathrow express 25 pounds per person return, Tube 6 pounds for all day travelcard).The check in was very quick and efficient. We had asked for a quiet room and were given a room in between floors to the back of the hotel. There was no noise the first night/morning, but the second morning we were woken by some drilling noise (not sure if it was in the hotel or nearby) and also some woman in the floor above us talking very loudly on her telephone. You know who you are!!The overall area around the hotel was ok, but no nice pubs for a drink on the way back to the hotel I found.The staff were very helpful, breakfast was good and its a nice touch to have it cooked to request. Overall I would recommend this hotel to others and would definitely consider staying here again when I return to London.	
Feb 15 2005	Lovely little hotel	Just returned from a nights stay at the Darlington Hyde Park - a treat for my mum's 50th. Booked a triple room which had a double and a single, then a sitting area. Ceilings were high giving it a very airy feel. Bathroom was immaculate and again a fair size. Staff were friendly and breakfast was excellent. 10 minutes walk from Oxford Street, 5 minutes from Paddington. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again particularly as I got such a good rate.	
Feb 10 2005 	Excellent Hotel	My colleague and I have just returned from a one night stay at the Darlington Hotel. I chose it based on the reviews on this site and I was not disappointed.  The hotel is a few minutes walk from Paddington Station and in a nice enough area. It was very late in the evening when we arrived and we wanted to just check in, unpack, and find somewhere to eat.  The staff on reception were very friendly and helpful and even recommended a nearby italian restaurant to us which by the way was excellent.  One good feature of this hotel is security. Upon check in you are issued with a key card which you need to get into your room. However, unlike many other hotels, where anybody can wander in off the street, you need this key card just to get into the foyer - a very good idea!  Each room has a small fridge for putting your own stuff in, a small kettle and sachets of tea and coffee, and most significantly a safe. The safe appears to be very secure and although you need to use your credit card to open the safe, you are not charged for doing this.  The room was a good size, and in a good state of repair. The bathroom had both a bath and a shower and complimentary toiletries. Both were very clean and well looked after.   Breakfast featured a choice of either english or continental (or a combination of both) and was served in the bright and stylish breakfast room). If you opt for the english breakfast, it is cooked to order exactly how you like it, unlike most hotels who operate a buffet system. It is served to you by the wonderful Juan who provided the most exceptional level of service (hello Juan!) and was most friendly as well.  I recommend this hotel to anyone and would most certainly stay there again in the future. 	
Feb 6 2005	I'm hard to please believe me!	Just got back from a 3 day visit to London. First visit since I was a kid and that's going back a bit! After reading several reviews on hotels (because I am very choosy!), we decided on this one. It's such a lottery and I prefer to balance the reviews with the price and we managed to negotiate a reasonable (late booking) price - £85 per night for a double room, including breakfast. The hotel was clean, comfortable and in a good state of repair. I have nothing to compare it with because I haven't stayed anywhere else in London but I have travelled to other European cities so have a fair idea of value etc. To a northerner, £85 a night is quite steep but then again, this IS London I s'pose. Normal rate is about £150 a night and I definately wouldn't pay that! You can stay at the Rubens at the Palace for less than that a night, if you book late that is.The double room we stayed in was large, if a tad noisy due to the traffic. The hairdryer in the bathroom was rubbish. Blow on the back of your hand as hard as you can and that is about as good as the hairdryer was! Take your own is my advice.However, the staff were pleasant and polite, the place was warm, clean and comfortable and the breakfasts were very good.I would stay here again but only at a similar price. It's also handy for the the tube and the bus.There's also a really nice Persian restaurant around the corner called 'Yas'.On the whole, a very nice stay indeed. More than likely, we'll be back :0)	
Jan 28 2005	The perfect place to stay in London!!!	My family and I have just returned home to Australia from our holiday to the UK and Europe. We just wanted to share with others the wonderful facilities and great standard of accomodation that the Darlington has to offer. Throughout our five week adventure overseas, the Darlington stands out as one of our favourite places that we stayed in. We stayed there for 8 nights in total and found ourselves calling the place &quot;home.&quot; You couldn't ask for a nicer and friendlier staff, the staff at the front desk were always most helpful and cheerful and in particular the breakfast staff (the Spanish man and the Phillipino lady - sorry can't remember their names!!) were lovely, friendly people. This was one of the only places we stayed in overseas that boasted their own laundry at reasonable rates - this was very handy to have. The Paddington station is only down the road and from here you can catch the Heathrow Express - a quick fifteen minute ride away from the airport. The rooms we had were all exceptionally clean, large and well maintained. We can't reccommend the Darlington strongly enough - it is definitley the place to say when in London! Thanks very much to all the staff who made our stay very enjoyable! Five stars plus!	
Jan 23 2005	Darlington is Great	Stayed at the Darlington weekend of 21-23 January. Whilst upon arrival I did not feel that this hotel was 4 star, it represented fabulous value for money for a central London hotel. Above all, the staff were incredibly friendly, efficient and helpful. I've stayed in a lot of hotels, and can't remember meeting nicer hotel staff. The cooked breakfast was exactly that - cooked, to order; as opposed to the usual half-warm buffet of greasy bacon and rubber egg, stewing in stainless steel. We came away with a really good feeling about the place and will stay again.	
Jan 20 2005	CleanFriendlyGood Location	If you don't need a doorman, swimming pool, gym or a massage and would only like a clean, well-maintained, friendly hotel close to a tube station within a few minutes walk from Hyde Park then you have found it.We stayed January 19th in a double room for only £90 inc VAT through Londontown which was a bargain especially as a full English Breakfast was included.The room 202 was facing the front of the hotel which meant we had a bit of road noise which only bothered me as I am always on the alert for funny noises! My wife heard nothing ! Warm, clean,spacious with tea and coffee sachets. Clean, quality towels, super shower, comfortable bed, lots of storage. Fridge, a fan for overheating Americans in the summer, a safe to store all the money you have saved by not staying at The Hilton and a crackly small TV that invites you to switch it off so you can use your time planning exploring all that London has to offer.Tube connections are easy - you don't have to change lines to get to Piccadilly Circus for the theatre. We used Edgware Rd station but Paddington is nearer only a few minutes walk. Went to see Mamma Mia which is unmissable but that's another story !Parked our car in Burwood Place NCP car park nearby which cost us £29 for a 24 hour stay....ouch !! Nowhere to load and offload luggage without holding others up so best not to take your car if possible.Area seems safe enough and multicultural. Edgware Road restaurants and shops open till late (midnight some of them).Conclusion: You would be crazy to stay anywhere else for West/Central London and you don't mind walking a bit and using the easy public transport connections. The price is great for this part of London but don't tell the hotel management or they might put up their rates.	
Jan 18 2005	Wonderful Experience @ the Darlington	I can't describe how much the Darlington Hotel exceeded my expectations. I have just returned home to the USA from London and a wonderful ten day vacation in England. The staff and the hotel cleanliness made my stay in London most enjoyable. Every aspect, from the wonderful comfortable bed to the superior cleaning of the room and the bright and cheerful breakfast conservatory--everything was perfect. The management and the staff are to be commended, and the LOCATION was excellent- An easy walk to Paddington, or Lancaster Gate. The bath towels were large and the toiletries provided were an excellent added luxury. The room, though not overly glamourous, was very comfortable and I truly felt quite at home. The guest laundry facility was an added bonus... What else can I add? I will definately be back--and I have already told everyone I have spoken to that is planning a visit to London to try out the Darlington. also, my rate was excellent--for value and location-(booked via Londontown) -this place CANNOT be beat :) Thank you Darlington Hotel.	
Dec 28 2004	Very Good Stay	We stayed here in March of 2004 and had a great stay. Very clean, good location and helpful staff. Fantastic value for money.	
Dec 21 2004	Very nice and friendly staff	I had ordered rooms for a group of 12 people for a 3 night stay in nov.2004. Everyone in my group was very pleased, the staff was friendly, rooms very clean and breakfast was excellent.I have already recommended this hotel to many friends.Fredrik, Norway	
Dec 9 2004	Good standard	Clean and good standard on room and bathroom. The only thing missing for full score was a bit more personal service and personality/soul. Good location, especially if you are going to Heathrow from Paddington station. I stayed 3 nights.	
Dec 9 2004	Excellent hotel	We had an excellent 3-nights stay in Darlington. We made reservation through Active Hotels 3 weeks prior to our visit at the discounted fee of 103 pounds per night for a double room. Upon arrival, we have been offered a suite - what a nice surprise! We had a two-room suite overlooking Sussex Gardens and the backyard. Everything was perfect. The soundproofing (as written by other guests) might be better but it did not not really disturb. The breakfast was very good: full English with cold buffet. And we have not paid extra for anything. We definitely recommend it to London visitors looking for a quiet restful location. We look forward to coming back!	
Dec 9 2004	Excellent hotel in London	Good service.Perfect location, close to Hyde Park, shopping, etc.The hotel and all rooms are clean and in a very good shape.I can recomand this hotel to every body!	
Dec 6 2004	An excellent choice	We stayed for 5 nights in early September in a double room, facing the back and had a very good stay. Our internet rate on their website was considerably cheaper than the posted rates. Yes, we missed air condioning, but kept the windows open all night (3rd floor) and the fan going. The breakfast was super, with a wait staff that puts American restaurant service to shame. The location as others have mentioned, was so helpful. We picked up some grocery needs at the stores in Paddington station and kept them in our room refrigerator. Check out the cookie kiosk! Watch out for the weekly fire alarm testing! No warning whatsoever, except for a small print note in the room binder, which we found later. The staff pretty much laughed at our concern when we asked what the blaring noise was. The in room hair dryers were pretty weak, but the bathrooms were great otherwise. A very nice and easy walk to Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park, through a lovely neighborhood. Sussex Gardens is busy, but quaint and tree lined. Just make sure you look both ways twice before crossing and don't be the first one into the street! The contact staff that answers questions on their website was helpful as well and gave accurate information. It was a lovely stay and we would recommend it.	
Dec 4 2004	I miss you Darlington!	What can I say - I loved it! It went beyond my expectations. The pictures on the web don't do the place justice. It really felt like home away from home!I arrived in early morning, but wasn't able to check-in until around 1:00 pm or so. They let me store my suitcase while I walked around for 4 hours. No big deal since I always enjoy strolling through Hyde Park and exploring the Paddington area. I was somewhat disappointed that I was not offered anything to drink or a seat in reception - especially since the clerk knew I had a longhaul flight with no sleep. My single room was much smaller than other singles I've stayed in in London, but somehow it was easier to adjust to. Things seemed to be in just the right place which allowed easier movement. I had a big suitcase but was able to unpack it and store it under the desk. There was a coat closet right inside the doorway with a place to store shoes, as well as an upper shelf. Plenty of hangers for clothing. A fan for warmer weather. The desk held the tv and refreshment tray with plenty of room for other things. Clean drawer that was handy for throwing in receipts, journal, etc. To the entrance of the bathroom, there was another closet that held a mini-fridge on the bottom and a safe on the top. These two items really set The Darlington apart from most other places in Paddington. The fridge saved me so much money on eating out. And I loved having cold water and the ability to snack on biscuits/cookies with cold milk before retiring each night. The bathroom was small but easily adaptable. The sink was more of a half-sink with separate cold/hot faucets. Could only soak one item at a time. Plenty of counter space and one water glass provided. Toilet flushed very well and plenty of TP provided. Shower stall doors kept all water inside. It took awhile to get warm/hot water and then every now and then it went scalding hot for a few seconds. Overall, bathroom very clean each day. The only dust I saw in the whole room was on the tea pot and tv.The only thing I was concerned about was the towels. After taking the first shower, I pulled out the towel, and it was soiled. Another time, there were leaves on the bath towel.The breakfast was included in the room rate and was delicious full English w/cold buffet. Cappuccinos and espressos available for one pound extra. Very good! Staff was extremely friendly and helpful, but I noticed some awkwardness whenever large groups came in. The only thing I noticed was lack of hot chocolate anywhere in the hotel. Yes, the floors creaked, but my room was on an upper floor towards the back, so rarely noticed it. I could sometimes hear the people above me talking and walking around, but I think they went to bed not long after I did, so was not a big issue. The elevator came in handy with suitcase and shopping bags after long days out and about. Must say this is the most quiet and peaceful place I've stayed at in London and will most definitely return on my next trip. Loved the convenience to Paddington Station and Hyde Park. Thanks, Darlington, for being such a great place!	
Nov 20 2004	Very Good – soundproofing could be a little better	Stayed for one night in a twin bedded room on 18 November 2004, mainly because of good reviews on this site. We've had so many disappointments with London hotels in the past.Very security conscious – friendly receptionists. Twin room excellent – plenty room – larger than normal beds. Tea and coffee-making facilities, trouser press. Large bathroom. Very clean. Good English breakfast – seemed freshly prepared. Only a couple of things prevented us from giving it 5 stars – soundproofing from bedroom above could have been better – occupants walking up and down was irritating for a spell – also although plenty of hot water from wash-hand basin – shower was only lukewarm. That aside, would definitely use again – Paddington Station and Tube very handy (nearer than Lancaster Gate Tube, whatever they tell you), only five minutes max walk – Marble Arch approx 10 mins walk. Recommended!	
Nov 16 2004	Lovely Hotel at a Convenient Location	Stayed at this lovely hotel with my wife from November 11 to 15, 2004Location: Excellent - Wheel your luggage directly from the Heathrow Express! Close to 4 tube lines (paddington -3 and Lancaster Gate - 1) Can get to anywhere in London without any problemsRooms: Reasonable sized rooms - large by London standards. Very nice and comfortable beds. Ensuite bathrooms are big with good ventilation. Good housekeeping with spotless large towels (replaced everyday)Breakfast: Hot english breakfast made-to-order in a nice room with skylight (conservatory). Good way to start your day!Others: Good restaurants nearby, had dinner at the Italian joint down the street - great food!Would definitely go back when I get to London next time!	
Nov 5 2004	What a find!	I needed a hotel at short notice for a business trip and would normally choose somewhere bigger than the Darlington. However as a recent convert to the Tripadvisor web site I found the Darlington and was impressed by the reviews it had been given. I was not disappointed. I found the hotel ticked all the boxes - immaculately clean, in an excellent state of repair (in my view this is where many of the larger hotels fall down. Whilst their public areas are well kept that does not extend to the rest of the hotel!), friendly and very helpful staff, a lovely breakfast room and a great breakfast. Because of the lateness of my booking I was offered a suite at a rate of £115 ( there was nothing else left!). I had a sitting room, bedroom and bathroom all decorated in a modern style. It was very comforable! There is no bar in the hotel, no fancy resteraunt, no gym or swimming pool, none of hustle and bustle that go with the larger hotels. If you can do without all that then you will find nowehere better than the Darlington! From now on I will be recommending it to all my business colleagues!	
Oct 29 2004	Quality Comfort and Tranquillity at the Darlington	I chose the Darlington for my 3 night stay in London in late October with my 6 year old son because of the excellent reviews on Trip Advisor. I wasn't disappointed and wholeheartedly agree with all the positive reviews about this hotel.The Darlington offers a high degree of comfort in a medium sized hotel. Our twin bedded room was pleasantly furnished and plenty big enough for the two of us. The TV was small and the channels confusing but who wants to watch TV when there is so much to do in London? There was a room safe, complimentary tea and coffee, a hairdryer and complimentary toiletries provided. The beds were comfortable and we could adjust the temperature in the room which was good because the rest of the hotel was far too hot (my only real criticism which wouldn't be a problem for everyone).The room was thoroughly cleaned every day and fresh linen and towels provided. We didn't have a good view but we only booked 3 weeks ahead and got the last twin room available at a good price via a well-known London web site.The staff were very attentive and friendly and did everything to make our stay comfortable. They were particularly nice to my son, chatting to him and encouraging him to talk to them.Breakfast was served efficiently in the pleasant Conservatory Breakfast Room. There was a choice of Full English or Continental breakfast and this included plenty of choice.The hotel is in a good location for exploring London, only 5 minutes from Paddington station. It is a cosmopolitan area with plenty of restaurants and bars serving all sorts of cuisine. One of the most impressive aspects of the hotel for me was the tranquillity. Although there is a main road only yards from the hotel, it was very quiet, particularly at night - I even managed a good night's sleep, which is unusual in a city hotel.If you are looking for quality, comfort and tranquillity for your stay in London, I would recommend you try the Darlington Hyde Park Hotel.	
Oct 27 2004	OK but not in hot weather	We had five nights at the Darlington in September, in an executive room which was still quite small. Whilst we found the rooms clean and the staff very helpful, our stay was spoiled by the very hot nights. We had a fan which did little to help, and the rooms' windows were small. Yes the breakfasts were very good, and the central location excellent, but we would advise staying there only during cooler months.Lastly the hotel has no parking whatsover, and ever stopping our hire car to unpack caused major problems.	
Oct 26 2004	Excellent choice	Having stayed in this area before, but in a very tired hotel, I followed the recommendations of TripAdvisor users and booked the Darlington. I am very happy I did. Its proximity to Paddington with its Heathrow Express, take-out stands and two, count 'em two, supermarkets..with lots of choices...well, need I say more?The cleanliness, the super breakfast (of which I ate far more than was good for me), the friendliness and helpfulness of all staff were just as reported.This was during a very warm/hot spell in early September, and the fan was a big help. Of course I would have loved a/c, but it was bearable. My room was in the back (by request) and on the 4th floor..with a far-distant view of the Eye.I had originally wondered about the need for all the security, but the neighborhood is fine and I had no worries.I paid 79 pounds for a single...more than I was used to paying, but it was well worth it. Yes, I'll go back there.	
Oct 26 2004 	Good but not greaet.	I booked one night in a single room because I needed to be near the Heathrow express for an early morning departure. While the website showed 95 pounds as the all-inclusive rate, I was given a rate of 75 pounds over the phone. Perhaps it was because the room was exceedingly small -- more like a cell than a room, with only a single bed. It was very, very clean, and located in the back, so it was quite quiet. The bathroom, with a sink the size of a large cafe au lait cup, and a smaller than phone booth shower, was really miniscule. It had one hand towel and one bath towel and no washcloth. The whole look of the place is warm and inviting. It is all quite fresh and clean and well-maintained. When I got in late at night, the manager was seated in front of a fire in the fireplace. The breakfast room looks spanking fresh and clean and pleasant, but they do not start breakfast until 8 AM on weekends, and so I had to miss it. My wake-up call came as requested. I found the walk to Paddington to be closer to 10 minutes than 5, and there are certainly many, many other hotels right along Sussex Gardens, though the Darlington really sparkles. It's not an area that I particularly warmed to, however, and think the primary advantage is the proximity to the Heathrow train. Still, in a room larger than the single I had, it would be a very good value, and a fine clean and comfortable London hotel.	
Oct 25 2004	Nice Place	Overall a very nice place. Maintained nicely, very good location in Hyde Park. 2 blocks from Paddington Express train from Hethrow. Perfect! Clean, helpful staff, excellent breakfast and service. We will be back!	
Oct 6 2004	Can't wait to go back!	I’ve stayed at the Darlington twice during the past year or so for long weekend breaks.This hotel’s a winner. The staff really pays a lot of attention to detail – spotlessly clean carpets, curtains, towels, linen – even potpourri in the room! Add to these the free use of a safe (though I took a while to grasp how it works), refrigerator, hair dryer and loads of power sockets (useful when you carry a lot of modern gadgets). There’s little more one could ask for while holidaying.The breakfast is superb. You don’t usuall find hotels serving English breakfasts cooked individually just as you want them. That’s far better than all the buffet breakfasts I’ve tried – and that includes some four star hotels all over Europe.The location is perfect… especially for those travelling through Heathrow, ‘cause the Heathrow Express stops at Paddington which is just 5 minutes’ walk away (dont' take the tube especially if you're carrying heavy luggage). Edgware Road, Marble Arch, Hyde Park and the West End are also within walking distance. As for suggestions… the management could improve the choice of TV channels provided (there are many more interesting satellite channels available free-to-air) and install a network connection in the rooms to provide guests with internet access.	
Sep 30 2004	Fabulous find!	My husband and I along with another couple stayed at the Darlington Hyde Park in early September for eight nights. We found the front desk staff to be knowledgeable, helpful and cordial, going out of their way to assist in any way possible. During our stay in London the weather was unseasonably warm. Fortunately, our charming 2nd floor room had 2 large windows plus a fan, which let in a much-needed breeze during the night. The double bed had four nice plump pillows and the sheets and duvet cover were changed every day. The bathroom had a large tub and a nice high shower with terrific water pressure. The towels in the bathroom were thick, plump and large enough to wrap around you. A note to those that use washcloths – the Darlington, like most European hotels, does not provide them. The hairdryer did not have enough “oomph” for me; so if you have a “do” that needs a powerful blow dryer to make happen, better pack one. Loved the safe in the closet and the small refrigerator was nice to have as well. Our room and bathroom were cleaned spotlessly every day. The included breakfasts offered something for everyone in the sunny little room they call the Conservatory. You could have a full English breakfast (love the way they serve toast in England!), or just serve yourself from the vast assortment of fruits, cereals, rolls, and coffee from the buffet. The breakfast crew was very accommodating to us. We were not early risers several days and pushed the closing time a bit, but were never turned away unserved. This hotel has several security features in place for the safety of their guests. We looked at another hotel close by out of curiosity as we had been told it was half the price by another tourist, but noticed that anyone could walk in off the street, board the elevator and gain entrance to any of that hotel’s floors in seconds. After seeing that, we appreciated the safety measures the Darlington Hyde Park employs. Although an earlier poster mentioned creaky floors, we never noticed that at all - and we were in the same room she was - room 203. In fact both my husband &amp; I noted that you never heard any noise from the other rooms or outside in the hallways, and the hotel was full during our stay. This hotel is just a 5-minute walk from Paddington Station, a real plus. Nearby, you will find a handy Internet café on London Street, and to whet your whistle, a nice little pub on Praed &amp; Norfolk - The Fountain Arms, which serves fabulous roast chicken dinners on Sundays. The Darlington is a wonderful place to stay in London and a great value. One day while conversing with the front desk staff before heading out, the manager told me that they consider themselves to be a bed and breakfast hotel that treats their guests with dignity - and that they certainly do.	
Sep 28 2004	Comfort cleanliness and location at a ressonable price	We stayed at the Darlington from September 23 to 27, 2004. This is the cleanest hotel we've ever stayed in in London, and also the most comfortable. The bed was excellent, the fridge appreciated, and the breakfast good. Location couldn't be better. We had a room on the front which was a bit noisy with the wndow open. Staff were particularliy helpful!	
Sep 26 2004	Super Darlington	Stayed at the Darlington September 8-13. An absolute gem. Researched for hours trying to find affordable and covenient accomodation. Super friendly staff,immaculate rooms and overall fantastic value. Excellent location within 5 mins of Paddington Station. Would most definitely stay here again. Keep up the good work.	
Sep 25 2004	Great little hotel	We stayed here between 9/2 and 9/6/2004 and were delighted with this hotel. The room had plenty of space and a unique, 'split-level' bathroom. It was quite warm in London and while the room had no air conditioning the fan was more than sufficient. The hotel staff were warm and welcoming, and the location was very good. Our room was very quiet -- slept with the window wide open every night we were there. A bonus for us was the washer and dryer facility. We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 24 2004	Very nice place to stay!	I stayed at The Darlington from 15-20th september 2004. Location is good; nearby underground (Paddington) and a little walk to Hyde Park.It's on a rather busy street (at least busy at daytime) but I had a room at the back of the hotel, which was very nice, quiet and spacious enough (single room). It was cleaned every day; just like the nice bathroom with plenty of clean towels everyday. There was a fridge (very convenient!), coffee and tea making facilities, TV and a safe. Entrance to the hotel and the rooms only by keycard, which made me feel (as a solo female traveller) very safe.The breakfast was good; a choice of continental buffet or full English (at no extra cost, which is the case in many hotels!).Staff was very friendly and helpfull. I would stay here definitely again!	
Sep 14 2004	A Gem of a Place	We spent a week at this very fine property Sept 3-11, 2004. We went to London with another couple so we took two rooms on different floors. We searched this site long and hard before deciding on the Darlingtion. What a great find. This Hotel is spotless. The rooms are comfortable, the beds are great. The bathroom was clean and well supplied, and there is plenty of hot water. The staff was cordial and helpful. This hotel has very good security. The hotel is very close to Paddington Station, a short walk and there is good bus service also. The breakfast was very nice and the room it is served in very friendly. This is an area with many hotels and most are not as nice as this. We made a point of checking a few out to compare, while the fronts on the buildings look the same, the others were not on the par with this hotel. All rooms are non smoking. There is no airconditioning but the fan in the room helped. We would certainly stay there again. The Hotel provided the traveler with a clean, comfortable, safe room with a good breakfast, for an reasonable price. It does exactly what is promises and no one who goes there should be unhappy.	
Sep 14 2004	excellent hotel	I had a single room. The room is very small and without air condition but very very clean and well equipped with everything you need. The breakfast is excellent. The location is very good. Next time I will take the double room.Tal Shakked	
Aug 25 2004	Very good value (for spanish standards)	We have recently stayed 5 nights on this hotel, following the reviews of tripadvisor.com, and I have to say it have been a very good choice. The hotel is very clean, very well located (next the tube station, the bus stops and near lot of restaurants, shops...). The room is simple, but full equiped (with fridge, colour tv, hairdryer, coffee). The staff is extremely friendly and pacient (my english is so bad:-) I think is a very good value, 70 pounds per night, even for spanish standards. I'm sure I will choose this hotel again for my next stay in London.	
Aug 24 2004	Great Paddington Hotel a real find	I booked the Darlington after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor, and I was extremely pleased with the decision. We were given a double room (Room 16) on the ground floor at the back of the hotel, that had no view, but made up for it in that it was very quiet and dark for sleeping. It was decorated in business fashion, had fridge, fan (no air conditioning), and a safe, and the bed was very good. Breakfast was very nice, and hotel staff were very good. We paid 65 pounds per night from discountcityhotels.com, which was a fantastic rate.The hotel is in a great location, as others have said. For those of you on a budget, the underground to Heathrow is less than half the price of the express train, just as convenient, but stops all stations so takes longer.	
Aug 12 2004	Excellent Stay @ Darlington	Our stay at Darlington was a great pleasure. The room was very clean and nicely decorated, it was not too small and had an excellent shower. The only negative thing about the room was that it faced the street and since there is no airconditioning and we had to keep our windows open, we were forced to put up with loud noise from the street. The service at the hotel was extremely friendly and they went out of their way to make sure that all of our needs were met. The breakfast was also great. The location of the hotel is another bonus, it is a few blocks from Hyde Park and Paddington Station and there are a few decent restaurants in walking distance of the hotel. All in all, this hotel was a great bargain at about $150 per night and I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 27 2004	Great Family Hotel	This was a great find. We had a huge room, located in the back so it was quiet for our family of 4. Traveling with 2 young kids and only in town for the last 2 nites of our 16 day trip thru Europe. The family room had a queen, twin (for our 3 yr old) and a cot (pack-n-play) for our 1 yr old. The breakfast was great, the location is excellent. It was a quick 5 min walk to paddington station where the heathrow express train takes you to the terminal without stops in 15-20 minutes. We had great Indian take-out the first nite, there are endless food choices in this area and Hyde Park is a huge bonus for those of you who run or have kids or just want to enjoy the gardens and paths. There was a children's park and they were delighted with the Italien fountains. The frig in room is also a big plus with kids. The hallways are difficult to navigate with our double stroller, but compeltely do-able. For the value we would stay here again in a minute. It was 210 pounds for 2 nights including all taxes, fees, and breakfast. This hotel looks like nothing special from the outside being located in a row of townhouse hotels, but is a gem inside. Nothing posh, very straight forward, but a great value. PS no A/C. But a fan and windows	
Jul 24 2004	Very clean affordable convenient but a little creaky in the floor department	Our family of four (with 2 teenage girls) booked two rooms for three nights at the Darlington based on the reviews on this web site. The hotel was very helpful in getting two adjacent, though not connecting rooms and all of our contact with the hotel prior to arriving was just fine. We arrived in the evening via the Heathrow shuttle at Paddington and walked the three blocks to the hotel. Even toting medium sized wheelie bags, it's not a bad trek, only about 5 minutes. We found the rooms to be clean and adequately furnished (very smoke-free, too). The girls' room with two twin-sized beds was probably a better deal than the room with the smallish and hard full-size bed for my wife and me. If you can get a queen, by all means do it. The bathrooms were very clean and the showers, as others have written, have plenty of water pressure. However, the strange thing was that the floors in our rooms creaked with almost every step. I don't know if this was peculiar to our rooms (202 and 203). It was a bit annoying at first, then it became kind of funny. It could have been worse. It could have been the bed. The breakfast room is in the basement and cheerful enough. There's a bar with cereals, juices, prunes, coffee, etc. and on top of that you can order up a hot breakfast. But it's an English breakfast, of course, which means a couple of overcooked eggs, toast, cooked tomatoes, well-done sausage or bacon. Add or subtract at your option. Security at the hotel and in the surrounding neighborhood seemed very good. We felt safe at all times. The location is quite good. There are many small restaurants and pubs between Paddington Station and the hotel, making it convenient to get a quick bite. There are also about 20 hotels in that block of Sussex Gardens and while they all looked fine from the outside, the Darlington looked to be the about the best. If you run to get your exercise, Hyde Park is 2 minutes away, and you can lap it in 1/2 an hour or so. But the biggest convenience is being so close to the tube at Paddington and the bus lines as well. Overall, while not deluxe, the hotel is clean, convenient, secure and affordable (by London standards), but we might still scout around for something better next time. Watch out for the creaky floors.	
Jul 17 2004	Great place to stay in London!	The Darlington Hyde Park was wonderful. Not full of frills but very clean and nice staff. The location was great, right next to the Paddington Station where we were able to just hop on the tube at our convenience. Furthermore, the Heathrow Express went right out of Paddington which is an extra plus. The area was clean and we felt safe. Also when we arrived we were up-graded to a suite with no extra charge. Thank you Darlington….we are coming back next April!! Oh and just to let others know I am extremely picky about where I stay!!	
Jul 14 2004	Comfort and convenience!	This hotel was perfect for our family of four (2 s, 2 teens). We booked two rooms through visithotels---for about $150 each and the staff accomodated our request to have the rooms on the same hallway. The rooms were clean, good size (for London), had full bathrooms in them and a safe in the closet. The beds were comfortable and the breakfast (included) was fantastic. The staff were very friendly and helpful. It was a little warm in the rooms, but there were fans available. It was quiet and having an elevator was great. The location is very convenient near Paddington Station which connects to the main underground lines and the Heathrow Express which gets you to the airport in 15 minutes. It's a three block walk so if you have a lot of luggage, it can seem difficult. Very glad I researched so many hours to find this hotel. It made our stay so enjoyable.	
Jun 16 2004	Great location!	We recently spent three nights at the Darlington. The nearness to Paddington Station alone would have sold us on this hotel, but the excellent breakfast and the cleanliness of the rooms were outstanding as well. I am not a frequent European traveler but I don't think you would find more value for the money anywhere in London.	
Jun 14 2004	Quiet and Comfortable	I chose this Hotel after reading the reports in this web site. It was our first trip outside Australia so I wanted somewhere quite central but not to expensive. I was told that most hotels in London(expect the top ones) have small rooms, grumpy and unhelpful staff , and showers with no water pressure. Well what a suprise, the staff were great, the rooms were small but we could move around quite freely, they were very clean and quiet and the shower was as good as we have back home. Also it was just a very short walk to Paddington Station. We would certainly stay here when we return to the UK. Thank you to all the Darlington Hyde Park staff for making our stay in London so comfortable and relaxing.	
May 27 2004	Good for the price 75#s/nt/double	If you simply want a place to sleep at night that is pretty clean, secure and well located, this is a good hotel. While the service upon arrival was good, and the staff friendly, the contact over the phone was frustrating. First, when my husband called, we were told no double room (for 65#s) was available for our dates, only a studio for 120#s. This response was so fast there was no way they checked the computer. I, suspicious of this response, called the next day, and a double room was available for 75#s. Ok fine, we took it. I really wanted to stay here, based on the price and reviews here.Then I called back the day before we were leaving. I was researching a restaurant for our anniversary night during our stay. They said why don't you just get our advice once you arrive. Well, if I wanted to do that, I would not have called, would I? This was a big deal for us, and I wanted our night to be special, so I had to research the restaurant on the net. I was not satisfied with their response. I wanted to research the restaurant in advance, and make sure I could get a reservation. They didn't grasp the concept apparently. Once we arrived, we were impressed by the security. You have to be buzzed in or use a room key. Then there is another door to get to the rooms which requires a key. Our room, 100, overlooked the breakfast area atrium, and had a small balcony. I am not sure any others did. The room was pretty quiet at night. The room was clean and tastefully decorated, tea and coffee were provided, and several tv channels besides Auntie BBC, including German MTV, which was fun. There were tall ceilings and moulding which classed it up a bit. The only complaints I have on the room were the bed was too soft and the mattress thin, and the sparkling tub had a thick black hair in it. Why would you scrub it til it sparkles then leave a thick black hair? I was a bit disappointed. Oh, and the tub was perfect for a five year old to stretch out in, it was about three feet long. The shortest I have ever seen.The breakfast was good full English.The housekeeping was a big disappointment. We had not had much sleep, and woke up early to go to Portobello Road. So we needed a nap in the afternoon to rest up for our anniversary celebrations that night. The room service knocked when I was trying to nap, and I told them no thanks. I went to sleep again and an hour later they knocked. This time I had to tell them three times before they understood, No, NO NO I don't want any towels. Then as I am just drifting off again they CALL on THE PHONE! Do you want any TOWELS? NO! for the third time. If they called or knocked one more time I was going to have to get nasty. Fortunately the towel harassment stopped.Oh, and if you are going to London, and are counting on the tube Circle or District lines on the weekend, DON'T. We missed our long awaited Jack the Ripper Tour, though we left plenty early, because half of the tube is out of order on weekends for twelve more weeks. I wish we had known sooner. I hope this helps save you from an experience like the ruined anniversary celebration we had. Overall for the price, this hotel is good, especially for London from what I understand. I would recommend it if you don't mind small disappointments and are willing to put up with mediocre service to save a few bucks.	
May 12 2004	a real find!	lovely quiet , clean, even elegant room for two. Stayed only one night (alas) in April, 04, during our busy London week. Arrived late on the Heathrow Express, and walked from Paddington Station in about five minutes. The Conservatory Breakfast Room was delightful and the complimentary full English Breakfast served was excellent, plentiful and as ordered.Both the night and day desk staff were helpful with directions and maps. A lovely interlude! Would stay there in a heartbeat and the price through an online search was exceptional (56 GBP) on a Friday night. Don't hesitate to book this gem.	
May 11 2004	Great location good price	We just returned from a two night stay at the Darlington. It was a very clean and basic hotel. The staff were friendly and welcoming. When we had a trouble with the toilet in our room, we reported it to the desk as we went down to breakfast. By the time we finished breakfast it had been fixed. It also feels secure. Even the lobby is locked and you need to either open it with your room key or get buzzed in by the desk staff. We got a good price through Laterooms and the location to Paddinton station and the Heathrow Express makes it one of the most convenient places to stay. 	
Apr 14 2004	In the "Best Loved Hotels" book for a reason!		
Apr 13 2004	Saved the Best for Last		
Apr 8 2004	Good choice		
Apr 7 2004	Great hotel for the price		
Apr 1 2004	Worthwhile		
Feb 14 2004	My favourite London hotel		
Jan 20 2004	Excellent		
Dec 15 2003	Great Hotel		
Sep 10 2003 	Love Darlington		
Aug 29 2003	Delightful Darlington		
Aug 29 2003	¡Me ha gustado!		
Sep 22 2009 	Buena elección		
Sep 8 2009 	validissimo hotel		
Sep 7 2009 	soggiorno piu' che ottimo		
Sep 1 2009 	Tranquillo		
May 22 2009	Licht und Schatten		
May 3 2009	Ein empfehlenswerter Ausgangspunkt um London zu entdecken		
Feb 9 2009 	Un Hotel di sostanza		
Jan 18 2009 	Un ottimo 3 stelle.		
Dec 17 2008 	Recomendable		
Aug 19 2008 	Merece la pena el Darlington		
May 18 2008 	Wohlfühlen leicht gemacht!		
May 5 2008 	ottima base per londra		
Mar 31 2008 	Bon rapport qualité prix		
Dec 21 2007 	Hotel dignitoso		
Nov 30 2007 	Excelente Situación		
May 2 2007 	Un indirizzo da non scordare		
Apr 30 2007	Pas mal mais un confort à améliorer...		
Jan 24 2007	Absolutamente recomendable		
Sep 21 2006 	Me decepcionó		
Aug 16 2006 	Empfehlenswert		
