	Excellent Excellent Excellent	My wife and I recently stayed at this property with our one year old. I can not say enough about how wonderful the service was. The hotel is well managed, and the staff were all extremely pleasant and professional. We could not get within 15ft of the stairs before someone was there to help us with our stroller. The area is very close to 2 large parks and adjacent to the metro stop. There is a grocery across the street and several restaurants close. We arrived early so the staff took us to the lounge for a brief stay until our room was ready. I am a regular marriott business traveler, so I am used to the lounges. This one was very nice compared to some. The room was very clean and well appointed. I would definitely stay here again.	
	Terrific Service and Interesting Neighbourhood	I moved to this hotel for 3 nights during my October 2009 stay in London, as I was attending a business meeting. I had to use Marylebone Station and this hotel put me within walking distance for my early morning start. I also now had a business account, so my budget increased over my personal one. From the moment we entered the lobby, it was apparent that we were entering a luxury hotel. The ratio of staff to clientele had increase three-fold over our previous &quot;leisure&quot; hotel. The decor was beautiful and the service was warm and inviting. We were given early access to our room, even though I had expected just to store luggage. The room was clean, stylish and comfortable, with more seating and room than the previous hotel.I had to use the business centre daily and I found it to be quiet. I had a few questions on how to download and view files, but there was always a helpful staff member nearby who found out the answer (and didn't make me feel silly for asking).The neighbourhood is very interesting, with lots of Arabic restaurants and shops. There is a coffee shop across the corner, in case you want to venture out from the hotel's own restaurant. There is also a particularly good restaurant called Beirut Express around the corner, with phenomenal food. Of course, Oxford street is two blocks away, with loads of shopping and fast-food places. The nearest tube station is within two blocks and the hotel is well-located for lots of interesting walks nearby.	
	Nice Hotel and a easy taxi ride from the airport at Heathrow .	Got a taxi from Heathrow to Marriott £38 www.heathrowminicabs.com Tel [--]Once you get there it is so easy to walk to many tourist spots in London	
Nov 21 2009 	Great value tiny rooms	Stayed here for 8 nights with my wife and 15-month old. Great value for what we were paying - especially with Marriott Gold status and the free breakfast not just in the lounge but the buffet. No complaints on service - all very good. Biggest issue is the size of the rooms - they are tiny. I don't see how they can accommodate more than one person in those rooms. Location is good, not great. It's a decent walk to any tube station, but having Edgware Road near by gives some good options for food and groceries.	
Oct 28 2009 	Good Value nice rooms short taxi just about anywhere	One of the best values we could find, rooms were large, we shared with a group of 4 in 2 double beds on rewards club floor, which had internet access and breakfast, and lunch snacks.	
Oct 21 2009 	Jolly Good	We just returned from 1 week (7 nights, 8 days) staying at the London Marble Arch Marriott. The hotel was fantastic! Our room was a king sized bed on the 1st floor and was just right for the two of us. I would return here in a heartbeat. Just wish I had more money and vacation time to come back!Here is some info that may be of value to you fellow travelers:-Closest Tube station is Marble Arch or Edgeware. If you plan on shopping along Oxford Street, then Marble Arch is the stop you should use as it is directly on Oxford Street.-No coffeemaker in room. Only hot water kettle. So, if you are a coffee lover, you may be disappointed to find only instant coffee. But, when in London do as the Londers do...so make yourself a cup of tea with milk and sugar! If you need coffee, then you will rest assured that there are coffee shops close by to satisfy your need. Pret a Manger, Cafe Nero, and Starbucks are everywhere. Cafe Nero has a location just a block or 2 away from the hotel.-No refrigerators in the room. You can request a mini-fridge (not free).-Tap water is good! I know, what an odd comment to make. But, I live in CA where people (myself included) are picky about water. So, I was pleasantly suprised to enjoy their tap water, which I used to make tea and refill my water bottles.-Safe in the room. Easy to use.-No free WIFI. There was free WIFI outside of the hotel, incidentally titled &quot;Free Public WIFI&quot; which worked just fine.-Bed was very comfortable and had piles of pillows.-Hot water in the shower was amazing! Stayed hot for a long time and heated up very quickly.-Shampoo, body gel, lotion, soap, and shower cap provided. No conditioner. I bet they have it available upon request, but I brought my own, so never asked. -The front desk will have the bellman bring your luggage to your room. You can certainly bring your own up to the room. But, if you use the bellman, remember to tip 50 pence per bag. If I remember more things, then I will add to this review. But, I hope you have a chance to go to London and to experience the great Marriott service at this fine hotel. Cheerio!	
Oct 20 2009 	This hotel is very conveniently located clean and modern and has very helpful staff.	We stayed at this hotel for four days and liked its very convenient location which is a one block walk to London's great bus system and a five block walk to the Tube station right at Marble Arch. Just beyond Marble Arch is Hyde Park and the Mayfair district. We had read in previous reviews of the hotel that it is located in &quot;little Arabia.&quot; This is a correct statement with lots of Middle Eastern restaurants and coffee houses nearby. But the neighborhood is also a great melting pot with people on the street of all races and ethnicities. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. The hotel is modern and clean. Our room was small but had an extremely comfortable king size bed. We didn't spend much time in the room with so many wonderful things to see in London. The hotel's buffet breakfast was great and we also had a delicious lunch there. We booked the hotel through the Marriott Rewards website and got an excellent rate (average of 150 pounds per night). We definitely would stay there again.The recommendation of a nearby Italian restaurant from an earlier hotel review was accurate. The restaurant is called Biaggi's and it's only two blocks from the hotel. Fantastic food!	
Oct 11 2009	Love Oxford street	We are a young family with four kids under 9yrs, We just had our first trip London, where we stayed at the Marriott Marble Arch. We were close by to Oxford street, which seemed to have many many shops. It was a great street to lots of shopping. However, we ran out of time and we're not able to explore all the shops along this street. When we do come back, we will stay close to this street again	
Sep 18 2009 	Wonderful Centralized Location	This location is near the Marble Arch Tube Station; it's approximately six blocks away and one block away from Edgeware Road if you'd like to take the bus. Notting Hill is a few tube station stops away to the west. Hyde Park is near and if you like shopping, Oxford Street and Regent Street are also nearby. We loved the location and would stay there again in a heartbeat!	
Sep 16 2009 	lovely quiet yet near enough to what is going on	Had a lovely honeymoon at the hotel, they even put a bottle of champagne and strawberries in the room. Was a nice size room that was clean. We liked the location, ten minutes walk to the tube, easier to get to edgeware road than walk to marble arch.Plenty of places around there to eat, get a coffee. We found the staff helpful and friendly, had a booking issue but was resolved immediately.didn't have breakfast in the hotel, lots of places within ten minutes walk to eat and drink.	
Sep 11 2009 	Not the best but not the worst Marriott	Oddly, the Marriott Park Lane is closer to Marble Arch than the Marriott Marble Arch. It is slightly too far up Edgeware road to be considered one of the better located hotels for central london, but it is not too bad. Selfridges is probably 15 minute walk away. The hotel due to its location around Edgeware road is popular with visiting Arabs and can get fully booked in July to September. I stay here with work quite a bit and most rooms are the same, but I do feel they can be quite hot and lack fresh air. Food in the bar is ok but nothing great and service is everything from exceptional to slightly lazy. However, it is never to the point where you regret staying there. Overall a good hotel for business needs but not for a holiday experience. The best rates for the hotel seem to be had if you search via www.getroomscheaper.com as during peak times the room rates are very expensive for where it is.	
Sep 2 2009 	excellent stay at the marriot.	just returned from a two day trip to london for my son's birthday. we really enjoyed our stay at this hotel and found all the staff to be extremely professional and would go that extra mile for you. the room was fine and the area the hotel was situated in i did wonder what it would be like after reading some of the review's but infact we felt safe there and were out walking around the front streets quite late at night as most of the shops were still open. the breakfast was fantastic and we had an evening meal in the restaurant which was lovely, eureka the waitress who served us was outstanding. all in all a good hotel with very professional friendly staff!!! really enjoyed our stay here!!	
Aug 28 2009 	Great Hotel very Poor Location	Arrived by taxi from train station. Very lovely hotel, lobby and lots of security personal hanging around. Everyone very nice and helpful. Rooms just what you would expect. Once you walk onto Edgeware Road you have been transported to Little Beirut (put it nicely as one of the stores are called that). Never felt unsafe walking down this street to the tube but never felt comfortable. In evening lots of people hanging out or in restaurants smoking a BuKa. Felt better walking thru the residential area. A few local pubs in opposite direction of Edgeware Road but the BEST ITALIAN restaurant two blocks south of Hotel and just off of Edgeware Road. They have been there for 50 years.Lots of grocery stores on the way to the tube. Next time in London I would stay somewhere else OR save my pennies to take a TAXI to my sightseeing location. And for Americans -coffee maker is just a water heater and instant coffee.	
Aug 24 2009 	Not as good as other Marriott properties in London	We found the staff very friendly when we arrived at the hotel, but our room was a bit disappointing. It was very small for the price we paid. We had stayed at Marriott Hotel Grosvenor House a week before at about the same price and their room amenities were so much better.	
Aug 18 2009 	No Regrets	I stayed here at the last minute with my family. It was one of the few hotels that would accommodate 4 persons. The concierge was great and helped in booking side trips, tickets, and what bus to take. I was pleased with all the room and location. Walking through the neighborhood hookah bars was an experience. Luckily, earlier reviews gave me the heads-up.	
Aug 15 2009 	Good Hotel Good service Central Location	Hotel is quite nice, clean, good service. Location is very convenient too, central London. The hotel is small but cozy and staff is doing its best to please customers.The surrounding streets are not the best for going out though, but there are some good places few street further.Beds are comfy. Restaurant and room service food is average and overpriced. If you get a room near the lift it will be noisy. I stayed there more than 6 times and had different rooms. Besides that all rooms I stayed in are quite nice.	
Aug 10 2009 	Good Experiance but Pricy	I stayed in this hotel after exensive search for similar standards in London busy areas. We booked a family room for nearly two weeks through the Marriot International Reservation and got fairly good rate including breakfast compared on what we found on the Web! although Costa Coffee is just 1 minute walk from the Hotel and starbucks is 5 minutes away!The Room was bearly fitting the four of us small compared to Middle East, Asia, and US standards but fall within European standards. I was thrilled with the cleanness, hotel staff, and i cant complaint about the food in the only resturant they have.The location is not bad 10-15 minutes walk to Marble Arch tube station, Hyde Park and the famous Oxford street..One small heck up is that the Hotel had extensively authorized my credit card which lead to blocking my limits ! I had to step in several time to explain that to the receiption but could only fix it through the supervisor who addmitted the mistake! Remeber to bring few cards with you as back up for such inconveiniant events!	
Jul 30 2009 	Good location good beds clean safe	Stayed for one week over xmas. Very nicely renovated property, helpful concierge. The area - a 5 min walk from Marble Arch tube station - is like a mini Beirut, with lots of falafel shops &amp; bars full of men (yes, mainly men) smoking from hukkas. I can't say I thought it was dangerous, but I did not think it was good idea for our teenage daughters to walk back to the hotel after catching a movie down the street (in the evening).	
Jul 25 2009 	Wonderful London Hotel for family of four - or anyone!	Let me start off by saying that I am really picky about hotels and this hotel gets high marks from me in every category. It's very, very clean - which is my number one issue - and very spacious. The entire room, including the bathroom, looked like it was brand new and the two queen-size beds were extremely comfortable.The staff across the board was friendly and helpful - from the front desk people to all the concierges. They would always take the time to explain what tube we needed to take or where to catch the bus.We stayed here last month for a week and used this hotel as our base, taking some day trips and doing local sightseeing.Trying to find a nice, clean hotel in London to accomodate a family of four (with 2 teenagers) was a challenge, because most hotel rooms are small and only accomodate 3 at the most. This hotel far exceeded my expectations.The hotel is a short walk to the Marble Arch tube station and also a short walk to catch the bus (although we mostly used the tube). There are mostly Middle Eastern type restaurants nearby (which none of us like) but there is a good pub - Duke of York - a block away. Most days we ate lunch and dinner in other sections of London where we were sightseeing anyway.The hotel breakfast was a bit pricey, so we got coffee and a pastry across the street from hotel each morning at Costa Coffee (really good coffee)!We also ate dinner a few nights in the bar area of the restaurant, which serves much of the same food as the restaurant and also has some great appetizers and bar food.The only thing I can ding them on is that the Wi-Fi isn't free, but I guess a lot of nicer hotels are charging for that these days.If you are looking for a really nice hotel to accomodate a family of four - this is it! It's definitely four-star quality from the extremely friendly and helpful staff to the yummy food in the bar/restaurant.I was never a big Marriott fan before, but this hotel has changed my mind.	
Jul 24 2009 	Lovely quiet hotel	A lovely hotel, my husband and i where on a trip to Buckingham Palace and had choosen this hotel for its close proximity to the Palace. The room was clean and spacious and the hotel staff attentive and friendly the only thing i would say is it is mainly a Middle Eastern area and mainly Middle Eastern cafes/shops and if your not used to it a bit of a shock having said that i would recommend this hotel to friends. The tube is only a 10 minute walk and with easy reach of everything by tube.	
Jul 22 2009 	Fantastic hotel! Clean up market and the staff couldn't do enough!	The London Marriott Hotel at Marble Arch is a lovely hotel. Nine of us went for our daughters 18th birthday. The hotel is a good 4 star hotel, clean luxurious and the staff couldnt do enough for us. We weren't too keen on the immediate surrounding area but as we used taxis to get to where we wanted to go it wasnt a problem. We would definately recommend the hotel to anyone.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great hotel for London stay with kids	We had 4 nights here with our 2 kids in a club room on the 12th floor. The room had 2 queen sized beds, nice bathroom and all you would expect from a Marriott. The pool and gym area were better than expected, both very nice so we used them regularly.Staff at the hotel were great, especially the concierges who seemed to be always smiling despite the constant barrage of guests requiring their services. I liked the way that even the cleaning staff would smile and say a nice hello when passing in the hall, as well as breakfast staff being friendly and efficient. They actually gave the impression they didn't mind cleaning up after you, rather than doing it under sufference.Location is handy for Oxford St and Hyde Pk - easy to go for a jog around the park. We used the buses the most as the tube was further away - almost the same distance to Edgeware Rd and a little further to Baker St. One time we caught the tube to Edgeware Rd, then just hopped on a bus back to the hotel as we were exhausted. Just watch there is a Marriott at Marble Arch called Marriott Park Lane, where is this one is on George St.Club lounge was handy for us - one internet terminal which is restricted to 20 mins per use and no free wifi. Also, no drinks included - no cocktail hour that we were expecting. We did make use of the coffee machine and it gave us a haven away from the kids.Launderette is only 2 streets away across the road from the Masons arms - pop your laundry in the machine and have a quick bite while you wait.Breakfast had a lovely selection including freshly made waffles which the kids loved. There seemed to be plenty of families there over the weekend.We really enjoyed our stay and would happily stay there again.	
Jul 17 2009 	OK hotel when visiting London	I booked this hotel through the Marriott site (book 3 nights, get 1 night free). The first morning they told me breakfast was not included in the package and would be charged separately. If the 3 of us would have taken our breakfast in the hotel for 3 days this amounted nearly to the price of the free night.... suddenly the free night seemed less of a bonus... We decided to have breakfast outside of the hotel.The room was spacious and well kept. The beds were great and we all slept very well. The hotel is well isolated but you have to keep the windows closed to avoid the noise.The food in the restaurant was expensive and very bad. My daughters had a Cesars Salad which was just a pile of salad with 3 crumbs of Parmezan cheese. I had a steak that I could chew on forever. Overall, a good hotel to stay when visiting London. It is located near Notting Hill but further away from the major tourist attractions. On the other hand, the underground of Marble Arch is 5 minutes walk.	
Jul 13 2009 	A great base for a trip to London!!	Just arrived back from a weekend trip to London with 5 friends. We booked the Marriott Marble Arch because it was great value for money, accommodated us in 2 rooms and had leisure faciltiesl!I have to say it did take a while to locate the hotel but once we found it and realised that there was a much quicker and more direct route than the one we took we were pleased with our choice of location. We had booked 2 rooms with an interconnecting door (through the Marriott website) but on checking in we were informed that although our rooms were next to each other they were not interconnecting as the hotel does not have these types of rooms. We found this quite frustrating as we had not been told this at the time of booking and to be honest knowing this we probably would have booked another hotel. However, this was the only down side to our stay at this hotel!All staff that we encountered with extremely friendly and went the extra mile to help - especially the door staff and concierge! The rooms were spacious, clean and modern but the best part of the room had to be the beds - they were so comfortable with crisp white linen on. 2 great nights sleep was had by all!!There was a good choice at the breakfast buffet although we did think that it was very pricey (we had 2 breakfasts paid for in our room rate but had to pay for the others). If we'd been on room only we would definitely have gone out for breakfast.All in all we had a fantastic trip to London and was pleased with our choice of hotel.	
Jul 10 2009 	The staff was exceptional...	The London Marble Arch is quite a walk away from the marble arch and is not on the main road... yet it was a comfortable hotel with exceptional staff... the Concierge was very helpful in everything that we needed of him as was the restaurant staff.. Due to the mainly central location of the hotel, we used the bus services to cover up most of what we wanted to do in London... the rooms were very well kept and the bed was very comfortable.. The main road of the hotel is dotted with Arabic eateries and people hence felt a lil uneasy at first.... but overall nice stay at a lovely Marriott.	
Jul 6 2009 	Comfortable hotel in interesting location	Very cosmopolitan hotel -- people from all over the world. Comfortable room, but little nervous about getting in and out of tub shower. Maid service spotty -- had to call for more towels. Front desk seemed to have problems understanding.Good suggestions for dinner and car service to airport from conceirge.Yes, one block from many Middle Eastern restaurants, but in other directions, none. Not at all scary. Short walk to tube.	
Jul 5 2009 	Loved it so much we became Marriott reward members!	Was very impressed with the size of the room and the layout. The bathroom was small but sufficient. The whole room was very clean. It is in close proximity to the shops on Oxford Street but as it is not on the main Edgeware Road, it is relatively quiet. The service including room service was brilliant. Pool was out of order however we used the Jacuzzi and sauna (no steam room). Prices for food and drink were as you would expect for a centre of London hotel. The best part was the bed. It was so incredibly comfortable we didn't want to leave. I slept very well that weekend. I think I may even buy Marriott bedding!Will definitely stay again and have recommended it to friends.	
Jun 23 2009 	clean hotel and very friendly staff	Great hotel. Our room (#820) was large (for European standards) enough for 2 adults and 2 kids. Smallish bathroom but it works. Very friendly staff, too expensive hotel breakfast buffet. Nice pool and workout facility. Close to Marble Arch Tube stop ( approx. 6 blocks away) Close to Oxford street, Hyde park (Speaker's Corner), Kensington, short ride to Notting Hill - Portobello RD. Very diverse area (Lebanese, Iranian) and for me it was not conducive to enjoying a tea at a cafe nearby due to Hookka smoke. Felt safe and very satisfied. If I could get a hotel for the same price and amenities in London's main Square mile, I would but we were very happy. Newly remodeled.	
Jun 14 2009 	Nice London Hotel	I stayed in this hotel for one night in London, extending a business trip using my Marriott points for a personal day. Staff was extremely courteous, room was clean and quiet. As others have mentioned, it is a mostly middle eastern neighborhood, with nice local restaurants. Was a six pound taxi ride from Paddington Station, I used the tube to get around after that. Nice walk to tube station and Hyde Park.	
Jun 6 2009 	luvly hotel. bar service slow but nice food	Very pleased with hotel however I think the address is a little deceptive. We got off the bus at Marble Arch and went to the Marriot there but that was the Marriot Park Lane. So had to walk 5 minutes to the Marriot in Edgeware Rd. Staff were very friendly, hotel was so clean and tidy, room was lovely, however the bathroon was very small, barely enough room for 1 person. Breakfast was lovely, plenty of everything and the staff were very helpful. We went with our 2 children, 12 &amp; 10 and I would definitely recommend it.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great value all-around.	Great location. Great hotel. Nicely secluded in a Middle Eastern neighborhood. Easily accessible from the Tube and all the major spots you want to visit. Best way to get there from Heathrow (if you don't have that much luggage and travel light) is to take the Tube to the Holbron station and transfer there to the Marble Arch stop. It takes a good hour and 15 minutes but it is cheap (4 pounds) and effective. Make a right after you come out of the station and make another right 2 blocks over and then it is a 7 minute walk to George St. Make a right on George and you're there!  I got the breakfast package and it was very well worth it. They are very accommodating as we are very healthy eaters. The gym is adequate and the pool is OK after a long walk around town. I highly recommend it.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great hotel just don't deal with Concierge	We booked 7 night stay with Travel Agent. On arrival we were offered upgrade to Executive Lounge for 40 GBP. It was pricey but took it for convienece. Room was very nice, hotel clean, neighborhood not bad. The staff in Executive Lounge was fabulous. They could not do enough for you. The common computer was great and really everyone was very considerate of others- no computer hogs at all. Our big problem was the Concierge desk. On Sunday the man on duty was very helpful. When I asked what the best route to Picadilly Circus he directed me to the nearest bus route and gave me a map. The next day when I asked a different person on duty what the best route on the tube would be to Waterloo Station he said &quot;Take a cab&quot; I explained we wanted tube route and he again brushed me off with the cab. We found our way on our own. Then we asked for help in getting tickets to Oliver and were told they could get nothing. We went to the box office and got 4th row stalls. Then we booked a car to get to Heathrow on Sunday morning. We confirmed it on Saturday night and on Sunday morning there was no car, the man on duty saw it written in the book but the car service had no reservation and no car so we ended up taking a cab . My review is this is a very nice hotel. They take 3 in a room. It is very clean. The Executive Lounge is fabulous. The breakfast there was wonderful. The hotel would get 5 circles if they had a concierge that actually helped . Stay there but whatever you do dont deal with these people or you will be very displeased.	
May 27 2009 	Good value hotel - shame about the noise!	We stayed at this Hotel for a family weekend away - so we booked 3 rooms.We asked for high rooms, but upon arrival were told only a lower floor was available. Didn't worry too much about this, until the Saturday night when a wedding was on and we could feel the floor vibrating in our room!We tried to call reception/concierge for approx 30 mins but got no answer from anyone - so very cross and bleary eyed, we went down personally to complain.After a very heated discussion with the staff - eventually we got a discount off our bill - but by this time we were so tired, that we didn't care! The bride and groom from the Wedding were just checking out and they were lovely - even apologised as they said they should really have allocated the lower rooms to their wedding guests and put other guests in higher rooms (thought that was really nice!).The Rooms are comfortable - standard for a Marriott and updated so very nice apart from the vibrating floor!! We drank in the bar - the service there was great - the staff very efficient, even with us asking for different Ports late at night!All in all, not a bad stay, just marred by the noise - would really recommend that if you want peace and quiet, to ensure you speak to them direct to guarantee a high room at a weekend,	
May 26 2009 	Great location helpful staff modern interior	I wanted to find a charming &quot;English&quot; hotel while in London - no chains for me - but all seemed to have tiny rooms (if reasonable) or too expensive. So, a great 2 nights for 3 deal, larger room size, and good reviews persuaded me to try this Marriott. I wasn't disappointed. The location is near Marble Arch and Edgewater Rd - nothing to see in the neighborhood, really, but terrific and central for sightseeing all over the city. Just around the corner on Edgewater is a central bus route - so climb on the 15 bus to go west to all the sites (Oxford Street shopping is very nearby with Marks and Spenser, on to St. Pauls, ending up at Tower of London) or take the 414 east to Knightsbridge and get off at Herrods. Buy an Oyster card and ask the bus drivers or use the easy kiosks for routes. Or, walk 5 minutes to the tube. Costa Coffee across the street for easy/cheap breakfast and good coffe, or Patissarie Valerie for more elegant, yet still affordable breakfast. Also the (busy) Pret a Manger at tube stop for breakfast/lunch sandwiches. Several English pubs around the neighborhood on back streets in easy walking, ask the concierge or front desk. The hotel is spotless, modern, elegant and small - with a lovely, helpful staff always willing to give directions. We were able to check in early (bless them). One important note: we had requested a room with two beds through Expedia, but were unable to guarantee this (even with a call into Marriott with my Silver Award level), and when we arrived we were told that all the 2-bed rooms had been given to those with guarantees (I assume these are only available through Marriott reservations). So if 2 beds are key, reserve through Marriott or directly with the hotel. The hotel is tucked away in a side street, which helps with noise (very quiet), though the exterior is non-descript, non-charming modern building with scaffolding. Rooms were elegant, modern, decorated at levels you expect of Marriott, a bit on the small size (standard for a big city), but plenty of room for two with 2 giant suitcases.	
May 20 2009 	Nice family hotel	I would definitely recommend this hotel. We stayed here for 3 nights with our 2 teenagers and had a very enjoyable stay. The rooms were clean, comfortable and nicely decorated. There was plenty of room for all of us. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The concierge recommended a great italian restaurant within walking distance (good prices too!) and was kind enough to make our reservations as well. The location is good as well. It is about a 5 minute walk to the Marble Arch. We also walked to Buckingham Palace in about 15-20 minutes (we love to walk). There are several bus tours from the Arch area. The cab from Pancras station took about 10 minutes. The breakfast was quite nice too. I will stay here again if I travel to London.	
Apr 28 2009 	Very Impressed. Excellent stay.	The Marriott at Marble Arch was a very pleasant stay. Room was large, very clean, well equipped, very comfortable, quiet and had superb views over the London rooftops. Staff extremely friendly and polite. Buffet breakfast superb. Lots of choice (and no-one bats an eyelid if you really *fill up* for a long day sighseeing!). Would definately stay here again. Thank you Marriott!	
Apr 22 2009 	Friendly Hotel	Would recommend this hotel, hotel staff were very nice and went the extra mile. Rooms were quiet and nicely decorated, a typical marriott. Outside being done up and bar area needs to be done up but overall great hotel at a very affordable price for central london. Not the height of luxury but the staff and location more than make up for it.	
Apr 18 2009 	Friendly comfortable hotel	Staff were excellent from the Cuban doormen who charmed the children to the friendly consierge who located a cinema for the wee ones to watch a 3D film. Hotel quiet and comfortable,breakfast excellent,pool small but great place to relax after a day on the streets. Location, an interesting 5 minute walk through Arabia to Marble arch.	
Apr 14 2009 	Not the poshest but fair and comfortable	Been there for Easter holidays. The hotel (as the whole London) was packed with tourists (mainly italians and spanish). Not so well located (5 minutes walk from Marble Arch to reach St.George St). Everybody, from the receptionist to the concierge, was very collaborative and helpful. We had booked a family room (two kids 8-12), but the only available for the first day of stay was a smoker's room at the 11th floor. We decided to keep it anyway, because there was no smell at all. Well equipped little gym, sauna and a not so small pool are part of the fair deal. Great english breakfast!	
Apr 13 2009 	great hotel fair location	This was a very nice hotel from start to finish. The clerk upon checking was very pleasant and informed us of an upgrade of 10 pound per person/night for daily breakfast and use of their &quot;executive lounge&quot;, which allowed tea/coffee/soda/water and afternoon snacks/desserts as well as comfy chairs and a computer. We found this upgrade very reasonable for what was given. The room was large and very clean. The bed was very comfortable as well. The only problem I can imagine is that the bathtub is very high and might be an issue for someone with back/knee problems. The hotel is a short walk to bus and/or underground stops, so the area was not a problem.	
Apr 8 2009 	Not a bad hotel but felt they were not totally upfront	We booked our hotel rooms through Expedia. We booked 2 rooms for 3 nights and requested double beds in both rooms for April 3-5. Expedia said they would have to contact the hotel directly to get approval for this request, which they did. We were told that our request had been approved and that we would have double beds in both rooms. My husband was suspect, but I continued to believe it was a doable request. Upon check in we were told that both rooms were king only. The staff told me that they were totally booked because it was the Easter weekend. They mentioned more than once that the reservation had been done through Expedia and I received the impression that since we used Expedia, we were not at the top of the heap so to speak to receive any special favors. However, they stated that they could put us in an upgraded room, with a sofa bed, but it would be a smoking room. She assured us that people rarely smoke in the room and that we should be okay. Unfortunately, that was not the case. The smoky smell was very prevalent as soon you walked in. Due to the fact that there would be four in the room, we had no choice but to accept the smoking room. The sad part is that the staff member misrepresented herself when she said she it was Easter weekend and that other people had booked their rooms months in advance (we booked 1 month in advance). I later learned that Easter weekend was really the following weekend, not the weekend that we were there. I believe that the truth is always a better option when dealing with the public and would have appreciated more honesty. Overall the rooms were okay. It was small but clean. The king bed was comfortable. There was handwriting on the wall done by a child in pencil that had not been removed. I would consider staying again, but would need a guarantee on the type of room we were to receive.	
Apr 6 2009 	The place to be when on business in London	The best hotel in it's categorie I've ever stayed when in London for business. You ger really fair deals on marriott.com! The room was good sized and very comfortable and clean. The bathrooms are small but bright and modern. Breakfast is worth it, they have a great buffet. Every staff was very friendly and the receptionist how checked me in on Monday still knew my name at check-out on Friday. The location of the Hotel is perfect for London (business or leisure) 10 mins to Oxford Street, 7 min to two Tube stations with 4 different underground lines.	
Mar 27 2009 	Good location and value for an expensive city - likely to stay there again	We managed to book our stay at a decent rate through the Marriott promotions website. Turns out the rate was excellent for the location (about 4 blocks from the Marble Arch tube station, close proximity to convenient bus and tube lines, and fair walking distance to major sites). Hotel staff were extremely friendly and responsive...the front desk staff not only allowed us to check-in early, but also upgraded our room at no extra cost. Tucked behind a busy street, we enjoyed a quiet stay. Rooms were roomy and clean. After a long day, we settled on dinner in the hotel restaurant and were sorely disappointed - the food was extremely overpriced and merely edible. There are plenty of better restaurants and pubs in the neighborhood.	
Mar 25 2009 	I wish I was still there	Great hotel......The beds were sublime...The staff was smiley and attentive wthout being in your face...What a handsome doorman! Excellent Excellent Excellent..The most enjoyable hotel I have stayed in in London for years..especially when you have 4 people to fit in a room. The only criticism is the outrageous price for breakfast ...It would have been nice to eat at the hotel but when Starbucks and the wonderful Pattiserie Valerie are nearby...it really doesn't matter...I will recommend this hotel to everyone that will listen to me!	
Mar 23 2009 	Paying a lot for very little	I was extremely disappointed with this Marriott. I have always had great experiences with Marriott hotels before but this place made me wish I had booked a different hotel. From the outside of the hotel, the place is covered with scaffolding which makes the place look very unattractive.To be perfectly frank, it simply looks ghetto. On the inside, it is somewhat improved. The lobby is very small, however. I requested a room with double beds, thinking that the room itself would be larger. It was sadly, a very tight fit. The bathroom was so small that you could not even open the door all the way back. I was most disappointed with the beds. The mattresses were old and springy, when you sat down, you could feel the coils poking up at you. On my mattress, half of it was significantly dented in than the other half. If you slept in the middle of the bed, you would feel as though the entire bed was slanted. A very uncomfortable feeling. The other thing that really irked us was the fact that despite their website advertising of free wi-fi Internet, there was none to be had. There is absolutely NO WI-FI connection in the hotel, and instead, there is high speed Internet, but for the atrocious asking price of 15 pounds just to log on. It costs 15 pounds for a 24 hr usage, which is very unreasonable. At first, I thought it was for 24 actual hours of usage...like, use 2 hours today, 2 hours tomorrow, 1 hour the day after that, etc. No- it is not like that at all. From the moment you log on, say 8am Monday, you are charged 15 pounds till 8am Tuesday, regardless of the fact if you were only on the Internet for 3 hours. You are still charged $22.50 (15 pounds) for just 3 hours of being on the Internet. This is the most unreasonable thing I have ever heard of. When we first checked into the hotel, the minibar was not completely stocked. We never used anything in the minibar but instead bought our drinks from a supermarket and put it in it. As we were checking out, the hotel billed us $70 pounds for items it said we used! After a confrontation at the desk, we were able to get the charges deleted, but if you even open up the minibar and put your own item in the slot and take it out again, it will automatically charge you. The name of this hotel is very misleading. It is actually about a 3-4 block (10 minute) walk to Marble Arch. There is another Marriott right across from the Marble Arch that is called Marriott Park Lane. That place looked a whole lot nicer! The only thing good about this hotel is that the concierge and staff were friendly and very helpful.	
Mar 23 2009 	Not a real Marriott.	We booked four nights but checked out after only one. At check-in, the clerk immediately and aggressively started up-selling. Oh, and 14 GBP per day for internet! No noticeable recognition for being at elite level in the Marriott system. There is scaffolding on the building, which is on a dusty side street to which walks past a number of Hookah cafes populated by ogling Arabs. The rooms are not nearly as nice as a Courtyard in the States. Bathrooms tiny enough that one could his teeth while seated on the toilet. The bar had no bartender, but only a waitress who did not know how to make a martini. This hotel is a joke, not at all what was advertised and is nowhere near what one typically finds at a Marriott; they should sell this dump.	
Mar 16 2009 	Marriott at its best !!	One of the nicest hotels I've stayed in in this country. Did a four day weekend break thro' Superbreak and they suggested we split the package to save money, so always check their offers rather than the Marriott web site! Our room with the kingsize bed was very comfortable and clean and the bathroom was bright and modern. The bar and restaurant were really nice and the food was of a very high standard! But remember this is London hotel prices but it's worth the extra!! The staff were very professional and friendly - nothing was too much trouble. The hotel is off the Edgware Road and less than 10 minutes walk from Oxford Street if you avoid the main road with the Lebanese and Morroccan Restaurants! Very interesting area! Use an Oyster Card as all the main buses stop nearby and Marble Arch tube is 10 mins away. We never had to wait for the cab - the Marriott doorman got one for us everytime!! Can't fault the hotel if you want to be near the shops and Hyde Park and a little piece of calm oasis in a bustling city!!	
Mar 13 2009 	Great hotel 	I stayed at this hotel with friends and we had a great 2 x double bedded room, the room had just been refurbed and the beds were very comfortable. The location was good but we wanted to go sight seeing and it was sometimes quite a long walk to get to things. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly, upon check in we upraded to use the executive suite which had free internet, continental breakfast, snacks and unlimited soft drinks, it cost us £35 a day but between three of us we thought that was great value for money. We ate in the restaurant twice and the food was great (especially the desserts!) we also had hot chocolate in the bar everyday after our sight seeing and shopping and they were great! Overall this hotel is great and we would definately go back.	
Mar 9 2009 	It was everything I was expecting!	What a great hotel, spotlessly clean, and the staff were very accommodating. Our room wasn't ready so we were given complimentary drinks in Chat's Bar! It was my birthday, hence the reason for the trip and there was a comlimentary bottle of wine and cake for me!! Breakfast was fab, all you could eat and we had dinner in the restaurant, though the drinks were a little on the pricey side, it was a fab meal . Highly recommend the Rissotto. I would stay there again.	
Mar 8 2009 	very friendly and central hotel would really recommend this hotel	we stayed at the mariott hotel marble arch london for a weekend break, we found the hotel room was really nice and very clean and all staff were extremely friendly and i would have not hesitation in recommending it to anyone, the hotel was a short walk to oxford street.	
Feb 23 2009 	clean good sized rooms would return	We arrived in london, after a few days in Paris in a run-down hotel; so when me and my 3 girlfriends arrived, we were relieved. Standard room... 2 double beds/full bath... nice bedding etc. I ate at the cafe one day, and they didnt have what I originally wanted, what I ending up getting was sub-par. But, there are many cafes around the corner... so explore. This is situated on a street with a majorly middle eastern population, so if anyone has a problem with that... dont stay here... I don't, I love it; good looking men, nice cars.. etc - had a good stay - would recommend it - would return - fair price.	
Feb 23 2009 	Good Hotel and Location	HotelStayed at this hotel for the weekend. Our room was a standard room with 2 double beds, not much of a view, but it was clean and comfortable with Tea/Coffee, hairdryer, iron ironing board. Good selection of TV channels. Shower was powerful and warm. Our room was located on the first floor beside the lift, there were no problems with noise. Doorman was very helpful at getting taxis which are readily available at any time. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel because £18.95pp was a bit steep so we ate in Witherspoons for £6 which is just around the corner. Check in and out were smooth and quick. We had lunch in the hotel bar/rrestaurant, lovely food and nice surroundings, quiet and private. Used the pool on one occasions, small but great for a london hotel. Would recommend this hotel for a weekend stay.Getting ThereWe arrived into Gatwick, took the Gatwick Express to Victoria Station and got a taxi to the hotel which cost £9. If there are 4 adults traveling together you can avail of a ‘4 for the price of 2’ offer (check out their website for more info and conditions only available at the Gatwick Express ticket office)SurroundingsThe hotel is walking distance to Marble Arch, Madam Tussauds, Hyde Park, and the many shops on Oxford Street. Close to Hyde Park where the hop on hop off bus tours depart from. We walked home from the Shaftesbury Theatre where we saw Hairspray, it took about an hour which wasn't bad as the place was buzzing with people. Local restaurants are of Middle Eastern flavours, there is also an Itallian restaurant just around the corner (Marble Arch direction), Witherspoons, Costa Coffee, Starbucks, McDonalds all a short walk away. We dined at the Boxwood Cafe (one of Gordon Ramsey's restaurants) in the Berkley hotel on Park Lane (highly recommended for a special treat). We got a taxi there for about £7.	
Feb 6 2009 	Good hotel great service minor issues spot it being perfect	I stayed at the London Marriott Marble Arch on business in February 2009. I have previously stayed at Marriott Hotels on business and always enjoyed great service and facilities. This was the main reason I selected the London Marriott Marble Arch when I was staying in London.The nearest Underground station to the hotel is Marble Arch on the Central Line. Turn right when you come out of the station, then turn second right into Edgware Road. Walk approx 300 yards until you find George Street on your right. Turn down George Street and the hotel is immediately visible. It is 5 minutes walk from the Underground to the hotel.The hotel itself is in a busy part of London - lots of Middle East cafes and restaurants, with a high proportion of the locals also being of Middle Eastern extraction. ThereIt is quite a novelty to walk past the cafes with people outside smoking hookah pipes! There are all the usual shops in the immediate vicitnity - Sainsburys, MacDonalds and an Odeon cinema.The hotel itself is a modern building, which has an well laid out and luxurious reception. It has an adjoining bar where you can get reasonable priced bar meals, and a much more expensive restaurant which I didn't use due to the ridiculous prices - however, when I stayed the restaurant was being refurbished, although they did bar meals and room service.Check-in was fast with no problems - staff were friendly, efficent and VERY helpful and a number of occasions. First class service!The room was clean, with a comfortable bed, and all bathroom fittings worked - plenty of towels and toiletries! TV was adequate, with a good range of channels. I used the pool in the Health Club at the basement of the hotel - this is only a small pool, and more for relaxation rather than swimming. I ate at the bar one evening, and had room service another. Service was excellent and the food good, although expensive.I only had one criticism, and that is about the air conditioning. My room was absolutely freezing - I called maintenance, who agreed that it wasn't working, and they provided a fan heater which barely did the job.A good hotel on the whole.	
Feb 5 2009 	Marriot Marble Arch Hotel	I stayed there with my family from 23 Jan 09 for 8 nights. Everything is perfect - convenient location (10min walk to the tube, 2 in walk to bus stop), extremely polite &amp; helpful staff, we asked for an early check-in, they let us have the room at 9:am, clean &amp; spacious room with 2 double beds, superb b'fast in the resturant; and if you purchased its b'fast package, which costs 30 pounds per day in addition for the 4 of us, you can access the Executive Lounge for free drinks, snacks, fruits throughtout yr stay.The only bad experience was...there was no water supply for 2 mornings and an emergency repair was carried out. We got to go to the health club for shower, quite embarrassing. And I truly hope this was accidental &amp; it doesn't happen regularly.Overall, I enjoyed stayed with this hotel and also my family. I definately will stay there again.	
Jan 26 2009 	Nicest Marriott I've been to	I've stayed in my share of Marriotts, and this was by far the nicest. The room was huge for Europe, and actually had two double beds instead of two twin beds (which was the reason we booked it). Four people were able to stay in our room comfortably. The bathroom was gorgeous, modern, and extremely clean. The staff was super accomodating, always ready with recommendations and directions, and willing to split our bill onto four different credit cards. Not the greatest location in the world, at least for my super touristy purposes, but I still managed to walk pretty much everywhere I needed to go. The hotel is sort of hidden on a side street, which made it difficult to find when I first got off the tube from the airport, but a friendly pub owner came out to give me directions, and then a friendly cab driver offered to drive me the five blocks for free. I loved this hotel. The price we got it for was a bargain.	
Jan 26 2009 	Great service great location - includes a pool!	I have been going and staying in this hotel in London for 10 years. I have seen several upgrades, but will say that this hotel is located in a great area - right off Oxford road and of course the park. Its safe - its actually located right off a middle eastern neighborhood, which is very safe. They don't drink, and people are up all hours smoking hookahs outside. I never felt unsafe walking home. The Paddington Express is within walking distance - I've done it plenty walking with my wheelie bags.The hotel itself is well done. They have a great breakfast, a decent bar, the rooms are all well appointed and decently sized. They will store bags for you if you are returning days or weeks later. They have a gym which for Americans is relatively small - three or four treadmills, stepper and weights. But they also have a pool - which isn't huge, but is definitely swimmable. I have spent many hours doing laps down there.I have stayed in many Marriotts as well as other hotels around London and find this one is the best for being centrally enough located and still accessible to Heathrow or Egham, which is where I worked.	
Jan 12 2009	london weekend break	We stayed at this hotel just last weekend. I booked it after checking this site as i always do. I wasnt disappointed at all. The minute you walk into reception there is such a nice atmosphere with lovely scented candles burning. The staff at this hotel were all so helpful and polite. The staff in the breakfast room couldnt do enough and the breakfast is very good with everything you could think of (including muffins and pastries...) Our breakfast was included in the rate which worked out at good value as the cost is 18 pounds per person which i would have found a bit too expensive.I had asked for a king size room but you can also get 2 double beds which would obviously be a bit more spacious. We had everything we needed and the bathroom was ample. I would recommend this hotel as it is around a 5 minute walk to Oxford Street and the tube. The only piece of advise I would give you about booking a show is to make sure you are paying for what you get. We went to the different stalls and paid 55 pounds per ticket for the Lion King. We made the mistake of not checking the tickets we were given only to discover later that the price marked on the ticket was 22.5 pounds and apparently this is common practice so be vigilent and make sure you dont get ripped off. I would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 14 2008	VERY DISAPOINTED	Hi everyone ! This will be a short review.I never got to go on my trip because of the terrible customer service. I booked 1 week at this hotel (2 rooms 6 guests ) I found a great deal with breakfast included. The details were breakfasts for all guests registered in the 2 rooms. I always call the hotel before I arrive and i was told all is well with my reservation. When I asked about breakfast ,I was told it was for 2 guests only. I read the details to the person on the phone and she checked with a manager. After spending almost 10 minutes paying long distance , I was told they are sticking to their decision to only offer 2 breakfasts. I emailed the guest relations dept and they were very cold. The message I got was , 2 breakfasts only hope to see you soon.How can a major Hotel not honor their own special ? I was so disappointed that I cancelled the trip all together. I only stay at marriott's because I am a points member. I tried other locations but the price was much more expensive.So thats my review. If you have any type of coupon or discount voucher, check with the hotel first.Thanks !	
Dec 1 2008 	Perfect hotel	we have just arrived back having stayed at the hotel for 3 nights. the hotel was perfect ,the staff were polite and always willing to help from the moment you walk in the door. The room was spotless and we had two big double beds . The food was lovely and breakfast was well worth the money. i will definatley stay at ths hotel again when i return to london. The location was perfect as its a five minute walk to hyde park and oxford street.overall we had a fantastic four days in london which was made even better by staying at the marriott	
Dec 1 2008 	Great Experience	We were there for a quick trip in Aug. The room was excellent and the staff even better. Everyone went out of their way to help when I did not have my voucher for Buckingham Palace. It was more than I would usually pay but I would stay there again because of the staff and room quality.	
Nov 24 2008 	Great accomodations	Stayed 6 nights. Room is very large by European standards.Very clean. Front desk and oncierge staff couldn't do enough for you.Rooms were very clean. Breakfast buffet was wonderful. Just an excellent experience.	
Oct 31 2008 	Outstanding	Just outstanding. Service was top notch. Rooms were clean, comfortable and the shower was like standing under Niagra Falls! The service and friendliness was great. My wife and I stayed for 4 nights...what a dream. The indoor pool in the basement was so peaceful and perfect...great after a long day of sight seeing. Just a 2 minute walk to the metro (tube) and just accross the street from Speaker's Corner. What a great place! I can't say enough...	
Oct 4 2008 	a good experience	We had stayed at the Marriott in May (see report above) and had a poor experience. We complained and were offered a reduced price to stay again.This time everything was perfect. We had a very nice room on the first floor, the hotel (as before) was bright and clean and we were made to feel very welcome. The food in the bar was nice and we didn't touch the mini bar this time!!!Breakfast was very good. We thought it very good value for London and would stay again now the problems we had originally have been sorted out.	
Jul 26 2008	Excellent Hotel	We recently stayed at this hotel for four days and found it to be a decent hotel. By London standards, our room was a reasonable size with two double beds. Most of the rooms have been redone with a newer look. The room was clean, and the air-conditioning worked well, especially after returning from some surprisingly warm days. As has been pointed out by previous reviewers, the hotel is located in a predominantly Muslim area. As you make the five minute walk to the beginning of Oxford by the Marble Arch, you will encounter many cafes where the Muslims are enjoying a cigarette, coffee, and/or meal. The concierge desk was very helpful, and the front desk very accommodating. This is a fairly typical Marriott, so you're paying for the experience.	
Jun 22 2008 	The service is above and beyond	I loved this place! I went with friends for a pleasure trip to London the week of 15 June. We stayed at the Marble Arch for 3 nights, went to Paris for 3 nights and returned to the Marble Arch for our last night before departing for home the next day. In every situation, the experience was excellent. The rooms were very clean and spacious, the staff were so polite and courteous. They remembered us upon each arrival and told us they'd miss us and to hurry back when we left on our last day. The Concierge even phoned Paris to confirm a restuaurant reservation for us! There was nothing they wouldn't do to make our stay most enjoyable. I would definitely recommend it and will definitely stay there again.** Also, if you do stay there, get the Concierge to point you in the right direction for a 2 minute walk to a GREAT pub called the Duke of York. Just so British and charming and cute. The loyal patrons in there make you feel right at home and will most likely pop by for a chat and a giggle. The owner, Gareth, is a great guy. And the Cheese Fries are excellent!	
Jun 14 2008 	nice hotel	It was a very nice hotel. If you are Islamaphobic this isn't the right hotel for you, as there are halal restaurants all over the place here (great for Muslims). The channels at the hotel also greatly catered to Middle East guests. Funny enough there didn't seem to be many Muslims staying at the hotel even though the location was perfect for Muslim travelers. The location was good in that there were so many restaurants around and some grocers, so it was very easy to feel at home. Also had a mcdonalds around 5 minutes away, and some supermarkets. It is a bit of a walk from the tube, but honestly, the buses are much cheaper and get closer to most of the attractions than the tube, and are quicker considering the walking while in the tube entrances and whatnot.	
May 12 2008 	Great Hotel	I stayed here with 2 friends for a weekend. The hotel is in a good location, really central to Oxford Street, Marble Arch &amp; Hyde Park - great if your going sightseeing as plenty of bus tours go from Marble Arch. Hotel was lovely. Our room had 2 double beds. Really clean, facilities were great.The staff were extremely friendly and very helpful. The restaurant was really good and the bar food was great for a light bite.I would definately return to this hotel and recommend anyone i know who is going to London to stay here!!	
Apr 28 2008 	Good Hotel	This is a good hotel, the staff are efficient and friendly. The location is a little far from Oxford street but is within walking distance (a little confusing at first but is fine). The food is good and the service is great. I'd stay here again, the rooms are nice and comfortable and it is a decent Marriott hotel.	
Apr 27 2008 	great stay - highly recommend	The reason we chose this hotel is because of the positive reviews we read on tripadvisor.com. This was a completely positive experience - from the polite, helpful staff to the clean room with comfortable beds to the executive lounge. I highly recommend paying the extra money for the executive lounge. It includes breakfast every morning, drinks all day, hor doevres early evening and desserts later in the evening. Plus there is a computer with unlimited access to the internet.The concierge was extremely helpful. One night he secured us 7th row tickets to a great play. He also recommended places to grab a quick sandwich and also an authentic English pub for dinner one night.The surrounding area is primarily middle-eastern. We always felt safe and walked comfortably through this area day and evenings. The tube stop is about a 10 minute walk and we wished it had been closer, but this did not diminish our enjoyment of this hotel and trip to London.Highly recommend. If you travel with children, the executive lounge will be even more useful to you.	
Apr 16 2008 	Great renovations!	I stayed at this hotel for a weekend leisure visit. The whole experience was great!The hotel has been going through some renovations, where are still evident in the lobby area. My room had clearly been renovated recently and was in great shape. The bedroom was large and the bed was so comfortable! Was surprised to find this in the UK! The hotel is a brisk 5-7 minute walk from the Marble Arch tube station/Oxford Street, a pretty great location. Overall - great stay! No complaints!	
Mar 28 2008	Great Marble Arch location	This is a nice business hotel in the Marble Arch hotel. Walking distance to Selfridges, Liberty, and a few other UK department stores. Tube stop very close by. Rooms are big for London standards. The staff was nicer than some of the other hotels I've been in London. The room decor is typical for an American chain. Food is OK. For dinner one night, I'd recommend the Thai restaurant next door. Amazing food.	
Feb 29 2008	Very good experience	My wife and I and two friends stayed for the week-end recentlyWe found the hotel very clean and appealing, the staff were all very friendly. The hotel is not actually at the Marble Arch, thats the Marriott Park Lane but its only a ten minute walk away.The rooms were clean and adequate for the couple of days we stayed. We found a great choice at breakfast all cooked to a good standard. I would not hesitate to book this hotel again, we used Tesco vouchers so found it reasonable priced.	
Feb 19 2008 	Enjoyed our stay!	Spent 5 nights at this great hotel! Very, very clean and comfortable. Room was certainly spacious for the 3 of us. Always clean, always enough towels, etc. The lobby area and concierge wonderful. Everyone was so helpful and nice with advising us about transportation, dining, touring. The buffet breakfast was terrific. We chose to use the bus instead of underground transportation since the bus is right there! Very convenient. Would surely return.	
Feb 9 2008 	Not bad but...	Stayed at Marriott Marble Arch with a couple of buddies.All in all not a bad hotel, nice size rooms with very comfortable beds. We were warned about construction going on at the hotel, but it was barely noticable. (except for a fire alarm at seven in the morning, caused by a construction worker drilling through a water pipe!)There are two reasons I chose to give this hotel three stars instead of four: First, I was told when booking that getting a rollaway bed in the room would be no problem. This ended up being impossible, due to fire regulations. The only solution offered was getting a second room at 400 dollars a night. No thanks!Second, their website says wireless internet in the rooms. True, but at a cost of 30 dollars for 24 hours. My fault for not researching enough, I guess.All in all, a good hotel in a central location, where I would consider staying in the future.	
Jan 18 2008 	Marble Arch--mixed service	We stayed here from 12/29-1/2/08. Our room wasn't ready until 4pm, an hour later than promised. A free soft drink was provided for all of us while we waited. We asked for suggestions for a nearby restaurant (I had recent knee surgery) but we weren't given any assistance excepting suggestions from the visitor book in the hotel. The next day I had to go to the ER and they were VERY accomodating in getting a taxi and knowing the closest hospital. They also, without us asking, but upon viewing me with a cane, located us in a very quiet room just off the elevator, which was truly appreciated. The bell captain was also accomodating in getting cabs, even though that meant running down to the main street to flag one down. Atypically, but due to my knee, we used room service for several meals and found the service quick and the food good, but even though we ordered 4 breakfasts, they never brought enough serving ware, i.e., one knife for 2 orders of breakfast pastries and 2 other breakfasts which included toast!! There were only 2 tea/coffee cups for the 2 adults and 2 teens in our party and more were not forthcoming even though requested. When I got back from the ER at 2pm, the room hadn't been touched, so I called housekeeping, which came at 4:30pm, when the rest of the family returned to prepare to go out for the evening. Perhaps the experienced cleaning staff was off for the New Year?The beds and pillows were truly wonderful--unfortunately, I spent most of the 4 days in bed!	
Dec 28 2007 	Worth a visit	We stayed at the Marriot Marble Arch over 21-23 December 2007. We chose this hotel over a number of others through reading the TripAdvisor reviews and were not let down. The hotel is in good condition and the staff are friendly and helpful. We stayed in a family room (2 double beds) and we weren’t overly crowded. The location of hotel was good for theatreland (we were there to see Mary Poppins) but not necessarily the handiest for access to the tube; we spent a reasonable amount on taxis as a result of this (although there is a good bus service on the adjacent main road). We arrived late on our first day and had a bar meal, again very friendly and helpful staff in the bar, and the food was reasonable. Breakfast in the hotel was good with a great hot and cold buffet. We had mixed views on the rather soft beds – good for resting on but not necessarily providing a great sleep. I would certainly use the hotel again and would have no hesitation in recommending it to other travellers.	
Nov 21 2007	Nothing special. Indifferent throughout	I have a Marriot frequent traveller card and have stayed in their hotels around the world.The hotel lets itself down in the following ways:Check in: there was only one person at the front desk so it took a long time to get attended to: not a good first impression.Room: had not been properly cleaned and the kettle didnt work.There was no fridge to put your own stuff in (the minibar was electronicallly tagged so you cant remove things to make space).Breakfast was good: no conmplaints there.I think my problem with the hoitel is it has no soul. It is just going through the motions with little real engagement with the punter. If you go for the executive rooms you will be looked after but average Joe will feel it is lacking.	
Nov 2 2007 	MARBLE ARCH = PARK LANE BETTER	This hotel I am giving 3 stars to because it was pretty average and typical for a Marriott. For the US traveler going to the UK now the exchange rate is more than $2 per pound, so the rate of 188 pounds/night comes to $400/night. With that said I would have liked a non-smoking room which was in my &quot;guarenteed&quot; request. I did not get that nor could they change my room to a non-smoking room. The bathroom in the room was ultra-small. But on the postive side the rooms were overall were nice, the beds very comfortable and the staff very very friendly. I titled my review Park Lane better because there is the Park Lane Marriott which is right on Hyde Park and next to the Marble Arch Tube stop and next to the actual Marble Arch monument - much more easy to get to and pretty much the same in prices. My big complaint = I am a Marriott Gold Rewards member and was granted access to the concierge lounge. Very nice lounge with they usual ammenities: water, soda, fruit and snacks. However, in the morning when I ate my scrabbled eggs and toast the host came over and asked for my room number (#306 btw) and I asked why. He told there is a 4 pound ($8) per day charge for &quot;food&quot; in the lounge?! What?! If I wanted to eat toast and eggs in the morning I had to pay $8 in the lounge. The front desk &quot;forgot&quot; to give me my letter explaining that upon check in and wouldn't take it off my bill. Regardless, there should be a sign or the host should have come up to me BEFORE I ate to tell me this. I think it is so cheap for them to do this. What is the point of being a reward member and having access to the conceirge lounge if I have to pay for it - isn't that suppose to be one of the rewards?! Anyway watch out for that hidden charges.Cheers!	
Oct 17 2007 	Great hotel and very comfortable beds!!!!	My husband and stayed here fo 2 nights and loved it. Do not be put off by other posters commenting about a dangerous area. It is not! London is a multicultural city so if you want to be surrounded by white, English speaking people stay at home. The staff were lovely and the rooms exceptionally clean. The only thing i could say needs to be improved is the bath towels. Not quite the fluffy ones i would expect from a 4 star hotel but overall everything was great. A 5 min walk to underground and lots of places to eat nearby. There is a little patisserie called Chouette about 2 blocks away that has lovely pastries for breakfast if you are not in the mood for a fry up.	
Jul 14 2007 	Good Value Convenient Central Location	Booked through Priceline for a rate of £62 per night, which turned out to be exceptionally good value for money.Arrived at hotel just after 9am and they had a room available for me which was a great start!!This is a typical Marriott hotel and generally was clean and comfortable. Room was adequealty sized, bathroom also spacious with a good range of toiletries.The hotel is a 10 minute walk to underground stations at Marble Arch or Edgeware road.Only downsides to thr stay was very limited room service menu after 11pm - but there are quite a few late night restaurants and shops around about if you feel hungry. Also, lifts are exceptionally slow!!!Apart from that, well worth the price paid. Would be happy to stay here again.	
Jun 27 2007 	Enjoyed the Marriott at Marble Arch	Marriott did right by us again. We frequently stay at Marriott properties and this one didn't disappoint. We had an extra cot in the room and it was crowded but sufficient for two adults and two teenagers. I do wish it was closer to the underground stop-its about 5 blocks away which is not as close as I'd like, but the area is very safe and we ended up enjoying the walk.	
May 28 2007 	A Safe Bet for Young Families	Okay so it isn't at Marble Arch but this hotel is pretty central and a good choice, especially for families. As for any negative comments about being in an Arab area? Well, this is London - it's multi-cultural and never a problem. It isn't Baghdad!Anyway, back to the hotel. We stayed for two nights with our children aged 9 and 4 and were made very welcome. Our room was a king sized double with a fold-down sofa bed. We would have preferred two queen beds but it was fine. The room was spotless and the service exemplary with nice touches such as balloons for the kids as they waited at check-in.The pool is good but not brilliant. It's a little small with limited changing facilitites but fine.Gripes? Only the fact that we were continually told that we would have to pay for our eldest child's breakfast, despite the fact that our rate stated that we were entitled to free kids' breakfasts for children under 12. Fortunately, I had printed off the rate description (&quot;Escape Family Time&quot; or something like that) but was a little annoyed that I kept having to produce the print out! As compensation, the breakfasts - as noted before - are above average with good choice, quality ingredients and efficient service.As I say, it is fairly central. We walked to Regent's Street in around 30 minutes with the kids but cabs to Covent Garden should cost around £12.The staff are worthy of mention, particularly the concierge and maitre d at breakfast. All in all, not five star but a solid four star choice which is especially good for families.	
May 27 2007 	Very Nice and Convenient Hotel	I found the Marriott Mable Arch to be a modern and very nice hotel. Room size was good as was the condition of the room. Overall nothing truly special but above average quality. The staff was very helpful and attentive.As some earlier reviewers have stated the hotel is not directly at Marble Arch but very convenient still for Marble Arch tube station and also Paddington station for the Heathrow Express, wich is only three or four bus stops away and still within walking distance.	
May 27 2007 	Return to the Marriott Marble Arch	This was my second visit in just over a month and again the staff were fantastic. I can't complain about the location again, as I knew that it wasn't Marble Arch before I went. That apart, I was again made welcome by the staff who must rank as among the best I have encountered. My only moan this time was being offered a refill of coffee at lunch and then being charged the full price for it. All in all though, if you are not worried about being 15 minutes brisk walk from Marble Arch then worth a try.	
May 15 2007 	Brilliant from start to finish!	From the moment I called to make the reservation I was impressed. The receptionist I spoke to was extremely polite, helpful and attentive, asking whether the stay was for a special occasion. In the week before our arrival I was sent an email confirming all elements of the reservation and offered the opportunity to pre-book certain services. On arrival we were helped out of the car with our bags and the car securely parked by a very helpful doorman. Our check-in was smooth and even though we chose for three adults to share a king room, we were pleasantly surprised by the size and amenities on offer. On leaving for the evening the staff arranged for us to have our sofa bed put up ready for us... this was duly done on our return and was pretty comfortable. I am generally not one for booking into hotel 'chains' , preferring independents but this hotel has gone a long way to altering my opinion, particularly the staff. I will definitely go back. Oh and I also forgot to mention that the price was very reasonable for central London, especially if three adults are prepared to share!	
Apr 27 2007 	Nice Hotel but not at Marble Arch	Why is this Hotel named the Marriot at Marble Arch when it is a ten minute walk from Marble Arch and Oxford Stree.I had booked a no smoking room but on checking in at 4.30 pm I was told that there was none left.After some discussion one was found, The room was nice and clean and well appointed. That evening I had the bed turned down and chocolates left on my pillow but not the second night for some reason.The breakfast was nice and the staff were friendly. It is a pity this hotel is described as the Marriott at Marble Arch when they have two hotels closer. The Marriott at Park Lane and the Grosvenor House Hotel	
Apr 22 2007 	Superb Hotel won't disappoint!	From the moment, i stepped into this hotel i had a feeling it was going to be good. The Reception area is beutifully decorated and straight away all the staff were greeting me and helping with any lugguage. The only problem with checking in was when we arrived on time..no room was ready until at least another hour, however we didn't mind as this gave us time to take in a few sites and get to know the fascinating multi-cultural area this hotel is located in! When we eventually checked in the room was comfertable and spotlessly cleaned. The breakfast in this hotel is second to none though WATCH OUT!! we had booked for a family of 4 and only 2 peoples breakfasts were included in that, so we ended up paying just under 40 pounds just for another 2 breakfasts. I believe, however the main attraction to this hotel is its unbelievable location, you are right in the heart of everything, but not directly on a main road. I have been to London about 8 times now and this is by far the best location of a hotel i have stayed in there! This hotel is definatly worth staying in.	
Apr 3 2007 	The Marriott is really nice	A girlfriend and I stayed at the Marble Arch Marriott for 6 nights in mid January. It was a really nice hotel with pretty decent sized rooms (especially for Europe). The staff were great upon check in and helpful with planning activities, getting cabs, etc... The room we had was clean, neat, and visited every day by the hotel staff. We had our beds turned down with fresh fruit and chocolate every night.I am a Marriott Platinum member, so I had access to the lounge for free breakfast and evening snacks. If you are a rewards member, the breakfast is really good, with a nice variety for free food.Internet access is pretty expensive. I think I spent $25 or $30 for 24 hours in room access. You can also buy increments of time (you get a card with a code to use or 15, 30 or 45 minutes) for use of the lobby computers, which turned out to be a pretty good option for just sending an email or two a day.We used Premium Tours while we were there. We went to Bath (a really pretty town) Stone Henge (was closed due to really bad weather when we got there), Leed's Castle, Canterbury, Windsor Castle, and London Bridge with the tour group. The tour guides were really good and the buses were in immaculate condition. Be careful, though, that you sign up for guided trips. Some of their trips are to Scotland, Paris, etc... and they basically send you off on the train on your own...If you are up for that, I am sure it's awesome, but you should verify what you are getting into when you make reservations.We found the tube was easier to navigate than the buses. We tried to use the tube mostly, but did get cabs 3 or 4 times. The cabs really are not bad in price. We flew into Gatwick and purchased our tickets there for the tube. What you do is purchasee a ticket for the Gatwick Express and a ticket for one week on the tube/bus system. The combination of these tickets get you by train to Victoria Station and then the weeklong ticket will get you on the bus and the tube. Then you have to buy another ticket for the ride back from Victoria to the airport. Of course, you may want to take a cab from the airport to your hotel, but it will be very expensive. We took the train to VIctoria Station, then got a cab to the Marble Arch. That cab ride was only 5 pounds - or about 10 dollars. I know it sounds confusing, but it all works out when you get there....there are a lot of people to help out.The hotel is in a perfectly fine neighborhood. It is a middle eastern area, which made it interesting in it's own way. I felt very safe in the hotel at all times. As with any place in the world, just about, when there are two girls alone, you do have to be careful at night. Had I been with a man or a larger group, I would have been completely comfortable outside late into the night. And, the truth is, I probably would have been fine by myself.I would definitely consider staying at the Marble Arch again.Oh, yeah...and the food is just not that great in London. I am a vegetarian and I think I lost weight on vacation...My friend is a meat eater and she might have too. She said the fish and chips were really good everywhere, but other than that...I will say the hotel restaurant had good food...My only advice on the food...beware of Rockets...they are on everything (including pizza) and if you are not used to them, you may not be able to finish your meal.	
Mar 20 2007 	Loved the Marble Arch	This is a great Western-style hotel and would be very comfortable for Americans looking for the comforts of home. We had a great corner room with a nice sitting area overlooking Oxford Street. It is very convenient to the Underground and the Marble Arch tube stop on the Central Line is literally right in front of the hotel (the Park Lane Exit). Comfortable beds and great linens. The staff was wonderful. They where very friendly and eager to help. A great stay!	
Mar 12 2007 	Very Nice Stay	After reading some of the other reviews, I was a little concerned about the neighborhood. What are they talking about?? Maybe a block or 2 on Edgeware is Middle-Eastern. Not at all a problem and convienant for late night pizza and snacks at the local carry-outs. Walk down Cumberland Street to the Marble Arch Tube station to miss the activity on Edgeware. The hotel was very accomadating and the staff was friendly. I stayed there 3 nights with an old high school buddy for an annual guys trip. We had a blast, the location couldn't have been better for the price of the room. I would recommend getting access to the Executive level, we ate breakfast there everyday and had drinks and snacks during the day and evening. Well worth the extra charge. All and all, a great hotel and consistent with Marriotts around the world. This coming from a guy with at least 50 nights a year and over 1mm points on the Rewards plan.	
Feb 16 2007	Central location staff can't do enough for you great!	A good 5 minute walk from marble arch decent gym and pool spotlessly clean large nicely furnished rooms, fabulous breakfast. Staff can't do enough for you well mannered, polite, pleasant stay from having the door opened through check in and meals/bar. Along with any staff you happen to pass on the corridor. A real pleasure to be in such an atmosphere well done Marriott.,	
Jan 13 2007 	A fine hotel	Tucked away from the main road traffic just 3-4 minutes walk from Oxford Street shopping is the Marriott Marble Arch. The hotel is spotlessly clean and recently refurbished in appearence. We stayed 3 nights with business and were offered fantastic facilities at short notice and at a great price.The staff were very efficient and friendly and i'm told they have worked there for sometime unlike the high turnover of most London hotels. The breakfast was excellent though quite expensive, but plentyful and the rooms were clean and extremely comfortable. New bedding gives a luxurious feel. The bar is relaxed and has a great atmosphere and security is tight but not obvious.I have stayed at many Marriott hotels throughout the world but this experience, on my own doorstep, was one of the best.Bob P.	
Dec 15 2006	Nice Place	My wife and I stayed three nights at this smaller Marriott property and were very satisfied overall.The location is the only weak point as it is off the beaten path and a bit of a hike to the Marble Arch Underground station.We used Marriott points, which was a priority for selecting the location. I had requested a room on a higher floor and got an Executive level room on the 12th floor, very nice. For 30GBP we had access to the executive lounge on our floor for breakfast and refreshments throughout the day. A good deal for saving time and most convenient, pleasant, etc.Staff very helpfull. Small pub and restaurant. Very good fish and chips, salads in pub. A bit pricy but convenient and comfortable.We used the Heathrow Express train to/from Paddington station (aprox 12GBP) then a cab for aprox 5GBP. Well worth it. Be clear your hotel is the Marriot on George Street when taking a cab.Other reviews have made mention of the Middle Eastern neighborhood and Islamic language in the hotel. Overrated. Not to worry. Edgeware Road is a busy commercial street with lots of middle eastern businesses and people. So what. If you wish to avoid that, take George Street to North Cumberland St to Marble Arch and you will walk through quiet residential neighborhoods. London traffic has grown exponentially since my last visit six years ago. The average speed is eight mph. Avoid bus/taxi/cars if at all possible.	
Nov 14 2006 	A conference delight	What a delightful experience my stay at the Marriot Marble Arch turned out to be. On arrival, I was escorted from the taxi to the reception where my arrival was handled with courtesy and efficiency.The room was generously proportioned with a massive bed and a selection of pillows which would have put many hotels to shame. The holiday inn offers you a choice of pillows but this hotel puts them in your room. The bathroom was large and there was a good selection of soaps, shampoos and bubble bath. The view from the window was rather depressing (not the hotel’s fault) and absolutely nothing that shutting the curtains didn’t cure. Lighting was good and the desk sufficiently large for me to spread all of my work and still have room to put down a glass.I was staying at the hotel on business and the conference facilities at this place are absolutely excellent. The conference staff were first class and nothing was too much trouble for them. Amazingly, the room was all set up on my arrival and the delegate packs had been laid on the tables with the projector turned on and focussed to go.Breakfast was very filling and well served while the lunch menu was excellent and we sat down in what I can only describe as our own private dining area. The coffee/tea breaks were accompanied by pastries and fruit so that all of the delegates went home happy and contented…..I shall definitely tell my company to book me in again.	
Oct 3 2006 	A Great London Hotel.	Hotel was extremely well presented, with friendly helpful staff.The room was well appointed and quiet (apart from the usual London siren noise].Evening meal in the restaurant was pleasant and the helpful staff fed our 4 year old son with a mixture of dishes. Breakfast is fantastic!	
Sep 3 2006 	US visitors: upgrade to Executive level and enjoy a full breakfast with the roo	We spent 3 nights here in late august. We used AAA to get an executive room with lounge access, which cost 15 pounds more per room (not per person) but was well worth it. Lounge access came with full english breakfast buffet in the restaurant downstairs or continental breakfast in the lounge. Unlimited snacks/sodas/coffees in the lounge all day. Evenings, canapes from 530-730, hot hors d'oeuvres 730-930, dessert 930-1100. If you wanted, you could eat all day on that 15 pounds (we didn't but a person surely could). The comped breakfast alone for a family of 4 cost 60 pounds daily. This was a great bargain and in light of the terrible exchange rate and high costs, it was terrific for us to have a hearty breakfast to start the day. Pool hours are 9-9 for kids, and this is one of the few hotels with pools and air conditioning. The pool is not very big and is shallow - probably not more than 4 feet deep. This is not a pool for lap swimmers.Staff was wonderful - went out of their way for us, concierges are knowledgeable and very helpful about sights. Told us about backpacks for kids at British Museum which is a phenomenal freebie. Dead on with recs on other activities for kids 4 and 8. I would stay here again.I agree with other posters that this area has turned into a mini-middle east. Fresh fruit and produce is available in this area at all hours, and there are several 24 hours stores in the block around the hotel. Be prepared for shopkeepers who do not speak english on Edgeware road. Five minute walk to tube, bus stop is a block from Hotel on Edgeware road. Not inconvenient at all.	
Aug 10 2006 	Not bad but could have been better	Not a great stay at this Marriott. Bad timing, probably more than anything. Got there in later July on the hottest day in a london heatwave. The air conditioning quick working throughout most of the hotel and it took a day to fix. Even after fix our room still did not have air. The Guest relations dept. was very helpful and moved us a few doors down to a room that had air. Unfortunately the bed in that room was in horrible condition and, since the hotel was fully booked we really had not alternative. The rooms are servicable for tourists (small but with all one needs). The staff is the bright spot of the hotel. Guest relations did all they could and the concierge helped us a lot with tourist stuff. Yes, it is in a highly Arab area but that was never a problem, in fact just two blocks away (towards the Marble Arch tube stop) is one of the best Italian restaurants you'll find in London (Biaggi's). Ask the concierge to get you reservations. Just excellent food. All in all, I had hoped for a bit more for the money (nearly US400 per night with all taxes included).	
Jul 28 2006 	Don't Listen to the Complainers!	This was a great hotel. We stayed there for a week. My husband worked every day and I was with my two children, ages 5 and 7. I took them to just about every tourist attraction in London. The concierge was helpful with everything, including running down the street to get my purse, which I had left at a restaurant the night before. It is so easy to get around. The tube is a very easy walk down the street, even with two kids. You can also hop on a bus at the top of the street and that will also take you to anywhere. Just ask the concierge and they'll tell you the bus number. I would recommend getting an Oyster card for tube or bus travel. Children ride for free on tube or bus.It was a very good hotel. So it's in an Arab neighborhood. Big deal. I highly recommend this hotel. But do lock up your valuables in the safe, as my ipod dissapeared.The pool was excellent for the children and the gym was fine. Very friendly staff and helpful. I don't know what some people are talking about re the staff not friendly. You get back what you give out, I suppose.	
Jul 10 2006	nice hotel but in a heavy Arab area	The hotel certainly was nice and the conceriage was very helpful but it is a heavily populated Arab area. All the restaurants surrounding the hotel are Arab and all of the info from the hotel was in English and Arabic. It made me a little uncomfortable being from the US. THe staff was very helpful !	
Jul 7 2006	On the Fringe	Spent two nights at this smaller Marriott property on our first trip to London. Clean and what you'd expect of a Marriott. Smallish rooms. Located on the fringe of a very ethnic neighborhood, it might be an uncomfortable fit for American women. The hotel caters to all tourists, but seems to acknowedge the Middle Eastern influence of its residents. Not the most convenient location and finding a place for an early breakfast, other than the hotel,was a problem. Nice pub within an easy walk.	
Apr 25 2006 	Not bad but there are better options	I am writing this from the Marriott Marble Arch. I have a first floor room with a horrible view of a 12 story apartment complex. The room itself is typical for London - small but clean. As one previous reviewer wrote, the bed has no topsheet only a light comforter - strange but not a huge problem. The lobby is nice as is the one restaurant. Both are small. Everything about the hotel is small - lobby, restaurant, gym, pool. This a decent hotel for a short business trip. Not one to take the family.I would agree with the majority that the Arab business neighborhood is safe but I would add that it is not very attractive. I have no interest in eating at one of the restaurants - not that adventurous I guess. The nearest tube stop is Marble Arch which is just a few blocks away - a nice walk unless you have a lot of bags. The Marble Arch tube stop also happens to be directly next to the Marriott Park Lane. If the price is right, I would definitly stay at the Park Lane next time. One final note - I took the Heathrow Express to Padding station and then a taxi from there. That's the way to go. The Heathrow Express is great! But the taxi driver brought me to the Marriott Park Lane by mistake. The Concerierge at the Park Lane helped me get another taxi and said that the taxi drivers make that mistake all the time. Be sure to tell the taxi driver that you are staying at the Marriott Marble Arch on George St.	
Apr 15 2006	Fantastic Hotel Good Location	We stayed in the London Marriott Marble Arch for 3 nights and rated this hotel very highly. It was only a 5 min walk to the marble arch underground station/oxford street so was very conveneient.The staff at the Hotel were very curtious, friendly and helpful. The Restaurant was adequate and the Pool was a big help for the kids (5 and 7).The room was a nice size on the 9th floor with 2 x double beds. The only down point was the fact we had to upgrade to the Executive Floor in order to guarantee a Non-Smoking room. The Plus side of this was that it meant full access to the Executive Lounge for free (non-alcoholic) drinks and snacks and also had breakfast in there.	
Mar 27 2006	Good hotel - inconvenient location	This hotel was comfortable. Nice lobby, well furnished and in good condition. Attractive bar area and casual restaurant. Our room on the 5th floor had newly decorated hallways, however the room itself was in need of refurbishment. Nothing major, just a smartening up - new wallpaper, painting of skirting boards/door frames. Furniture was in good condition and the beds and bedding were very comfortable. Bathroom was fine if a little worn in parts.Worth mentioning was the service and staff - excellent. Extrememly friendly service from the female receptionist checking us in. Great service in the restaurant for breakfast. Top marks for service overall.What lets this hotel down is the inconvenient location. It took us ages to get anywhere. Marble Arch tube station was quite a walk away along a grotty street (Edgware Road). I don't think you get the right impression of London by staying at this hotel and dearly wished I'd paid the extra £27 per room per night to stay at the 5* Marriott County Hall.	
Mar 14 2006	Typical Marriott	The London Marriott Marble Arch is a typical (in a good sense) Marriott. When I made my reservation on-line I wasn't guaranteed a non-smoking double. A follow-up e-mail to the guest relations manager at the hotel secured the room that I wanted.The only complaint was with the size of the bathroom. It's very small, and the tub is unusually narrow. The hotel is located a couple of blocks north of the Marble Arch on George Street, just off of Edgware Road. There's a bus stop for the #15 bus about a block away from the hotel on Edgware Road that will take you through Oxford Circus, Picadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square and onto the Tower of London. It's a good economical way to get back and forth to the sights. On a nice day, Buckingham Palace is a very pleasant 20 - 25 minute walk away from the hotel and past Hyde Park.This hotel has a lot of staff. There were several concierges and they were very helpful in securing transportation, theater tickets and restaurant recommendations/reservations. We ate a light meal in the bar. The food was Marriott quality (good) with an English twist although the prices were a little high, even by London standards. The main restaurant had a typical hotel menu, but also had a number of middle eastern dishes. The Internet access was pricy - 15 pounds, about $30.	
Dec 16 2005 	Nice hotel good location too!	This is my third time at this hotel in the past 6 months and I have been pleased on each occasion. The hotel is located near Marble Arch, Oxford Street, Hyde Park and several tube stations are within easy reach (Marble Arch &amp; Edgeware Road). The area is fine and I've always felt safe walking to / from the hotel.My most recent stay was for 2 nights. The girl who checked me in (a trainee) was very friendly and made me feel welcome. My room was nice, with two double beds, and was very spacious. A nice touch were the chocolates on the pillow. Complimentary water would have been nice - given it's 4* rating, but overall I had a lovely stay and would definately reccommend the Marriott Marble Arch.	
Oct 6 2005	A Hidden Jewel	We stayed at the London Marriott Hotel Marble Arch using Marriott Rewards Points (only a Silver member too!) so we were surprised when we were given the top Executive Floor room (which included access to the Executive Lounge with free drinks and breakfast). They also provided us with champagne and strawberries when we told them that it was for our honeymoon! The staffs were very kind and the front desk representative even waived the parking fee for us.The hotel in itself was in a great location – within a couple minutes walk to Hyde Park and the Tube. Even though people mentioned that it was in a Arab neighborhood, we still felt safe walking around at night. People attending conferences and even airline crew members stayed at the hotel.	
Sep 15 2005	Beware of the area	We stayed at the Marble Arch Marriott in Sept. 2005. Before you book your stay beware that the hotel is located in a highly Arab neighborhood. While we did not feel unsafe walking through the area, this is not the most comforting location for an American oversees.We did not find restaurants in the immediate area that we wanted to eat at, so it was quite a walk or took a cab ride to go to dinner.It is also important to note that this is NOT the Marriott directly across from the Marble Arch, but one several blocks away from the Marble Arch.The room was nice and clean.The concierge was not helpful in choosing restaurants or areas to eat in, we were pretty much on our own.We stayed in this hotel on Marriott points and overall were disappointed in the number of points it took to stay in this substandard location.	
Jul 12 2005	Marriott Marble Arch only okay	We stayed at the hotel using Marriott points and it was the only Marriott in London accepting points. The hotel is close to bus and subway and one can walk to Hyde Park and shopping. The main street near it is noisy and busy, but a couple blocks away, one feels one is in a cute London neighborhood.Concierge was very helpful. If you can get breakfast included in your room, then do so, otherwise, go elsewhere for breakfast as it's very expensive in the hotel. Additionally, hotel charges about $25 for 24 hours of high speed internet (go to Starbucks a couple blocks away). Also, there is a per minute charge for phone calls of about $1.75 per minute,even for local calls. There are pay phones about a block away. I've never been in a hotel with a per minute charge. Rooms were okay, although not much drawer space. Beds did not have a top sheet, but had a light comforter which meant if it was at all hot, that was too hot.	
Jul 5 2005	Enjoyed our stay	Our family of 4 (parents and two teenagers) stayed for a week and enjoyed this hotel. The staff was friendly and accomodating. Our platinum status allowed access to the executive lounge which made our stay more enjoyable, and also provided breakfast every morning. An internet cafe (minimum is 1 pound for 60 minutes) is a one minute walk. A local pub, Wargrave Arms(say hello to Gary the owner) is a 3 minute walk. Seashells restaurant is a 10 minute walk. Some forum writers didn't like Edgeware Street, but we found it lively and there were always plenty of people on the street so safety was never a concern. IF that tends to bother someone, they are free to travel via parallel Cumberland street to the tube station and avoid busy/lively Edgeware. You can purchase hop on/off tours at the concierge desk and bill directly to your hotel bill. Rooms were always cleaned mid-day and the fruit/mint was delivered every night. We would stay here again. One of the few London hotels that will allow Marriott points to be used with 4 in a room.	
Jun 28 2005	Convenient Location; Great Staff; Small Hotel; A fine experience!	My family of four completed a nine day stay here, which resulted from a redemption of points under the Marriott Rewards program, and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Check-in was handled promptly, and I was provided an upgraded room and access to the Concierge Lounge, in recognition of my Platinum status at Marriott. Our bags were efficiently transported to our room by the bell captain.Our room was nicely appointed with two double beds, which accomodated my daughters, wife and I. In addition to nightly turndown service, a staff member delivered a fresh fruit plate and mints. The room was serviced daily by housekeeping, who provided extra toiletries and towels without any special request. Hotel was Very Quiet!Access to the Coincierge Lounge provided us with complimentary daily breakfast buffet. This consisted of scrambled eggs, muffins, croissants, toast, orange juice, smoked salmon, sliced baked ham, sliced cheeses, cereal, sliced fresh fruit, among others. Josephine, the concierge, efficiently handled the breakfast traffic, personally greeting guests and offering her services, while replenishing the buffet; she was a joy, as she took personal interest in us. Of note is a coffee machine that individually brews espresso, and other hot beverages; if you appreciate good coffee or expresso.... Each weekday evening, the concierge lounge offered varying complimentary hors d'oevres (hot and cold), mixed nuts, and cold beverages {alcohol is available at your cost}. Self service cold beverage were available throughout the day until midnight.The mgt staff hosted a weekly cocktail party for concierge level guests, which was wonderful. We were provided a # of insights on tourist activities and recommendations of nearby pubs, an invaluable service. Hor d'oevres and wine were served. Staff interest in our satisfaction was GENUINE.The Customer Service Manager, Matthew, took a personal interest in us and spent considerable time making our stay pleasurable, including a note extending his best wishes for our trip home.Hotel is located adjacent to an Arab business district, but nothing unusual about that fact by virtue of cosmopolitan London. Public bus service is available appoximately 300 ft from hotel entrance; nearest Tube station (Marble Arch) is 3 walkable blocks; Paddington Station is five minute bus ride. We NEVER questioned our personal safety in the area; the surrounding area is 6 story residential neighborhoods replete with antique stores, markets, schools, etc.Can't comment on the restaurant food as we had other commitments; did enjoy the cocktail lounge, where the cosmopolitan staff was attentive and friendly -- a good, quiet place for a nightcap as the elevator is a few steps away.Our experience was delightful and we would (including my 20 yr old daughters) again. if you have the change to reserve a Concierge Level room, the perquisites are worth it. Hope you enjoy your stay as much as we did!	
Jun 12 2005 	Very upsetting experience	Everything was wrong with this hotel from the beginning. I stayed in the hotel for two weeks for a business trip. The reception staff were rude and ignored any request I would give them. My room was left unlocked twice and the cleaning staff were nowhere to be found. The gym attendant was giving an inappropriate personal lesson to his girlfriend on the floor in the middle of the small gym for an hour and touching her in places that made all the guests blush. The food was dissapointing to say the absolutely least. I repeatedly asked if the cleaners could clean my room before I came home from work each day. The first receptionist said no because empty rooms are given the priority cleaning. The other three said &quot;no problem... I will make a note&quot;, but every day I came home to a cleaner in my room, or an unlocked room. Very inconvenient when you just want to come in, get changed and go to a business dinner. The lift was broken for the entire two weeks and I would have to wait an average of 10 minutes in the morning to get downstairs. The room was nice apart from my bed which was sunken in on one side, it was clean.	
May 23 2005 	awful overpriced food	I wasn't very impressed with the Marriott Marble Arch at all and would not recommend anyone stay there.The room itself was adequate and clean, if a little on the small side and the staff on the whole were friendly and courteous, apart from the concierge who demanded that I present ID one evening before letting me back in my room when I had mistakenly locked myself out whilst putting my roomservice tray outside. I was barefoot, in my pyjamas, and quite clearly did not have ID on me - it being locked in my room. He was rude and condescending - a real &quot;Jobs Worth&quot;.On the subject of food... I wouldn't recommend eating here. I did so 3 times in my fortnight stay but then after that, the thought of eating more overpriced mediocre food depressed me so much that I was forced to eat out at some of the local Lebanese-owned establishments. Again, something of a mistake as the food was poor... and, being a female alone, I found the atmosphere on the Edgware Road intimidating, particularly at night. By the end of my two weeks I had resorted to eating raw carrot obtained from the local supermarket.The toilets in the lobby were often dirty and untidy and the lift to the gym and pool was not working for the duaration of my stay, meaning that I had to walk outside of the hotel and then down through the dank and desolate car park in order to reach the leisure facilities. This is not ideal at 6 in the morning. I also had to endure 2 cold showers as the boiler apparently packed up 2 days running.The only upside was that it was a relatively short walk to the nearest tube station and to the shops on Oxford Street... needless to say, I cheered myself up and spent some of the money I'd saved not eating at the hotel with some good old fashioned retail therapy	
Apr 26 2005	Just what you'd expect	I was a big fan of this hotel... stayed almost 2 weeks for a business trip. If you have reservations about being in an Arab-dominated area this hotel is not for you. Even the hotel menu/brochures are double-printed in Arabic.That being said, I thought this was a great area. Marble Arch/Edgemare Rd. is an excellent example of how international London is - and there are many GREAT middle eastern restaurants there. The hotel is also a 5 minute walk from Oxford St./Hyde Park.Amenities are what you'd expect from a standard Marriott - good room service, clean hotel but no frills that some of the more fancy London Marriotts (Chancery Court, Park Lane) have.	
Mar 18 2005	relaxing away from the hustle and bustle of the city	We booked a weekend away for my husbands birthday, and wanted somewhere near the centre of the city, but not too noisy. We definitely chose right. The hotel was about 5 minutes walk from Marble Arch (this was only a problem when it rained). From the outside it is not that impressive at all, but once inside the surroundings were comfortable and inviting. The staff were very friendly, the room was lovely. We were supposed to have a room with a double bed, but it was more like a super king. There was a small sofa and coffee table to relax. The bathroom was immaculate. They even left a pear and a knife for you, unexpected! Word of warning for those of you who are nosy, do not pick anything up out of the mini bar unless you intend to have it. Due to my husband fiddling, three items were charged to our account, (including a packet of condoms), none of which we had used or drunk. Much to the amusement of the reception staff, we were not charged for these. (Luckily we found it funny too). The food in the bar was excellent, but watch those drinks, they soon mount up! Breakfast was included in our stay, and was more than enough choice. Overall it was an excellent weekend, but I would have liked it to have been slightly closer to the tube station, especially when we were carrying our luggage	
Mar 7 2005	This Area is Safe	I just wanted to address some of the points raised below regarding the area around Marble Arch. It is true to say that Edgware Road (on one side of the hotel) is a centre for Lebanese restaurants but it is not true to give the impression that it is some sort of sinister area full of threatening Arabs. Some of these restaurants are top of the range and the area is lively and perfectly safe for both male and female visitors. It is no more dangerous than Chinatown!!! You would only think it so if you were unused to seeing Lebanese or Middle Eastern restaurants in a concentrated area or if you found such restaurants somehow inherently threatening. Please, don't worry and do take the opportunity to eat at one of them. The cuisine is superb and you will be welcomed by very friendly people and offered course after course of delicious food. It would be so sad to miss dining here and there is no reason to fear the area.	
Mar 2 2005	Excellent comfortable friendly - Great Value!	I have never stayed in the Marble Arch area. When I go back to London, I will be staying there again at this hotel! This area is rich in Middle Eastern culture - and the food is fantastic and healthy! The Green Valley store is one block from this hotel and they have terrific pastry and food. This hotel is not far at all from an underground station and is absolutely in great shape inside. I was very very impressed. The only negative (and this might be characteristic of European hotels!) is that the minute you touch something in the mini-bar in your room, the sensors pick up movement and charge your room for that product. I had almost 55 pounds worth of material waived because of this - and they looked at us like we had seven heads. In other words, they had a hard time seeing why we would touch it anyway - meaning, they couldn't see the difference between admiring with potential intent to consume and consumption itself. I asked the desk representative - &quot;how do you shop? you like to look at things before you decide to get it after all, right?&quot; He looked at me and waived the charges. I had a terrific time (this was my fourth time in London) and I highly recommend this hotel. Please, please ignore the ignorant views of some of the posted comments. I found this area of London warm, safe even at 2AM! Everything you can possibly want is right here! Access to safe ATMs/cash dispensers, plentiful grocery shops, all different kinds of restaurants including American-menu, and transportation accessibility. I was truly impressed!	
Jan 23 2005	Fantastic	I would definately book ths hotel again the service and staff were fantastic, just a short walk away from great shopping in oxford street and very close to all major tourist attractions. I would totally recommend a room on a high floor as the view we had was fantastic. The rooms were very clean and decor was lovely, very comforable &amp; pleasureable stay. Well done to all staff involved in our stay. My girlfirend had a tremendous birthday. Thank you!!!!	
Aug 16 2004	OK	Its a nice place. A bit far from the nearest tube station. But its nice. Try the slots parlor down the block. Paid off every day when I stopped by.	
Aug 2 2004	Great hotel  great food close to shops bad surrounding area	I stayed at this hotel for one day, as I urgently felt like leaving again the moment we arrived....to my disadvantage. The room service was fast and the food delicious. The hotel is clean and in good shape, though our bed was a bit worn out. The decoration isn´t very 4 star, but it´s allright.The most annoying about this hotel is it´s surrounding. It´s a completely arab-dominated area, so there´s no diversity in food and as a woman you could feel slightly intimidated by a men-dominated area. I hardly ever saw a woman on the street in the evenings...I recommend it for short-stay as weekend rates are allright ( the staff isn´t...) and as food is excellent.	
Jul 16 2004	Very nice indeed!	We stayed at the Marriott Marble Arch in July 2004 and had a brilliant time. Initially we were planning to stay at the (more expensive) Marriott Park Lane, but when we booked, the only rates available were quite extortionate, which is why we chose the Marriott Marble Arch instead. I'm really glad we did too!From outside, the hotel looks big and impersonal, but inside it's lovely. It has recently been refurbished and has been well looked after. We had an executive room on the 10th floor. Compared with other London hotels, the room was positively big - there was a king size bed, three-seater sofa, large coffee table, tub chair, desk &amp; chair, and still plenty of room to move around in. The room was bright even on a cloudy day, due to the huge windows along one wall, and the bed was very comfortable. Thick curtains provided total blackout and double glazing meant we were not disturbed at all, day or night. The bathroom was small, but the bath was a decent size. All staff were very friendly and the breakfast was top quality - they even fry your eggs on the spot to your exact specification! The executive lounge was OK, but the selection of snacks and drinks was poor, so we spent most of our time in the hotel bar. The hotel is a leisurly 10 minute walk from the top of Oxford Street (Hyde Park/Marble Arch end) and the nearest tube station (Marble Arch on the Central Line). It's a pleasant walk, with lots of shops, cafes and eating places along the way, and there are 2 banks (HSBC and NatWest) nearby. If you don't fancy walking, you can catch a bus practically from outside the hotel and we also saw plenty of taxis.It's true that the hotel is situated in the heart of London's &quot;arab-land&quot;, in fact several of the guests were arabs. Obviously if it bothers you to see shop signs written in arabic, you may not enjoy staying in this area, but it's perfectly safe (I know this for a fact because I used to work nearby a couple of years ago, and we always went out to local restaurants and cafes after work). If anything, that area's safer than most other areas in London as it's always busy until late. My husband and I walked back from Hyde Park at 11:30 at night and felt perfectly safe.All in all, a friendly and comfortable hotel which offers a high standard for moderate rates (for that part of London). Not as plush as the Park Lane hotels, but highly recommended to anyone who doesn't mind paying less for the &quot;misfortune&quot; of having to walk an extra 10 minutes to get to their hotel.	
Jun 22 2004	Good hotel but won't go back...		
May 22 2004	great time		
Jan 5 2004	Liked the hotel but not the neighborhood		
Dec 12 2003	Very nice boutique type hotel		
Oct 17 2003	Nice hotel strange location		
Jun 25 2003	Interesting part of town		
Jun 12 2003	Prett good hotel		
Mar 12 2003	Great deal through Priceline		
Feb 11 2003	Very Pleased With This Hotel		
Dec 7 2002	Great staff made our stay special		
Nov 17 2009 	Marble Arch		
Sep 5 2009 	?????????????		
Apr 28 2009 	Ottimo		
Apr 13 2009 	parfait		
Feb 10 2009 	Marriot hotel nuovo e pulito		
Nov 20 2007 	Calidad correcta		
Nov 6 2007 	hotel da consigliare		
Nov 14 2006 	Abbiamo risocntrato quello che ci aspettavamo		
