	perfect hotel for easy reach of tubes!	helpful service from all staff, clean hotel and restaurant, breakfast was great with lots to choose from e.g. frest fruit salad, cereals, toast and croissants. Rooms are a good size with a nice shower room and easy to use heating, linen was changed every day and rooms were spotless.we found warren street tube was the best to commute to and from city centre, and to get to the main attractions, and the hotel offers lots of leaflets and a computer to see what's happening in London.	
	so-so small but convenient	Firstly, read what the other people have posted - the rooms are VERY small. VERY VERY small. to the point, while one of us was unpacking their stuff, the other had to lie on the bed. now, the good points, it is a shockingly convenient location. within 5 min walk of Euston and Kings Cross, 30 seconds from two tube stations, covering the 4 main tube lines you will need while on a city-break, and, thanks to a bit of internet google-fu, you can shop arround and get a good deal. oh, and the free luggage room (not charged for, as some others said) means your final day is a little less hectic. The Bathrooms are very nice too, and everything is spotlessly clean!however, the negatives.Firstly, the continental breakfast is VERY basic, much more basic than 90% of travellers will be used to. also the dining room is very very small, meaning you can have to wait for a table to eat at. secondly, as I said above, the rooms a titchy. they have used to available space very well, but its still not really workable for anything more than one or two nights. the &quot;minimalist&quot; decorating in the rooms is more &quot;clinical&quot; too. and not much wardrobe space - we had to stack our suitcases in the corner of the room over the radiator, which made the room look even more crampedIn all, you can probably get better if you shop arround, as you are simply paying for a convenient location. We have had better for less money in the past in London.	
Nov 25 2009 	Euston we have no problem	Stayed in a single room at the Euston Square Hotel and got a clean, renovated room at a very reasonable rate in a good location. The room and bed were both very small, but as expected by European standards. The shower had good water pressure and plenty of hot water. The room was cleaned and fresh towels and sheets provided daily. Breakfast was included, and again, was a typical European hotel breakfast, quite enough sustenance to last until lunchtime. The walls are indeed thin so if you are sensitive to noise you might want to bring ear plugs. Several markets/drug stores are in the area. I have no major complaints at all and highly recommend this hotel for the budget-conscious traveler.	
Nov 9 2009 	Expected more	Booked the hotel trough hotwire, which means you dont know in advance which htl exactly you book. public areas are quite ok. rooms are very poor. terrible lighting, cold, tiny, did not really feel clean. Definately a very basic 3 star if not 2 star.	
Oct 28 2009 	worst hotel of the trip!	We spent a nightmare night at this hotel. When we checked in, the desk clerk asked us if we would like a &quot;quiet&quot; room. I shudder to think what a noisy room is like at this hotel, if we were given a quiet one! We were given a room on the second floor facing the side street. All night long, sirens from ambulances and police cars woke us repeatedly. The light from the street glared in the window, as there are no drapes to deaden sound or block the light. Voices at street level also woke us. The room itself was so tiny, we could barely move around. The bed was up against the wall and was not comfortable. The bathroom was the size of a closet. We had to check out early and they reluctantly let us have a bowl of cold cereal and instant coffee. a bad mark on an otherwise great trip.	
Oct 27 2009 	Toilets for small people?	The room I got when I made my reservation was nr 412 and it was more like a wardrobe than a hotel room. I tried to use the toilet, but the space between the toilet seat and the wall right opposite was too small. I'm a normal size Finnish man (1,87 meter) but the toilet is obviously designed for midgets. I was given the opportunity to upgrade my room for an extra prize. The room is for disabled people and is spacious, the only thing that bothers here is the lack of sound isolation (thin walls, singular windows, first floor) - but I can live with this. I have asked for a compensation for upgrading my room, because I couldn't use the room this hotel offered me. I had booked the nights between the 26th and 30th of October so the extra fee made 40 pounds. I wrote in the morning an email directed to the Manager of the hotel about this. It's evening now and I'm waiting for an answer.	
Oct 16 2009 	great value great location	We stayed one night for a business trip and are so pleased we found the Euston Square! Clean, comfortable and great staff - very helpful throughout from the reception desk to the bar - special thanks to Mohamed! Our room was small but had everything we needed and the bathroom was more than adequate. We asked on booking for a quiet room and got one - no problem with noise despite the hotel's proximity to Euston Road. The buffet breakfast was good with a reasonable choice. A big advantage is the hotel's location - 5 minutes walk from Euston Station and next to the entrance to Euston Square tube station - and only 2 blocks from Drummond Street with a truly fantastic selection of real ale pubs, curry houses and a range of other local restaurants, all of which combine to make it feel more like a village than central London. We will definitely be back and have already recommended the hotel to a number of friends and business colleagues!	
Oct 1 2009 	ideal location lovely clean compact room very friendly	great location. staff very friendly. great breakfast. and amazingly quiet considering its in london	
Oct 1 2009 	Superficially OK don't look to closely	Wants to be a 'boutique' but lacking so much! Had to wait for a while at check in as only receptionist was on a call. Small elevator, got to room - key didn't work - and room was opposite elevator; literally 2 steps! Asked for different room, was told it was in a quiet area - not! There must be larger jail cells than the rooms - nowhere to put suitcases, no chair, kettle didn't work, wi fi only works in public area - although free. Bathroom was claustrophobic, especially the shower. Only assets, close to my arrival/departure stations and it was clean. In fact, the cleaner almost killed me by spraying disinfectant into my coffee as she cleaned the table where I was working in the lounge!!	
Sep 22 2009 	Small rooms but excellent location	Small rooms with tiny shower room - nicely decorated and clean though. Breakfast buffet was fine and staff were helpful. Other guests (mainly young foreign tourists) were a bit noisy on the Saturday night but otherwise not too bad noise-wise considering the hotel's proximity to the very busy Euston road. Best thing is its location - 10 seconds from Euston Square tube stop and 5 mins walk to Euston main station.	
Sep 13 2009 	smart and small	The room was small, but clean, minimalist, and nice. The bathroom was good, bed was comfy, and there was a good buffet breakfast.	
Sep 3 2009 	Modern clean hotel excellent position	Requested a quieter room as suggested on previous reviews. Room was at side of hotel and noise levels were acceptable. The room was small but adequate for a short stay. Everything was very clean and modern. The bathroom was also small but well designed and had an excellent shower. We were there over the BH weekend and breakfast was very busy, extra staff might have helped to clear tables more quickly. The hotel is very well positioned getting around and we would stay there again.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great location with some buts!!	The hotel is in a great location, being only 3a 30 second walk from Euston Square underground and only 5 mins from Euston station. The room was fine , it was clean and modern with a decent bathroom. It was not the biggest room in the world but it was adequately sized.BUT1. At 5pm just after we got int oour room, my husband was in the shower and I was in the room getting changed when someone tried to come into the room!! I don't know who it was but needless to say I slammed the door shut as fast as I could.2. There was not enough cutlery or crockery at breakfast time - there were no cups, plates, knives or spoons and when I asked the waiter for a cup, he just said 'no'. Eventually more crockery and cutlery was bought out.The food at breakfast was actually quite nice - we had continental breakfast but we saw other people with a fried breakfast. Overall though, due to its location we would probably consider staying here again. A word of advice though - lock your room as soon as you enter in case anyone tries to come in!!	
Aug 15 2009 	adequate for a night	Very bland bare tiny room. It was clean and the shower was good. But the television was at an unwatchable angle to the bed which meant we had to rearrange the furniture to watch it. They knew it was like that and had done nothing about it.	
Aug 13 2009 	value for money	very small room. dirty, dirty carpet in the room.Room cleaned daily.	
Jul 5 2009 	Very good hotel !	Small, but very clean room, with airco, koffie and tea to make, nice tv and small but nice showerroom. Breakfast was excellent, with a big bowl of fresh fruitsalad. With the euston square underground just around the corner and the euston underground only 200 m walk distance. Very good price/quality.	
Jul 4 2009 	Great City Hotel	I was a bit apprehensive on arrival at the hotel after reading reviews on this site but I really needn't have been.Location wise you really cannot get any better than this hotel. We arrived into Euston station and the hotel was literally 5 mins round the corner. Outside the hotel restaurant is Euston Sq station and a 2 min walk away is Warren St station - great if you plan on doing alot of sight seeing.Our check in was smooth and uncomplicated. The concierge was both friendly and polite and we were checked in within 5 mins. The lobby is clean, bright and very modern. A great indication to what the rest of the hotel is like. However the price of drinks at the bar is ridiculous.....avoid!Our room was a little on the small side but then again it did have 2 beds, a tv and wardrobe in it. It was very clean and bright. The bathroom again was perfectly adequate and clean, aside from the problem with the hot water on our last day.I think that this is a great hotel for people who are looking for comfort on a budget, a place situated centrally and really just a place to sleep and store your things while you sightsee.	
Jun 4 2009 	not bad but not great	This hotel has a shabby feel about it - but perhaps that is because of the standard of the public spaces, entrance and corridors But the room I had was fine - good size (twice the size of some rooms I have paid double for in London), it was clean, warm, and appointed to a good standard. Only problem for me was no chair - as here on business and needed to use laptop - needed a desk and a proper chair , rather than just a stool. So my conclusion is that it is an okay hotel - would use again if pushed - mostly on grounds it is in greater location next to Euston.	
May 29 2009 	Not the room we booked	We were told at time of booking that the room was a little larger than most London Hotels, with a sofa on one side of room, however those rooms were sold out on arriving in for 4 days, bathroom that tiny you could honestly sit on toilet and vomit in sink at same time, shower was unreal, standing upright room only, open shower door to wash back or lower extremities, step down from shower dangerous, my husband fell badly as a result. Room a big disappointment.Otherwise very clean, nice continental breakfast, Very close to the Underground, bus network, and walking distance to St Pancreas Station.	
May 29 2009 	Great hotel!!	After reading a few bad reviews of the hotel i thought i would tell you about my stay we stayed in a twin room on the 4th floor the room was big enough for 2 people and very modern and up to date and the bathroom was lovely i could have stayed in the shower allday. The room was clean and we got fresh towels everyday the staff were all polite and friendly.And the continental breakfast was nice and there was a good selection of food for eveyone. The hotel is beside euston tube station so very handy for traveling anywhere and the zoo and madame tussauds are in walking distance. The bar is normal price you would pay for drinks in london. And yes we could hear a little noise at night but i have heard noise at most hotels i have stayed at so that just normal.	
May 27 2009 	small but clean 	The room was incredibly small and the bathroom was even smaller, Grey walls and black paintwork did not help this either. The kettle had to be put on the floor to boil as there was no were else accesible.Having said all this the room was clean and tidy and I felt safe as a woman travelling alone.The food in the restautant was adequate and the pricing of the food and drinks - coffee etc was reasonable.The staff were very helpful at all timesTherefore you could argue that the hotel provided a basic clean room at a reasonable price in central Londom	
Mar 3 2009 	Dreadful hotel-please do not stay here!!	What a dreadful hotel - please do NOT stay here. The rooms could not be locked due to a problem with the locking system. The rooms were cramped with no room to even move round the bed. I had no tea and coffee making facilities of towels on arrival! The bed linen was dirty and had a huge cigarette burn in it. The carpet was disgusting - very unclean. he reception staff were extremely unhelpful. DO NOT stay at this appalling hotel.	
Jan 22 2009 	London Excursion	I stayed in the hotel twice over a 3 week period exploring some of the UK. The first time was for 4 nights, I stayed with a friend we had two twin beds. It was a little tight and we had to make sure we were tidy otherwise it was have been a war zone. I felt there was enough space when arranging suitcases and things appropriately. The only complaint I had about the room was the shower stall was rather small. The bathroom size was overall nice, but just the shower.The second time was for 2 nights, I stayed I was by myself with a double bed. It was a different layout than the first. It was nice, but the shower stall was rather small again, but definitely doable. Storage was more limited, but fine for a single person with way too much luggage. (I was on the last legs of my trip and gathered quite a few souvenirs.) The hotel staff were excellent. Late at night a few times I wanted something to drink (Coke) and they opened the restaurant to let me buy one. Between the two times I stayed I needed to store some luggage, for a reasonable fee I was able to store one of my suitcases. I am an internet junky and it was great to have the wireless. I had no problems with it.Breakfast was good. Though unusual for me at first, I quickly adjusted. They weren't just offer one or two things, they offered an array of things.The location of the hotel was perfect. Euston Square was just a few steps away along with another few main lines on the underground. Very good restaurants nearby.I am planning on again to London again and am thinking of booking with them again.	
Jan 2 2009 	Too small to move	Our room was so tiny that there was no place to store our luggage at all. We needed to put it in front of the door at night, and on the bed during the day. There was barely enough room for the 2 of us to pass each other moving around the bed. The bathroom was extremely tiny -- the sink was in your lap when you sat on the toilet, and you couldn't even turn around in the shower......We also had trouble on check-in. We had booked and paid for the hotel on-line, but they claimed we had not paid, and would have to pay them when we checked in. Luckily, I had all my paperwork from the web site, and could prove I had paid, but it was quite an argument, an took quite a while to check in.However, the location was extremely convenient to both the train station and subway station, so that part of it was nice.	
Dec 18 2008 	Lovely hotel if you get it at the right price	Managed to get this hotel at way under the price quoted on their website for a weekend stay for two couples.Good location close to Euston tube station.Hotel is within walking distance of Madame Tussaurds and Regents Park.Rooms were compact but very clean and hotel staff were very friendly, especially bar staff who were kind enough to serve until we had had enough! (And also allowed us to order food into the hotel when the chef had finished for the night).Would definitely recommend this if you want a base to tour from and are comfortable travelling by tube. The hotel is a lot nicer (and cheaper) than some of the hotels based very central.	
Dec 8 2008 	ideal location 	My partner &amp; I stayed at this hotel for a birthday weekend. The location of the hotel is ideal. Right by a tube and main line station, making it perfect for travelling around central London.The staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful and the room was extremely clean and comfortable.The breakfast was very good valve.We come up from Brighton to London a few times a year and we will have no doubts about staying at this hotel again and I will recommend it to my friends.	
Oct 11 2008 	Mixed feelings	Our experience with the Euston Square hotel is mixed. I was due to stay in the hotel by myself for one night, but due to a strike of the Eurostar my partner had to come and stay in the hotel as well. Although it was obviously short notice this was not a problem at all! Overall, I have to say that the staff was really nice and friendly.However, we were quite surprised when we saw our room. It was so small (or should I say: efficiently furnished?)! When I look at the pictures that other people posted I would say we had the smallest room in the hotel. There was not even room for a table/desk! We were all the more surpised because we had stayed in another (cheaper) hotel in the same area the previous days, where we had a much bigger room! Also disappointing was that the cleaners had not removed a dirty sock that a previous guest had put on the fire alarm.The room itself is nice and modern and in contrast to previous reviews we did not have any problems with noise, because our room was located on the inside. There was also complimentary shampoo which was nice because we forgot to bring our own. The breakfast was also o.k, but there was not a lot of choice. All in all it was a mixed experience, but I think we will not go back to this hotel.	
Sep 29 2008 	Little gem of a hotel!	I booked here at short notice, and loved it from the first minute! It's very stylish and modern, and while the room was undoubtedly compact, it had all you require, especially for a short stay. The bathroom was equally stylish. You are on the Euston Road, so can hear the traffic but it's not too loud. Breakfast was a plentiful buffet, with complimentary papers, a nice seating area and friendly staff. Am looking forward to my next stay!	
Sep 22 2008 	Small and Noisy	I had read that the hotel rooms were small and noisy but we still had high hopes that our room would be different. When we checked in I specifically asked for one of the quieter rooms due to the rather bad reviews I had read on this site. Where did they put us? It was a room directly above the underground tube entrance and next to an extremely busy road (24 hrs a day). The noise factor was worse than the fact that the room is so very small. No table or area to set your bags, purse, water bottles etc. Note: never but never stay in room 103. After 3 days we finally got a little smarter and requested a room on the other side of the hotel (room 119) that the windows faced a small street that ran alongside the hotel. Still noisy but not as bad. At least we got some sleep the last few nights we were there. Our room had air conditioning but we knew that not all rooms have air available. The unit DID shut off automatically as a previous poster noted.No complaints regarding staff. They responded quickly to our request for a room change, helped us book for a airport transfer service to pick us up when we departed and printed out our boarding passes.	
Sep 22 2008 	Nice Little Hotel - Well Worth a Try!	I have to confess that I have had my fingers burned a few times with a few of the smaller, independent hotels in Central London. The Euston/Kings Cross area of Central London is of course a hotbed for hotels of all shapes in sizes because of the proximity of three major railway stations and two Underground interchanges. So named because it is right next door to Euston Square tube station (on the Circle and Metropolitan lines), this hotel is still classified by the AA as a bed and breakfast so it has a 3-diamond rating (equivalent to a 2-star hotel roughly). It is about 4-5 minutes walk from either Euston or Warren Street stations on the Northern/Victoria lines.First impressions of this hotel are positive – the whole place has had a wholesale refurbishment and I’m not meaning a lick of paint – every room has been gutted out and renewed, with high quality bathroom finishes, new furniture, with all rooms having a safe, a hairdryer, television with internet access (chargeable), and an air conditioner controlled by a small console on the wall. They seem to have made a real effort to bring the place up to a modern, contemporary standard. The desk staff all seemed courteous, well presented and eager to help - I needed a pair of scissors to cut the cable ties off on my luggage for example, and the handyman was sent up within a few minutes with the requisite tool!! Although I must say a couple of the staff I encountered didn’t seem all that friendly I suspect (as is often the case with London’s reliance on immigrant labour) it is more their lack of proficiency in English than anything else. Best bit of the lot was the bathroom –like the rooms they have been kitted out with really high quality fixtures and could almost be described as a wet room. The shower was excellent – delivering hot water at high pressure – I could have stayed in it all day! I didn’t think much of the cheap and nasty complimentary toiletries however.There is a bar/restaurant in the hotel – which I only used once and it again has been refurbished and in terms of the fixtures and fittings it was comparable with anything I’ve seen in a big-name 3-star establishment. The prices were quite reasonable too - £3.10 for a pint of lager is pretty good for a London hotel!What didn’t I like? Like most other reviewers of this establishment the size of the rooms is a big issue. All are about big enough for a double bed, enough space down each side to get in/out and a wardrobe. Hardly any room for the doors to open freely never mind basic things one would expect in a 3-star hotel such as a desk or a chair. The welcome pack was on the window sill and tea/coffee making has to be done on the floor next to the only vacant wall socket.Noise can be a problem. The hotel looks out onto the busy Euston Road, so bad news if you are on any of the south facing windows, but they had an audible pigeon scarer (the noise of seagulls’ distress calls) which went off every once in a while, also depending on which part of the hotel you are in – the noise of the elevator machinery bumbles through the fabric of the building almost constantly. But my main gripe was that I paid £180 for two nights for two people in a double room – that’s £90 a night which on the face of it is pretty darn good. But this was a promotional rate that I got via British Airways AirMiles – the full rate (according to the notice at reception) is a whopping £130 a night for single occupancy, £200 for double occupancy. Putting this in perspective there is an iBiS, two Premier Inns and a Travelodge within walking distance down the Euston Road – which are all big-name 3-star hotels and they are all in the £80-£100 per room price range, and all have far bigger bedrooms and better facilities overall. In short – what we have is a former 2-star hotel that has had a no expense spared refurbishment to bring it up to a 3-star standard, but the full rates are bordering 4-star territory and I’d have difficulty in justifying that kind of outlay.So overall then, I’d have to say that for a small independent hotel this is a very sound choice and I would definitely come back again and as long as you don’t value lots of space I’d say it’s well worth it as long as you don’t pay over the odds.	
Sep 17 2008 	small but perfectly formed	very adequate, not overpriced comfortable, conveniently located unpretentious hotel. I'll go back for business visits to our nation's capital. Small but clean rooms with better than average bathrooms and security.	
Aug 26 2008 	Too small	My Husband and I stayed at the Euston Square for 2 nights . I was appalled and very disappointed with the size of the room, we had a bag each and there was no room left in the room you had to place a bag on the bed to move around the bed . You could open the door from the bed. Also the in room internet through the TV was a joke you couldn't write or send e-mails it was very difficult to use. I would never reccommend this hotel to a couple , perhaps a single for a few nights only	
Aug 22 2008 	My Turn to Set the Record Straight	I'll keep this short and sweet:1) This hotel is LOUD! No excuse and no other way to put it...it is so LOUD. I've been living in london for years now and the hotel is located on a major/busy road that runs through central London. I did not sleep well at all.My room was 001, on the first floor. I could constantly hear people going to and from the lift all through the night. Our window was overlooking the street, where all the maintenance trucks and workers were parked outside. If you don't know this hotel is located DIRECTLY next to Euston Square tube station. If you aren't familiar with London, starting around mid-night (until 5ish AM) workers do maintenance/repairs on the tube. So luckily for me their trucks were parked next to my window. Even with the window closed, I could hear them speaking, yelling, and banging from their equipment. 2) The walls are paper thin. I could hear everything my Italian neighbors were saying, doing, and I could hear them coughing at night. 3) My room was for disable people and I am not disable. For some unknown reason they placed me in this room. The bathroom was designed for a person in a wheelchair, and it looked exactly like the bathroom in my grandfathers nursing home. There was no shower curtain and it had a special seat in the shower. 4) Hotel staff was nice and friendly.5) Our A/C did not work. Conclusion:If you want location, yeah this hotel has got it. But there's about 5-10 other hotels in the King's Cross area. It's a plus the rates come with breakfast and free newspapers. Overall, I'm warning you the hotel is soooooo loud at night.	
Aug 15 2008 	Too noisy and air conditioniong is turned off after 1h	I stayed in Euston Square for 4 days for a business trip to London.I found very difficult to sleep in this hotel because:1) Room was very noisy, on top of a busy junction in London2) The curtains didn't avoid lights coming into to room, making it even more difficult to sleep.We asked to be moved to different rooms and the staff did that for us, which seem to be a good idea at first. The new rooms were silent, but very warm. I turned the air conditioning on and was hoping to have a good night of sleep, but the air con went off after one hour. I woke up 3 times during the night feeling very warm and had to turn on the air con again. I think the hotel wants to save energey, so it prevents the air con from being turned on for more than one hour.	
Jul 27 2008 	Well recommended!	Enjoyed our short stay. The hotel staff could not have been more helpful - they even let us into our room earlier than 2.00 pm! The hotel was very clean indeed - they even changed the bed-linen each day. Breakfast was enjoyable - with a very good choice for continental. True the room was a little small, but it was very quiet, clean and had good TV reception and toiletries. We would stay there again!	
Jul 17 2008 	Setting The Record Straight Here!	Having read some of the previous reviews of this hotel I was a little worried about staying in this hotel for my wedding anniversary trip to London and after much searching around decided “what the hell, I’m only staying for 2 nights and we’ll be out most of the time, how bad can it be?”I feel that I must set the record straight, I don’t understand what all the complaints are about… there was a disabled stair lift on the front steps and upon entering reception we were greeted with really friendly staff. We went to our room which was very warm but turning the radiator off and switching on the integrated air con soon solved that issue. There was also a free standing floor fan for extra cooling.The room was exceptionally clean and about 5x4 metres in size – perfectly adequate as far as I’m concerned. The shower room was small but perfectly functional and immaculately decorated in contemporary fittings, it did have a very strong odour of faeces though but I’m guessing that this was down to the previous occupant and not a general problem because leaving the shower room window open for a few hours evacuated the stink and we had no further problems with that.The shower was powerful and hot if required and showed no signs of mould, leaks or inadequate cleaning.We took our laptop and were very pleasantly surprised to see a room safe that was big enough to store it as well as all our other valuables (see picture), how many times have you stayed in a hotel with a room safe that you can’t even put your digital camera in?The room had a small LCD TV on the desk, I can’t comment on this though as we weren’t in the room long enough to use it although we did use the free internet access which was great as it helped us with London fact-finding and map searching using Google.The windows didn’t open much but then again which hotel’s windows do? There was a great deal of traffic noise with the windows open but we were a mile or two from the West End, that’s hardly the fault of the hotel is it? Anyway, when we shut the windows the traffic noise all but stopped except for loud emergency sirens.We had a good night’s sleep both nights in a very comfortable bed which was also clinically clean as inspected by my wife who is also a hotel manager – no bed bugs here or worrying stains on the mattress!Breakfast was included on a continental basis which sometimes means tea or coffee and a croissant with ham and cheese or butter and jam… not here matey, we were offered all we could eat from a buffet style breakfast which included 3 or 4 different cereals, fresh fruit salad, brown and white bread self toasted in a perfectly functioning toasting machine. There were chocolate, fruit or Danish pastries, tea, coffee (both hot) and cold orange juice. There may have been more that I didn’t notice. GREAT BREAKFAST!There was no iron in the room so on returning from a day out we asked at reception for an iron and ironing board, only seconds after getting to our room a member of staff had delivered both to us.Finally, another nice touch was that we needed somewhere to leave our bags on the day we checked out because we weren’t leaving London until 8pm so I asked if there was somewhere we could leave them, I was led to a walk-in safe past reception and we left them there in return for a cloakroom ticket and went to enjoy our day. We returned later in the afternoon, had a relaxing drink on their street-side terrace and collected our bags safely before leaving for our journey home. More importantly, this service was also free of charge.Perhaps since 2004 ownership has changed and vast improvements may have been made but we did not encounter ANY of the problems highlighted in previous reviews and I would not hesitate in staying here again should I return for another trip to theatre-land particularly as it set me back just £164 for two nights (even the Wandsworth Travelodge was £210!)One other benefit of this hotel is that it is immediately adjacent to Euston Square subway, 400m from Euston, 30 minute walk along the same road from Marylebone Station and a 30 minute walk from Leicester Square.If you’re looking for a reasonably priced hotel close to the centre without the wasted opulent luxury of London 5 stars then this is the place to stay, book using laterooms.com though for best discounts.	
Jul 17 2008 	Good hotel that serves its purpose	A group of work colleagues stayed one night in the Euston Square Hotel (there were 10 of us each booked into our own double room).Check in was easy, our rooms were all decent sizes and the bar was a great meeting point. The whole hotel was spotless, the staff helpful and breakfast (advertised as continental but we got bacon and eggs!) was good.It was noisy but it's above a tube station and on one of the main roads in London so unsurprising.However, there were two bad points. 1) the rooms had slated blinds and not curtains so when the sun came up (at 430am in the middle of summer), the room was too light to sleep and 2) the whole hotel was BAKING! When we checked in, we were told the air con easn't working and they weren't joking. Each room had a stand alone fan but this just moved hot air around and not a lot else. It would be OK in the winter but we all melted.I'd stay here again if I needed to be in London overnight for a work event but not if it was for a social do.	
Jul 4 2008 	What is everyone complaining about?	I must confess, after reading recent negative comments, I was quite worried! But, on arrival, helpful, smiling staff produced my booking - gave the keys etc. The room is tiny - but everything you need is provided - I'm watching TV - using free internet - reading the free newspaper. There is a little street noise, but I am in London and the windows are open! When closed, it is a quiet room. There are no wierd smells - the place is impeccably clean - the showers are fantastic.... I really don't know what the complaints were about! Oh well !!Trevor(still at the hotel - and staying another 16 days)	
Jun 23 2008 	Appalling place rude staff - please stay away	I had booked two rooms in the hotel, a double for two nights and a second room for one night.Simple enough request.But the hotel got it wrong and booked two rooms for two nights.Despite presenting them with a print off of my confirmation from the site I booked on, the manager, who was called in to resolve the issue, was extremely rude and insisted I'd made a mistake.He refused to allow us to check in until the issue was sorted and said I'd have to pay for both rooms.I of course refused and pointed out it was an issue between him and the travel agent and demanded to be allowed to check in.After about 45 minutes of arguing, he grudgingly gave us a key and told us to come back to reception in half an hour.We had to pay up front for our room, in full, without seeing it.The room we were given was right over a pub, with an outdoor speaker right under our window, blasting out football, you could hear the match word for word.Walls and windows were paper thin and you could hear all the traffic on the street outside and everything from the room next door.When we passed by reception later on, the manager just said &quot;It's okay&quot;, that was it, no apology, nothing to say it wasn't my fault, just a major attitude.For the rest of the weekend, we encountered similarly rude staff, everyone was extremely unhelpful.The receptionist laughed at me when I asked to be moved from my noisy room and just refused.The air conditioing didn't work and the tiny bedrooms were like saunas, we weren't offered any discount for this.On the morning of check out, we got a call to say if we were in our room even 5 minutes after check out, we'd be charged £25 per hour!For the price we paid (£110 per room per night), this place was sub standard.It was an awful place, made worse by the terrible staff.Avoid at all costs!	
Jun 22 2008 	Overpriced for a 2 star hotel	Arrived on a Sat nite via rail very hot nite checked in went to room which was like a jail and a sauna rang reception about a/c told it was not working due to renos.No coffee facilities in room or fridge.Window only opened 2 inches for fresh air but then u got all of the traffic noise.Breakfast nice but it took 20 minites to get a coffee.Sunday we wanted to dine in the restruant after a day of sightseeing tied and cranky, needed a beer but was told it did not open on Sundays.Booked a cab to airport $80.00 pounds for 4 not bad but a crazy cabbie doing 107 miles an hr at some stages on the motorway.Room clean but not comfortable too small would only rate this hotel as 2 star.Peter WoodwardAustralia.	
Jun 16 2008 	Would recommend lovely hotel	I work for a charity and we have a corporate rate with this hotel. The rooms are always clean and tidy and there are never any problems whatsoever.I always use their lugguage room in the mornings, as I always arrive too early for check -in. They always provide a high level of service and nothing appears to be too much trouble.The only fault I can possibly find with the hotel, is on a few occasions I have had a room which has been a bit noisy with the traffic pasing by, but if I was staying more than one night I would probably ask them to move me.I would recommend this hotel to busines travellers as it is quite close to Euston Station and usually I drop my lugguage off before heading into London.	
Jun 5 2008 	Clean but smelly	Checked for disabled access and booked two adjacent rooms as my daughter is disabled. On arrival the only access was up a flight of stairs. My daughter would not have been able to access the hotel without me, absolutely no help from the hotel staff. When we asked if there was any other access flatly told no. When mentioned the stairs and getting the wheel chair up them the reception staff shrugged. Obviously my problem not theirs. The adjacent rooms happened to be 3 floors away from each other. I told the receptionist that we requested adjoining rooms he looked as if I had said something terrible to him, but changed rooms for me so they were next to each other but he did not give us the adjoining rooms so it meant we had to go through the corridor constantly. Room was clean but it stunk of Urine. No mirrors in the bedroom and no shelves in the bathroom. An alarm sounded in my daughters room and I called reception, after about 20 minutes had to go to reception and bring them to the room, he pressed a button to stop the alarm and said it was either perfume or deodorant that had set it off! Reception staff were a waste of time normally 4 people standing around, but bar and restaurant staff were friendly and helpful. I would not stay at this hotel again it felt like being in a hostel. Disabled people are not able to use this hotel even though they state disabled friendly and have 4 disabled rooms due to access to the hotel. Also there is no car park I was told that I could park in the station for £22 a night, staff did not know that you could park outside overnight or in the same street there is a car park for £14 for 24 hours.	
May 10 2008 	Not the worst not the best	Travelling back from Paris we (four of us) needed a one night stayover in London. Booked online which was quick and easy.Arrived from St Pancras in hot weather and needed a shower. The main entrance was closed due to work and entered through restaurant. Friendly check in staff helped us with our bags and into lift. No smells noticed as per previous reviewer but lift very small.Two rooms were booked. One was at the back of the hotel with a brick wall view. The other was at the front with traffic noise.The rooms were clean and tidy but a little small. OK for a one night stay though. A nicely appointed bathroom with all the usual facilities and spotless.Television, tea making facilities internet all there.Unfortunately it was hot and the air conditioning was not working. We had to open the windows and in one room the noise was horrendous and the occupants found it difficult to sleep.A cooked breakfast was ordered which was massive and very nice and tasty. When we saw the continental breakfast we wished we hadn't ordered the cooked one. More than a croissant and a coffee. More like juice, cereal, cheese , toast, bread. Plenty for a good breakfast.Overall not a bad experience but not the best. A few more touches and little more attention to detail would make it better. Note the air conditioning has not been working for weeks, does not bode well for Summer. I would book this hotel again considering our experience, and it is cheap for London and close to the station.	
Apr 28 2008 	24th April - Horrible Hotel	We were going to meet a friend over from Sweden for one night, who was booked into this hotel. Because of that, although I did check out the reviews (not 100% favourable), we decided to stay anyway.I rang to enquire about the prices, then phoned to see if train tickets were available before I booked the hotel. I then called back to be given a totally different price. That sorted, with me booking at the original quoted price rather than the higher second price, off we go.To get into the hotel we had to enter via a wine bar round the corner due to refurbishments (not mentioned at booking). The wine bar looked fairly modern and clean, and was totally empty so no problem there. So through the wine bar we go to find reception - and as you go through the door you smell the smell that reminds you of the early eighties and the smell from the dirty waiting rooms in bus stations, if you ever had to experience that, it was far far from pleasant. The smell didn't go away.We get to reception to pay for our booking, to be told (Once we could understand the receptionist who had trouble with speaking english) we can't book in as no photo ID, and we needed either a passport or drivers license, of which we had neither as we weren't going to be needing them. No mention of this at booking. So now I was a little irritated - made the reception aware of this, to be passed the forms and asked for a credit card, they had obviously decided that the hotel policy of wanting photo ID was no longer relevant. We are given a room card, told first floor and pointed towards the lift. (Couldnt go up the stairs as there was a painter painting in the doorway)We found the room easily enough, well if you can call it a room. There was approx 40cm on each side of the double bed to walk and about 50cm at the end of the bed, between the wardrobe and tv table, with a stool underneath that you couldnt pull out and sit on as there wasn't enough room. The room was sweltering, even though it wasn't particularly warm outside, and it was then we realised there was no AC. However, we were going stright out to meet our friend, so we left the window open to air the room. We later returned to the wine bar and decided we would eat there, as it was convenient to the room, and the food was excellent. The drinks however, were overpriced even for London, but we expected that. We didnt expect that the person on reception when we booked in would try to say we hadn't paid for a round of drinks he had served us with while working in the wine bar that evening. However, I had receipts for every drink we purchased luckily, but it took half an hour of arguing to sort it out, with the *manager* telling me had had checked the till and the money wasn't there. He had checked the till at 11pm, we bought the drinks at 11-41pm)At this point we decided to go to bed, as the atmosphere of the evening was chilled to say the least.)The room was still hot despite the window being left open, but we closed the window to block out the noise of the traffic which was still heavy, and the noises from either roadworks or construction which was happening somewhere nearby. This we soon found, didnt help at all. Although the windows looked to be double glazed, they certainly made no difference to noise outside, and so was one of the worst nights sleep due to noise and heat, I've ever had.You can imagine that the next morning, we went to breakfast in the wine bar, which was crowded and hectic, had a quick coffee and checked out, as the heat seemed to have magnified here too. My advice - don't stay here unless you have to, the receptionists were all ignorant (4 of them) and spoke very little english, the rooms are poky (you should have seen the single room, you could mistake it for a coffin its that small) and hot. The fact that they are clean doesn't outweigh the other stuff for me, and you can easily find better and cheaper, so next time, I'll take more heed of the reviews before I book, even it means we have to walk 10 mins.If you are in the vicinity though, the food in the attached wine bar was second to none - just make sure you get receipts!	
Apr 25 2008	Horrible horrible horrible	Arrived at the hotel to be diverted through a restaurant due to work being done.Initially thought it looked modern and there was a bit of buzz around the lobby. Walk through the door to the lift and the smell hits you, of what you may ask but I really couldn't tell you but it was unpleasant. My single room was like what I imagine a prison cell to be like, small, lacking any character and dark.When I asked about the air conditioning it was broken in the whole hotel. My window wouldn't shut tight and so I might as well have slept in the middle of Euston road because the noise was at times unbearable.The redeeming feature of the hotel........hmmmm......the staff were pleasant enough especially the serving staff in the restaurant. Thank god I only had to endure one night and at £82 per night it wasn't cheap...for London it was. MIC around the corner is much nicer and cheaper!Sorry but I'm only being honest.	
Apr 18 2008	Don't stay at this hotel!	A work colleague and I stayed at this hotel on Monday 19th April as we were hosting a meeting in London the following day with 150+ delegates arriving. I can honestly say this is the worst hotel I have possibly ever stayed in, certainly in London. My colleague had to change rooms three times as the swipe pass system that they had on each door was not working and so they were issuing everyone with a door key. The first two rooms my colleague was given the locks were not working properly and she could not get in the rooms and the third room she was given (which we were told, several times by the staff, was the biggest room in the hotel) she then had the embarrassing situation of another guest (male) being issued with the same key and walking in the room when she was in a state of undress. Also, we could not use the stairs as you needed a swipe card to access the stairs and the swipe system was not working.If that was not bad enough when we returned to the hotel at 9.30pm after having a meal we found that there were road works going on opposite the hotel which we were not told about when we first arrived. The road works were being done at night to minimise traffic congestion so we had a pneumatic drill being used until half past midnight and then more road works going on until 2.30am. The hotel did not have double glazing and so what with that and the sirens going by every half an hour we got about 3 hours sleep before a very important work meeting.I can appreciate that the workmen have to do their job but we were not informed of this by the hotel when we booked the rooms. Also, I would consider that the least they could do would be to issue people with earplugs considering the situation but when I asked for ear plugs I was told the hotel didn’t have any. The staff were rude, unhelpful and really didn’t seem bothered. Rooms were clean but very small even by London standards. The hotel was central being ten minutes walk from Regent’s Park and the breakfast was ok but I really would not want anyone to stay here. Our company have paid for the rooms and we are in the process of trying to get a refund for my colleague’s room but I would not want a member of the public to pay money to stay here. Breakfast was nice!	
Mar 17 2008 	Excellent Value for Money!	Because of the mixed reviews I was very dubious about staying at this hotel; however I booked a 1 night stay as we just needed to use it as a base for the night.The hotel is situated between Warren Street (northern line from waterloo) and Euston station.There were still some renovations going on in the restaurant but the lobby looked really clean and modern.I was delighted with our double room, having only paid £60.00 (inc booking fee and breakfast) I was not expecting much but the room was really nice, it reminded me of a modern bedroom with an en-suit shower room, it was quite small but there was no need to swing any cats so that wasn’t a problem.Both the room and shower room was very clean with shower gel, shampoo and body lotion available, sky TV on a flat screen, tea and coffee, safety deposit box and hair dryer.The only slightly negative things I can say is the bed is just a double and we are used to a king so it was a bit small and there was noise from the road, I’d suggest taking some ear plugs… other than that I totally recommend staying in this hotel, its excellent value for money and a really nice place to stay.Enjoy!	
Feb 24 2008	A Happy-ish Stay	Just returned from a weekend spent at the Euston Square Hotel. Have to say that I was slightly dubious having read some mixed reviews on here, but found it a functional, well located, and friendly hotel. Yes, there is some noise from the Euston Road, but it is in the middle of London so that is unavoidable I guess. Room was on the small side but still more than adequate, the shower was powerful and the only issue was the lack of a lock on the bathroom door.As an Englishman, I expect a good full English in a morning, so was a bit dissapointed with the continental style breakfast - however, the coffee was hot, the orange juice cold and the pastries were ok too. The staff were very friendly, we arrived early and though they couldn't check us in they were happy for us to leave our bags. Ditto the checkout too - had to leave at 11am, but happy to store our bags for the rest of the day. All in all this hotel does what it says on the tin. It has a few rough edges but would be happy to stay again.	
Dec 15 2007 	Nice value for money hotel	Nice hotel located only a short walk from Euston station. Staff very helpful and friendly and booking in only took a couple of mins. Room was a decent size for a London hotel and the bed was extremely comfortable. En suite was modern and clean. TV, tea and coffee facilities, along with hairdryer and a useful safe (free to use!). Plenty of wardrobe apace for a short stay. However, only 2 downsides to this hotel, (1) The nearby road creates alot of traffic noise and light sleepers will not enjoy a stay hear unless you have ear plugs (2). Breakfast is a buffet of toast, cereal and danish pastries. You have to pay extra for an English Breakfast! Apart from this we found this hotel to be in a great location for using the tube and had no problems with the hotel. Good value for money when compared to other London Hotels. Would stay again but will use earplugs next time.	
Nov 26 2007 	Just about adequate	While there are some renovations taking place in the hotel (new carpet on stairs) and the room was clean and tidy, it was certainly the smallest hotel bedroom i've ever stayed in. The breakfast was acceptable but my main complaint was that, having been woken up in the middle of the night because of a fire alert and having to evacuate the hotel for nearly an hour and stand around outside in freezing conditions, NO explanation or apology was offered by the hotel staff at any stage. I certainly would not return.	
Nov 20 2007	Avoid this hotel especially if you are female or disabled!	This has to be one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in! THe website should have been a give away - no proper pictures of the hotel rooms or hotel in general, and boy do I wish I'd listened to the alarm bells. THe reception staff are less than helpful and their personal hygene leaves a lot to be desired. When we arrived in our disabled room, which we were told was a lot bigger than the other rooms on the upper floors, we found that the room was dark, cold, noisy and small. Further investigation led to me to discover their was no plug in the sink, and no mirror in the bedroom for me to use with the hairdryer provided (the only mirror was in the dimly lit bathroom.) When we complained, we were told that there are no plugs in any sink due to health and saftety reasons, and non of bedrooms had mirrors. I also found that, after banging my ankle on the edge of the bed a few times, that their certainly wasn't enought space for a wheelchair user to get around the room easily. Interesting, considering this is a disabled roomWhen we overcame these problems, we then discovered the (joys?!) of trying to sleep. THe blinds didn't keep the light out, the double glazing didn't even muffle the noise of the traffic, and there was a strange and very irritating clicking noise which continued through the night at intervals of 10 minutes (when you can't sleep, what else do you do other than count clicks/sheep?)THe only saving grace was a reasonable continental breakfast. I just thank my lucky stars that I only used this hotel as a place to lay my head, ready for a big event I was taking part in the following day.	
Nov 6 2007 	Avoid this rank broken down hotel at all costs	We booked into the Euston Square Hotel. First, the phone didn't work and the TV wasn't audible. They said they would pass the phone along to maintenance. The TV couldn't be turned up to avoid disturbing neighbours. We demanded a change of room. The next room was absolutely filthy on the carpet and the hallway was disgusting. We requested a 4:00 AM wakeup call which they never followed through on: And of course there was no manager around to comp the hotel stay or sort out things. This place gives London a bad reputation and me and my wife a desire never to return. To be avoided.	
Aug 24 2007 	Avoid like the plague	London hotels are proverbially bad value. However this one takes the biscuit.Overpriced, poky, and with the corridors covered by a cheap and dirty old carpet that looks downright sleazy. The rooms are tiny (it took two weeks for the bruises I collected colliding with the bed everytime I crossed the room - I'm NOT clumsy, just there was no room - to disappear) and the storage is atrociously lacking - one tiny wardrobe, no chests. Not even a chair to sit in. Intolerably hot in summer, and the low quality electric fan that was provided was not adequate to provide ventilation. The bathroom was nice, with the caveat that the shower cubicle was not really suitable for anyone under size zero. Plus points: the rooms were cleaned (and well) daily, and the breakfast provided was good, as was the coffee. Good wireless internet. On the whole, I feel this place suffers badly from a desire to pack people in to the maximum. The room are too small, and the place is in dire need of an overhaul.Location is good - walking distance from Tottenham Court Road and a tube station (Euston Square) right next door. The excellent Indian restaurants of Drummond Street NW1 are a few minutes walk away.	
Jul 31 2007 	Business Hotel Prices NOT Business Hotel Service!	The hotel is located on North Gower Street, and is approximately 30 yards from the entrance to Euston Square underground station. It is within walking distance of Euston mainline railway station as well.The outside of the hotel, and the corridors inside show a lack of care and attention. The decor looks tired, and there was a strange sweaty smell to the hallways.The single room I was booked into was EXTREMELY small, only measuring six feet across, and approximately twelve feet long. There was no minibar, and no room service. The decor of the room was very pleasant and appeared that it had been decorated recently.The bathroom was really only a shower room, and also incredibly small, but pleasantly decorated.My biggest problem with the hotel was the fact that it was marketed as being suitable for the business traveller, when there were none of the facilties necessary. No wireless internet, no room service, no minibar, no laundry service. In fact the only thing that was aimed at the business traveller was the price!In short, the hotel room was pleasant, but the remainder of the hotel looked tired and dated. The accomodation was overpriced, and unsuitable for the business traveller. It would be more suitable to leisure travellers, or those not so time conscious, but then there are plenty of cheaper hotels in the market for the leisure traveller.I would not return to this hotel.	
Jul 30 2007 	Decent Enough Hotel	I stayed just the one night at the Euston Square Hotel. The 'single executive' room was £84 including breakfast, not too bad considering it is in London and I booked only a few days before hand. I booked the hotel via [--], I noticed the rooms may cost more if booked directly off the hotel website.Payment for your room is taken at check in. Check in and out was quick with no hassle.The hotel is in an old looking building. Some of the staircases look as if they could do with a lick of paint and the entrance area is a little shabby looking but the rooms themselves are comfortable, modern looking and very clean.The rooms have a safe, tea/coffee making facilities, fan, heating and tv with internet access (at an additional cost)Strangely there was no hotel information given in the room, all I was given was the breakfast times. More worryingly, there were no fire escape notices in the room. I'm surprised this isn't a legal requirement!Breakfast is served in the FAB bar area (dodgy name for a bar but still....). The food was nice if a bit limited in choice; cereal, ham, cheese, fruit salad, coffee and juice. The best feature of this hotel is its location. It is above Euston Square underground station, about 2 minutes walk from Euston main line station and on a main road....this also has its downside as it can get quite noisy, be prepared to hear station announcements etc late on at night and early in the morning!To sum up, it is an ideal hotel for one or two nights and a reasonable cost at a good location. Its never going to win any awards but it does the job.	
Jul 27 2007 	Never Again!	The only positive thing I can say about this place is its location, right on Euston Square station and a short walk to Warren St or Euston.... though Euston Square is not the most useful in terms of links to other central tourist spots and involves a change to most common destinations, it's handy to be so close to the system (mind you, when selecting the hotel we thought we were arriving via Euston mainline, which would've been very convenient, but the high rails costs forced a change of plan to arriving by coach at Victoria, which resulted in losing a lot of time on our last day getting our case to left luggage in Victoria before sightseeing).To the hotel itself; it describes itself online as being recently refurbished in a very chic and modern design and the picture suggested a decent sized room with trendy decor. This, to me, was gross misrepresentation!Reception was decently decorated, though the rather cheap, shabby look of the entrance let it down. Despite giving credit card details to secure the booking and being informed that payment would be taken at the END of the stay, they made us pay on arrival. This is not the system I expect at British hotels and implies an atmosphere of mistrust (despite the fact that they have your card details already, so you couldn't &quot;do a runner&quot;). I suspect they want to take payment before you see your room!One of the first things you notice in all the common hallways and in the rooms is the same, light coloured and very badly stained carpet throughout. When reburbishing, surely this should've been one of the first things to address.... at least a dark carpet wouldn't have shown up the dirt!The room was tiny. One bedside cabinet, with a wardrobe on the other side of the bed. Cheap-looking melamine furniture throughout the room. No bedside lights, Windows that only opened 1-2cm at the top, which made it very stuffy and hot (and not on a particularly hot July weekend). The window blinds were so bad they were comical, when pulled, the cord and holder came off the window and nearly hit us in the face. Closer inspection showed that it should be held on with a sticky pad and operated the blinds with magnets... of course in such a high-use environment these pads had failed... so you had to stand on the furniture and hold it in place to adjust the blinds (what our position would've been if we'd fallen off and injured ourelves while doing this, I'm not sure).The TV only had 3 terrestrial channels and 1 or 2 freeview ones tuned in, and no indication anywhere of what , if any, charges were for other channels or internet. The TV screen bracket could not be adjusted horizontally, and was loose so the vertical position was fixed at a downward angle, so the screen faced towards the floor to the side of the bed.The complimentary drinks tray was finally located in the cupboard under the TV because there was no surface space for it. There was no plug socket anywhere near a surface, so the kettle had to be boiled on the floor by the bed. The tea tray only provided 2 standard coffee sachets (but as a lactose intolerant who doesn't like black coffee, I couldn't drink this as there was only UHT milk). My partner is diabetic, and no sweeteners were provided, which might've been a nice extra touch given the numbers of diabetics and dieters there are.The bathroom was very cramped and the sliding door left a gap when closed, to a maximum of 2 inches at the bottom... which is a little offputting, even with just a partner in the room... the layout meant that, through this gap, you could see a reflection of someone on the loo! so a certain amount of discretion was in order!The shower was extremely cramped, and the hotel boasted extensive complimentary items included. With the shower being too small to avoid getting hair wet, a shower cap might've seemed a reasonable addition, but again, they were overselling what was actually a very basic service.What was included were: Shower Gel, watered down shampoo, hand soap and face &amp; body lotion. I can only assume that the addition of the latter is what makes them feel they can market themselves as offering more than the minimum, but the lotion smelled old and slightly off. Also, all of these were provided in bottles attached to the wall, presumably this is because it costs a little more to provide the single-use bottles you expect to find in hotels, and to prevent people pocketing anything they didn't use, as you could do with small bottles/packets..... the whole thing left you feeling that anything they provided was done so grudgingly and they were determined not to provide you with anything more than the absolute minimum.Though we didn't have any street noise from our side of the building as others have experienced, we did find that the soundproofing was awful, and you could hear footsteps, voices and doors slamming all the time.Breakfast was OK, for what it was... Continental: croissants (plain or chocolate), cereals, fresh fruit salad (quite nice) fresh juice and toast you had to make yourself with jams, honey, marmalade, cheese &amp; ham. Coffee was fresh brewed in thermos jugs but not piping hot. To be honest, I don't really like continental breakfasts, as a non-milk drinker I'm very restricted anyway. In a UK hotel, I want a full english breakfast. On our 2nd morning we forgot my partner's sweeteners so I asked if they had any and we were given some... it was great that they had them, but not impressed that they weren't put out.One other personal issue which did not endear the place to me was that it chose to be a completely no-smoking hotel. Legally, hotel bedrooms can permit smoking. If the hotel had been as nice as marketed, I might've accepted this as a rule to maintain the pleasant decor and furnishings, but as it was very hostel-like and the carpets in such an appalling state, I struggled to understand their decision not to have a few smoking rooms (I'm fully appreciative that many guests might not want to follow a smoker into a room, and so I am quite happy to accept that a place may have just a few reserved for smokers and the rest smoke-free).To add insult to injury, I dutifully observed the smoking ban, and then we got a call after coming out of the shower to tell us our smoke alarm had been triggered (no sign of this in our room, we can only assume that it was set off by the steam in the very cramped space)... I got the distinct impression there was a suspicion, and veiled accusation, that we had been smoking in there!	
Jul 25 2007 	Small rooms. But this is London	I stayed at the Euston Square for 2 nights during July 2007.I had booked the Single Room on the website. I could not find any information as to the differences of the types of rooms so I was not sure if I was going to get a double room at a single rate og a special single room.It turned out to be a VERY small, definitely single room. At a rate of about 85 pounds a night, I was surprised. But of course, this is London. Square metres are hard to find in this fantastic city.The room was spotlessly clean and recently (I think) renovated. Nice, functional, maybe a little crammy, bathroom. No view, as the windows faced the inner enclosure of the hotel.A very positive suprise: Free wireless internet whereever you are on the premises. So bring your laptop along. And the flatscreen TV in the room works fine and boasts a large package of TV-channels.I agree that you get what you pay for in this hotel and you can definitely do a lot worse. I was happy with my choice, after the initial shock seeing the size of the room.	
Jul 22 2007 	Smallest Room Ever- Filthy Halls	This was the only hotel during our 3 week tour of London and Italy that I let my husband book. Big mistake. He obviously did not read Trip Advisor. The location IS truly great- centrally located near the main attractions. The room, however, was the tiniest room I have ever been in. The bed did not even have a top sheet- just a white comforter which I usually throw back and try to avoid touching. There was no air conditioning or even a fan and it was stuffy- stuffy in the hallway and stuffy in our room even with the window open. The carpeting in the hallway is FILTHY. I was truly repulsed. They charge you almost 7 pounds for the internet which you do not find out until you are actually using the internet. The shower was very nice but drained extremely slowly. The breakfast was decent- you cannot expect much for a free breakfast. I would NEVER stay here again.	
Jun 22 2007 	OK for sleeping and evening meal	Hotel was in good locationOur room was small, but thats fine as you do not spend time in London in your bedroom, but no air con, so only a fan to stir the warm airVery clean and tidyEvening meal was very goodStaff Pleasant, sometimes helpful, if you have a problem do not expect them to solve it, they will point you to filling in a form.Bad Points;No fire drill notices in our roomNo Hotel data in our room, ie no menus, no room service charges etcBar is not open over weekend until 5:30pm!!!, and they would not provide drinks during this period even as a guest!! So you had to find other places to eat and drinkBreakfast was cold buffet, aimed more at overseas tourist in Continental style, no food hot available, and kitchens do not open to cook a breakfast.Therefore if you expect a AA 3 Star hotel to provide total service and provide the Customer what they want - forget it.	
Jun 14 2007 	functional and clean	a small pleasant hotel rooms very clean but other areas in need of renovation. staff polite and helpful	
Jun 13 2007 	Great hotel for the price!	I really like this hotel for the price that we paid for. It exceeded our expectations, especially for its convenient location -- it's right above the Euston Square metro and walking distance to King's Cross. The continental breakfast included was a great bonus, and the staff was very friendly. We got lucky with the room that we got -- it was spacious, considering the size of other London hotel rooms we've stayed at for the same price. I would definitely recommend this hotel for the budget-conscious traveler -- it is a great choice for a 3-star hotel in the heart of London. Overall, I had a great experience and will reserve here again whenever we are in London.	
May 13 2007 	Great for the price	My boyfriend and I stayed here for three nights and thought it was perfect for a short period of time. The rooms are small, but its not like we went to London to hangout in the hotel all day long, so it didn't make much of a difference. The room was very clean and modern and the bed was very comfy. We did not notice any traffic noise. The bar was nice and was open later than many of the other bars around London.	
Apr 29 2007 	does the job and a bit more	I stayed here the night before the London Marathon. Great access to public transport as its above a tube station, so journeys to register and the race weren't a problem. Rooms are small but fine for a night or two, and good standard. Agree that its not the quietest of hotels, despite double glazing, traffic noise from one of the UKs busiest roads does get through. Nice bar , friendly staff, and they laid on an extra-early breakfast for marathon runners. I'd go back. You get what you pay for and this hotel is absolutely fine if you're looking for a reasonable place to lay your head.	
Apr 8 2007 	Decent and clean for the price	We stayed overnight for 1 night and found the rooms to b every clean although as stated small.We had a big double bed which was bigger than a normal king size bed which does take up space . There wasn't much room around the bed but when in London you aren't going to be spending much time in the room!!We paid £85 for the room which was very reasonable for London. It is right above Euston Square underground which meant that it was ideally located for getting around the city. We didn't notice any traffic noise.I would recommend it for people who want to be in the city.	
Mar 20 2007 	As the others say Do Not Stay Here!!!!	Well what can i say?!?!?!I did not have a very pleasant experience here! Me, my partner and a few friends stayed here for a weekend break as a surprise for a friend - what a surprise!The reception is decieving, its very modern clean etc. Then you make your way up the stairs!!! ive seen cleaner streets in london than the carpet in the hall! The room is tiny (don't be decieved by pics on the website) you have to shuffle around the bed to get anywhere! the bathroom is tiny your knees touch the shower screen when on the toilet (im only 5&quot;2!!!!) you cant stand sideways in the shower either water on your back or front! The room is on a busy main road which meant its very noisy - the only saving grace about the room is that it is clean! however bedding not very comforatble one lumpy pillow!!!The staff i found to be rude and not very helpful! they are also not very tactful and disclosed all my details including room number and how i paid to someone on the phone! (luckily it was my mother but she had not told the staff who was calling!) I did complain about my details being given out and i got a shrug of the shoulders and the managers not here! we asked for a complimentary drink due to other miss haps that we had incurred - sorry the bars not open! Being a hotel receptionist myself they are in need of some training in customer service and guest confidentiality Overall i would definately not be going back PLEASE TAKE WARNING!	
Jan 4 2007 	The worlds smallest room and the noisiest place ever	Unfortunatley I'd booked the room before I read the reviews! We stayed for 1 night, New Years Eve 06. I can honestly say it's the worst hotel I've stayed in. the rooms have been done up to a good standard, but are so small couldn't beleive it. The bed is against 2 walls, there is about 1 ft of space between it an the dressing table, and about 2ft at the bottom of the bed. there is no room for bagge unless you pit it in the wardrobe, and if you're only staying 1 night, who unpacks.Wporst of all we were directly opposite the lift and stairwell door. the latch was not working ont he door, meaning everytime someone came in or went out during the night (basically every 10 mins as it was New Year), the foor would slam shut. The bedoroom door would then rattle and bang. The floorboards upstairs sounded liek they were going to coem through to our room (just from normal walking about the room). The noise outside was constant, with ambulances sirens ect. Oh and to top it all no hot water for a shower in the morning.We complained as soon as we got there, no rooms spare! We complained the next morning - fill in a form! So far they have offered us a discount on our next stay- as if- or £15 refund on a room that cost £104!Don't go there.	
Dec 25 2006 	Reasonable value for Central London	We stayed two nights just before Christmas. We got one of the renovated rooms (not all rooms are renovated). The room was small --- you must make full use of the closet if you're staying several days --- but I've seen smaller. Really liked the LCD TV and the free internet. Windows are double-glazed so road noise not an issue except in summer. Staff were helpful and friendly. Excellent for transport (use Warren Street tube for most travel).	
Dec 5 2006 	not as good as it looks - tiny rooms and unhelpfull attitude don't bother!	I rarely complain and this is the first negative review I've written.However, unfortunately I stayed at this hotel recently.it looks really nice at first, but beyond the reception and dining room the public areas are tatty.The room I had was absolutely tiny, the smallest I have ever stayed in, even in London! My luggage stopped the bathroom door opening. The room smelt very strongly of smoke, but the traffic noise it so loud outside it isn't much fun to open the window to clear it. The hotel did supply an electric air freshener but the smell of that was nearly as bad!I was then woken by a housemaid opening the door into the room at 0900 the next morning, she very nearly walkked in. Since I'd had a work Christmas party till late the night before this wasn't entirely welcome!When I complained about the smoke, tiny room and being woken and very nearly walked in on, I was told there was no manager available at the weekend, and no discount was possible. Since they had already swiped my card I couldn't do much.When I emailed my complaint and requested a discount, this was also refused, although a discount on their full rate was offered if I stayed again! Very generous!Don't be decieved by the looks, there are loads of better hotels for the price in London! And certainly don't book a single room!	
Dec 4 2006	I dont know what these people are talking about!!!!!	I read the reveiws below and was sceptical to say the least!!! but the room was lovely, OK it is small but what do you expect for a central london converted hotel. The room was newly decorated, modern and spotlessly clean. LCD tv, broadband etc, the noise is what you would expect for the city, it is right next to the tube and only 10 mins walking to the west end.Breakfast was not vast but nice and the reception and bar was decorated to a good standard, and the staff where helpful and freindly.For the money and location this is an ideal hotel for a crash pad for nights out or short trips (long stays might be a little bit cramped).In summary, what do you expect for £70 an night in central london.Would recommend to anyone.......	
Sep 10 2006	A Nightmare	I have just returned from a 7 night stay at the Euston Square hotel and I can honestly say that I never slept during the nights I was there. The hotel is located right on the main road with sirens going off all night. To make it worse they are renovating and there were power saws going by 7 am every morning. The hotel is small and the rooms extremely tiny and you can hear every door banging throughout. On the up side the hotel staff was very friendly and the place was clean but I'd never stay there again.	
Jul 22 2006 	Very small rooms	We booked the hotel due to its close proximity to Euston Station - less than a five minute walk away.The room was on the 4th floor and was the smallest hotel room I have ever seen! The double bed just about fitted.It was not helped by the fact it was the hottest day of the year, no air conditioning and the window only opened about an inch.The traffic noise was present all through the night.On the positive side, the staff were friendly &amp; helpful, providing us with a fan when we asked if we could move to a lower floor thinking it may be cooler. The buffet breakfast was more than acceptable and the evening meal was of a good standard.We would not stay there again but someone on a tight budget who is not claustrophobic might find it OK!	
May 28 2006 	Supportive staff	28.05.06 I had the good fortune of being a house guest at the Euston Square Hotel, London, for the period May 22 to May 25 [three nights], and would like to place on record the wonderful help provided to me by the staff at the reception.  As I had a series of meetings around the Euston Square area [within 2 square kms], which I could conveniently walk, as well as meetings in Hammersmith [for which I had to utilise the Tube], I checked for facilities/directions to get my to my required destinations. I am most happy to say that the staff took the time and effort of providing me a map of the area that I had to visit [Theobald's Road], as well as a map of the London Underground, highlighting the final destination, as well as providing clear-cut instructions on how to reach the respective destinations. I travelled to my appointments without a hitch and, more importantly, on time.  The additional help that was provided was confirming a taxi pick-up to Heathrow at 4.00am on 25.05.06 at the time of my check-in [which arrived five minutes prior to the scheduled time], as well providing me an umbrella due to London's inclement weather [which saved me from rain and the possibility of ill-health, which I could not afford in 2 and a half days of hectic meetings]. Euston Square Hotel deserves to be recognised for the wonderful personnel working in their midst.	
Jan 31 2006 	Worst Ever	I had a room booked at the Euston Square through my company who are not renowned for their extravagence in caring for employees. I can only concur with previous reviews by fellow travellers of this flea pit of a hotel.The reception area is very well presented and give the impression that the rest of the hotel is to the same standard - WRONG! the room I was allocated was no bigger than a prison cell and teh bathroom could probably be nominated in the Guinness Book of records for the most constrictive space in which to wash and use the toilet - honestly aircracft bathrooms are bigger!.The room faced onto the busy road outside and i resorted to wetting two whole toilet rolls to stuff into the gaps around the frame.Breakfast consisted of a 'continental buffet' where everything had an inverse temperature relatuionship - everything that should have been cold (like milk for cereal, fruit juice etc.) was warm and everything that should have been warm (like coffee etc.) was tepid.Please if you take one piece of advice from this fantastic web site DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL	
Dec 19 2005 	dont' stay here!	I never normally write reviews of things, but the trauma caused by staying in this hotel has forced my hand. I have stayed in better hostels, and paid £70 less a night for the privelege. This hotel claims to boast executive rooms, modern, chic fittings and comfortable surroundings. In reality it offers no hot water, rooms that are so poorly sound proofed you may as well have slept in the road, decor that seems to have survived unchanged since pre-war times, a lobby and corridors that are filled with rubbish, and staff that are incompetent, rude, and unable to deal with any queries. I actually found the building contractors (who were constantly working - usually from around 06.30) more helpful than the reception staff.Whatever you do, find somewhere else to stay. I would have happily paid double to have avoided this unpleasant experience.	
Nov 15 2005 	Executive double - maybe in la la land!	I had the unfortunate pleasure of spending a whole week in this hotel when my company forgot to book me in to somewhere decent. This one was obviously the only other available in London as I can see no other reason for staying there.When i arrived I found that the hotel was in the process of being renovated, albeit my room had been finished but parts of the reception were still a bit of a mess. Anyway if your idea of a hotel room resembles a padded cell then you'll love this hotel.The rooms are tiny, and painted in the most disgusting colours - army greens and grey!! As for the comfort levels in the room, don't even get me started. A 4'6&quot; executive double (oh really), spot lights which don't really do a great deal for the ambience and no reading lamps, chairs for the desks or anything close to what you would expect.Anyway please don't let the website fool you - this hotel is nowhere near the class it portrays itself to be. The only good thing that I can say is that there was one particularly friendly member of staff who was more than helpful but if you want anything else from your stay then i suggest you go somewhere else!	
Nov 8 2005	Avoid	We stayed for one night when we needed to be near Euston staton for an early start and we expected a budget experience which is what you get, but not as good as say express by holiday inn or premier travel lodge. The newly refurbished room was OK but clearly done economically with not quite enough space for anything and had a small very soft double bed.The staff spoke adequate English and were courteous but followed bizarre administrative rules - for instance:To book on the net we had given our CC detailsOn arrival we had to fill these out by hand on a signed authorisation form, as well as separately run and sign a new CC authorisation again in addition to the already run copy which they had attached to the booking.This made me feel rather like a criminal!Stupidly we left an item in the room when we left - our fault. To get it back, we had to go through the same CC procedure again including making photocopies of the card and sending them to the hotel, even though they already had the wealth of paperwork described above. - Certainly no suggestion of sending it for free - Overall, the experience left a bad taste.	
May 19 2005 	Avoid for a year or two until they've refitted	I'm afraid my experience of this hotel was not a happy one. I booked online an 'Executive Single' which cost almost £100 a night. I was planning to use the facilities and internet access to do some work ahead of a meeting the next day. However.I arrived during the early-evening rush to be told by overworked reception staff that an Executive Single was not available and I would have to have a Standard Triple instead. Ever broad-minded, I agreed -- only to wend my way up grim, decaying flights of stairs and narrow, dingy corridors to the most dismal hotel room I have ever encountered. The second-floor corridor whiffed slightly of blocked drains. Worse still, it was a corner room at a busy road junction. So I went down to Reception and asked for another room of Executive standard, only to be told that they were fully booked and that one was not available. Fine, I said, then I'll have a partial refund in return for accepting the inferior room. No, they said, that is not possible either because the internet booking company has already deducted from your credit card. Fine, I said, then given that the over-booking problem is yours not mine, check me in at another hotel instead. But that wasn't possible either unless I paid twice!Well, I dug my heels in -- with all my British instincts for not making a fuss going into deep private trauma -- and eventually a phonecall to the manager revealed that an Executive Double was available after all. This room was, in some ways, very nice. It was stylish, recently upgraded and very clean. But it was also deeply impractical. For instance, there was no hairdryer and the plug for the kettle involved scrabbling under the dressing table. Almost the whole room was taken up with a huge king-sized bed (what DO they think 'executives' get up to on business trips to London?) with just a narrow strip of floor-space all the way round. The narrow desk doubled as a dressing-table and was dominated by a mirror. (You try studying documents in front of a large mirror!) There was no chair, just an uncomfortable multi-purpose stool. Worse, the room was separated from the one ajoining by a locked door so I could hear their bathroom noises. There were no curtains, just chic Venetian blinds which were no protection at all from the lights of the office blook opposite or the grey London dawn.And no double-glazing for noise insulation! The hideous cacaphony from the road junction and vehicles accelerating out of a nearby underpass continued well into the small hours of the night.And it didn't stop there. Having finally dropped off to sleep I was woken at four in the morning by -- guess what -- the fancy flat-screen television blaring on in an early-morning wake-up call. My little present for making a scene in the lobby the previous evening? But never mind, if that hadn't woken me, the police car racing past with siren howling a few minutes later certainly would.In the morning I tried to get internet access via the television, and failed. I called for help and a handsome-looking Slavic boy appeared, rattled the plugs ineffectually and shrugged that nothing could be done about it. My colleague, to whom I'd given the hotel switchboard number so she could ring in to my room, reported in a message to my mobile that despite repeated tries this number seemed inoperable. In other words this so-called 'Executive' room was completely useless for working in! I do think hoteliers should be dissuaded by the tourist authorities from referring to any hotel room that's recently been upgraded with a lick of paint as an 'Executive' standard room. The term should imply specific working facilities.The hotel wasn't a complete write-off -- both rooms, even the grotty one, had new bathrooms and were very clean. The Executive room was quite stylish in a batchelor fantasy sort of way and the bed, fitted out with fresh white linen, was wonderful. I also had a well-cooked and moderately priced meal in the bar downstairs.The hotel is clearly in a process of being upgraded from something barely above doss-house standard to attempted boutique chic and I can well understand that it might take a few years' reinvestment of profits to complete the process. But I am utterly at a loss to understand why the owners haven't made sound insulation their first priority; that busy road junction and the underpass entrance aren't going to go away. Until they do, avoid!	
May 4 2005	Good value for money!!!	After reading a couple of reviews of this hotel , and looking at the website , I phoned up the hotel and decided to try. The rooms are clean but small and look recently decorated. Nice Tv , internet access and a good buffet breakfast. The staff are young and friendly in a whole. It was not a bad experience as the reviews made me expect,but a decent value for my money.	
Apr 26 2005	good value for money	Ok so it may not be the hilton but other than the rooms being a bit on the small side and hotel in need on a lick of paint and brakfast being a bit mundane, its really not that bad, and its location is ideal you are near everything overall i think its good value for money.	
Mar 31 2005	your worst nightmare	We were booked to stay at this hotel two years ago but as soon as we came to the front of the hotel we new we had made a mistake.It didn,t get any better when we got inside as it was totally not what was shown on their website.The reception was basic and scruffy and we were made to pay for our room upfront before we had even set foot in it.Alarm bells were well and truly ringing when we made our way to our room as the hallway was so narrow we could almost touch both walls as we were walking to the room,claustrophobics beware.When we looked inside the room we were shocked at the size of it,four of us inside felt like sardines in a tin.The drawers were open and wouldn,t shut ,the beds were manky and the view of a brick wall put the tin hat on it.The only clean things in there were us.After clobbering my hubby for his stupidity at booking such a hell hole,we grabbed our bags and headed back to reception for a refund.Luckily for us we managed to get our money back.The chap at the desk said it happened a lot( you don,t say,well what a shock! ) but then asked us if we had used the loo as if we had then he would have to call the cleaners in,i won,t print what i said to him but he got the message.We ended up around the corner at the Ibis ,it was an improvement but if i were you i,d pay a little bit extra and get a better hotel like the plaza on hyde park,but watch out as one day after breakfast we returned to find a bunch of chinese surveying our room but that,s another review i must get around to writing.	
Mar 26 2005	Dont spend money on a small room with traffic noise	As we came they wanted us to pay in advance.Coming into the room we understood why, the rooms are 2 x 3 metres !The light worked only in the very small bathroom. Not in the least the rooms are near a very busy and noisy road, so you don't get much sleep .The breakfast was fair enough , and the staff was to one exception helpfull and understanding.Luckily we could without problems cancel our stay after the first night , and got a refund of the remaining night.Quite reliefed we left this depressing place.	
Jan 4 2005	Do they call this a hotel???	Have just stayed in this awful hotel from 28-30 December 2004 and I must say it is the worst hotel ever. I work in a hotel myself but I have to rate this as a hostel, NOT a hotel. Even hostels are better!!We arrived around noon and were told that our rooms were not ready. We stored our luggage in the smallest luggage room! i have ever seen. Since we booked executive doubles I didn't think too much of it until we returned at 14:00 to check in. First they have pre-authorized my credit card for the full amount for both rooms even due to the fact that we were there earlier and they knew we would be back - hence no no-show. Then we had to pay in advance before we could even get the keys to the rooms. I complainted about this as they already swiped my credit card as guarantee and therefore no need for pre-payment. I asked to see the room before I checked in but the incompentent receptionist told me I would be charged anyway.When we got to the rooms we found the smallest rooms (they cannot be called rooms!) - shoeboxes; so small that we couldn't even open our suitcase. In fact, there was a sliding door to the toilet because there was no space to open a normal door. The first night i found the linen dirty and went to get another. The second one was also dirty, the third was OK.WARNING - DO NOT EVER BOOK THIS HOTEL.... You will only get dissapointed.	
Dec 17 2004	Much Better	Me and my wife stayed in this hotel last year, mainly by it's location, and were a bit disapointed. This year however, i was surprised! Much better trained staff, friendly also, rooms cleaned and video on demand. The restaurant was one of the best i've eaten in UK, good environment, tasty food, and again very nice staff. Even had a talk with the manager at the restaurant to compliment him, and in the end made a friend. Also liked the breakfast, a real continental one! Would appreciate if could start a bit earlier, as i had a meeting, and it only started at 7:30. On the bad side, i've to mention the noise, and the elevator in need of improvements. The staff seemed like a family, always smiling and helpful, and the manager was one of the most pro-active i ever found. He was respected but far more important, admired. Hope it continues like this. I'll be back for sure!	
Dec 15 2004 	Don't ......	I wish I'd seen the reviews prior to my recent stay , as I can only agree with others and advise what a terrible disappointment this place is. Don't be misled by claims of a modern , relaxing hotel . This is a cheap and very nasty place , a dirty , noisy dump. The lobby looks nice but my 'executive ' Room was absolutely tiny with cheap fittings and and an ancient window pane which let in the constant roar of traffic outside . Bathroom was freezing and damp. No breakfast on the day I was there . Never again !	
Dec 2 2004	Avoid at All Costs	I too suffered the fate of arriving at the Euston Plaza to find my room reservations had mysteriously vanished! They never heard of me, but did find me in time to charge my original reservation through to my credit card. Based on the other reviews listed, it sounds like I was actually better off being stranded in London with no hotel room vs. staying there anyway.	
Nov 8 2004	Worst hotel ever stayed at	Many London hotels are not great, but this is the worst I have ever ever stayed at. Dirty rooms, had to upgrade to an executive room just to get a working telephone. It must have got its 3 stars 20 years ago. Do not visit.	
Nov 3 2004	Not up to description	I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in October and if I hadn't paid in advance would not have stayed 3 minutes. I have stayed in many hotels in many places over the years but can honestly say this was the worst. The room was small, not very clean (bedcover and blanket stained and carpet dirty) although the sheet and ONE pillow was clean and changed daily. THe shower was OK and batroom reasonable but the corridors and stairs dirty and badly in need of a coat of paint. On second night had to ask for a change of room at 3.00am because I couldnot get a wink of sleep due to the noise from the radiator. After some argument did get another room which was a bit better but still left a lot to be desired -there wasn't even a chair in this room. Breakfast was poor - had to make my own toast in an old dirty toaster! Very poor value for rate paid. Staff were friendly enough but obviously struggling with poor facilities. The location is good but my advice: dont stay here - there are many many cheaper and much better options in the area.	
Sep 30 2004	London at night	This place does not give you all you would expect from a london hotel. The nicest place to be is the foyer, the rooms are small and grotty, the staff are miserable (management) and the electricity and telephones are not reliable, in all a terrible stay.	
Sep 18 2004	Heaven help us!!	The room was filthy with what appeared to be feces on the spread. Construction noise from 8 to 5. Very very small. My wife felt we lucky we didn't leave with lice. We are extensive travelers and this was by far the worst room we have ever stayed in.	
Sep 18 2004	Horror story at Euston	I selected this place on a hotel listing web site, describing itself as a modern haven of relaxation and all in most enticing terms. When we arrived there on July 11th after a weary journey we were looking forward to a nice relaxing evening. I felt uneasy from the mopment I touched the front door as it was streaked with dirt. The reception was gloomythought the young staff were pleasant enough. Before I could literally utter a reservation my credit card was requested and swiped for the full amount for a 4 day stay. At that stage I should have smelt a rat as I had never before had to pay in advance like this. But to our horror we discovered the reason for this policy is that few would be willing to pay on discovering what a dirty horrible, filthy kip of a place this so-called hotel really is. We grew increasingly apprehensive as we made our way to our appointed room, such was the stench from mouldy carpets, the peeling paintwork on corridor walls and grime laced glass of any windows en route. The tiny kip of a room was the last straw. One could just about handle small and pokey but the dirt of what I would call a 'grime scene' certainly not. We knew immediately, no debate needed, that we just could not stay there. We went to rescue the situation financially but were initially told we would have to seek any refund from the internet company. We were told that they had better rooms but we had no choice but to decline as the whole place and its 'facilities' had all the charm of a dump. We wanted to get out of there despite the inconvenience to a middle aged couple having nowhere to go at 7.30 pm of an evening in London. WE looked for a full refund and finally we were conceded a partial refund. We have spent the last 8 weeks trying to recover the full amount. We did not cancel in the normal sense, We arrived and so fulfilling our obligation only to discover we were victims of gross misrepresentation as to the nature and quality of this place. The internet hotel agency did try on our behalf to get a refund but without success but what disappoints me is that the same misleading/grossly inaccurate description of this dump remains on their site. The only satisfacvtion that now remains to me is if by this review I can save any other visitor from unwittingly being duped by this place. Please , dont even think about it, dump it from your itinerary now.	
Jul 19 2004	Stay Away...Unless you want to be swindled		
Apr 13 2004	Nice Staff not great hotel		
Mar 19 2004	Look elsewhere!		
Feb 16 2004	Basic Budget Buster		
Nov 16 2003	Good Hotel on a Budget		
Oct 17 2003	Dont Go to this ***		
Mar 3 2003	Euston Hotel The Pits		
Sep 13 2002	I recommend it!		
Nov 24 2009 	impec		
Oct 24 2009 	Una buena opción calidad-precio para Londres		
Oct 20 2009 	????????		
Sep 25 2009 	Habitaciones pequeñas pero limpias		
Sep 25 2009 	Excellent		
Sep 21 2009 	Excellent compromis !!		
Aug 16 2009 	Bon rapport qualité/prix		
Aug 14 2009 	?????		
Aug 2 2009 	Simple  bon rapport qualité prix		
Jul 16 2009 	Lavoro Lavoro Lavoro		
May 3 2009 	Muy correcto para dormir y descansar buen desayuno		
Apr 14 2009 	Accueillant correct je recommande !		
Mar 31 2009 	buon hotel!		
Jan 19 2009 	Bon rapport qualité / prix		
Jan 19 2009 	???????????????		
Nov 15 2008 	Bien		
Jun 1 2008 	bon compromis		
Apr 11 2008 	Sommeil léger s'abstenir		
Feb 6 2008 	camere piccolissime		
Jan 30 2008 	Nos encantó		
Nov 21 2007	Si vous n'avez pas le choix!!		
