	In a word - disappointing.	I stayed at the TMA for one night on Sunday 29th November for a business trip. I've used, and been satisfied with, Thistle hotels previously but this was different. At check-in, which to be fair was courteous and reasonably quick, I was told that I was being upgraded at no cost to a superior room - jolly good. Not so jolly when I arrived at the room itself. Although undeniably large, including a seating area with sofa, the room was very scruffy and long overdue for a refurbishment. Had I not arrived at 9-15 p.m. (later than I'd hoped) and been leaving first thing the next morning, I'd have rejected it. In several places the wallpaper was lifting from the seams; there was considerable staining of the decor and ceiling adjacent to, and leading from, the aircon unit; the bathroom was very tired but the most apparent defect was the appalling state of the principal table, the wardrobe and, to a slightly lesser degree, the bedside tables. All were chipped, stained, damaged and visually dreadful. The main table was fit only for firewood. Also, bizarrely, the tv couldn't be orientated to be viewable from the bed. If you wanted to watch it, it was the sofa or nothing. (The mattress on the bed was ludicrously soft too, but hey, maybe that's just me).It had been explained to me that the room was &quot;much, much better&quot; than the room I'd booked...I wouldn't want to see that one!The breakfast was ok...no more, but the staff in the restaurant were friendly and efficient, as was the check out clerk.There is no way that this is a 4 star hotel - I was charged £148 for the room and breakfast which was excessive for such a poor experience. The staff were markedly better than the infrastructure of the hotel itself - my room was bordering on unacceptable for a (so called) 4 star hotel from such a high-profile chain. I won't be back to this hotel. I'm staying in another Thistle hotel in Liverpool in 2 weeks time with my son - if that doesn't deliver, Thistle can forget my custom.	
	Need a reconstruction	Furring on a bathroom taps, worn out room. Just 4 lifts in large hotel - waiting away. Unbelievable breakfast eating room - looked like a dining hall in a factory.	
	Good value for money if you upgrade	I booked a Standard room and upon check in I was offer an upgrade wich i first decline, however after going to my room I went back to the reception and ask for an upgrade I pay a resonable amount and I must to say the difference between the rooms are huge not only in terms of size but also the state of the room, so if you want a bit of comfort go for the upgrade	
	Overpriced poor service jaded hotel	Location was perfect for an early morning appointment at the American Embassy for a working visa.In all other aspects the Thistle, Marble Arch never failed to disappoint. Check in took forever, the room was shoddy and dated. The dining room was too small for the size of the hotel, tables crammed together. Breakfast was like a rugby scrum, walking around in circles trying to find a table that wasn't being used to store dirty dishes.Ridiculously overpriced, existing on it's location, and you have to pay for internet !!!!	
Nov 24 2009 	Decent hotel but beware of the "upgrade"	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights for a business event, which was also organised in the same hotel. I travel a lot and found the hotel okay, but not quite living up to the standard you would expect. First of all it is a huge hotel, and I tend to prefer smaller establishments. The distance from the lifts to my room felt very long. At check-in I was asked if I wanted an upgrade to a better room for £20. I said no. I was then offered an &quot;upgrade&quot; to a &quot;larger room with 2 single beds&quot; free of charge. I accepted, and the room was indeed larger although with hindsight it was a mistake as the single beds were quite narrow. The room itself was okay, but a bit worn, the bathroom definitely in need of an update. Strangely, there was a bar cupboard which contained glasses and tea-making equipment - but only an empty space where the minibar was supposed to be. The bed, however, was good and the room blissfully silent - until the family moved in next door with shouting kids and a woman who had a particularly loud voice. All this could be heard clearly in my room. Service generally was helpful and friendly, except on the occasion where I wanted to use the internet (not having a laptop). At the business centre I was advised that I needed to purchase a voucher from the reception downstairs, but that there were also 2 terminals in the lobby that I could use free of charge. Great, I thought, just wanting to check my emails. However, at reception I was told that they did not have any vouchers and that there were no free-of-charge computers. They did not even try to help with my problem and in the end I gave up. On the plus side, the meeting arrangements were handled very nicely and the conference staff were friendly, so bonus points for that. Also, the buffet lunch we had on the Saturday was good quality. My main complaint really was to do with reception and the fact that with those crowds the place feels quite impersonal - despite the nice vintage decor. All in all: it's an okay hotel in an excellent location if you like shopping on Oxford Street or the surrounding area. I could stay there again, but probably won't as London is full of hotels and it's expensive for what it is. There've got to be others that give you a better service and a more personal touch for the same price. A qualified recommendation.	
Nov 23 2009 	Absolutely shocking customer service	all i have to say is they didnt have my reservation when i arrived, no-one in the hotel can speak english and the housekeeping staff have terrible attitudes! the hotel asked me to send my card details over e-mail then when i refused and asked for another method to pay, they sent my very expensive black trousers i left behind to the charity shop! they obviously have no clue about fraud and it makes me wonder what they do with peoples bank details once they have them. if you choose to stay here be vary careful with your chosen method of payment! i will never go back!	
Nov 19 2009 	Fine - if you like very large hotels	This hotel was better than I had expected it to be. The room was spacious, well equipped and comfortable. Although I had one of the rooms overlooking Oxford Street, with the windows shut, there was not really enough noise to disturb sleep. I (and my other colleagues) were offered an &quot;upgrade&quot; to a room with two single beds - it seems that they have more twin bedded rooms than they need and not enough double-bedded rooms. It wasn't at all clear what the upgrade was, as it didn't seem to be an executive room - I guess that it might just have been a bit larger than a double room. The television offered a good choice of TV and Radio channels. The Art-Deco decor runs all the way through the hotel and makes a pleasant change from some rather more bland hotels. The negatives are mainly to do with the size of the hotel. Check in was slow - both waiting to be served - there was a queue despite the fact that there were at least 6 receptionists on duty - and the process itself took rather longer than it does in most hotels. Breakfast was a frenetic experience, and at times there was quite a queue of people waiting to be seated. Whilst there seemed to be plenty of staff on duty, some of the items ran out and took a while to be replaced. The orange juice was watered down, by the addition of Ice cubes and so was rather tasteless as a result. The foyer was also rather noisy. Finally, there can be quite a long walk to the rooms. Overall, I'd be very happy to stay here again (for the room), but slow check-in and chaotic breakfast make the idea les appealing.	
Nov 18 2009 	Great Location and Nice breakfast spread	This hotel is really near to Oxford street. Great if u want to go out shopping. For hop on n off bus, the bus stop is not that near. We end up walking to Hyde Park and then to Victoria (if thats the correct one i remember) for the hop on n off bus.The hotel is just average. The chair looks a bit too old, the bed is okay and the tv is very small which seem to be like London n Europe standard.Toilet is spacious,Most of the major shopping malls closed at 8pm and only a few smaller shops close at 9pm.The reception at the hotel is pretty friendly. When we have to leave early for the 2nd day at 5am, we are asked by reception if we like to have our breakfast packed. Thus, we are able to have some breads, jams and yougurt after checking out.The breakfast buffet has a good selection of foods. I think this is the hotel so far with the most number of dishes. Quality is good too.	
Nov 9 2009 	Great location 	Very recomendable hotel. Location great, staff attentive despite it is almosta hotel factory. Rooms are good, nice size. Take care you donot have a room facing Oxford Street. That could be very noisy. Look they allocate you in an inside court room.	
Nov 9 2009 	Rude staff!! If they offer you an upgrade for a fee check your room first. You may already have been upgraded!!	We stayed at the hotel last weekend. We had booked 2 standardrooms. When we checked in at 21.00hr friday, the girl at the reception first looked at the computer for a looong time. Typing and typing. Then she asked me if I wanted to upgrade. I asked what an upgrade would mean. She said it was a big difference between the standardrooms and the executiverooms. The executive was a much better room. Bigger and renovated. I only had to pay 30pounds per night. I accepted to upgrade our room, but said I would keep the standardroom for our sons. I understand, the receptionist said. They don't ned that extra luxury! Our room was ok, but I was very surprised when it turned out that my sons had exactly the same room. I went down to the reception again, and confronted them. They used a long time in front of the computer, and then told me that my sons had got an free upgrade. How strange, why didn't they tell me this in the first place! i said that my theory was that they were sold out of standardrooms when I checked in, and that I would have automatically got an upgrade. But instead they tried to make me pay 60 pounds for it. The receptionist did not deny this!! I told her that I did not accept this, so she said- ok- you will not have to pay extra for the upgrade. When I checked out sunday, the upgrade fee was on my bill!! I talked to the customer relation manager, and told him the whole story. He said: ok, you won't have to pay, but next time I will make sure that you're not beeing upgraded. What kind of behavior is that?? I told him- it won't be a next time!! He then said- well that's up to you..LONDON IS FULL OF NICE HOTELS, AVOID THIS ONE!!!!	
Nov 9 2009 	favorite european hotels	elegant in a subtle way, clean, 2 blocks from tube , center of shopping	
Nov 6 2009 	Great location - shame about the staff on reception.	I stayed at the Marble Thistle on business so can't comment too much on the price.The location is very central and excellent for shopping and seeing the sights.My room was clean and kept well-stocked with tea-making facilities and toiletries.I didn't find any problems with queuing for breakfast as previous reviewers have mentioned and the food was good.I felt safe as a lone female traveler and had plenty of offers of help with my bags etc from the door staff.However, on both check in and check out I found the receptionists very hard work, especially when there was a problem as I was leaving.It's a shame when the guest's first and last point of contact with the hotel can't manage a smile and a few civil words, yet the cleaning staff who are probably earning a lot less were very polite and friendly.	
Nov 4 2009 	great location	excellent location good value would stay again.cant comment on food didnt eat at hotel.	
Oct 30 2009 	Bad chioce	great location , near the oxford and bond street ..really un welcoming staff , so rude , not friendlyroom keepig are not clean	
Oct 27 2009 	Great location for shoppers	I stayed because I was attending a conference at the hotel, I had a deluxe room on the second floor, the room was well equipped, had tea making facilities which is great because I wake up earlier usually than the resturant opens. Good bathroom. My room overlooked Primark on Oxford Street, so the opportunity for shopping would have been fabulous if only I had been able to get away from my conference!However there were a few things that were not so good, one was that my room smelt terribly of drains and I had to leave the plug in the sink to stop it. The service from the staff at the hotel was in the main very good but one or two areas need attention. I asked for a taxi to be ordered as I had a tight train departure time, was told it was uneccessary because the taxi rank outside had plenty of taxis, but not it seems at the time I needed one and the door man seemed to diasappear when we were all waiting for cabs. I got the feeling that the taxi was not ordered because they could not be bothered. I had to carry my heavy bag down a steep flight of stairs to get out of the building and no member of staff offered assistance. I got to the resturant early for breakfast which was just as well because later the queue was horrendous for what seemed like hours.All in all I would use this hotel again though it represented very good value for money and I just wish I could have used it for a base for shopping!	
Oct 23 2009 	Superb location. Outstanding Wheelchair Accomodation. Very tired and shabby.	We have stayed here several times in the past. The location is unbeatable: a few steps from the Marble Arch tube station and the shopping on Oxford Street. The wheelchair friendly Accessible room is outstanding: very spacious roll-in shower (we based our new remodeled bathroom on its design), easy-to-use sink and mirrors, and plenty of room to maneuver in the room. The staff is helpful. Unfortunately, the rooms are quite run down, with deteriorating trim, chipped electrical outlets, grungy carpeting, drafty windows. Those in our group who sampled the breakfast had some good experiences, although a percentage of the hard-boiled eggs were raw, and the lines were lengthy. Our one foray to the bar was greeted with indifferent service and overpriced drinks. The clientele has gotten more seedy as well, with much late night noise and vomit-splashed elevators carrying binge-drinkers. We desperately hope the lack of maintenance is due to an unannounced major refurbishment for the Olympics, because otherwise we will have to find a replacement for this old standby.	
Oct 19 2009 	Best avoided if you can..worn out!	This is a typical mass market hotel. The reception area is fine (but large queues at peak times for check in) but go upstairs and you will find well worn corridors and well worn rooms. The suite I had was spacious but intensely used, old fashioned and had a feeling that made me hesitant to take off my socks and walk anywhere. There were no drinks in fridge or frills. The bathroom was true 1970s and the an air of mustyness. The front desk staff and concierge were all very helpful. I was asked on check out if I had enjoyed my stay - I asked it to be recorded that the rooms were scruffy and worn. For the price I paid I can think of several alternative hotels which are cleaner and make you feel you want to relax in the rooms. Can't recommend at all.	
Oct 18 2009 	Little Care for Guests - Refuses Its Promised Rate Guarantee	I saw the reviews as to bad service at the hotel, and had no choice given that friends had already booked. The hotel advertises that it offers the best rate guarantee, and I thus checked its website, as well as trip advisor comparisons. Two sites had a rate of £50 less, for the same room on the same day. When I telephoned the hotel, they gave a song and dance about how rates fluctuate minute by minute, and all the rooms were sold out anyway. Yet Expedia and Hotel.com DID offer, until the afternoon of my arrival, the £50 lesser rate. I telephoned the hotel to meet its advertised claim of 'best rate', and the manager snippily refused. I rang the main reservation line to see if they'd meet the best rate, and they called another on-site manager, who also refused. I called the Thistle corporate offices, and they &quot;promised&quot; to get back to me with a matching offer, given that their experience was that the staff 'were rude; we are sorry'. They never returned the call.Thistle never compromised, and my friends (who covered the stay) had to pay the higher cost. Even the front desk manager refused to budge when I checked in with my colleagues, despite available rooms until then.Never have I experienced a hotel that went out of its way to NOT help guests with matching rates. Times are hard, and people need to save wherever possible. Thistle offers no upgrades, no frequent guest programme, no affiliations. As for the hotel amenities?The rooms are old and stale. Carpets were dirty. The beds are so low quality that merely sitting on the bed means it flies across the room, and I'm only 120 lbs. The twin beds are so skinny that there is no room for stretching in any way, let alone turning over at night (watch out if you're a tossing and turning sleeper).There is no duvet, and only a cover that looks like a duvet but is pathetically thin. Maximum 2 inch thickness, and this is autumn. There is not even a bedcover to add to give extra weight or warmth. Does the hotel provide any extra blanket in the wardrobe? No, nothing. Trying to telephone housekeeping left me ringing endlessly, as no one picked up.Heating up? Yes, but it made zero difference because the thermostat was broken.The bathrooms were relatively clean on the surface, but clearly had black mould around the tubs and sinks that just get wiped over and never dealt with. And the towels were like scratchy sandpaper...and not a flannel/washcloth in sight! One bath towel and one hand towel, and that was it. I was afraid that someone's bodily fluids were still on the floor from the day before; it was that loosely cleaned.The reception desk means you pass through throngs and groups of people, because of the lay-out. It looks busy and popular, and I'm sure it is. It's the kind of hotel for conferences and airline crews - those who need mass bookings on a frequent basis. Spend a few extra £ if necessary, but don't stay here. The staff is not unhelpful; they're outright hostile.There are hundreds of hotels in London,so choose another. In one of the best locations in London, this hotel may make your stay a misery, certainly if for more than one night.	
Oct 15 2009 	Stay away if possible	I've stayed in this hotel several times before and it was OK when you consider the prime location of it. However, during this last stay it was extremely horrible. The room is tiny the bed sheets were dirty and the quality of service was not as good as it was few years back.We stayed in a family room me, mywife and our two boys 3 and 6 years of age. For the rate we paid (250 pounds) per night one would expect at least clean bed sheets.I gave this a 2/5 rating only cuz of the location. My advise for everyone stay away if you can.	
Oct 10 2009 	Proximity to Oxford St is excellent but the staff at this Hotel were not very friendly.	We had a &quot;family room&quot; which consisted of 1 King size bed and a double fold out bed for the kids (which wasn't comfortable). The room was clean and serviced daily. It was very close to oxford street and the buses &amp; underground. The Full English Breakfast that was included was really good, but the service was not great.	
Oct 6 2009 	Ready for a rehab.	Travelled to London on Oct 1, 2009 and stayd at the Thistle MArble Arch for 4 nights. The hotel was chosen primarily for location and ability to have three people in a room (not always available in London hotels). We went to visit our son/brother who is studying in London and lives near the Marble Arch. The hotel ended up being 2-3 blocks from his flat, so that worked out great. We arrived at the Hotel around 12 pm after flying all night from the US. They did not have my reservation for 3 people, had 17 year old daughter with us, which was the reason for picking that hotel. They were able to accommodate us and we actually upgraded to their Executive level. The room was a nice size for a London hotel room with a king bed, sofa bed, desk, etc. Other than the lobby area, the hotel is looking shabby and is in need of a refurbishment! They knew we had three people in theroom, but only ever left 2 towels. We had to call for linens for sofa bed, even though room was not ready when we checked in-for 3 people! Missed a wake-up call one morning. Luckily we had a back-up. Overall, we only really slept there and the location worked for us, but there are much nicer hotels for the money in London.	
Sep 29 2009 	pleasantly surprised	I wasn't expecting anything from this hotel as I'd booked it last minute, through last minute.com who had it as their 'top secret' hotels. I wanted somewhere central to stay as we were going to the theatre and it was a really nice place. I think our room must have been upgraded as it was really quite big with a nice sized bathroom and huge bed. We overlooked a busy nightclub downstairs, but windows kept the bulk of the noise out. Reception staff a bit slow, but didn't cause a problem. Would recommend it for short breaks to the city.	
Sep 23 2009 	gret hotel good food	this hotel was lovely and in a great location breakfast was excellent would stay here again	
Sep 20 2009 	Great location tired hotel	Stayed here for 1 night 10 of us on an organised theatre break.This hotel is fantastically situated however it is very tired and in need desperate need of refurbishment.Service and food poor.Like a holiday camp style breakfast free for all and ran out of crockery glasses and food quickly.	
Sep 20 2009 	Great location but rooms and breakfast was disappointing	The hotel's location was great as it was only 1 minute walk from Oxford Street. We must say that the level of service was acceptable and the staff seemed friendly enough. The rooms unfortunately were a bit of a let down as they were tatty and they clearly needed a refurbishment. The Hotel's gym was small but it had everything that you might need to carry out a good workout. We must say that having Wifi in all the rooms is quite convenient. Breakfast was very disappointing...we expected much more from a Thistle!!!	
Sep 17 2009 	Central for shopping not great for dining	Great hotel, close to Paddington so easy from Heathrow using the Heathrow express. It took me 25 mins from leaving passport control to check-in.Tubes just outside and right on Oxford Street so bring your credit cards. Staff are super helpful. Food was okay but rooms are tiny, but okay for London.Very easy to get around London from here, just remember restaurants close early and there are few close by so give yourself half and hour before midnight to catch a tube back before the stations close.	
Sep 15 2009 	Dont eat in the hotel better places elsewhere	Stayed in hotel 2 nights 6th/7th September, most of the hotels I wanted to stay in were fully booked. Because of confusion over 'account back to company' I was upgraded to Executive double, unfortunately next to the lift shaft and suffered constant noise throughout the night.Breakfast was a nightmare, very small dining space for number of guests staying. Very busy, felt like a holiday camp lots of tourists, not good if on business, queued to be seated, self service, had to ask for a banana limited healthy choice.Dinner 1st night selected simple chicken &amp; veg which was good, not happy about 12.5% service charge as it went over company allowance I had tried to stay under.Dinner 2nd night I had carvery- big mistake, the seafood starter had frozen prawns and tasted of nothing. Had to wait for one of the 2 chefs to decide who was going to be inconvenienced first and serve me. Beef and lamb serving had loads of fat,veg had been kept warm,some were just tepid and there wasn'y any gravy. The whole meal was self service and guess what? yep a 12.5% service charge. I hate Toby Pub carveries but they offer much better value than this 4* hotel.I may be being picky but I ordered a diet coke with dinner as I had work to do later, it was served in a half pint beer glass and the waitress was not too impressed when I poured it into a wine glass.The restaurant staff don't have any customer skills beyond the question 'Did you enjoy your meal madam?' because when you give a negative response they just shrug their shoulders and smile nervously. I'm afraid it isn't good enough when my stay cost £190 per night for DBB and the 2nd morning I skipped breakfast and ate out. I would rather return home to South Yorkhire and travel back the next day than stay overnight at this hotel again. Not only would I not recommend this hotel I would positively advise friends to avoid it.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great Location poor hotel	Stayed here for overnight theatre trip with 2 friends, location is great as hotel is right off Oxford Street but thats the only good point for me and my friends.Entrance to hotel is nice and foyer and 1st floor are quite plush but the rooms are dated and a bit grubby. We had a non smoking room but the smell of smoke was still in the room, you could even smell smoke in the bedding although the sheets were clean.We did not even get a smile or a hello from the concierge, how different from the Marriott who go out of their way to make everyone feel wecome and are very helpful with everything you may need.Would not stay here again, will go back to the Marriott (only reason we did not stay yhere was there was no availabability).	
Sep 13 2009 	nice experience	Back home from a wonderfull London- weekend! Very happy with the hotel, the good service and nice hotelstaff. The room , with a kingsize bed, was spacious and clean. The location perfect. We will use this hotel for our next visit to London!	
Sep 11 2009 	Sevice let this place down	This hotel is in a great location for anything you wish to do in London. Very plush reception area with nice seating. Staff at reception were fine. I had a junior suite which was very comfortable. Bathroom was ok for size but expected a bit more in a suite. Sound control did not work in bathroom for tv. The living room was fine with a good TV, mini bar, sofa and armchair.Main room had three beds which were comfortable, though I only slept in one but they were all singles. My only issue with room was the lighting. Switching off lights from panel beside bed was impossible.Now for the restaurant. Price was ok for a london hotel but the food was just ok. I had off the main menu but my colleagues had the carvery. Go for the carvery. Better value. The service was terrible. Not very courteous to anyone. They were not attentive and we felt we were being hurried so they could go home as this was 10pm.I would stay here again but eat elsewhere.If the service had been better, then I would say this was a good hotel but it wasn't.	
Sep 4 2009 	Good location dated rooms but ok	Stayed two nights here with the intent of doing Theatre and shopping precinct. Found hotel to present a plush foyer and long tastefull corridors to rooms, however the rooms themselves were tired but clean and comfy enough.Our travelling companions had a room that was a smokers and ask to be transferred, that being done without fuss and with an apology, allat around midnight!!Eatery was good with a nice selection for breakfast or carvery/ a la carte at night.It was interesting to note that many middle eastern people stay her. perhaps a reflection of the ownership?	
Sep 3 2009 	TopClass	I,stayed,with,my,sister,and,a,few,friends,the,hotel,is,absolutley,excellent,our,roo,was,a,good,size,nice,bathroom,plus,they,still,have,smoking,rooms,the,staff,are,very,friendly,location,is,very,convenient,stayed,on,the,7th,floor,lift,was,a,little,walk,away,but,not,a,problem,will,def,stay,again!!	
Sep 2 2009 	Central location the only real plus point	A disappointing and overpriced hotel compensated to some degree by a central location. Situated a minutes walk from Oxford St and from Marble Arch tube the location of this hotel would suggest it may be an ideal base for exploring the capital. Unfortunately for the cost of the room i would suggest looking elsewhere. At well over £100 with no breakfast included i had an expectation that the hotel would offer me something other than &quot;a roof over my head&quot; but was left very disappointed by the whole experience.Upon checking into the hotel i was informed &quot;you will be pleased to know you have been upgraded&quot; which although unecessary came as a nice surprise. When i got to my room, which despite being an apparent 4* hotel i was left to carry my bags to, this clearly wasn't the case. The room was bland and although it had adequate space it had depressing decor and did not even have a street view, instead a view of some generators! If this was the upgrade i am unsure what the standard room at this cost would be! The facilities in the room were poor; when using the shower it was hand held and for anyone over 5ft 9 you needed to crouch down to use it, the ironing board provided was inadequate in size, only one small towell was provided in the bathroom and the shower leaked onto the floor when used In addition the bedside light did not work, necessitating trying to find the bed in the pitch black! The facilities and view were what i would have expected of a 2* hotel and certainly were more akin to budget accomodation than any indication of luxury. The only redeeming points were its central location, the amount of space in the room and a good hearty breakfast comprising of a variety of hot ingredients. For business travel or for someone simply wanting a good location it may not be a disaster to stay here although i would say that based on my experience it will not be enjoyable and is not worth the money they charge. I would advise shopping around for another central London hotel	
Aug 28 2009 	good quality hotel	I don't know what all the fuss is about. This is a good quality hotel. Clean, tidy and staff very helpful. All of those who didn't like this hotel are obviously fussy. Don't be scared away from this hotel. It is about 1 minutes walk from the Marble Arch and 20 seconds from M&amp;S, Oxford Street.	
Aug 27 2009 	Good convention hotel	When I read some of the recent bad reviews, I find it hard to believe I stayed in the same hotel.I spent seven nights at a convention, and I can't fault the hotel's convention arrangements (rooms, catering) at all.The room (509) was clean and comfortable, certainly none of the rust, bugs or bad smells other reviewers have mentioned.The breakfast room is a little disorganized but the food is good. The bar is pleasant.The street noise can be a problem at night if you like fresh air; traffic is heavy. Note that some rooms are VERY FAR away from the elevator.	
Aug 24 2009 	Good for a weekend in London	We stayed overnight on a trip up to town and were pleased with our choice. The hotel was conveniently located; staff were very friendly and helpful. Our room was a good size, had all the usual stuff in it, and although it wasn't up to 'boutique' hotel standards of decor, to be frank we hadn't paid for that anyway! The only downside for us was the high cost of breakfast .... we went round the corner to Pret a Manger.	
Aug 8 2009 	Dirtiest hotel I have ever stayed in!!! Do not stay there!!!!	This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in! It was so dirty, then bathrooms were not cleaned before we arrived, hair and stuff still on the floors as well as garbage still in the garbage can. We had two rooms both equally gross! We had prepaid otherwise we would have moved! The curtains had blood on them and we didn't close them because we didn't dare touch them! When you looked out the window you would swear it had been a prison or mental hospital! The lobby was beautiful but don't be fooled!! No breakfast. When we checked out they tried to make us pay again! Even though at check in it was confirmed we had prepaid!? Don't stay here! We are easy going but this was bad! Too bad the location is fantastic so close to Oxford St and all the great shopping!	
Aug 5 2009 	Comfortable Quiet and very satisfactory	This was our 2nd stay at Thistle Marble Arch (The last one being in July 2002). As we recalled, it was a nice place. So, this being our 2nd trip to London, we checked the reviews, remembered our 1st experience, and decided this is where we want to stay for 4 nights. We found everything about the Thistle to be very good. We arrived earlier in the day than the noted check in time and our requested &quot;deluxe&quot; room was not prepared. The receptionist offerred up &quot;lesser&quot; rooms (2 single beds rather than 1 queen) if we wanted to check in early or wait for our request. No problem, we decided to wait. We were provided our request of an upper floor (6th floor), deluxe room, 1 queen bed. We chose a room considered to be an &quot;inner room&quot; - no street view, only looking into the center section which was nothing more than lower roofs, drain pipes, other windows of rooms with the same view, etc. Again, we knew this and we didn't mind. This made for NO street noise as some of the outer rooms had. The room was very clean, very neat, new looking and all was in nice working order. They do not normally provide &quot;wash-cloths / face cloths&quot;, but when we requested some, they were brought right to us and we were asked if we wanted these provided each day. We said yes and they were. No charge. We did purchase the &quot;breakfast&quot; option as this is something we prefer and like when we stay in hotels - mostly as a convenience so we don't have to look for breakfast spots each day. The breakfast buffett was pretty much the same each and every one of our 4 mornings. One thing we did notice were the &quot;reviews&quot; about the breakfast situations. Many were not pleasing to read. However, we didn't find too many issues or problems with each breakfast morning. It was simple in many ways - not too many choices, but enough to make you &quot;full&quot;. One thing we did notice was that table clearing was not particularly prompt and dirty tables were left for periods of time which sometimes caused a &quot;back-log&quot; of patrons looking for clean places to sit. Overall, our experience with breakfast was fine. BUT,...if you want to save a few bucks and you don't mind walking around the corner, there are a few places to get some simple breakfast for far less than the hotel price. If we stay there again, we would definitely opt out of the breakfast option and go around the area of the hotel. There are places to get food. The hotel location is pretty good. It's very close to bus stops and an underground station. We used the underground for all of our London town travels. It was nice just to exit at the stop and have the hotel right there. It's also right on Oxford street. One of the main shopping streets in London. ALL in all, we were very satisfied with our stay and would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 27 2009 	Terrible Hotel not worth the expensive rate!	The Thistle marble arch is an old, run down hotel with many difficiencies. The bathrooms are moldy and rusting, very small. The shower hardly puts any water out. There are not washrags. The iron sticks to clothes, the fridge doesnt stay cold. The bed (a double) is tiny, even though we checked in with 2 adults and one child. The wireless internet is NOT Free! At least the air conditioner works well!	
Jul 10 2009 	Excellent location - very helpful staff	We booked this hotel via Superbreaks which was an expensive way to do it. The staff on reception - Sharon- porters/concierge/dinner waiters were very helpful. Room was very good, the decor was a little tired in Rm 877 but housekeeping was fine. Breakfast is poorly organised as there is not enough supervision, tables not relaid quickly, buffet not replenished. I wouldn't take the breakfast option as £15.95 is very expensive. However the Pre Theatre Carvery is really good value- £14.95 before 7pm	
Jul 10 2009 	Shock 	Arrived in London excited to catch a show and do some sight seeing. Checked into hotel, family room with 3 single beds. Woke up following morning sharing bed with adult and baby lice, and covered in bites. Bathrooms were grubby with mould in corners. Our room was changed for an identical one on the same floor, and antihistamine cream was given to us for the bites,&amp; we were refunded for 1 night, but no followup was forthcoming, and that's poor service in my book.	
Jul 6 2009 	Good location with good perks	I stayed at the Thistle for one night as a stop over on a longer trip. The hotel is right near oxford/bond street and it is a bustling area. There are a number of shops and restaurants right outside of the hotel in addition to the snack, coffee, and restaurants in the hotel. The breakfast and internet were too expensive but there is a Pret a manger right at the corner with good eats and free wifi. I highly recommend this as an alternative. There is a gym which is serviceable and decent tvs with a variety of channels. No real view from the room, but I could hear the sounds of the music festival from Hyde Park which could be good or bad. It was in within walking distance to Hyde Park, Piccadilly Circus, and Herrods. I walked to all three in a day and Hyde Park was a great respite. The Hotel had smoking and non-smoking rooms as well as in room ironing boards, safes, and blow dryers. The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly and I had no problem with an early check-in. The tube station is right near the hotel, and the taxi ride from the airport was a little pricey (~60 pounds).	
Jul 6 2009 	Disorder of the Thistle and do not get pricked?	I would advise against recommending the Thistle chain, personally or professionally - overpriced, old in Level One section, poor customer service reactions by staff - owned by a Malaysian, and currently losing hotels from their chain, and a company, not prepared, in the economic situation, to upgrade Level One rooms to match Levels 2-8. I also wrote to the General Manager Michael Parker - using the Thistle resources - making the point that issues with clients must be followed up before three days etc etc  I was finally spoken to by the Food and Beverage Manager, Konstantinos Vais (incidentally an Australian - who worked with Novotel hotel chain in Australia) from Thistle Marble Arch and offered a discount (I refused - I wanted the problems fixed) - he insisted on a dinner - by way of an apology. I did not take breakfast after the first day's trauma with bodyhairs in the scrambled eggs. I compiled a series of complaints in letter form to the General Manager, Michael Clark. to the management about: 1.lack of an electric jug when tea making facilities in room available; 2.dripping taps from old plumbing throughout the night; 3.knob fell off Air Cooling Heating unit - not allowing adjustment was not fixed for my entire stay resulting in sleepless nights - sent to the reception and finally left with recepetion; 4.body hairs in the scrambled egg at breakfast bar;***5.intruder in my room using a chair, and one of the windows to gain access to the central courtyard, whilst I was in the shower -when confronted claimed to be a cleaner etc 6.indifferent actions/directions by staff -Food and Beverage Manager referred to Australians and New Zealanders as having a 'cringe' mentality when staying if fine hotels - I found offensive etc I am preparing a case for resolution through a variety of agencies.	
Jul 5 2009 	Great location nice hotel terrible staff!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	I booked this hotel through superbreak as a package for one night to see take that at wembley. staff very unhelpful messed us about with our rooms concierge really unhelpful as I said great location so centrl not so good to travel back from wembley though along with 86,000 people	
Jun 28 2009 	I'd never recommend it to a friend and maybe not even to an enemy	The hotel is very old and desperately needs updating, please please please DO NOT EVER THINK OF GOING THERE. The hotel is smelly, noisy, and the total opposite of clean. Checking in is a disaster, friendly untrained staff will give a headache. The only good thing is the location, but condition of the hotel is terrible, moldy walls furniture and floors all over, the whole hotel smells like mold. most of the services you have to do your self, the concierge does not help you with anything, they simply give you the shortest most unhelpful answer ever or give a telephone number which you can call yourself and get information. its like living in a 1 star hotel but paying for a 5 star. ANYONE WHOS THINKING OF STAYING THEREDONTITS NOT WORTH IT ALL	
Jun 28 2009 	Nice but could be better	I just came back from London and had 5 nights in Thistle Marble Arch. The hotel is just around the corner from Oxford Street and Marble Arch Tune Station. It's a good place for shopping and someone who likes to walk (Hyde Park and Buckingham Palce are not far away). Staff, though, was not very friendly. Apart from two brazilians doormen who were very helpful, I had a big disppointment with the others - specially the concierge who was very rude on the phone (they leave a folder in your room saying you can dial an extension number for theatre tickets and when you do, they say you can only buy tickets or get information if you come down). Pus, I had to buy an adapter to charge my mobile, because they didn't have for all the customers (big big mistake!!). Room was ok, although they could improve the bathroom. Same to breakfast, where they play Sinatra everyday (very good choice, by the way).	
Jun 24 2009 	smelly and unwanted room mates ......	I was promised a deluxe room but instead was given a family room as larger and by inference an upgrade. My room was such a let down and was best suited for someone with no sense of smell who hates views. The furnishings and decor were tired and frankly smelled of too many people and too little cleaning and just simply never being aired. Mysterious bites next morning were an unexpected souvenir. Breakfast at £16.95 was poor and coffee served from a thermos with flaking chrome and stains was in keeping. Not a happy 2 star experience in a 4 star hotel.	
Jun 22 2009 	Nice Place	Decent hotel. Not the greatest at 200 quid a night. Location is good, near shopping district. Couple of nice clubs below the hotel. Rooms were nice but nothing to scream about. The room service people charged us 5 quid on a 20 quid order for the Tray!!? On asking them why do they charge for the tray they didnt even have an answer besides thats a standard we apply to all large orders which requires a tray! Not like we get to keep the tray also!Spent only one night, but if they have hidden costs like this, it smacks of cheap ways to loot customers.	
Jun 17 2009 	A great choice when in London	I've just come back from London and I have to say that Thistle Marble Arch was an excellent choice. The service was very good, we were allowed to early check-in and were given an up-graded room which was much bigger than the one we had initially booked. The location of the hotel is also ideal, since it's a 2-minutes' walk from the tube (Marble Arch), but if you like walking you can even take a great walk on Oxfrod str. &amp; Regent and get to Piccadilly sq. safely even in the evening.What I didn't like at all, was that even though we used a pre-paid telephone card we were charged 3 pounds for each time we got an outside line - even if we eventually didn't get through, and even though we asked for information on how to use the pre-paid card, we were not told about the charge. Even though they did some discount, i still think it was not fair at all. So be aware!!	
Jun 13 2009 	Great location disappointing and tired hotel	Upon arrival I was told the room I had booked was not available and they were full so I was given a room with 3 single beds that smelt of vomit. After complaining they later moved me to a double room. The rooms are tired and need updating. However, you stay there for the location right on Oxford st. If you do not plan to spend a lot of time in the room and want a good location like me, then this is a good option. I will probably go back there.	
Jun 9 2009	A very good hotel in a perfect shopping location	I stayed at this hotel from June 6th to the 7th, on the 3rd floor, room 318. It was located directly over Oxford Street with a view of Primark! And Marble Arch to the right. A perfect hotel for the visitors who wish to do a lot of shopping. Also, it's a stones throw away from Marble Arch tube station.At night, the noise from the street below wasn't as bad as I was expecting. Very little in fact. Only sirens from the police and ambulances.It was a spacious two-bedded room, with an LCD TV, internet access, and a worthy amount of closet space. The room, bedding and bathroom was clean and tidy, I could find no faults.The staff were friendly, and helpful, with one worker hailing a cab for us. And were all willing to direct you to your rooms.Breakfast in the room cost an extra £5 which is very little to pay. Our breakfast was included in our package trip, and the charge was for the service only.One flaw with the hotel, as you arrive the reception is on the first floor, with an escalator and stairs taking you up. There was no lift taking you from the ground to the first floor - it would only take you DOWN from the first floor. Anyone with more than one heavy suitcase, in a wheelchair or with a pram would struggle.I'm planning a trip to London again, and I have feeling I will be checking into this hotel for a second time.	
Jun 4 2009 	location location location	i would recommend any out of towners stay at this hotel. it was our first trip to london and we found everything we wanted easily and in close proximity. you back on to oxford st (the main drag) but you dont cop any of the noise, the breakfast included left alot to be desired but the over all hotel was clean and surprisingly roomy for that part of the world. we were 2 mins walk to the big bus tour the train stn and major shops and take away outlets. i would definatley stay there or at least in the same area again!	
May 17 2009 	Dont have breakfast on Sunday	Having had a pleasant stay in this hotel last year, we booked in again for one night. This time we were on the 8th floor and the room was very tired, with cigarette burns on the bed covers and through the discoloured net curtains.We were taking part in the Moonwalk in Hyde Park and so did not get to bed until 3.30-4.00am. so were pleased to see that on Sunday the breakfast is served from 7.00 till 11.00 a.m.When we got to the restaurant for breakfast at 10.30 a.m. we were seated in the bar area. There were no cereal bowls, fruit juice and no bacon. A couple of cereal bowls were brought after 10 minutes. friut juice took longer as did the glasses. One member of our party was unable to have bacon as they had run out and it was not replenished at all in the 35 minutes we were there.Milk was on the table but was contained in a teapot which had no lid and was very stained inside.Tea was served in cups with no saucers, and one cup had a lipstick mark on it. The tea was undrinkable.While we were eating breakfast 4 members of staff collapsed tables around us, Pushing chairs around the room and finally hoovering. It was like having a removal firm in.We moved ourselves in to the restaurant, where seats had become available, so that we could talk while we finished our breakfasts without the bangiong and hoovering.We will not be returning despite the convenient situation of the hotel.	
May 13 2009	Awesome Location!	This hotel is a charming little hotel with an excellent location. Rooms are well appointed but the view had nothing much to offer since we got a room overlooking the inner courtyard.The dining room below offers a wholesome breakfast and the concierge ( I think from Italy) is a very affable and helpful old gentlman. Kind of like a grand dad! Don't tell him though that you want to eat baskin robins ice cream . He does not think that that is ice cream at all compared to gelato. Well ! Each to his own. I must add that the staff is indeed helpful and is sensitive to the cultural needs of various travellers.	
May 10 2009	Good hotel and location	Excellent location! But rooms are extremely small and tiny!. Hotel staff and cleanliness is good.	
May 5 2009 	Nicely surprised	We spent a week in the hotel late April 2009. Before that I have been to many 3 and 4 star hotels in London but this was the first time we did not have a smallest complaint. Please note that the hotel was fully booked for the week we were in due to easter holidays. Location was superb - nearly everything within walking distance. Service was almost unnoticeable but as a result - all in place in time. Room was clean and pretty fresh but minibar was empty. Bathroom - clean. No noise at night. What else can you wish when you are out for 14 hours a day and come back to your room for sleep...	
Apr 22 2009	Delightful Thistle Marble Arch!	We throughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel! Our room was very nicely decorated, spacious and clean. We wanted for nothing! The staff was friendly and helpful. I cannot say enough kind things about the concierge staff. They really went out of their way to help us get theater tickets, shop and tour the city. Speaking of the theater, the hotel offers a fabulous dinner/theater package for a bargin, dont miss it. Bravo!	
Apr 20 2009 	Great location	We spent 5 nights at the Thistle Marble Arch in March 2009. The hotel entrance is on Brynston St. and the back of the hotel overlooks Oxford St. Upon our arrival. we were offered an upgrade to an executive room for an additional 100 GBP and allowed to check-in early to room 303. There was a thermostat in the room and the windows also opened. The room was spacious, clean and had a row of windows overlooking Portman St. The bathroom was marble and tile and also spacious. For 2 people the room was just the right size with ample closet space, a desk, table and chairs and a small refrigerator. Our rate include VAT and breakfast. The breakfast offered eggs, bacon, toast, baked beans, cereal, fruit, and jam. The room was cleaned daily and the service was very satisfactory. There was a 32&quot; LCD TV with 20 channels. The Concierge was on duty until after 10:00 P.M. nightly to assist with tours and answer questions. Check-in and check-out were handled promptly. The hotel is located on the Central tube line, in between the Bond and Marble Arch tube stations. The Marble Arch station is only 1 block away on Oxford St. The Bond St. station also allows access to the Jubilee line. The location is ideal; from the Central line you have direct acces to the new Westfield Mall (Shephards Bush), Theatre District, British Museum (Tottenham Ct.), St. Pauls Cathedral and Museum of London (St. Pauls), the financial district (Bank), and the Spitalfields Market, Petticoat Lane and Brick Lane (Liverpool). The Jubilee line will take you to Abbey Road (St. Johns Wood), the Changing of the Guard and Buckingham Palace(Green Park), Westminister Abbey, Big Ben and the London Eye (Westminister), and to the Bankside to visit the Tate Modern, Golden Hinde, the Millenium Bridge, and to the Globe Theatre (London Bridge). There is a Whistlestop Market 1 block away on Great Cumberland St. and a Sainsbury Market at Oxford and Edgeware Roads. The Odeon Theatre is also at Oxford and Edgeware Roads and Selfredges is 2 blocks away on Oxford St. The U.S. Embassy is 2-3 blocks south of Selfredges. There are many affordable restaurants on and around Oxford St. We enjoyed our stay at the Thistle Marble Arch and look forward to our next visit.	
Apr 11 2009 	um its easy to pick fault	I was given a small bed, against a wall for 2 of us. Busy downstairs. express checkout a laugh. They do try but some staff need a bit more training. Cosmopolitan staff. Goos at smiling. excellent locstion	
Mar 23 2009 	Okay hotel but not what I had hoped.	I stayed at the Marble Arch Thistle for a networking and job conference end of January. I wanted to stay in the hotel where it was being held for convenience. Unfortunately, it wasn't what i was hoping for. The room was okay, but a bit shabby to say the least. I had double windows, in that I had windows that would open to windows that opened to a landing that overlooked Oxford Street. The noise at night kept many of my fellow conference-goers awake. I had jet-lag and didn't really sleep, but the sirens and traffic noise were constant. I also had guests on my floor who thought it was funny to run down the hallway at 3AM laughing and screaming, knocking on doors and leaving trash all over the floor. The breakfast was probably the best thing with a good spread and a nice dinning area. The elevators are painfully slow when it's busy since they stop at every single floor. I was disappointed since I had stayed in a comparable hotel last year with much better amenities and nicer rooms for a similar price.	
Mar 21 2009 	great location and fabulous hotel	The hotel was easy to locate with directions given, it is very easy to access due to location close to Marble arch tube stop (2 mins walk), It is pretty much on Oxford St so there is plenty of buses and different modes of transport, The room we stayed in was facing on to Oxford St which can be very noisy, But the windows offer good sound insulation, The room was very well laid out and comfortable, Flat screen Tv with plenty of channels, Also the room was almost looking over Hyde Park which is always a lovely sight. The Hotel staff were friendly throughout our stay, The breakfast was expensive at 18.95 pounds but the reception offered us a voucher giving us a discount at 9 Pounds, there was plenty in the breakfast. Overall we had a very enjoyable stay in this Hotel	
Mar 7 2009 	Average but could do a lot better	Huge hotel opposite Marble Arch. My room was quite spacious for central London - clean twin bedded room with a view overlooking a central courtyard. High proportion of Eastern European staff but check in was friendly and efficient. Seems very popular with foreign tourists although they must be disappointed with the very mediocre English self-serve breakfast in the restaurant.	
Mar 6 2009 	Good location mediocre hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights in February. Booked an “Executive Room” which is essentially their Deluxe Room with access to the Executive Lounge on the 1st floor. The Lounge has free Internet access and complimentary drinks but limiting to 3 per guest per day. The escalator was not working during our stay and the hotel lobby and lifts are located on the first floor. So we have to climb a long staircase on return to the hotel. The room is of fair size, reasonably well maintained but some wear and tear are evident, and you can only put a new coat of paint over the old one so many times! The bath tub was well used and has a dull colour as well as the faucets, otherwise they are “functional”. Furnishing was about 2/3 into the useful life. Functional but well used. The towel warmer did not work. Daily housekeeping was fine. Standard amenities. The heater did not work very well and was noisy when running. It might be the faulty thermostat. Breakfast was included in the room rate and there was a long queue in the morning for the table. The dinning room was understaffed and every waitress/waiter is overworked. Food was not being replenished promptly. They even ran out of utensils. The next day we went to the Executive Lounge for continental breakfast. They ran out of food and bread but asked what we wanted and would bring them up from “downstairs”. We went back to the dinning room on our last day. The location of this hotel is very good and that is about the only good thing for this hotel. The hotel was full when we were there and was filled with tour groups. The morning breakfast has to overspill into an adjacent room. Staff was generally friendly and helpful but shall we stay here again? No, probably not. I agree with the 3-star rating. When I travel, I usually select one level better than the cheapest room type, in this case, two levels better and I usually find condition and service rendered to those more expensive room type are better.	
Mar 5 2009 	Room Raid	My friend and I had booked a twin room at The Thistle Marble Arch for a February City Break.He came from Sheffield and I travelled from Bristol.Because of the snow, it took us both around 7 hours to arrive, by public transport due to train cancellations and coach delays.After a nice lunch we returned to our room at the Hotel, around 3pm for a lie down.We were cold and exhausted.The room was ok.The beds were on castors, so slid away from the wall as soon as you sat on them or got into bed.Annoying, but the least of our problems.Being so tired from our travels, we slept through until 7pm.Then decided we needed an early night and would get up early and pack in loads of sight-seeing as well as our pre-booked show, the following day.So we just lay there talking and as we only meet a couple of times a year we had plenty of catching up to do!We didn't even put the TV on.At 9pm there was a knock at our door and a mans voice called out &quot;Housekeeping&quot;.Assuming it was either Turn Down Service or just somebody ensuring everything was alright for us, my friend got out of bed and opened the door.To our astonishment a suited man with a clipboard introducing himself in broken English as 'The Night Duty Manager', entered our room and demanded we keep the noise down.He said he'd received several complaints about the noise we were making and wanted to know 'where the other people were'.We were half asleep and distressed by his intrusion.He then 'searched' our wardrobes, ironing cupboard and Bathroom several times.He ordered me &quot;get out of bed and dress, immediately&quot;.At this point it felt like a Military Operation.I blankly refused his &quot;order&quot; and just as I did all hell let loose from a room further down the Corridor.It sounded as though a party was in full swing.He'd obviously entered the wrong room.I told him to get out of our room and that I would be making a formal complaint about him/his appalling behaviour.He apologised and said he'd send up Complimentary drinks.Hardly compensation.Not that he even asked what we wanted or sent up ANY drinks.The following morning we went to see The Guest Relations Manager straight after Breakfast.He/she wasn't available.But the lady standing in was professional.She listened with disbelief to our complaint and told us it was in fact Security and not The Duty Manager who had raided our room.She was most apologetic and booked us a table for Complimentary Dinner in the Hotel Restaurant that evening.However, I feel this was completely inadequate for the disgraceful way we were treated.I also stayed at this Hotel last year with my partner.On that occassion, we received a 'wake-up' call around 4am saying our Taxi had arrived.We had no taxi booked.It was another case of 'Sorry, we must have the wrong room', which they put down to Human error.There seems to be nothing human about the two errors I have been subjected to at The Thistle Marble Arch Hotel.More like Fawlty Towers crossed with Hello Hello.I stay in numerous Hotels, including Thistles on a regular basis and I am usually very satisfied and return time and time again.This has absolutely got to be the worst of themMy advice to you is DO NOT STAY HERE.I hope Senior Management from The Thistle Hotels read this review.P.S The bedding wasn't changed during our 2 night stay .P.P.S Breakfast was very mediocre and served in an awful 'overspill' room once the Restaurant is full.That said, The Breakfast staff were helpful and efficient.	
Mar 4 2009 	Absolutely Appauling	Stayed 3 Nights (Feb 27th til March 2nd). Booked Standard Smoking Room. Arrived and got the upgrade speech so paid for it and went to the room to find it was non smoking. Tried to call reception twice but no answer. Went back to reception and had to revert to standard room cos no smoking upgrades. Came in 2nd night after a show at approx 1am and the &quot;residents&quot; bar was closing so had to order drinks from room. 40 minutes later called to see where drink was and was told they were busy. Drinks arrived after 50 minutes. Coffee in room was 1 x Caffeinated and 2 x decaf 1st day - Not replaced for rest of stay. Sheets not changed during our stay and toilet paper not replaced during our stay so none on last day. Overall - Noisy, dreadful service and housekeeping appauling. Certainly not 4 star - 2-3 star at best. I travel very regularly for business and pleasure and have not experienced such poor service in quite some time. Would not even consider a Thistle hotel again.	
Feb 24 2009 	Great Location Great Staff	Liked Location, close to oxford street and regent street for shopping.Not far in cab for nightlife and Chinatown in Leicster square for food and clubbing.Conceirge was extremely helpful, and all members off staff were very pleasant and helpful. Jorge on reception was a treat he made our stay very comfortable. Room was spotless cleaned daily also. We got the Big Bus tour from Marble Arch and got to see all the great sights in London which I reccomend doing as this was the highlight of our holiday,	
Feb 24 2009 	lovely spacious clean rooms	We stayed at this hotel on a theatre weekend break. The hotel was very clean and we were checked in very quickly. It is centrally located and easy to get around the big attractions of London. Our room was large and well laid out with lots of wardrobe space and a large bathroom with powerful shower. The only down side was that we looked out onto a roof! Still how much time do you spend in your room on a short break? The buffet breakfast was plentiful and well cooked. I would definetely recommend this hotel.	
Feb 24 2009 	Lovely hotel great location	Just back from 3 nights in this hotel. The hotel is huge. Lots of staff willing to help you. I have read reviews talking about drinks prices and cheap crockery. Re the drinks prices, you'd expect to pay this in any hotel. Re the cheap crockery, well it was just white, nothing cheap about it at all I'd say. Room was a little disappointing I have to say. It was small, only enough room for a bed really. It did suffice however, as when in London, there's not an awful lot of time to spend in your room!Bathroom was nice. Breakfast was lovely. Lots of choice, Get down there early though or you're waiting in a queue. We were down there everyday at 7.30. Anytime after that would be a nightmare! Location was amazing. 1 min walk from Marble Arch. All in all a great hotel and I'd go back.	
Feb 19 2009 	Just keeps getting worse!	I have stayed at the Thistle Marble Arch 5 times now (It's so close to where I have meetings I'm not allowed to stay anywhere else) and each time it seems to get a little worse. I haven't written a review until now as I generally don't spend much time in my room and since my company pay for my stay I didn't want to moan for moaning sake.The location of this hotel is excellent being just behind Oxford Street, close to Hyde park &amp; most things in central London are easy to get to using the tube with Marble Arch station 2 mins away. That's the only positive thing I can think of. This hotel is billed as 'luxury 4 star' which it perhaps was 20 years ago but in no way matches that description now. The decor is tired &amp; in rooms starting to get shabby. The average cost for room only is over £100 per night which is way over priced for the service &amp; amenities available.When I checked in for a 2 night stay I was offered a superior room with two single beds. I declined due to having had this room option before and both single beds on that occasion had extremely well oiled castors/wheels and everytime I made the slightest movement suring the night, my bed went skidding off towards the wall!! I asked for a double bed and was given a room which I can only describe as a badly decorated cupboard. The room stank of damp, was freezing even with the heat turned on full, the cold water in the bathroom sink wasn't cold, the hot water wasn't hot. The shower had one temperature - scalding - or off. The bed had a mattress which was 4 inches thick, placed on a block of wood perched on an old metal bed frame. There was no iron and only one wall socket worked. The room key cards are highly temperamental and won't work if you keep anywhere near a mobile phone or magnetic clasp on a bag. 3 times I visited reception to get my card reset. Not good if you are on a high floor with a room which seems 4 thousand miles from the lift!!To add to all of this, the WIFI is not free in room or the lobby, the price of drinks from the bar and coffee bar are astronomical (£2.80 for a small bottle of still water!) and even the ATM in reception charges £1.75 to withdraw money. When I've been in London with friends rather than work I would never consider this hotel even with its location as I know you can get cheaper, fewer star'd hotels which offer much better service for half the price.	
Feb 16 2009 	Huge Fab room nasty cheap crockery queues for food	The hotel has a great central location. The room was large and very comfortable but we were shocked to find we had to queue for some considerable time for breakfast. The staff did their best but could not keep up with the demands on the cold buffet and our hot drinks had not arrived when we had finished breakfast. When they came they arrived in CHEAP, THICK, MARKET STYLE MUGS. Why would a 4* hotel even HAVE these???As with many large hotels, the service is acceptable but cool and very impersonal. The moving staircase from ground to 1st floor (where reception is located) was broken and the only access was via a long and steep staircase. Don't know what happens for the elderly or infirm.Would we stay again? Possibly for the room and location but, with very different expectations.	
Jan 20 2009 	Very disappointing	Thistle Marble Arch was really disappointing. We had paid for an upgrade to a superior room, but 'superior' it definitely was not! The bedrooms are in dire need of refurbishment. The carpets were old-fashined, as were the curtains. The furniture was cracked and peeling, the wallpaper was coming off the walls, there was mould in the shower, the tv reception was bad, the breakfast was very poor (though luckily this was included in our room rate and we hadn't paid any extra for it)...I could go on.The hotel also seemed to be really full of business people for the whole time we were there. This meant there were lots of people, mostly men, taking over the bar, and congregating outside the entrance to the hotel smoking cigarettes (not the best image when you're approaching the hotel!). On the up side, the hotel location is good, just around the corner from Marble Arch tube. If you want basic accommodation in a good location, this hotel would be ok. But I would definitely not recommend it if you're looking for a romantic break or if you want a high standard of accommodation.	
Jan 6 2009 	Great Location	What a nice hotel with a great location. Shopping, attractions and tube near by. The staff was very helpful, especially where we stayed their during Christmas. Hats off to Paul(Head Concierge) and his staff!	
Jan 1 2009 	Great Central London location	I arrived the week before Christmas and stayed 6 nights. As a single female I was apprehensive staying in a hotel on a busy street. As I had tickets to see the Royal Shakespeare Company perform Hamlet, I was worried about traveling at night, However , I can say that I felt very safe and will definitely be staying here again. Positives - 1. Large size room. This is the fourth time I have been to London. The prior times I had stayed in Bayswater and had a single room (no more than the size of a closet). The room at the Thistle was pleasantly large and had nice amenities (small refrigerator, coffee and tea bar, safe in room, large bathroom, flat screen tv). Similar size to a U.S. hotel room.2. Great Location - Right on Oxford Street. The Marble Arch tube station only a block away). I will be staying here again. Great shops on Oxford street.Negatives - 1. Arriving at 11:00 am, I could not check in until 2:00 pm unless I upgraded to a higher price room. Since I have been up for almost 24 hours, I did and paid 30 pounds more a night for the privilege. 2. Noise - (Not the hotel's fault). I was there the week before Christmas, there was a steel drum band on Oxford street playing Christmas carols ( they only seemed to know three songs). 3. Restuarants/Room Service - Very expensive. Marks and Spencers and Selfridges food halls are only a few blocks away. I bought my food and kept it in the refridgerator.	
Dec 31 2008 	It Was Ok	I was there at christmas day with my family and our friends.The hotel is OK ,but the location is super ,near Hyde park,Oxford street and marble arch.The staff in the front bar was very polite and helpful.Rooms were clean but a litlle cold.Anyway i suggest you to visit this hotel for shopping .	
Dec 26 2008 	Loved it	My daughter &amp; I spent 2 nights there and had a fabulous time. The room was great, the food really nice and we felt safe. All the staff were a pleasure to deal with, they told us the best place to change money and helped me when my cell phone wasn't working. They directed me to a travel agent, confirmed our tours and arranged for a bus to Heathrow. Though take note - It took almost 2 hours to get to Heathrow - we only arrived 2 hours before our flight. The room was clean and we had more space than expected. The location was great - nice walk through Hyde Park to Harrods. And some tours pick up from the hotel.	
Dec 13 2008 	mixed views	stayed there mid november . great location for all the shops it kept the wivies happy ! the rooms were small but everything you need but some like my friends where a bit far away from the lifts . complaints! i have 2 complaints 1. checking in can the staff not smile ! made us feel like we where not welcome. 2.the price of the drink in the bar left us feeling ripped off £17.00 for 4 drinks. on the saturday my friend was charged £9.30 for a vodka and coke on its own!!!!	
Dec 12 2008 	Not Great at all	A very dull, noisey and unfriendly hotel. It is just a big cattle market for business travellers. The room was ok but I had a long walk down a dark hallway to get to my room. The room was freezing as there is only single glazed windows. I ordered room service, the food was terrible.	
Dec 8 2008 	Great Location .... Not So Great Ambiance	My husband, son &amp; I stayed at Thistle for 3 nights in October. We loved the location...just off Oxford Street. It was amazing! However, the hotel itself was a bit tired...dated. We weren't thrilled to be going back to our room. Though it was clean, the room felt old, ...shabby,... almost itchy.	
Oct 21 2008 	good location	location was very good staff friendly and helpful room could have done with been decoratored but overall enjoyed our stay	
Oct 19 2008 	Great Location	My husband and I stayed here for one night only when we had to visit the US Embassy. On arrival the hotel had upgraded us to a junior suite. The room was great, some of the furniture was a wee bit shabby though but the bed was probably the most comfortable I have ever slept in. Bathroom was large and I enjoyed the shower with the spa jets, a real treat. Staff were very helpful especially on the front desk in the lobby, and on main reception when checking in and out. They were chatty and friendly and very welcoming.The location was amazing, just off Oxford Street, with all shops a stones throw away, Selfridges was only a 3 minute walk. If you are visiting the US Embassy this is the perfect location. The exterior of the building is not the most inviting but the decor inside is very nice, in the lobby which is on the first floor they have a piano player opposite the check-in desks which was a nice touch, very relaxing after a hard days shopping I'm sure !!!.	
Sep 28 2008 	Wanna be hotel	Just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel in London, where i booked a room for me, my wife and child. A family room was given at the 8th floor of this hotel.Not a good value for the money payed.Instead of a double bed and a bed for the child, we were offered 3 bed, leaving little space to move around the room, which is not good when we travel with a 6 year old child.Must say that the hotel has old carpets (which is not good when we have a child) and hasn't a good and diversed breakfast. The staff is ok, but nothing special. Asked the concierge a few things, but never got an answer. When a certain ammount of money is payed for a room, we expect a few little things from staff, hotel and room. Better have no expectations at all.If you like soccer, don't expect to watch a match at the bar. If you love motorsports (like I do and wanted to see Motegi MotoGP race, as I saw every other races), don't expect cable TV. Damn, I said. Is it possible that I had to come to London to miss Valentino's Rossi racing for the world championship in Japan?, I asked myself. True. I missed it because the hotel did not provide Eurosport channel.If you want to have a good or quiet breakfast, better forget it. If you want to be payed attention, get over it. This hotel is huge, but has no charm. With so many guests and so little staff, the rooms weren't as clean as expected. Poor service. If I wanted a place just to sleep I would have chosen another hotel, a cheaper one. But since I was travelling with my wife and kid, wanted something better. Something I did not get at the Thistle Marble Hotel. An unpersonal hotel.	
Sep 19 2008 	Absolutely terrible experience	I stayed here for 3 nights in a Deluxe Twin room. I was expecting to like this hotel given the positive reviews on Tripadvisor (I needed an inexpensive hotel near Marble Arch, &amp; I chose this over The Cumberland nearby due to the better reviews). Instead I am sorry to report that I had a terrible experience - the only explanation I can think of is that I booked the room via Expedia; it was a prepaid rate, though it still cost US$340/night - shocking given what I actually received for this price - but this could explain a few things....First, my room was extremely noisy. The door literally opened onto the lift lobby. The lifts run all night &amp; produce an extremely loud &quot;ding&quot; sound whenever one arrives. The traffic noise on the other side of the room was extremely loud &amp; could be heard clearly through the windows even when shut; I could hear the buses running all night on Oxford St, just around the corner.Second, the bathroom in my room was very strange. After looking at the open shower with yellowed plastic curtain &amp; metal grate serving as the drain, then at the red pull cord hanging down from the ceiling next to the toilet, I realized my room must have been a special wheelchair-accessible room (thus also explaining the location right next to the lifts). I immediately felt sorry for any wheelchair-bound guests at the hotel, because the entire effect was that of a hospital. I wondered whether the hotel automatically allocates this room - completely lacking in any charm - for customers booking through travel web sites. In addition, the shower barely had any water pressure.Third, I was told when checking in that I would need to provide a credit card to &quot;open the phone line&quot; (presumably because I had prepaid for the room). I did, &amp; upon checking out was given a phone bill of GBP62 (around US$105). This was for several phone calls to local London &amp; UK mobile phone numbers (no long distance or calling card access calls); one call to a local number lasting 10 minutes was charged at GBP30!!! Words can hardly express....The only positive I can mention for this hotel is its location; it is steps away from Oxford St, if you're in town to shop there. Other than that, I cannot recommend it.	
Sep 4 2008 	Great Location but not so nice atmosphere	We stayed at the Thistle Marble Arch for 4 days in August. The location of the hotel cannot get any better - really convenient and right next to the Underground. The rooms are also ok and nothing to complain of. However the hotel is best suited for visitors from Middle Eastern countries - the hotel brochures are in Arabic, the staff greet you in Arabic as well. Also it has to be one of the noisiest hotels that I have stayed in. Also the decor of the hotel is old and the green carpets are rather garish.	
Aug 30 2008 	Just OK	we stayed a family of 5, two adults and 3 children in two rooms.after specifically asking for two adjacent rooms and if possiblea connecting door, nothing was done.the overall rooms were fine but no family orientation policy.	
Aug 26 2008	Great birthday present!	I stayed in Thistle Marble Arch for two nights in November 2006 as part of my 12th birthday present, which was to see a West End Show. There were seven of us altogether. We travelled by coach, and we were given a generous discount as there were a coachful of us. I can't remember the price we paid, but I remember thinking it was good value for money. The hotel was quite lush in public places like the foyer and dining area, so once we got to the room itself, I was disappointed by its relative plainess. We also found language a slight problem, but the staff made up for it by being polite, friendly and helpful at all times. The hotel was in a prime spot for shopping, and a tube was just round the corner. I wouldn't reccommend this hotel if you're going to see a West End show,as we did, because by the time we were there and back, our taxi bill was enormous! All in all, the stay was really enjoyable- a brilliant birthday experience!!	
Jul 28 2008	Loved this hotel	We stayed at this hotel for one night and I wish we had booked it for longer. Thoroughly enjoyed stay. Hotel staff plentiful, happy and helpful. Nothing was too much trouble. As my room was not ready when arrived, I was immediately upgraded to a higher floor which was great as I am a light sleeper. Did not hear a sound all night. The evening meal was lovely and service just so good. Mealtime great for Theatre enabling you to eat before you go. Bed huge and comfortable, just loved everything about this hotel will deffinately make this my London Hotel in the future.	
Jul 25 2008 	location..location..location	i stayed in the thistle marble arch for 3 nights last weekend on a shopping trip with a friend, if its shopping your into, then this hotel is in a fantastic location, right on oxford street!!!! There is also a tube station nearby and a great bus service which we used to go to brent cross shopping centre. The only downside to the hotel we found was that on the first night having been up since 530 and after a full days shopping we were kept awake all night from a noisy oxford st, granted it was a saturday night &amp; we were in central london!!!!!!! The following morning we requested a room change to a quieter room and this was no problem, i would definently stay here again but make sure to request a room away from oxford st!	
Jul 22 2008	Great location if you love to shop	I had a room overlooking one of the main shopping streets so I really knew I was staying in London. Unfortunately I was on a business trip so was being tantalised for no good reason.This hotel has a spacious lobby. Check in was okay, I notice someone commented about the poor English on the desk, always the case in London hotels these days in my experience. They speak better English in foreign hotels abroad.I liked this hotel for its location. The room was a bit small and because I paid over £160 for one night, this was too expensive and I would look for a deal or another location if it was a leisure trip. I wasn't impressed that all the discounted rates had gone even though I was attending a conference and found the staff really unhelpful and rude in respect of this.It was a good hotel though and the location was in the heart of the shopping district close to everything you could want with a tube nearby if you needed it. I'd stay here again if I got a good deal. It felt like a quality hotel, quite plush in some of the public areas.Breakfast was pretty good, but not the best buffet I've ever had.	
Jul 14 2008 	Better than it used to be but far from perfect!	We checked in late at night. Although I did send an e-mail to reservations informing them about our late check-in, the person at reception insisted that since we were checking in so late, he could only give us an inside room on 2nd floor. When we stated that this was unacceptable and asked to speak to the manager, oh what a miracle, a corner room on 7th appeared from nowhere!The room was spacious (it was on executive floor), smoking and with great views of Hyde Park and Marble Arch. The bathroom was big and the shower quite good for London standards!Breakfast was great (Thistle hotels have very good breakfast), but the breakfast room was not working efficiently. IMO, this happened because everyone was doing everything. Meaning, one person could go from serving coffee to allocating guests to clean plates and that created a chaos.Housekeeping and porters were very kind and helpful. We had to ask for shampoo once and toilet paper twice, but I think those things can happen.The hotel’s computer was a blast from the past and internet was very expensive!A couple of days prior to our departure, we requested a late check-out (which we also had requested when booking the room 3 months ago) but the person attending guest relations told us that after 1pm it costs 20 quid per hour. We said that we’ve checked out late from this hotel many times and nobody asked for money, but she replied that this is the hotel’s policy. At that time, the person who checked us in came and he said that they do exceptions for some guests but they weren’t willing to do one for us. They were both very rude and ironic. I hate rude people, so does my mother who very kindly asked for their names and to speak to their supervisor. At first, the guy who checked us in said that he was the supervisor of guest relations and we asked to see his supervisor. His supervisor was at a meeting, then out of the hotel, then unavailable and then out again. The next day, he took 15 days leave. I don’t know if they were “hiding” him but we were determined to speak to someone and we asked for the hotel’s Manager. At first he was unavailable too, but we managed to meet his assistant. She was very kind, she offered free late check out till 4pm (which we didn’t accept) and a free buffet dinner at the hotel’s restaurant. She also promised a written apology which if I don’t get I plan to ask again for. The reason why we didn’t accept the late check in after all this fuss, was that every time we tried to speak to the supervisor or the manager we were told “but you can’t check out late for free, you know”. That way, we made it clear that late check out was not the problem, but bad attitude was!Dinner was great, much better than “hotel food” and I’m glad I had the chance to try it cause it’s been years since I ate at a Thistle restaurant and I’ve read very bad reviews.This incident didn’t ruin my holiday, or my stay, but it made me think again that in some hotels the staff think that as long as they have an asset (view, location) that keeps the guests coming, they don’t need to do anything else! Overall, it was OK. Location-wise it is a great hotel, with service above medium, but senior staff need to “polish” their manners. Not many people have the courage, the patience or the knowledge to ask (or chase) a supervisor or a manager in order to get treated as entitled to!Since I read a review about staff not speaking good English, I need to add this: It is true that there is probably not even one Brit working at this hotel, BUT everyone could communicate in average English. This was a nice surprise after staying at two hotels where I had to use sign language in order to speak to the staff, even at reception. Unfortunately, this is something that we must get used to.	
Jul 10 2008	Great Business Hotel	For the price, this is a great hotel for business travelers. The rooms are clean. The location is convenient. I have also stayed at the Thistle Victoria. This hotel is much better maintained and operated.	
Jul 9 2008 	Good location Comfortable Stay	The hotel has a perfect location on Oxford Street. It is close to Selfridges, Hyde Park and the tube station. The rooms are comfortable, no problems during reception and breakfast has many varieties. It is possible to book last minute tickets to the musicals and shows. This is one of the oldest hotels in London which provides a standard quality to its customers.	
Jun 22 2008 	Loved The Thistle!	We stayed here for a weekend of 2 nights. Ideally located for shopping and hotel has a really nice atmosphere... Room was really comfortable with a big bed and clean bathroom with a nice shower and always hot water available.Breakfast was the only meal we had in the hotel and it was really good with lots of choice including hot, cold and freshly made too.Would highly recommend this hotel!	
Jun 16 2008 	Good hotel.Great location.	My wife and I who are middle aged stayed for 4 nights.Everything that we experienced except one thing that I'll mention in a minute was fine.This ranges from the doorman to the bedroom and from reception to the restaurant.All staff were polite and the place including our room was clean.The location is excellent as the entrance is about 200yards from Oxford Street while Marble Arch tube is about 400yards.Paddington station is about a 10 minute taxi drive while the pub called The three tuns is about 100feet away.We will stay here again but there is one thing inparticular which we will not do in the hotel...we will not not use the bar.Because at £13.10p for a pint of lager &amp; bacardi diet coke &amp; ice,yes that is £13.10p,you will be well &amp; truely ripped off.The same drinks in nearby pubs cost about £6.30p.If you want a quiet room,we had 762,ask for an internal room because those overlooking Oxford &amp; Portman Street will have views but plenty of noise.Verdict:Go there but re-mortgage your house before you use the bar.	
Jun 5 2008 	Loved it!	I stayed here for a work trip and later for a pleasure trip. The staff is very friendly, the rooms and large and clean, and I was allowed early check-in after arriving from the US on the “red-eye” even though I didn’t request in advance. I particularly loved the deep tub, ample hot water, quite rooms, and HUGE breakfast buffet! I paid 120pounds and 160 pounds (inc Vat) for the two says.	
Jun 4 2008 	Great Shopping Location	We stayed at the Thistle Marble Arch for five days last month - three on our own and two nights paid for by our cruise line as part of our package. There was some confusion about standard vs.deluxe rooms. I thought our travel agent had booked a deluxe room but not so and we were unwilling to cough up another $60 a night on top of the $240 we were already paying to upgrade. Mistake - should have done it as we found out three days later when the hotel kindly upgraded us to a deluxe room for our last two nights. What a difference - beautiful furnishings, lots of room, huge bathroom, a frig. More importantly it faced inside (which meant quiet nights) instead of onto very noisy Oxford Street as our first extremely small and slightly shabby room had. So our experience was completely different our first three days vs the last two. The hotel itself is quite nice. Nice public spaces, friendly staff (although I had a hard time understanding most of the reception staff), wonderful buffet breakfast (expensive, but ours was free with the cruise nights, espresso bar. The escalator was broken during our entire stay which was slightly inconvenient. Never tried the bar but it looked fun - no Glenn Miller music that I ever heard, just rock.It's a great location if you want to shop the big stores on Oxford Street and there are plenty of restaurants everywhere. We had excellent coffee and good healthy food at the Pret A Manger a block away. We actually walked from the heart of the city along Regent Street to the hotel in about 45 minutes. Buses and convenient tube right out the door .If shopping is important (it wasn't to us) and you don't mind lots of crowds this is a great location. I'll choose something in a quieter neighborhood next time and walk a few blocks to the action.	
May 21 2008 	Very satisfied…	After reading more than a 100 reviews from other travelers for London I picked Thistle Marble Arch and decided to stay in.The Hotel is definitely 4 star, very clean, and with very large rooms.I stayed in room 495 (a non-smoking one) and it was huge (nearly 35 s.q)After having stayed in a lot of rooms, in a lot of countries, I found that although it was full, you could easily have breakfast or take some information about everything that was going on in the town from the reception.The hotel is 5 min. from one of the most central underground stations (Marble Arch), and near to clubs, pubs, super markets, cinemas, not to mention Hyde Park.Its price according to my opinion is great (I booked through the website of Thistle) and only payed 119 pounds per night.	
May 12 2008 	VERY NICE STAY AT THISTLE!	I just spent 2 nights at Thistle Marble Arch and have no complaints at all. Arrived at 2:00 in the morning and check in was smooth and quick. Was allocated on 7 floor (next to the lifts which is a bonus considering this is a very large hotel and you may get to walk a lot down corridors!) , got a airy double room , very spacious to London standards, clean and comfortable with a big double bed, flat screen tv with good choice of channels, a bathroom where I could comfortably turn around . I was a bit surprised to find the minibar was actually empty but then again I could stock it up myself with drinks and snacks bought at a convenience store nearby. Everything you could possibly want is literally around the corner so as you can imagine the location of this hotel is unbeatable –especially for shopping – tube is 2 minutes away, Hyde park 2 blocks..Staff is brilliant, polite ,friendly and very helpful . They always greeted us with a smile , opened the doors for us, carried our luggage .. impeccable, really. This was my second stay at this Thistle Hotel and again I wasn’t disappointed . Needless to say I highly recommend it!	
May 11 2008 	If you want poor service and all staff to be non-English - then stay here!	I stayed at this hotel with a friend who booked this hotel due to it's central London location - we now wish we hadn't! LOL Firstly he'd specifically requested an early check-in as he'd be arriving on an early flight from the Middle East and therefore wanted to freshen up/rest after his journey. When he arrived at the hotel he was told that check-in was at 2.00pm - he arrived around 9.00am as planned. He explained that he'd specifically booked this hotel with an early check-in but was given the bland nonsense of &quot;we were fully booked last night, Sir and we've no rooms available for you to check into but come back at 2pm to check-in!&quot;. As you can imagine he was not happy. As a side note you can leave your luggage at the side entrance to the hotel with the porters who will store it. So we came back to the side entrance around midday following an aimless walk around around the West End for a couple of hours to fill time to find that the escalator wasn't working - it didn't work all day. FYI at this side entrance there is a bank of three sets of steps you will have to walk up if the escalator isn't working so be prepared for a climb into the hotel! LOL I did discover a sign late that stated that there was a customer lift but never bothered to go find it.Once we got upstairs to the mezzanine/1st floor he managed to get them to give him a room at midday although it was a smoking room and we'd requested a non-smoking room. We got to the room following a hike around the 7th floor - the hotel is massive over about 8 floors so be prepared for a long walk if your room is on the opposite side of the hotel to the bank of lifts on the other! LOLUnfortunately the room we were allocated was a smoking room as there were no non-smoking rooms available apparently. We were allocated Room 733 (which is quite small) and as you can imagine our room and the part of the floor where these rooms are located smell badly of smoke. We didn't find anything actually wrong with the room - they're perfectly acceptable just small.We went out for a late lunch in the afternoon and as we left our room came into contact with three housekeeping staff and asked them if there was a quicker way to the lift or another set of lifts for us to use. Unfortunately despite a number of attempts on our part to get them to understand what we were asking of them - we couldn't get them to understand what we were asking for. I can only assume that English is not their first language; which we found very frustrating. The rest of our actual stay was OK. The hotel is very busy and seems to be quite full all of the time because of conferences/seminars/large holiday groups staying because of it's location etc so be prepared for queues at check-in, concierge, restaurant, bar etc.The final straw for me was with breakfast. We ordered our breakfast to be delivered to our room between 7.00am and 7.30am because he had an early flight to catch. We'd hoped that it would arrive as near to 7.00am as possible as he had to leave at the latest by 7.20am. It didn't arrive before he left and therefore when it did arrive at 7.25am - he'd already paid the bill, checked out and left the building. So the breakfasts arrived, I signed for them and poured myself a cup of coffee, made a bowl of cereal and buttered half a slice of toast. I managed to eat the bowl of cereal and half the slice of toast and take a mouthful of orange juice before the phone rang in the room. It was room service checking that the breakfasts had arrived OK. I said &quot;yes they were fine&quot; - this was met with - &quot;well now that you've got the breakfasts YOU are going to have to pay for them!&quot; I then said that &quot;my partner had settled the bill and that included the breakfasts and therefore no I wouldn't be paying again&quot;. He said &quot;unfortunately he had checked out before they could post the breakfasts to the room and that I would then have to pay nearly £30 for the food&quot;. I said &quot;no&quot; and he began to become quite belligerant so I said &quot;fine come take it away then&quot; - so they did! I contacted my partner and he said that he'd made sure the breakfasts were paid for in the bill and was not best pleased. Customer service is obviously not one of their strong suits at the Thistle Marble Arch - so if you're not particularly bothered about things like that and you don't mind spending your life in a queue - then you will be fine staying at this sub-standard hotel in Central London. I however will never stay again nor will the Thistle Group get my custom again if this is normal example of their service to guests. More people skills is required to get their staff up to scratch.	
Apr 18 2008 	Great Experience	My adult son and I stayed at Marble Arch Thistle, London for one week. We were totally pleased with all aspects of the accomodation. Our twin bed room was much larger than expected (certainly by English standards to we North Americans!). It was very clean and maintained that way by impeccable daily maid service. A wonderful 'plus' was a switch you could adjust on the interior of the room to indicate 'Do Not Disturb' or 'Clean Room' (or words to that effect). That meant that privacy was ensured and no maid would barge in and disturb. The continental breakfast (a buffet) was very, very substantial and we used it to 'fill up' for the day's sightseeing. For an additional four pounds you could opt for the hot breakfast but we chose not to (conscious of cholestral, calories and salt!). The service staff were most courteous and our one experience at the front desk (checking in) was good. The assorted doormen were very welcoming and pleasant - my son got to know them well since he is a smoker and would go out into the street for his cigarette. When I needed instruction on how to use the iron in my room, the housekeeper willingly and politely showed me how to use it saying, 'No problem, it's my job.' The reality is that I just misread the instructions. Check out was a breeze since I opted for the automated checkout.A thoroughly wonderful experience. I would gladly return to this hotel next time I visit London.	
Apr 13 2008 	Great hotel and great location	I have stayed at Thistle Marble Arche for a number of times over the last years. Hotels in London vary in quality and the star rating does not always reflect the value you get. One thing I like about this hotel is the certainty - you can always be sure that you get what you pay for. Location is excellent . right on the end of Oxford street - an absolute perfect if you like shopping. Metro is 200 meters away, lots of great restaurants around - from KFC and McDonalds to high end.Rooms are spacious - again unusual to London. Breakfast is excellent, whatever you fancy - from diet to &quot;high energy&quot;. Room service - decent prices and food is good! Reception staff - again, my compliments. Keep up the good service and I look forward seeing you again!!	
Apr 7 2008	Some good some bad qualities	Our experience during our one-week stay at this hotel was mixed. To their credit, the hotel staff (especially the concierge) were very courteous and eager to help. However, we booked the hotel as part of a tour package, and the coordination between the tour company and the hotel left something to be desired. Upon arrival, we were supposed to be given detailed instructions about our tour itineraries, and the desk employee whom we initially asked about this told us that the tour company had left nothing for us at the hotel, and that to resolve our problem we needed to contact the tour company. Well, it was a Sunday and their office was closed, and with our tour beginning the next day, we were quite frustrated. However, we later spoke to another employee of the hotel, who told us to check the concierge desk for our tour information, and lo and behold, there it was. Therefore, the desk employee had caused us needless frustration with her misinformation.There seemed to be a general air of confusion surrounding the operations of the front desk. On check-in, I was told that my credit card was being provisionally charged for accessory services during the week. However, later on, when I tried to bill charges to my room, I was told that there was no credit card on file. Also, we had minor problems with our reservation, as our last night there was for some reason booked on a separate reservation, and the front desk initially told us that our reservation for the last night was &quot;not in their system.&quot; Finally, on check-out, the front desk employee told me that since our reservation had been pre-paid, we would not receive an itemized statement of our accessory charges during the week - they just told us what they were, without any documentation. I'm not saying that they over-charged us, but I thought it very strange that a hotel would not provide its guests with an itemized statement of every charge upon check-out.There were also problems with the accomodations. The bed was terrible; the mattress was so worn you could feel the springs in the mattress poking you when you laid down. The walls are also quite thin. Our room was close to a pub which is located in the same building as the hotel, and on Friday and Saturday nights the noise from the pub kept us awake until the wee hours of the morning.	
Apr 4 2008 	Great hotel in central London	We stayed here for 4 nights at the end of March and loved it. We were asked at check-in if we wished to up-grade but we declined. However, when we returned to get our room key, we had been up-graded anyway which was great. The room was very comfortable with very good a/c and heating controls. The Elemis toiletries were very nice and the tea/coffee in the room was very welcome. The staff were all very friendly and all went out of their way to help you. The breakfast was great-it certainly sets you up for a busy day in London. The location is very central and extremely close to the tube. You are right on Oxford Street for shopping but nowhere is very far away via the tube. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Apr 2 2008 	Excellent!!!	The Thistle Marble Arch is a great hotel to stay in! We booked the hotel through LondonHotels.com and got a great rate. Make sure you include breakfast with your room - you will not be disappointed. It is a buffet of cold offereings (cereals, juices, muffins, danish, cold cuts, cheeses, fruits, yogurts, oats) and then a hot buffet with potato cakes, sausage, bacon, eggs, toast, english muffins, etc. Make sure you get it through a discount site becasue at the hotel it is 15 pounds per person per day for the breakfast. We had a standard room and it was fine for us. We are not luxury travelers so we were on a budget. It is Europe so if you expect a large room you better be shelling out $500 for a luxury hotel. The room was very clean, cozy, and most importantly, the bed was VERY comfortable. The staff was more than accomodating. We arrived early and hoped to get an early check-in. Initially we were told that they did not have any available rooms because we had come before check out time. They have a luggage drop area that is attended so we dropped off our bags and went and had some breakfast. When we were finished we went back to front desk and they had a room for us! We were in room 815. The hotel is in a great location- very conveinent to everything. The Marble Arch Tube station is literally a 1 minute walk. If you are going to be in the area for a few days ditch the cabs and take the Underground. Make sure to &quot;Mind the Gap&quot;! Get an oyster card. We were there for 4 days and we put 20 pounds on each card and it worked out perfectly. We also took the tube to and from Heathrow. It is defintely the way to go. There are lots of great restaurants on James Street which is just a short walk down the street. Make sure you eat at Fresso. It is a little Italian restaurant in the area and it was our favorite! Ask the concierge for directions. You are very close to Selfridges and lots of other great shopping. There are a few corner markets and pharmacies just around the corner as well. It is located in front of Hyde Park and you are very close to Buckingham Palace and many other landmarks. This hotel is a win!!!	
Mar 31 2008 	Good Hotel in good spot for U.K.	This hotel is a good buy. Its close to lots of shopping and good public transportation. The hotel room is a bit small but, typical for London. The room was clean and view of Oxford Street was great. The staff is great! The only downside is that they have an escalator to go upstairs but, only steps going down. There is a handicap lift (London term for elevator..) behind the reception desk.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great hotel great location!	We had bookked a double room for 4 nights through hotels.com at a 25% discount price and payed about 100GBP/night. The Thistle Marble Arch is very centrally located on Oxford street, 200 m east of Marble Arch tubestation, the main entrance is in the Bryanston street, north of Oxford Street. We had a spacious, very nicely decorated and furnished room where everything was very clean and of very good comfort. Nice beds, AC and heating idividually controlled, fridge in the room , flatscreen TV and a tiled, spacious bathroom. The service of the staff was outstanding, and our entire stay was a great experience. Breakfast on the ground-floor restaurant is very good with a great variety of warm and cold courses. Thistle Marble Arch is not a small, cosy hotel, it has almost 700 rooms, but you'll have experience excellent service and many facilities. The hotel is built in Art deco style, and is of great standards. I would definitely recommend a stay here for anyone! The location is excellent, it will take you 7-10 minutes to walk to Regent's Street and Soho. There is also a nice Indian-French restaurant in Bryanston Street, la Porte des Indes, which I would like to recommend.	
Mar 26 2008	Great Location	I stayed here several times in November and December and although it is a bit tired in places the location makes up for it.It is right at the end of Oxford Street and at a tube station which makes life easier.My advice would be if you are asked if you want a inner or outer room, if you are a light sleeper ask for the inner rooms. Although there is no view with all rooms looking into a central area it is incredibly quiet for the centre of London. I had an outer room for one of my stays and the difference was incredible.Overall nothing special but that said nothing overly wrong with this hotel.	
Mar 25 2008 	Bad check in but then a great improvement	I booked with Expedia for 3 nights over Easter weekend for double room with breakfast included. Here is review - it starts negative but ends positive!Arrived to check with my girlfriend just after noon on Good Friday. We were first offerred an upgrade room for 25 pound per night that I declined. Following this we were told that no double rooms were currently free as we had arrived too early in the day (this is understandable and not a problem as people only have to vacate at 12) . However we completed the check-in, put the bags with the concierge and were told to come back after 2pm to pick up our room keys. We arrived back at 4pm and were told we had been upgraded to a deluxe room with two single beds - not good as a romantic weekend! Clearly what had happened is that they had run out of standard double rooms since noon and had re-allocated our room to someone else as they had scribbled out the original room number on our check-in folder holding the keys. I complained about this and was then told I had made a booking for a twin (not true as I had the expedia paperwork and why would they allocate a double on our original arrival then). The man at check-in then had discussion with a supervisor and we were then upgraded to an executive room with a double bed.Ok...that is the negative out of the way. Hotel is a v.good location for central London theatres and west end. The executive room was v.good in terms of size &amp; having a comfy bed &amp; good shower . Breakfast was excellent though be prepared for a short 5 min wait if you go at peak time but it is efficiently handled by the staff. In terms of facilities we only used the hotel bar and that was ok but nothing special.The best thing I can say though is that the of the hotel staff apart from check-in were immense: everyone was friendly, polite and helpful whether in the bar, concierge, dining room and even when passing room service staff on the corridor.If the check-in had just been handled better I would have given a reccomendation without any reservation. However, looking at other reviews for some reason others have had the same experience. Are the standard doubles really in short supply or in need or rennovation? I suspect the latter.	
Mar 24 2008 	Excellent Choice!!!	Definitelly a great Value for Money choice!!! The location is superb: next to a lot of buses and tube station, stores, restaurants, etc. The room (standard) was good with all the amenities you should expect from this category. Breakfast as stated by other guests is very good, especially if you like the full english breakfast style. The hotel was completely full during Easter season and one day there was a line for breakfast, but nothing critical.During the afternoons theres is always someone playing the piano in the Lobby which was niceOnce again, great value for money (110£ per night, all taxes included)A TIP: if you arrive at Heathrow, buy the Oyster card (valid for all buses and metro that you can recharge when needed) on the Heathrow underground station, and then catch the tube to Picadilly Circus (45 min, direct). Then leave the station and on Regent Street catch one of this buses: 15, 23, 159, 94 (any that goes to Oxford Street/Marble Arch) and after 10 min you´ll be arriving at the hotel, spending only 3£. The same is valid for the return to the airport.We charged the Oyster card with 20£ (17£ + 3£ deposit) and after 4 days going up and down all over the city and coming/going to the airport we still had some pounds left.London is vibrant!!!	
Mar 23 2008 	Great location !!!	Birthday weekend with 3 friends (aged 35-45yrs). Great location - close to Oxford Street. Upgraded to executive suite but did wonder what the difference was between the standard room. Breakfast was excellent -variety of choice - self service but quick. Excellent service provided by porters (looking after our many bags of shopping on our return from the shops)!!! Would definitely recommend and hope to stay at again soon.	
Mar 18 2008	Fab Time	When we checked in we were offered a free upgrade to a deluxe room which was lovely. All of the staff we came into contact with were impeccable. Mohammed the luggage man was lovely as was the gentleman in the shop. Nothing was too much trouble.Breakfast was lovely. We felt there may be queues, but no problem. Our 13 year old son was with us, and he loved the whole experience. He wants go go back next year.	
Mar 17 2008 	good location but a bit tired	10 of us stayed here last week after a function on Park Lane.The location was excellent for us, but would be a good location for london generally. The public areas were nice, but the rooms were a bit tired and in need of updating. We were told we had been upgraded to 'deluxe' rooms - so I think standard rooms would be very small and delapidated!If you get a good price I would stay here for a central base, especially if you will not be spending much time in the hotel.	
Mar 15 2008	Really Nice Hotel 	I stayed at this hotel in september 2006, the staff were really friendly and helpful, The rooms had everything you could ask for and were very prosentible, The breakfast was fab lots of choice from ceral, cakes to full english breakfast with all the toppings, the location is brilliant if you want to hit the shops on oxford street which is a 2minute walk away, you can even see new look from the hotel. i would defanatley go back to this hotel and would recomend to group, couples &amp; familys	
Mar 12 2008 	Great Location	I got such a good deal from Priceline for this hotel, it was less than a third of the normal rate.When i checked in, i got the hard sell about upgrading my room (for extra cost of course). I stood firmI was very happy with the room. It was nice and spacious, had a good in room safe, wireless internet is available (for a reasonable fee). Bathroom was nice, no complaints at all.I did get that bit of a feeling that i was looked down upon because i was a priceline customer. I didn't give them any credit card so i had no room credit which was fine by me. I just wouldn't trust them with my credit card.The location of this hotel is top notch. Marble arch is a great area to stay in.Overall i can't complain, i got to stay at this hotel for less than the cost of B&amp;Bs.	
Feb 20 2008 	Ordinary hotel in a great location	Check in was quick and efficient, we were offered a room upgrade for £25 which we declined as didn't plan to spend too much time there with so much to see and do in London. Our room on the 7th floor was fairly small but adequate, had windows which could open a good bit quite safely and a bright open view. The bed was exceptionally comfortable, the bathroom was well lit and clean with plenty of towels. There were two dining rooms for breakfast, one large and soulless, the other much more interesting but breakfast, which was fine, was the same in both. The best thing about this hotel is the location, a 5 minute walk from Marble Arch Station, right by Oxford Street and with a huge choice of restaurants. On balance, we would probably stay here again but did miss not having a swimming pool in the hotel.	
Feb 20 2008 	Lovely hotel!	This hotel is brilliant!, Me, my husband,2 year old daughter &amp; (at the time 2 month old son), stayed in a family room, We arrived at approx 9:30am check in wasn't until 2/3ish but they checked us in immediately (much unexpected but impressed!), the room was huge!, (think may have been upgraded), a very big kingsize bed, 2 bigger then average single beds (1 in own bedroom type of bedroom area, very private), nice big modern bathroom with speakers, good modern room teperature feature, table, chairs, bedside cabinets with lamp next to each bed, desk with chair &amp; all accesories expected, safe, plenty of wardrobes, tea/coffee/kettle etc, lovely bedding, the breakfast was included in price and was amazing! I paid a small fee to have it in our room so wasnt rushing in the morning to get kids up &amp; dressed, i telephoned reception and was asked to pick from a list of items what we wanted, we had lots of food the list was endless and i said yes to nearly everything as wasnt sure what husband &amp; daughter wanted, the staff was more then helpful, hotel very beautifful &amp; clean, right off oxford street, kept nipping back to change nappies etc so very convienient, the only things i noticed that wasnt so good was the room service was so expensive! but the shop near reception had snacks and cold drinks and kfc nearby!, my baby was sick all over our bed so needed new bedding i telephoned housekeeping around 11pm and the lady that answered was rude to me and wanted to know why i needed new bedding but a man came up and was very polite he offered to change it aswell but i did it, we booked direct with thistle over the telephone, we got a special rate for booking 6 weeks in advance, £150-£170 we paid i think, i would DEFINETLY re visit!!!	
Feb 19 2008 	good shopping location	Very well situated a short walk from the shops and restaurants of Oxford St. Our bedroom was on the 2nd floor it had no outlook but the room facilities were good and a large bed with nice white covers.Breakfast was ok with a good choice of food available my only small gripe was no pot for tea or coffee so you needed to catch the waiter/waitress attention if you wanted more.All staff very polite.	
Feb 9 2008 	Great location not so great hotel!	We booked a twin room for myself and my daughter on a theatre trip. At check-in they told us they had no twin rooms left and we had been allocated a double. We told them we weren't very happy with this and we were offered an upgrade for an extra £35. After some complaining about the situation we were given a free upgrade to a king size room.The room was reasonably spacious but it felt very date. The mini bar was empty. I was awoken several times during the night by people banging doors and walking noisily along the corridor. My daughter had a shower and the shower wouldn't turn off but that was ok because I too wanted a shower. When I had finished the shower was even more powerful - not hot, just luke warm - but powerful. It would not turn off. I reported it an by the time we had finished getting ready no one had been to sort it out. However, we returned from breakfast to find the shower mechanism had been taken apart and the bath panel had been taken off and now the shower was just trickling gently.We ate dinner and breakfast in the restaurant both were mediocre.Idon't usually complain about hotels. Last week we stayed in the Radisson Edwardian - lovely, and in December we stayed in Le Meridien - gorgeous, but this was decidely average.That said, if all you care about is being cose to Oxford Street shops, go for it!	
Jan 23 2008 	ok so now I am going to blow you all out of the water!!	We had the most amazing stay at this hotel!! Incredible!! I am reading the reviews and thinking...wow.Firstly we had the best family room I have ever stayed in (apart from a suite). It looked like it was really two rooms but with just one bathroom. It had a partial wall in between our king room and the boys twin sleeping area. The kids thought it was great. They thought they had their own hotel room as they had a tv as well. Our room(s) were beautifully decorated, quiet and clean. We were on the internal side of the building so we only had a view across to thr rooms on the other side.I had no problems with noise or the staff. I guess we must have been there during English-speaking week or something as they responded quickly and politely to any requests we made. I can't really comment about the food as we slept through breakfast every day and once my kids discovered the excellent Marlborough Head pub around the corner, they insisted upon having any meals in the area there ( great atmosphere and yummy traditional British food). It is right on Oxford Street so A+ for convenience as well. Handy to the Underground although we mainly traveled by bus which stopped just out on Oxford Street. It is also very close to the park which was a wonderful place to waste an afternoon in a deckchair, people-watching as my boys played soccer.I would go back in a flash with the kids....worth every penny for both comfort and convenience.	
Jan 23 2008 	overall very satisfied	We have just returned from London and after reading some reviews I was a little worried. We had stayed there a year ago and wondered what could have gone so wrong.We arrived at 12 noon and were given a room immediately.The room was spacious and clean (just like the one the hotel shows on its web site) We were never disturbed by noise from corridors or neighbouring rooms.Our luggage was taken to our room very efficiently.The heating was not working and the room overlooked a roof with pipes, boilers etc emitting a faint hum . I told Reception and a maintenance man came and fixed the heating straight away. They offerred to change the room but we decided not to bother.Breakfast was as good as usual - especially the hot, I`ve stayed where there was a greater variety of cheeses and cold meats but it was perfectly adequate. All dishes were replenished promptly. We never had to wait more than a few seconds for a table and service was prompt and efficient.All staff we came in contact with were polite and friendly.It`s such a large hotel that I don`t expect the personal attention you get in a smaller establishment.We never had to wait more than a minute for the infamous lifts.We ate at the Carvery - it was very good. The meat was cooked really well and the veg was hot and fresh. The soup, antipasti and desert were all excellent. Service was first class.The only real criticism is the entrance. There is an escalator to the main floor but only stairs to go down. There is a lift (a bit out of the way) but to avoid the stairs to the front entrance you have to go out through the left luggage room.If we choose to stay in the Marble Arch area we would definately return.	
Jan 16 2008 	perfect location	We stayed here as part of our 21 day 20th anniversary trip.We had 12 days at this hotel but at different times. When we first arrived after the big flight from australia our checkin was not so great. We had paid for the night before as we we getting in at 5.30 in the morning we wanted to be assured of a room so we could do the shower thing after such a long flight. You guessed it our booking wasn`t there (the girl on reception did say &quot;it was in the system yesterday&quot;).I am guessing that because we didn`t check in on the 15th of dec our booking must of been cancelled. We did have in our hands a voucher from our travel agent to say what our accomodation was eg double room with breakfast included .As our flight was delayed, we were checking in at 10 am in the morning and we were hungry. As we had paid for breakfast it would have been nice to have had suggested to us that we go and have breafast and all would be sorted, but no we had to sit and wait ,to then be told they didn`t have a double ready but we could have a twin room. As i explained this was our 20th anniversay trip of a lifetime we would prefer at least a double bed!! After some more anxious moments we were given a &quot;free&quot; upgrade. The room we were given was lovely , no complaints.We had 3 night and then off to ireland ,but we were returning on xmas eve for 2 nights before venturing to paris. When we checked out on the 19th we thought we would ask for the same room for when we returned and we were told yes that would be fine for the 31st. We had to then get our voucher out for the 24th 25th of dec, Guess what? Our booking was not there for those dates. They only had our booking for the 31st to the 6th of jan. They took a photo copy and said all would be sorted when we arrived back on the 24th. When we arrived back guess what? No booking to be found. Needless to say we were upgraded to a suite. Christmas day was raining so we spent the afternoon in the glenn miller bar with a bottle of moet and christmas night dinner was awesome !! yum!! when we arrived back from paris they just put us in the same suite again so not really sure if booking was there or not. Was so over the reception by this stage we did not care. The hotel is in the best position and the lights in oxford street were beautiful. The breakfast each day was very nice and all the staff in the restaurant and bar could not do enough for you.The concierge and the porters were all fantastic as was the man on the ticket counter. We booked tickets to see Phantom of the opera and got great seats.It is only a 20 minute walk to the theatre and everywhere was an ease to get to. The three tuns pub around the corner is a great place to eat and you will be served by a lot of aussie girls!!	
Jan 14 2008 	Theatre weekend	My wife and I arrived at the hotel at 2.00pm on 12/01/08, we made our journey by car which we parked next door in the NCP car park, £32.00 for 24 hours (25 % discount on leaving brought the cost down to £24.00 once hotel staff validated our ticket).Check in was straight forward, booked standard room and were given a 'free' upgrade. Found staff to be polite even though they struggled a little with their English.Room was very nice, a little noisey as we were on the fifth floor overlooking Oxford Street. Only to be expected really, after all, we were in the middle of London and not in the countryside. There were complimentary tea and coffee and some really nice chocolate chip cookies, bottles of water, toiletries and a bath robe. Five channel TV was a little basic but there was 'pay TV' if you wanted it, wasn't really too bothered, if I wanted to watch TV I'd have stayed at home!Breakfast was nice, a choice of continental and English, there was a bit of a queue but the wait was worth it.Checking out was straight forward and quick. If you are going to Oxford Street to shop this hotel is ideally situated with Hyde Park just a couple of minute walk away. We went to see Hairspray at the Shaftesbury Theatre which was a good 25 minute walk, it was easy to get to and a nice stroll back.All in all a fantastic stay, would go back to Thistle Marble Arch again.	
Jan 14 2008 	Not so good	After a group of us had booked this hotel and only then seeing the reviews I am not shocked. The lack of the English language at reception was ridiculous, the lady who booked us in was fine yet our companions receptionist was ludicrous(he ended up paying an extra £25 for his room somehow).The Glenn Miller bar was way over-priced and lacked any sort of atmosphere. Getting from the lifts to your room felt like a trek from Cape Town to the Highveld. Finally arriving at the room we were shocked to find a tiny little bedroom (£116 per night) with the littlest, albeit clean and modern, bathroom I have ever seen. After my bath I had to dry myself in the bedroom such was the lack of space in the bathroom. Furthermore, the TV only had a few channels (5?), plus the pay channels for movies and porn.All in all, not a good experience.	
Jan 14 2008 	Nice hotel shame about the extra's	I stayed at the Thistle Marble Arch with a party from work - I was the main person booking the accomodation, and we booked over 100 rooms in total. I thought that this may give me a little better service as they would have appreciated our custom. How wrong could I have been!We arrived later than expected as we got stuck in the traffic in central London - the hotel gives directions from Marble Arch down oxford street - which is closed during peak times!! We found the hotel eventually and parked next door in the NCP carpark, we were given a 20% discount on our parking from the hotel - just make sure you get your parking ticket validated or you will end up paying £30 per night to park!Check in took at least 20 minutes, non of the staff spoke english, I had previously spoke to them several times to get directions when we were lost in London, but they weren't any help at all. We were eventually given our room key on the 5th floor. The room was very small - much smaller than anything i have stayed in before. The TV was very basic - 5 channels. Bathroom was decent size with nice toiletries - only 1 bath towel between 2 of us. We went to an awards party at the grosvenor hotel so didnt spent any time in the hotel that night. The following morning the maid tried to come into our room at 8am, which woke us up (we didnt get home until 3am!!) this then continued every 15 minutes for an hour and a half and in the end we got up and went down for breakfast. Apparently we were supposed to put a light on or something to say we didnt want to be disturbed - no one told us this! Anyway, tried to go down for breakfast - waited 15 minutes for the lifts. Ended up walking down the emergency stairs to get down to 1st floor. Waited 15 minutes to be seated for breakfast, went to get our breakfast from the counter and the 'toast girl' took that long serving us that our table was given away and we had no where to sit. The brekfast was horrible, not what I would expect from a meal which costs about £12 per head. We ended up leaving our breakfast and going back up to the room - by which time the maid was in there, so I couldnt get changed. We just took our things and left. Took another 10 mins to check out and have our parking ticket validated. Asked for directions from the hotel back to the M1, the receptionist offered me a tube map!! All in all, good location - if you know london and how to get there!! Small room, horrible breakfast, rubbish staff. My company paid £145 per night for all of our 100 rooms, would never go back!	
Jan 2 2008	excellent location for shoppers	Just recently returned from a pre christmas break with my friend.We stayed at the Thistle Hotel Marble Arch in London. This hotelhas a fantastic location for shoppers and sightseers. The hotelwas beautiful. Our standard twin room was spacious enough fortwo and very comfortable. On arrival the reception staff were notover friendly we were not welcomed and we were asked immediately if we wanted an upgraded room for 25 pounds extra for each night. They did'nt tell us the times for breakfast, but on the other hand our bags were brought up to the room for us.Our room was on the top floor with a wonderful view. The mini barwas empty and on enquiring about restocking as advised in the brochure we were told that we were welcome to bring in our ownwine etc. but the hotel does not restock the minibar. Perhaps theyshould update their literature!!! Breakfast next morning was notincluded in overall price which we knew and cost 14.95. It was an average breakfast for such a big hotel. On the second morning we went to an Italian restaurant Pontis on Duke Street and had the full English Breakfast for 12.00. It was fab.On returning on the second night about midnight we had a bitof difficulty in getting a drink from the bar. We had our room cards but were told they were the same as the hotel accross the roadsroom cards and we would have to get verification from receptionbefore being served. Off we went and returned with required piece of paper and another staff member served us immediately without even asking us if we were residents or not. That was abit annoying.Overall very nice.	
Dec 27 2007 	perfect location for shopping	Thistle Marble Arch was wonderful. Service friendly rooms larger than expected. Affordable,clean breakfast great. Would return to hotel again.	
Dec 26 2007	Great hotel - fantastic service	We stayd at this hotel from 15th to 18th December. We arrived early and the room was not ready. The receptionist promised to give us a nice room, and when we returned, we got a very nice and large room on the 6th floor.The room was very clean, with a big comfy bed and a nice bathroom.We had breakfast included, and found the meal very tasty and a good start for the day.What makes this hotel so special, is that we feel very welcome.There is always time for a &quot;hello&quot; and a smile - which gives a good atmosphere. The location is also fantastic.This was our 2nd visit, and we have already booked a week at this hotel in April 2008.	
Dec 23 2007 	A very Average Hotel	We stayed with this Hotel recently as we were attending a concert at the O2. On arrival the Hotel is very uninspiring with the decor in the lobby area dated and stale (but clean). Check in was a standard check in with the usual nicities from a some what tired script.The room was small and basic with a view of Oxford Street. The windows were rather curious. Very old single glazed but with two sets of them stuck together, why i am not quite sure as they neither kept the noise out or the heat in (thank God for Air con).Breakfast was a wash of brown foods soaked in fat but service was ok.The location of the Hotel cannot be faulted however as it is just on Oxford Street and handy for the shops and all the major sites.Overall an underwhelming stay and i would not return.	
Dec 11 2007	Up and down	Encountered several problems while staying here this past weekend. The one bright light was the staff especially Ushma at reception. We were charged more than had been quoted by telephone and of course I had received no evidence to support my claim as had no written or emailed confirmation just a reservation number. The room we were given was awful, we asked for family room and got a triple which was very basic and which stank of airfreshener making me wonder what smells it was masking! I had to address this and it was suggested I vacate the room for two hours! As we had been travelling from early and shopping all day this was not an option. We were changed to a junior suite which I very much appreciated and it was much better except the sofa bed which we needed to use as three of us - didn't work - I reported to house keeping but when we returned very late there was bedding in the room but no where to sleep so my sister had to lie across the sofa. She reported that she kept falling into the sofa and had to try and stuff it during the night. Overall a disappointing stay especially as my parents had stayed there before but I won't be back! Thankfully the concierge and the porters were wonderful, friendly and helpful!	
Nov 26 2007 	Wonderful experience	Stayed 6 nights at this hotel in November 2007. Overall, we were extremely pleased by it. Location is excellent; easy access to the tube and buses. Breakfast (included) was more than satisfactory. Staff worked hard and were quite pleasant, even if english was not their first language frequently. Room quite nice. We took a room near the corner of Portman and Oxford, 2nd floor. Was concerned about street noise (given other reviews) but this was not a problem. Checked in early (11 am) and the hotel (mercifully) was able to take us early (exhausted due to overnight flight). Would happily stay here anytime. Great pub around the corner (the three tuns). Didn't try the Carvery or room service. Free newspapers daily. Safe in room. Queen size bed. Windows that open. Who could ask for more??	
Nov 25 2007 	Manager saved the day	Found hotel staff to be very nice and helpful.The hotel was in a good area for getting around.We were somewhat disappointed in our room we were given upon check-in. The room was drab and the curtains were in need of replacing,the view was one to forget. We did not request a different room but let the staff know we were disappointed and in a short time the manager had us moved to a much better room.Due to the managers action I would stay here again,however, I would book an above standard room.	
Nov 19 2007	Really Overated	We stayed here last weekend as part of a coach party that were from South Wales. On first impression the Hotel looked stunning with its marble floors and very impressive welcoming staff. Every hotel that I have stayed at in the past have had nice clean brilliant white towels. The towels here were grey and hard. I was really shocked because the hotel is stunningly presented. On the Sunday morning that we were leaving I pulled the bed covers back and to my amazement found that on the white duvet cover was a large area of dried blood. It was so disgusting that guests should find this after paying so much to stay. Either the staff are underpaid and over worked or they just couldn't be bothered to change it and hope that no one saw it. DISGUSTING. Wouldn't stay here again. Anyone wishing to stay here be warned to pull the covers back and check things out on arrival. It was too late for me as I had already slept in the bed before noticing it. YUK. Coudn't fault the staff. So helpful and polite.	
Nov 9 2007 	Thoroughly enjoyed our stay	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and found it very enjoyable.The staff were most helpful and the location was excellent.The room was good as was the food in the restaurant.I particularly liked the buffet breakfast which is handy if you have had a good night out. My only gripe is that Marble Arch is only served by the Central Line so you usually have to change tube to get to and from the hotel.	
Nov 9 2007 	Very good hotel	Very clean, kind staff, good location, comfortable beds.	
Oct 31 2007 	In my opinion not value for money	Very large comfortable bed with well stuffed pillows, strong shower pressure with adequate facilites, clean. Disappointing service at Dinner and Breakfast spoilt the overall experience. Steam shower in room out of service but no notification at check in.	
Oct 30 2007	Over-rated	Stayed here in a 2 day business trip in June, attending a conference in the hotel itself. Totally over-rated hotel, just living off its reputation as a London city centre hotel. They seem to be able to charge whatever they like as its always full of business travellers (who don't care what they pay) and American tourists willing to be ripped-off. Location is good but it has nothing to offer to merit it high prices and 4 stars. Seems to have hundreds of staff, none of whom impressed. Reception staff were totally incompetent and couldn'teven tell me if there were any vacancies when I arrived at the conference - had to call central reservations myself.	
Oct 29 2007	Mainly good about the Thistle.	Spent 2 nights there in October 2007. A huge place occupying a whole block above shops at street level. Long way to walk along the corridors if your room is diagonally opposite the lifts. Our room was not ready &amp; we were persuaded to pay a bit extra for one that was overlooking busy Oxford Street. Room &amp; bathroom were huge. Shower over bath. Some background noise from traffic but not too bad. Slept v well even though mattress not the best. Breakfasts rivalled those on the QM2. Attended by hundreds in 2 separate rooms. Dinner not so good. Well located. 20 minute walk through Hyde Park to Harrods. Scenic tour buses start nearby at Speakers' Corner. Commissionaire &amp; cab rank at front door. Best of all, a traditional English pub, &quot;The Two Tuns&quot; is 50 yards along from the front door. Ample staff but some a bit vague/hard to understand. A parcel posted to me to the hotel a week before my arrival was waiting for me.John Exner, 2 Buena Vista Avenue, Wentworth Falls, NSW, 2782, Australia.	
Oct 28 2007 	Marble Arch - Brilliant Base for First Visit to London	We had an inner room on the 8th floor, which I am guessing was the basic room deal the hotel offers. However, it felt better than basic with enough space to feel comfortable in for a four night stay. The bathroom was clean and well-arranged. The breakfasts were excellent if you were looking for a good start to the day, and the carvery meals were really good too. I'd read varied reviews about the staff - apart from two fairly minor incidents, all we came across were really helpful and friendly. It doesn't feel too much like a big hotel, though breakfast time towards the weekend got more fraught. It was our first time in London, and what I wanted was to be as central as possible in a reliable establishment. I spent an age on TripAdvisor, researching hotels with a growing feeling of concern. We were originally attracted to Thistle Charing Cross, but they couldn't offer triple room facilities for the date I wanted. They suggested Marble Arch, and it was a real case of serendipity. Positives - you are right at the start of the two bus tour routes (Speaker's Corner), you have shops for any kind of unexpected requirement, within a three minute walk of the hotel (Sainsbury Marble Arch shuts at midnight, M&amp;S food hall 9:00, Superdrug is under neath, Primark is across the road if you need to replace any clothing in emergency). The clientele seemed to be a good mix - business, families, older couples, young couples, friends away together, foreign tourists and British tourists - so you don't feel out-of-place. For all it is a large hotel, we found it very quiet and settled when we were in our room. There is a coffee bar serving lighter snacks unil quite late, which is convenient of you are tired, but there are any number of other options within walking distance.Negatives - one morning the breakfast room was really busy and we got the worst table ever. Three of us were put onto a two person table, right next to the clearing bench. We were very focused on getting out to go on a bus tour so we just got on with it. That was it really - everything else about the hotel helped make this vacation with my family a really special time. I would go back, without any hesitation whatsoever.	
Oct 8 2007 	Would stay again	My usual haunts being booked, I was sent here last week. Slightly higher rate than I usually pay, but the room was surprisingly large for a London hotel, fixtures were good, room service speedy and reception and other staff very effective and pleasant. Have paid much more for far worse. Very convenient for various tube and bus routes and amenities. Would not be unhappy if Expotel put me there again.	
Oct 7 2007 	Great Location	I stayed here with my wife for 3 nights. Location of hotel is excellent. Hotel is on a block on Oxford St with it's entrance on a parallel side street. We used the National Express A6 bus service to get to this hotel from Stansted Airport. It has a stop and pickup point on Oxford Street beside this hotel. Location is excellent for shopping in Oxford St. We went to 2 shows in the Palladium and Picadilly theatres and it is 10min walk to the Palladium and maybe 20min to the Picadilly. Marble Arch tube station is beside this hotel block as are multiple bus stops.We booked the hotel with asiarooms.com. This was very competively priced and breakfast was included. Full price was paid in advance. Check in/out was smooth except it seems we were booked into a twin room. I can't at this point say that it was an error with the way I made the booking online or an error on the part of asiarooms or the hotel.Room was on the 8th floor and it was nice size and clean. Breakfast was average with hot and cold foods and a selection of nice muffins etc. We did not have dinner or lunch in the hotel so I cannot comment on that. We did use the hotel coffee shop that was near reception area and would recommend it. There was a medium size bar in the hotel also.Overall I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 4 2007 	Disapointing	My wife and myself have spent the last week end of September in this hotel.Two incidents spoiled our stay:- after having checked in (around 9PM on Friday night), using the key we were given, we entered in what we thought was an empty and private room!! In fact the room was occupied by somebody!!! How can the computer allocate a room which has already been allocated?? Besides saying they were sorry, nobody, at the desk could explain how this could have happended- we had dinner on Friday night in the restaurant (very expensive, not worth what was in our plates). The bill amounted to 41 £ (two colfd buffets, one beer, one still water), gratuity included. When we left on Sunday, the amount on the final bill had climbed to more than 46 £. After 20 minutes discussions to see the originals of the bills, the front desk manager accepted to show us the dinner bills: the one amounting to 41£, signed by me, and the other one (same date, same time...) not signed, and he said to me: can you confirm you didn't have the dinner corresponding to the 46£ (which had no signature!!!). How can such a stupid question be asked to a customer? by the way, it was the third time we had been in this hotel, but I am afraid it will be the last timeBesides this, very well located when you want to shop on Oxford Street.	
Sep 22 2007 	Average Hotel Great Location	This hotel, overall, is ,at best, average. The only positive thing we can say about it is the location (great shopping on Oxford Street) and the access to the Underground. The beds were rock hard, the view uninspiring, and the hotel food (breakfast and dinner) was dull and overpriced. We paid $80 for a buffet dinner that was incredibly average. If you're there, take a walk down to James Street (off Oxford) and there are some great little restaurants there.	
Sep 15 2007	Meh - Not that good.	The hotel was okay, but I wouldn't go again.1. We arrived early at about 7 am in the morning because of the early flight from Singapore, The told us to go back at 1 pm, 5 hours! So we were extremely jet lag, so we decided to go for a walk.2. We got back and everyone was evacuated from the hotel, there was a fire in the elevator shaft.3. The staff we quite bitchy. Especially a woman called 'Londres' at the downstairs lobby.4. Smoking was allowed in the upstairs lobby, horrible.5. All food Overpriced.6. Rooms were very average, it now gives me the impression that english hotels are quite plain compared to it's neighbours France, Spain etc.7. View was depressing. 8. It's livable but only for a couple nights at maximum.9. Area was pretty good, as it was quite vibrant with a tube station near by.	
Sep 4 2007	good hotel great location	my mum treated me for my birthday which was february so waited for the lighter nights and stayed 12th to 13th may. only round the corner from marble arch tube station so was brilliant for transport. staff were friendly but like most hotels in london not clear english spoken. room was nice even had welcome on the television. view out of window wasn't great onto the back of hotel but we weren't really in the room that much. light switch confused us for a bit there seemed to be a master swith that then you can turn lights on and off with another. bathroom was on the small side but ok had the usual tea and coffee facilities. didn't get back till midnight saw les miserables and I was hungry so caught the kfc round the corner before it closed. sunday you had free newspaper and huge buffet breakfast continental and full english. we made the most of this so it filled us up for the rest of the day. we checked out early and left cases at euston while we went round the east end to brick lane to get beigels and huge eccles cakes 50p. although we didn't really stay in the hotel that much it was nice clean and friendly. breakfast was brilliant so would recommend.	
Aug 29 2007 	Great location Nice room - everything else not so good....	Marble Arch - great location. For 15 pounds, we upgraded both rooms. No problem there - in fact, rooms were a very nice size.However, the hotel is huge with only four elevators and for two days, two were out of service. When I inquired when they would all be back in service, the front desk did not have a clue. Waits were very long and people were forced to figure out the maze of stairs to get to the lobby area.DIning was fine - good quality but very crowded and hectic.Other services - wireless connection was difficult to establish and confusion at the front desk did not help. Further it was very expensive - 10 pounds per day. For the price of the hotel, it should be included.Before you could make an outside call, you needed to go the reception desk to leave a 300 pound deposit - yes 300 pounds. absurd. Pay channels were also not able to be established. In the overall scheme of things, not a big deal, but for the price, the amenities should run more smoothly. With all the choices in London, I would try somewhere else.	
Aug 1 2007	A little tired restaurant staff unfriendly	Spent 4 nights in this wonderfully located hotel. Position is really unbeatable, we had a room facing Oxford Street. Our room was, however, a little too noisy as there was no insulation from the road. The hotel was clean, but looked a little tired. We had dinner at the hotel restaurant one night and the staff wasnt that friendly. Food was too expensive, even for London, and not that great. Avoid the restaurant if you can. We didnt have breakfast and I cannot comment on that.	
Jul 31 2007 	Great Family Suite	We were given this hotel by our travel agent as part of a GoGo Tour package. We are a family of four (two teenagers). I was nervous about the size of the room since, although it was booked as a family suite, I thought we would merely be given a king size bed and a cot (since I heard Europe hotels are generally small). Were we surprised when we walked into the room. Not only was the room recently renovated, but it was truly a suite - two rooms. The first room had a large king size bed with all the amenities, and the second adjoining room had two twin beds. There was a t.v. in each room and enough closet space for all, with bathrobes!! We loved it here and would highly recommend the rooms for a family traveling to Europe.	
Jul 18 2007 	Good choice	Good choice--clean rooms, nice size. Nice size bathroom. Excellent breakfast--buffet. Near Marble Arch and Bond St tube stations, grocery store nearby. Located near lots of shopping and restaurants in the area. Very happy and would stay there again.	
Jul 17 2007 	Very nice hotel	Just returned from a week in London and stayed at the Thistle Marble Arch. We stayed in an Executive King and therefore I cannot comment on a standard or a double deluxe room. Our room was extremely nice. It was a nice size, large bath, comfortable king bed with duvet. Plenty of drawers. Nice closet with wooden hangers. Good iron and ironing board. AC worked very well and quietly. No problems with street noise (5th floor). There was even a 115 volt outlet on the desk! I found the service to be excellent from the porters who brought up our luggage and held onto it at the end of the trip, to reception, maid service, concierge, etc. Everyone was very nice. It was like staying on 34th Street in Manhattan. I did not think it was the &quot;poshest&quot; area. The tube was a block away which we used constantly to get around. We usually ate breakfast at &quot;Pret a Manger&quot; a block away for decent american coffee and muffin/pastry or baguette and a lot cheaper than the hotel. No complaints with this hotel.	
Jul 1 2007 	Excellent location	Stayed here for 4 nights at the end of June 2007 with my daughter, picked it mainly so she would be close to the shops. we were greeted by a very friendly doorman, our luggage was whisked away (to be delivered very promptly) and we were directed up to reception, where we we received another friendly and efficient greeting. The receptionist took great trouble over allocating us a room to suit our wishes - non-smoking and quiet. Our hearts sank a bit when we stepped out of the lift and saw the length of the corridors, rather dark and seemingly endless, but our room was fine - quite spacious for London and well-equipped: two wardrobes, safe, ironing board &amp; iron, table, easy chairs, TV, tea-maker and a fridge. The bathroom was big as well; my only negative comment was that stepping over the high side of the bath to use the shower could be difficult with for anyone with mobility problems. After the first night I asked for a sheet (the beds are made with duvets which I find too hot) and housekeeping sent it in promptly. It was exceptionally quiet - if that's what you want, make sure to ask for a room that doesn't face onto Oxford Street! There's air-conditioning as well, so you can be as hot or cold as you want.The breakfasts were very good, no waiting at all for a table and lots of choices whether you wanted a continental or a full English. We ate in the restaurant one night and the food was fine (if a bit slow arriving) and the service was extremely attentive. We also used room service one night when we came in wet and cold and the meal was delivered within the promised time.The big plus about what is basically a chain hotel is its location at the Marble Arch end of Oxford Street. It takes 2 minutes to walk to Marble Arch tube, and you can get a bus is any direction from either side of Oxford Street or Portman Street. Within 5 minutes you have so many shops - Marks &amp; Spencer, Boots, Selfridges, Debenhams, HMV - the list is endless.It's not top-class luxury but the amenities and the location would be hard to beat. Every staff member we came into contact with was extremely pleasant and i would be happy to stay here again.	
Jun 21 2007	Fabulous Location	Excellent hotel, really big room. Huge bed and good bathroom with very powerful shower. Excellent central location, especially for shopping. Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, especially the bar staff. I will definitely consider this hotel next time I visit London.	
Jun 18 2007 	Poor Room Conditions and Customer Service	Our stay at the Thistle Marble Arch was very poor. Front desk staff were quite rude. The room was in disrepair; moldy grout and no ventilation. Overall very poor quality; I would not stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 3 2007 	What a PLEASANT SURPRISE !!!	We did not know what to expect, but this was the hotel our tour included, so here we stayed. What a pleasant surprise! Check in time was 2:00 pm. We arrived at 10:30 am, and were immediately checked in to an upgraded room for no additional price (although it was listed at $40.00 more per night). The room was immaculate, with a very firm double bed, as comfortable as our bed at home, the first time this has EVER been the case at a hotel. The private bath was large and well appointed, with excellent water pressure for the shower. I could not get my adapter to work on the electrical system, so I called for an engineer. He arrived within three minutes (this was on a weekend day), told me I had the wrong adapter, left, returned five minutes later with proper adapters, hooked them up, tested everything, and there was no charge for any of this. And listen to this...TWO free ice machines on each floor...just try finding that in Europe! I found ALL the personnel fluent in English, very helpful, and unfailingly pleasant and polite. The food in the restaurant was excellent, with the full English breakfast particularly good. The CARVERY meal in the evening was the only true food value I found while in London. For about $20.00 you get all-you-can-eat of roast rib of beef, leg of lamb, ham, turkey, and the most delicious grilled shrimp on a skewer I've ever eaten. The side dishes are also particularly good, consisting mainly of fresh vegatables, grilled, braised and sauteed. The roasted potatoes and the braised parsnip and carrot melange are highlights. The restaurant service is also superior. The location is perfect...steps from Oxford Street, Hyde Park, and the Marble Arch Underground Station. From now on I will ONLY stay at the Thistle Marble Arch when visiting London...FIVE STARS when considering value as it relates to quality.	
May 31 2007 	Staff have no respect for Customers	This Hotel initially refused to honour our Expedia / Hotels.com booking. The Management and counter attendance staff were unpolite, ignorant and were not interested in our assertions that the room was already paid for. The Management insisted that there was no room in the hotel booked under our reference. We were advised that that Hotel was booked out and that they would only be able to give us a room &quot;as a favour!!!&quot;&quot; if we paid a significantly increased price (on top of the booking to Hotels.com). Our alternative was to seek accomodation else where. This was very distressing given that we arrived at the Hotel at approximately 10.30 at night. Alas we had to initially pay a second time for the same booking and it was not until the following day that we were able to get the entire matter sorted, when Hotels.com contacted the Hotel on our behalf.I have since spoken with other people who have encountered similar difficulties at other branches of this Hotel chain. At no juncture was an appology offered. The customer is always right is by no means followed at this establishment and I would advise against staying here.	
May 30 2007 	We would stay there again	My 20 year old and I stayed May 19 -21 at The Thistle Marble Arch. She loved the location. It's very busy, steps away from the bus and tube stations, steps away from major department stores and the Marble Arch itself. It takes no time at all to get anywhere. The buses stop right at the back of the hotel on Oxford Street. The British Museum is 3 stops, Covent Garden 10 minutes in bad traffic (with a good private driver). Hyde Park diagonally across the street. Harrods, a short tube ride or a stroll across Hyde Park. We came from King's Cross by bus and it took less than 30 minutes with the bus stopping seemingly every other corner. Riding the bus from the top deck is a great way to sight-see, takes a wee bit longer, but you avoid the crowds in the tube and the stairs. We upgraded our room which is probably why we liked our stay so much. The upgrade gets you a bigger room. The room was a more American size with a lovely closet, a safe for valuables, and an ironing board. My daughter liked the mattress, I hated it. I am heavier, she is petite. I am 50, she is 20. The room was very nice, with fluffy bathrobes for us to use, a sitting area and pleasant colors. However, my daughter made jokes about the decor because of the pattern. The upgrade gives you access to the lounge where they have food and drinks, including alcohol. So the money we would have spent grabbing breakfast or lunch (at $2.00/pound) equalized with the money spent for the upgrade because what they put out was more than enough. It also had internet access on two computers and sometimes we got on immediately and other times we waited for other guests to finish. BUT they have wi-fi everywhere in the hotel if you bring your own. There is a gym room with everything and in the upgrade lounge a big flat screen tv where people noshed, drank (beer, wine, hard liquor, coffee, tea, water, juices, sodas) and watched the game (Chelsea won).The staff was variable from two phenomenal concierges to one so-so, to the great door and luggage men, to the incredible person in charge of housekeeping for our floor (5th) who, with a wonderful smile, and a pronounced limp, was a delight and brought us armloads of extra towels, twice! The reception staff acts cold and diffident initally, as if they are bracing themselves for complaints, but the woman who checked us in warmed up quite a bit when we didn't complain. The people behind the desk in upgrade lounge are not really there to serve you and do so sometimes grudgingly. The spend a lot of time on their computer and are loath to break it off to assist you. When they ask if you want a quiet room, check out the photos of the view, it is of vents and machines on a roof. However, to be fair, it was very quiet. The noise from the street is considerable. The shower doesn't work anymore, so they have fixed this with a hose that runs from the bath spout up, it only comes to my shoulder and when the hose is pulled out it does not reach the top of my head (5'4&quot;). To get into the tub/shower combo is a big step over the edge of the bathtub. I do not recommend for elderly or persons with mobility issues. All in all, with location and the upgrade lounge, we would definitely stay again. Two nights for that weekend (very busy weekend) with the upgrade and taxes were $650 or 325 pounds.	
May 23 2007	It Has To Take Work To Be This Awful	I'm a frequent business traveller on my second night in the hotel as I type this and must say, honestly, that it's one of the worst hotel experiences IN MY LIFE. I'm used to top notch service with first class rooms from Ritz, Schrager, Four Seasons, W hotels etc. However, except for the housekeeping staff who are very very nice, the staff has been at times rude and consistently unhelpful. At a rate of over 200 GBP a night the room quality is atrocious. The first night, room service got my order incorrect. On the second night they &quot;lost my order&quot; after I called them 1.5 hours after placing my order. I'm still waiting for my order. When I tried to drop laundry off at the front desk, I was told &quot;we don't take that here. You need to go back to your room and call housekeeping.&quot; When I tried to go to the restaurant at 10:30am to order a non buffet breakfast, I was told (by the restaurant manager, no less, while the staff was breaking down the buffet) &quot;You take from buffet. It is English breakfast.&quot; This is after 3 times telling her I was just interested in ordering something from a menu. I'm not exaggerating when I say that this is the worst service in the most overpriced room I've ever stayed in. I'm going to tell everyone I know never to ever stay in any Thistle Hotel.	
May 12 2007 	Marble Arch has kept PAR.	I can’t complain about much of anything. The price was right and the people friendly. The bellhops are courteous and helpful with all luggages to and from the room. They are very concerned about the well being of your luggage and its safety. The doorman is helpful with taxis both arriving and departing. Taxis are easy to come by. By the second day the buses are so easy and accessible from this hotel I just started riding the buses after my Starbucks (only a short distance down from the hotel). The concierge will make any arrangements you want and even suggest on others. The front desk people are friendly and helpful. The rooms are cleaned on a daily basis by a kind and efficient cleaning crew. Overall the hotel is very clean and as I have read prior to going per other reviews and agree it’s an extremely busy hotel. I suppose that is do to the price and location. Overall can’t get too excited about the hotel because it’s not awesome but very manageable for a place to crash after a long day of travel or meetings for a reasonable price. Like one taxi driver that dropped me off said ‘I think there is a Thistle everywhere now.’ Some negatives for me were paying for internet usage, the long drop off from the shower tub to the floor; my bed had a few broken springs making it feel awkward and the dimness of the lights both in the room and throughout the hotel.	
Apr 11 2007 	Great room great breakfast great service	Stayed for a week, excellent check in/check out, had emailed a request for a room on the lower floor, received that-- very busy hotel--our room was large and clean, marble bathroom, firm mattress, no noise problems, concierge helpful, breakfast buffet was excellent! All staff very friendly. Recommend highly.	
Apr 10 2007 	No problems	My girlfriend and I stayed here on Good Friday for one night. We got a great rate on a website and paid EUR 147 for the night, which is a big saving on the hotel website rate.  We arrived at 9 am and went to the check in where the reception staff promptly checked us in, although there was no room ready for us until later. We had requested a smoking room and the check in guy told us he would upgrade us to a deluxe room for free, when I checked in later that day a a different staff member give me the keys to the room but I think she may have put me back into a standard room. I didn't mention it to the staff as I didn't feel it affected our stay and we were not in the room long enough to want the hassle of looking for the free upgrade. The location of the hotel is great, at the top of Oxford street with two tube stations minutes away plus all the shops you could want. We walked down to Soho on Friday night and there was a nice atmosphere all the way, although it is a 25-30 minute walk so give yourself time.  The room was spacious with a huge window overlooking Oxford street, the double bed was a bit on the small side but not a problem The bathrrom was spotless and my only complaint is that the shower head was attached to the wall and was far too low for me. We didn't find the street room noisy, although we live in on a busy street at home so are used to it. Overall I thought the hotel was good value and in a good location, although I don't think its a 4*. I would look at other hotels on my next trip to London but the value of Marble Arch could bring me back.	
Apr 9 2007 	GREAT HOTEL	Arrived 30th of March with my 9 year old daughter, Hotel suitated well on arrival was greeted with an escalator and hundred stairs!! Check in was extreemly busy 7 check ins in all, was offered an upgrade which we took, but room wasnt ready, so left luggage and went shopping. On return 100 guests were also checking in, however 1 kind manager saw us and handed over the room key 503, room very nice glad I ahd upgraded, bathroom old but clean. Our room was suitated on the side of the hotel so I thought that the noise wouldn't be too bad, how wrong! the windows are old metal frames so the noise of the traffic could still be heard. Mattress was firm but nice , the pillows leave much to be desired FOAM. On an excellant note, decided to eat early prior to a show and went to the Cavery, what excellant value, staff extreemly attentative and great with my daughter. Food hot and plenty of choice, however £8.00 for a large glass of wine was!!!!!! But I needed it.Breakfast each morning was busy, they opened another room for large groups. I have to say that the tables were a little too near each other so you were nearly on top of your neighbours. But again food hot and plently of choice.Would I return yes, value of money yes,Checkout was smooth and we were able to lleave our bags from 10am till 2pm no problem.	
Mar 29 2007 	Satisfied Gust	We researched all our options for our London trip. Since British Airways had a deal wih some hotels we decided to use their list, and eventually setled on the Thistle MArble Arch. I am very glad we did. It proved to be great location for anything any everything. Close to two tube stops (both on Oxford Street), buses pick up right outside on Oxford Street, and black cabs congregate by the front door, so you are never without transportation. If shopping is your objective, the hotel is located on Oxford Street which is chock full of hgh line shops and classy department stores the equal of any in NYC. There's also the low-cost stores as well. And food, even American style, is very plentiful around the hotel.The room itself was a 3-bed triple. It was divided into a T shape, with the bed roompart making the main part, with closet/desk area as one cross and the bathroom the other cross. (For London) Very large room, large bathroom, and large closets. The room was always clean and comfortable. If you are planning a summer trip, be advised this hotel has en suite digital thermostats (air conditioning!!!!)The breakfast was good and plentiful. The staff were very cordial.A few words of advice:1)buy a London travel card - it covers practically everything you'll need in London as far as tansport. 2)ride bus #15 to get a feel for where things are, and sit on the left side of the top deck, up front if possible. We used the tube until I finally convinced my family to try the bus. The tube is quicker, but you see nohing but a concrete and tile hole. besides, the tube at rush hour is not where a tourist wants to be. On the bus you can see some sites and get your bearings. Bus #15 passes right in front of Thistle and goes al the way to St. Paul's and beyond.	
Mar 20 2007 	Decent location decent hotel	My family &amp; I booked this hotel as part of a travel package through a great AAA travel agent. When we arrived, we found that we were near Oxford Street (shopping!!) and the Marble Arch Underground Station. The hotel itself was a bit dark in the corridors and could use some refurbishment (although the lobby was fairly nice). There was occasionally a wait for the four elevators, and it wasn't easy to find the stairs. I'd caution seniors and people with disabilities that some of the corridor doors can be difficult to open, and our standard bathrooms required a pretty big step up to get into the tub. The bed was VERY firm (it felt like I was sleeping on a box spring instead of a mattress). We liked the fact that there was a switch in our room that caused a corresponding sign on the wall outside to illuminate &quot;service room&quot; or &quot;do not disturb&quot; (definitely better than little hangtags which can easily disappear). Our room was always clean, with plenty of towels (big towels, too, not the smaller ones so common in the States).The reception personnel were nice, but it was sometimes difficult to understand them, and we didn't always know who to talk to about our concerns. For example, we'd requested a wake-up call for 06:00 our first morning that never came (but our family members in the other room received two random calls they did not request right around the same time). We tried to talk to the front desk personnel, but they seemed confused and not very helpful (they said we could set up a wake-up call on our phone, but it didn't connect). Every morning after that, we received a wake-up call at 06:40, which we never asked for (luckily my sister's mobile phone had an alarm clock, because we needed to be up early to get to breakfast before the mob hit). There were a couple minor maintenance issues that never got resolved even after we reported them (the nice freestanding closet had its own light, which was in need of a new bulb all week). The breakfast spread was quite extensive (&quot;Full English Breakfast&quot; is no joke!), and very tasty, and the restaurant staff was friendly and helpful. **TIP: get to breakfast EARLY, otherwise you might end up in the &quot;overflow&quot; seating due to the crowd in the main dining room, and the food options won't be as extensive.Some of the side streets near the hotel were not very well lit at night (I wouldn't want to walk around there alone), but once you get to Oxford Street, it's better. The hotel was quirky and nice, and in a decent location, but we would probably choose another place next time.	
Mar 14 2007	Greatly improved	We are an elderly couple, often stayed there in the past but gave it up two years ago when standards fell below our liking. Tried again this year (march 1st to 7th) found it vastly improved: clean rooms, attentive staff at breakfast, no noisy chambermaids in the corridors, generally each service much more efficient. It again is a hotel of real four-star quality. This is apparently what a change of management can do. Amos Benvered, Jerusalem, Israel.[-]	
Mar 8 2007	Great experience	We stayed at the Thistle Marble Arch for seven nights in Feb/March 2007. The hotel was booked as part of an Air Transat Holiday package.The hotel has an excellent central location and is only a few steps away from the Marble Arch tube station, and from Oxford Steet. Our room was clean, modern and quite spacious (by London standards). The bathroom was large and water pressure was strong. The full hot/cold buffet breakfast (included in our rate) had lots of choice and was very good. Staff at the hotel was friendly and helpful. Recommended!	
Feb 27 2007 	excellent hotel	Jean &amp; Jacques Toronto Canada, Great hotel, Great location, full breakfast was excellent, room was large, Staff was great.	
Feb 21 2007	Happy I finally found a good Hotel in London	We stayed at the Thistle Marble Arch from 10, Feb until 15.feb 2007....in a triple room (3 single beds) Since 2005 Feb we returned every year. (3x) Each Year in an other Hotel....since they werent good at all ..just expensive!But now I am really happy I found &quot;my&quot; Hotel! The rooms arent small at all. Its clean and the roomservice is great! We never had to wait along time, until we got a table at breakfest-time! We loved it: so many choices! Different bread, healthy muesli, joghurt, juices, fruits, muffins etc etc A plus is ...its served until 10:30am and I gather on Sundays even until 11:00am !!Big luggage store room...we left later in the evening..wasnt a problem at all! A helpful Concierge said we could pick it up until midnight!! :)We will return for sure....and I am really happy..we dont have look for an other Hotel next time!	
Feb 18 2007 	Great Stay!	We stayed at Thistle Marble Arch for 7 nights from 27th January to 3rd February 2007. We booked through a travel agent and paid a rate of 156 pounds a night for a family room, the rate included buffet breakfast. I chose the hotel based on reviews on tripadvisor. The location was important as we were travelling with 2 children. I emailed the hotel direct before we travelled and made some special requests, they were - 1. a room adjacent to lifts. 2. high floor. 3. quiet room. 4. early checkin. I recieved a reply from the hotel saying they would try to accomodate my requests, however could not guarrantee them. Our flight arrived in to Heathrow at 9am on a saturday, we arrived at the hotel around 10am. When we checked in we were told they had no family rooms and had been upgraded to an executive room, even better the room was ready for the early checkin! The room had an oversized king bed, and fold out sofa bed. Our 7 and 4 year olds slept on the sofa which was adequate. The mattress was firmer than i like, although we slept well each night. The room was large and overlooked the internal void mentioned in other reviews. The room was on the 5th floor and was right near the lifts. We did not notice any noise from the lifts that bothered us and only waited a few seconds for the lift. The busiest time is at weekends when you may wait a few seconds more. The bathrom was large with a full size bath and separate shower. Plenty of towels, bath robes and quality toiletries were replaced daily. There was plenty of storage and wardrobe space as well as a large desk area. We also had a mini fridge which was handy to keep snacks and drinks cold for the girls. We had complimentary bottled water replenished daily as well as tea coffee and biscuits. My husband has travelled all over the world with work and stayed in all standards of hotels, he also felt the room was of a good standard and was very clean. The room is decorated in traditional english style of striped wallpaper and dark curtains. I was pleased that there were no chintzy fabrics! The breakfast buffet was tasty and there was a good range of hot and continental food. We ate breakfast in the main dining room on the left every day except for the last day which was a saturday. We were ushered into the conference room which is the overflow breakfast room at busy times. Whilst the breakfast was identical it did not have the same feel as the one we dined in previously. You did wait on occasion for the fruit salad to be replenished or wait for a glass for juice, it was never long and as soon as we asked a member of staff for something they got straight on to it. Our room was #594 and we really enjoyed our stay. The number 15 bus is great for getting around London. We found the concierge staff helpful for advice on buses and restaurants for dinner. We bought a weekly oyster card which was valid for bus, tube, in zone 1 and 2. We only used the tube once as the bus was easier with a buggy. The children travelled free after 9.30 am which was fine as we never got off before then anyway. We ate most nights in the restaurants around James st, from the hotel you go left on to Oxford st and take a left just after Selfridges. There were mostly Italian, Spanish (tapas) and a few pubs. The Three Tuns pub which is 50 metres fom hotel is great for a drink and a bite to eat also. It does get very busy with the after work crowd but cheaper than the hotel bar. Overall we had a wonderful week in London, saw all the sights with ease and feel the hotel provided us a comfortable place to return after a long day. Yes, it is a busy hotel with guests coming and going constantly, however i think it suited our needs perfectly. I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel in the future. If you get the hotel on a discount booking site like priceline or similar you won't be disappointed. London hotels are expensive. Hotels here are not up to the same standard as we are used to in Australia versus value for money. I think if you keep that in mind you will enjoy your stay.	
Feb 13 2007 	Excellent location	The hotel is perfectly located just on the doorstep of Marble Arch tube station, however the entrance is on the other side of the building, some 300 m away. This is a huge hotel in a desperate need of refurbishing. I booked a double room and agreed to upgrade to executive for an extra 15 pounds per night. The room was very good is size but had lost it´s former glory. There were cracks in window and the carpet was worn. The mattress had seen better days. The electrical system was a complete farss, the power went out 3 times during our 2 night stay but luckily they sent a maintenance guy quite quickly every time.The full english breakfast was perfectly fine except for the waiting line for to be seated. Also, as the hotel is so big and there are only 4 lifts, getting up and down at breakfast time is ridiculous, it´s much easier to use the stairs but there´s a problem finding them.Overall I would recommend this hotel with some reservations.	
Feb 12 2007 	Conference Booking	I stayed here on business last week, and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the bedroom fittings (maybe I had an upgraded room compared to some of the photos on expedia). The food was excellent at breakfast (although the toaster only warmed the bread) as was the 'conference' food. I found the staff I encountered pleasant, although their english wasn't brilliant. I would recommend this hotel for a stay in central London as it was much better than some of the reviews posted.	
Feb 10 2007 	Wonderful Hotel Experience	I booked this hotel as a birthday present weeknd away for my fiance and I. We arrived in London and found the hotel with great ease - upon arrival the hotel staff were plesant and very helpful.There were multiple check in desks all of which were open so the process was very simple. The room was a lovely size - a huge double bed and dressing area. Above expectations after reading other reviews. Breakfast was included in the package and I cannot praise the food enough... there was something for everyone and we enjoyed a full cooked breakfast before starting our day in the capital.	
Feb 2 2007 	Above Average for London	I often stay here for business. The hotel is above average versus other London establishments in my opinion. The rooms are comfortable, well furnished although the beds a bit hard for my preference.Some hints...ask for a quiet room which face internal courtyards, if you get a room facing onto Oxford Street it is noisy for most of the night. The hotel stretches a good distance along Oxford Street and if walking down long dimly lit corridors isnt your thing ask for a room nearer the lifts (trust me it can be a long walk). The lifts are often busy and can mean waiting a while, stairs are way over in the opposite corner of the hotel so if you dont like using lifts I'd consider carefully if this hotel is for you. The bar gets very busy and will only serve double measures of spirits which are consequently only for an expense account!That said the location is great, very close to the tube, Marks and Spencer and Selfridges with an NCP car park next door if you happen to drive there. I have never been disturbed by neighbouring rooms here either to the sides or above which I think is the only hotel I can say that about. I stay here regularly and will continue to do so as for me it represents good value and location and I know its downsides which I've noted above!	
Jan 25 2007	Excellent hotel. Great location. Warm 	The hotel was just round the corner from Marble Arch tube station which was great after a long journey down to London. Check in was very quick and the lady who dealt with us was very friendly and welcoming. As we walked to our room the corridor smelt of lavender. There was 4 of us travelling 1 double 1 twin room both were large and over looking Oxford Street (you get a little bit of traffic noise but this didn't disturb us at all), bathrooms were very clean with plenty of towels. We had a very short wait to be seated for breakfast only a couple of minutes and once seated the staff were straight over with tea and coffee. Buffet style breakfast with plenty of choice of hot or cold each table ready set up with butter &amp; jams, milk, sugar. There was also newspaper for you to collect on your way in or out. Every other service that the hotel was excellent from getting you a taxi or looking after your bags.All in all a very pleasant stay.	
Jan 13 2007 	Good Value good location	Big hotel.....took forever to check in due to their system being slow. Room was clean and comfortable. Good value for money and room was fairly large with good size bathroom. Hotel is getting aged and showing some as furniture is dated and slightly worn. I normally stay at Marriotts and it isn't a Marriott but is as nice as a Holiday Inn. Breakfast was included and was tasty and plentiful. Very close to tube. Would definately stay again. Staff was helpful.	
Jan 12 2007 	Great Location	Just use the Hotel for the location, we were told the room was superior, I think not, that said it suited our needs. Breakfast is £14.95 each, we tried to book B+B, all we could get was room only, so we spent our money else where-Thank you John Lewis. We found most staff we came into contact with very friendly for such a large busy hotel. As transport and food were so easy to organise we will be back, but please get a B+B rate organised with [----].	
Jan 10 2007 	Great Location	We stayed for a weekend in a family room with our two children. The room was surprisingly spacious compared to other hotel quad rooms. Rooms were clean and beds comfortable and warm.The breakfast was so substantial - it kept us going for the day. The lifts were great , never waiting long as there are 4 lifts. Our overall opinion is that this hotel is a superb base to see the sights and shops of London and a real comfort to crash out in after going all day long.	
Dec 15 2006 	Location Location Location!	Great hotel in a great location, close to the Marble Arch tube station and right around the corner from Oxford St and all the major shops! Clean room,Comfortable Bed ,Great Breakfast, what more could you want.	
Dec 11 2006 	Pleasantly suprised	After booking this hotel for a bargain $38 per room per night (approx £23!) for 3 nights (Fri-Mon) in December I didn't have massive expectations. I mean, a London hotel room for a third less than a Travelodge...?! Well, I can honestly say that I was very pleasantly suprised. I've stayed in Thistle Hotels before and they've never been much to write home about but this one was really nice! We had three twin rooms on the 5th floor, each really spacious and decorated to a nice standard. The rooms had a good range of facilities (mini bar, toiletries, safe etc) and even had its own iron and ironing board. The hotel itself is located on Oxford Street with the entrance at the rear, one block from Marble Arch tube station and with a massive choice of buses from the stop outside the hotel. There's a Sainsburys Local two blocks away and a KFC and McDonalds a block away. Guests with mobility issues or lots of luggage should note that the main entrance only has an escalator up to the main lobby but there is a lift located at the next door along. If you can't see it the concierge is located just inside the main entrance and will be able to help you. The only gripe I have is that on checking in I was asked to pay for the rooms when I'd already pre-paid in full through Hotwire. I (luckily) had a copy of my receipt and was able to prove that I'd paid. On checking out I was again asked to pay for the room! I ended up having to dig out the receipt again (lucky I hadn't thrown it away) and they took a copy. So if you do get this hotel through Hotwire or Priceline I'd advise you to take proof of payment with you.	
Nov 17 2006 	$th Time Visitor	I have stayed in this hotel 4 times, which gives a pretty good indication of how I view it.Compared to some of the other Thistle Hotels in London (Euston &amp; Westminster and a lesser extent Victoria) this is a good standard hotel with reasonably appointed communal areas and well proportioned rooms.The rates aren't the cheapest, but I have paid more and received less elsewhere in the UK's capital city.The location is great for almost anywhere you want to go - if you're a tourist, you're right on Oxford Street and within ambling distance of Hyde Park. The nearest tube stop is literally 5 minutes walk away.Should you get the munchies, there's a Sainsbury store beside the tube station to avoid rather high room service charges.	
Nov 13 2006 	Not a great experience	This is a big impersonal London hotel with lots of open public areas. Check in was good. The first non smoking room I got smelt of smoke, my colleague's room smelt of sick - we both got moved ok, but she got moved to a disabled room. My room was an extremely long walk from the lifts which wasn't a problem for me but could be for other people. There are lots of people working there whose English was not great which caused quite a few problems. The service at breakfast was appalling and no staff seemed too bothered about this - they just meandered about as guests tried to get served. Very badly managed. I asked for some cereal, and kept asking, eventually after 10 mins of running about 2 people brought a pile of cereal BOWLS!! Very frustrating.The conceirge refuses to book black cabs, so we had to take our chance and wait outside - again very poor.My party returned from an event at around 2am and were told the bar was closing and we had to order room service if we wanted a drink. I only wanted a lemonade, so some poor bloke had to traipse up to my room to deliver it - would have saved so much time if I had been allowed to wait for it downstairs and take it up myself.Due to the remembrance ceremonies, it was extremely busy. Not sure if it's always this busy and disorganised. My company paid for my stay but had I personally paid to stay here I would have been furious and expected a refund for breakfast.	
Nov 8 2006 	Poor service average rooms	With the throughput of rooms in this hotel it was not a surprise the attention to customers was poor when I first arrived and spent 30 mins checking in. Was given a smoking room instead of a non, and the shower was very low and poor. I changed rooms to a better one. Standard in rooms are ok apart from these tired bathrooms. Internet at 15 pounds a day is a rip off these days. Breakfast is usual rip off and dining room was terrible with dirty plates kept next to the serving area.On checking out the same girl with great customer service attitude (not) served me and refused to budge on 15 pounds charged for 2 hours use of internet which should have been 1 pound, I asked for the supervisor and she said she was! (girl with a head scarf just FYI) After asking for manager politely then she removed the overcharges.Summary: Location OK, rooms OK, Breakfast mediocre, pricing is London pricing, Customer Service terrible.	
Nov 1 2006	Not too bad	A large hotel facing the very busy Oxford Street.I had an Executive Room on the fifth floor facing an internal void. Room was OK, fairly chintzy furnishings, good size for central London, bit tired but fine. Good bathroom, minibar is bizzarely empty (deliberately).Pretty good for London (which unless you are paying a LOT, is universally awful for hotels).	
Oct 27 2006 	Marginal hotel	Visit started poorly. We didn't receive the connecting rooms we were promised for a six day stay. Were told the connecting room to our current room would be available the next day so we made do. The next day we were told that room wasn't available for the length of our stay so we would have to make do our pack up and move. Neither option was good considering we had already unpacked for a family of six. The bath was nice. The location next to the Tube was great. Room decor was a little tired. Room chairs were soiled. We got a pretty good price on Priceline. If we had paid full price I would have been extremely disappointed.	
Oct 23 2006 	Good hotel	Had a lovely stay in Thistle Marble Arch. Third time we have stayed here. This is a large hotel which is nicely decorated. Nice room kept very clean. Our bathroom was fine although the bath had burn mark near plughole. The fittings are of good quality but could be done with updating. Our room was on second floor looking in towards square in middle of hotel. Not a very nice view but very quiet. We had meal in restaurant one night and also had food in the bar after we came back from a show after 11.30pm and it was lovely. Have had food from room service before on a previous stay and that was lovely too. Staff are friendly and helpful. The hotel kept our luggage on our last day as our flight was not until night and they arrranged taxi for us too. All in all, this is a good hotel to stay in for a visit to London as it is so central, good food, nice rooms and friendly and efficient staff.	
Oct 21 2006 	Most Impressed	Having stayed at this hotel some time ago, I wasn't filled with the same feeling of trepidation I normally get when my company book me into a Thistle. This one is a class or two above their over places and it shows.I was booked into a room on the first floor, right on the corner of Bryanston Street and Quebec Street so it was a bit of a hike to go back and forth to reception/bar/entrance but this was the only slight gripe I had.The room was immaculate, roomy and well furnished with a nice clean bathroom which looked fresh. The carpets in the hallway lead me to believe they were only recently laid down.The building itself is a 30's built 'ugly architecture' bulding which occupies a complete block about 2 minutes walk from Oxford Street and Marble Arch tube. You are also next to Hyde Park and Park Lane so it is very conveniently placed for shops, restaurants and other amenities.The bar was packed both nights I was there and was full of Americans and Russians in the main. Although I never ate at the restaurant in the evening (company policy), I took breakfast there both days and found it to be of good standard. Continental breakfast was included in the room rate but for an extra £4 you can upgrade to the 'Full English'.The staff were extremely friendly and efficient and all spoke excellent English and were a pleasant contrast to some of the uninterested staff I have sometimes encountered. Mind you, on their money I would struggle to raise a smile with some of the guests they have to deal with.All in all, I found it to be an excellent hotel with everything you would want, in a very convenient location.One small drawback, reception is on the first floor and there is only one escalator which goes up permanently. You have to take the stairs down although I am sur ethere is a lift somewhere.	
Oct 11 2006	Great hotel when the price is right!	Good cheap hotel. Got a great rate (60USD) on priceline.com a number of different visits to London. Very convenient to the tube stop and close to the park. Rooms were fine (a bit worn, but clean and nice). Beds were a little thin (i.e. not that much cushioning) but I slept perfectly fine. The hotel offers upgrades based on the priceline rate for between $25-$100 extra but I have never taken them up on it. Bar in the hotel is fine too, and reasonable for food and drink. If I want to do London on a budget I will definitely stay at this hotel, because you get a nice-decent property in a great location for a superb price.	
Oct 8 2006 	Needs updating great location	We love the Thistle chain and this hotel was not a disappointment. Service and location were terrific! The Marble Arch tube stop is just around the corner, and the Bond Street stop is a few blocks away. You are a 10 minute walk to Oxford Circus and there are tons of shops and eateries in the vicinity.They are in the middle of updating the rooms in this hotel, and unfortunately we ended up in a older room. We upgraded to a larger room on the Oxford Street side, which had a great view and was surprisingly quiet even on the street. However, it was quite a walk from the lobby and lifts. The room itself wasn't bad - very typical of an older Thistle - but the bed was quite uncomfortable. It was hard and you could feel the springs. Hopefully this room is scheduled for refurbishment in the near future.	
Oct 7 2006 	Great Location	A group of us (approx. 12) stayed here in January. The idea was to indulge in some retail therapy and catch a few shows. The hotel was ideally located for both exercised, being right off Oxford Street. Location was great.We had 6 rooms booked and everything was fine until the last night. The rooms, while not large were adequate and served our purposes. On the last night my teenage son, who was sharing a twin room with another teenage boy, pulled back the covers to get into bed. The sight that met him was DISGUSTING. The sheet was stained with body fluids. It wasn't just little stains - but really large ones. I cannot understand how somebody would put these sheets on a bed - the house maid seriously needs her eyes tested ! ! ! Obviously, my son was disgusted. It kinda ruined our night out having to get housekeeping up to change the sheets at that hour of the night.	
Oct 5 2006	Highly Recommended	Loved this hotel. Great location. Rooms are temperature controlled and nicely decorated. Comfortable beds and spacious bathroom. Porter picked up our suitcases within five minutes of calling downstairs.Three things to point out: Some rooms are a long walk from the front desk; a lot of tour groups stay here; walls are a little thin (may be able to hear your neighbors if they are loud).Will definitely stay here again when I visit London in the future.	
Oct 4 2006 	great front desk service	My daughter and I were very fortunate to find availability in this hotel due to a major problem we encountered at the hotel where we had been staying. The front desk clerk Lee was so extraordinarily helpful in providing us with a room that matched our needs. She even checked out the room prior to our arrival, and once we were at the hotel, she allowed me to view the room before registering. After our bad experience at the previous hotel, her courtesy and kindness were really appreciated.The room was quiet, nicely decorated, had plenty of space in the bedroom and bathroom, and was air conditioned. We had a wonderful 4 days there after getting off to a bad start on our family holiday. I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone who wants attentive service, great amenities, and an ideal location for Marble Arch, Oxford Street, and the tube system. The rates were a bit on the high side, but remember this adage....&quot;You get what you pay for&quot;.	
Sep 19 2006 	Great Location	The location of this hotel was great, right in the city centre.The room was really nicely decorated and large, it seemed to be well cleaned other than a sock that was hanging on the inside door handle!Breakfast was good and for an overnight / weekend stay this was a fantastic place to stay, I was lucky enough to get a room on a special offer so for me it was also great value for money, especially for the location.	
Sep 6 2006 	Great Hotel	This is my second time at this hotel and although I like to try new places, on my next trip to London I will probably stay here again. You cant beat it for location - you are right there next to Oxford Street and all the shopping you can handle. I even walked back to the hotel from Covent Gardens. There is a tube station very close to the hotel for those who dont like walking distances. The breakfast is fantastic - there is a choice for absoloutely everyone - from cooked breakfasts to cereals and fruit. I love the bar - after an exhausting day shopping and sight seeing its a very peaceful place to relax and enjoy a drink.	
Aug 28 2006 	Nice hotel	Stayed at the Thistle Marble Arch in mid to late August 2006 with my niece on two occasions, so we got to stay in two different rooms. The first time for 7 nights (7th floor) and the 2nd for two nights (2nd floor). Very handy to the Marble Arch Tube station, shopping (Selfridges Dept. Store, Marks &amp; Spencer), etc. We asked for a non-smoking, inside room, facing the courtyard, not facing Oxford St. which is very noisy and very busy with lots of people and traffic. The room had air conditionning, a safe for valuables, a tiny fridge. The bathroom was fine. The furnishings and decoration also. Everything was very clean, service was good. Our breakfasts were included. They have two very nice dining rooms with buffet style breakasts - excellent. Something older travellers may not appreciate is the fact that the lobby is on the 1st floor with an escalator going up. So when you want to go out there are only stairs going down to ground level. When we were there only 3 of the 4 elevators were working. This is a very large hotel (8 floors, approx. 600 rooms) with long corridors. Lots of walking. The doors of the rooms make quite a noise when you close them. Somthing we were not used to was the type of bedding they use. There was a fitted sheet but not a flat sheet. They use a comforter that fits in a kind of big pillow case. This was a bit too warm for me. From what I understood, they book families mainly on the 7th and 8th floors, so there were kids running and yelling in the corridors when we were on the 7th floor who we could hear quite clearly. Everything considered, we were satisfied with the hotel and service.	
Aug 24 2006 	Thistle Group bad Marble Arch Thistle good	The Thistle, Marble Arch is well positioned, the staff helpful and the rooms comfortable. However, if you are looking for something more English then this is not the place for you. I don't think we came across a single English staff member and the place is run in the North American style.Our problem was more with the Thistle Group. We had booked 4 people and a baby into the Thistle, Lancaster Gate. A chance call the day before we were due to arrive informed us that the hotel had been sold and we had been arbitrarily moved to the Thistle Euston. Refusing that option, we ended up in suites at Marble Arch. Trying to get some acknowledgement that you can't do things like that without telling us proved to be three days of head banging frustration. To be fair, Guest Services, Marble Arch, finally apologised and gave us a generous rate break.A word of caution - do not use the laundry service. What we thought was a minimal amount of laundry cost us two hundred pounds. We could have gone to Marks and Spencers and replaced the lot for less money.All in all, laundry excepted, not bad value but if you stay at a Thistle keep your head up. And also see our comments on the Thistle Heathrow.	
Aug 24 2006 	Really good hotel for London	I Stayed in this hotel for 4 nites while we were in London, The Hotel is really nice and clean, The staff we all really helpful and enjoyable to talk to.. Give the cafe in the lobby a miss as a coffee their is really expensive and aint that good, We had breakfast as part of our room rate, The Buffet breakfast is to die for, You can have anything that you want, wether its a hot breakfast ( Eggs, bacon,sausages and even hash browns) or Beagels, crossiants Cerals and as much as you want...( which is what we did cuz u save on buying expensive food..We stayed on the 4th Floor Which was really good, couldnt hear anything.. The only thing is the shower pressure, there aint much at all.. While i was there the hairdyer ( which is bolted to the draw of the desk) Decided to die halfway to me drying my hair, with a little complaint to house keeping, a maintence man came up and installed a new. He would have been the hottest maintence man ever...move over jesse metcalf... Beleive me ladies break something...u'll be happy..Room size aint to crash hot, but what can you expect in the heart of the city and only a street away from oxford st, the best shopping ever....I'll defently be back, real soon, This hotel was a ripper	
Aug 22 2006 	Very nice hotel close to everything	I recently stayed at the Thistle Marble Arch last May and I found that it was a nice hotel for a great deal (booked through Priceline and we were surprised to get this nice hotel). The reviews are very mixed on this site, but I found that Thistle provided us a good's night sleep in a clean, typically british room after a looooong 11-hour flight for Johannesburg before making our way to North America. We arrived there around 11:00 in the morning after having gotten off our flight which got in around 6:30 am. Not feeling well, we decided it'd be nice to rest in a real bed for a night. The check-in clerk was a young, friendly woman who gave us a room right away. I don't think they were fully booked since the hotel during our stay was not dead but fairly quiet for 700-room hotel. The only mention of Priceline was that our room was &quot;prepaid&quot;. She inquired If we wanted a double non-smoking and it was fine with us. We ended up being up on the 2nd floor in a quiet inner court room (I believe, avoiding the dreaded rooms overlooking the street that a lot of reviewers mentionned here). The room was fairly large, especially for London, larger than some hotel rooms I got in similar caliber hotels in North America. Clean although the carpet and wallpapers are showing signs of wear and tear. Everything worked and was in good repair though except the safe ( we were only there for a night so it didn't really matter). Did not need the A/C nor the heat so I can't comment on that. Loved the towel heater in the bathroom! So British and I love it! I would call the bathroom luxurious, it had a nice granite countertop and was as clean as the cleanest hotel bathroom can get. It seems that they certainly redid them recently. Surprisingly, unlike some reviewers here, the bedding was the opposite: HARD, not quite concrete-like but close. If you like firm beds you're in for a treat here. I still slept well though as we used the nice white duvet as a cushion. Phone calls beware! Outrageously priced. Call from outside the hotel in a phone booth, even that is cheaper!The location is very central and the Marble Arch tube stop is opposite from the hotel's lobby entrance. Lots of shops and restaurants within walking distance. Basically, this is a good hotel with good, clean rooms that could use some revamping but nothing major. We did not have much contacts with the staff but those we spoke to and checked us in and out were polite. For that price in London, it's a bargain, I can understand why customers who book directly with Thistle don't get as good of a deal, Priceline was hard to beat for the quality here. I would reccomend and return.	
Aug 13 2006	Too Many Fire Alarms-Too Much Confusion	This hotel is in a wonderful location and has a great buffet breakfast. It needs to do a better job of training its staff however. We arrived with a prepaid travel voucher AND a reservation number only to be told that there was no room for us. The front desk staff even tried to tell us that we were in the wrong hotel! That didn't work with us however as this was our ninth trip to London and we knew exactly where we were. FInally, after a long camp out in the hotel's lobby, we were given a room. We spent eight nights at the hotel and experienced FOUR fire alarms. The staff seemed confused and uncertain as to what to do and were unable to give directions or answer questions. It was tough to get a good night's sleep because you were just waiting for the next time the alarm would go off and we would be expected to rush down the stairs and into those dark, wet streets. Time to fix the fire alarm and train the staff, I'd say!	
Aug 10 2006 	great hotel	Excellent hotel - great location for both shopping and sightseeing, very friendly staff and great food. Would highly recommend and will certainly return.	
Aug 10 2006 	Loved it	We (me &amp; three of my friends) recently stayed at the Thistle marble Arch. We are all in our early twenties &amp; absolutely loved the hotel! Not only were the rooms reasonably sized, clean &amp; with fantastic staff, but the location was amazing! We stayed for a long weekend; the clothes shops were a few footsteps away from the hotel, the tube stations around the corner &amp; Leicester square (where clubs, cinema &amp; bars are located) were only a 20mins walk away or a 10 mins cab drive. We came to London for a bit of shopping, a bit of sight seeing &amp; to experience London's night life. The hotel was a fantastic base to do all of them things. You could soak in London's atmosphere right of the door step of the hotel - great location &amp; equally good value hotel. We'll definitely be staying here again in the future!	
Aug 6 2006 	Great Hotel	I stayed at the Thistle Marble Arch for three nights in mid-July. I had no problems at all. I am a young female and was in the city by myself. I found getting around to be extremely easy and I never felt unsafe. Overall the hotel is fine. I had no problems. The rooms are a good size. No smaller than American hotels. You can apparently only get to the the first floor by stairs though, the elevator does not go to the street level. Older guests may have an issue with that. It does take some time to get to the room from the elevator, very long hallways, but it was okay. I didnt mind the walk. I had a room overlooking Oxford Street and loved it. I could not hear the street that much but if I did at times it was okay because I was in a big city and expected to hear some noise! I did not eat at the restaurants in the hotel so I cannot speak to the quality. I chose outside eateries or bought food at Marks and Spencers grocery a block away. I used this website frequently to determine where I would stay in London. There are a few bad reviews, but I am glad I chose this hotel. As others have said, it is in a perfect location and reasonably priced. Being so close to the tube was great. I would definitely stay here again and hope to very soon. I fell in love with London.	
Jul 27 2006 	LOVED IT! Would go back!	We just got back from one week stay at the Marble Arch. Its a greaet hotel in a great location. The underground station is right around the corner and shopping is accessible! The Marble Arch in London (over in Hyde Park) is also where the tour buses stop. The hotel has air conditioning (which a lot of them do not) and during our stay it was a heat wave so the air conditioning came in handy! The bed was comfortable as were the pillows and the room was a good size. The only thing we were not used to (being from the states) was the smoking. A lot of rooms were smoking rooms as people are allowed to smoke in the lobby and basically everywhere. In New York State, we mostly have no-smoking areas so we were not used to that. I did manage to get a non-smoking room though. Also, I thought it was odd that our bathroom only had half a shower door with no shower curtain so the bathroom floor would get soaked. I know you can move the shower head so this does not happen, but I am tall so I needed it to be outwards more. But other than that, our stay was wonderful! The concergie was happy to serve us and our hotel room was clean and nice. Good stay and would definitely use the Thistle Marble Arch again!	
Jul 20 2006 	All in all OK	Took the wife and the 3 kids (11,17,21) for 8 nights. Booked as a package thru American Airlines. Two rooms - an executive double and a triple for the kids. For the exec double, no issues other than what has been mentioned before - very soft beds and noise from Oxford street. Other than that, the room was excellent - well maintained, 115v outlet (curiously not mentioned on the web site), air conditioning worked well during the heat wave in mid-July.The AC in the triple did not work, but the front desk gave us another room with little hassle when this was pointed out. The new room had workig AC, but also had the (too) soft beds and a faint, unidentifiable odor. This one was an interior room and very quiet.The exercise room was a bit cramped, but the equipment was in good shape and everything worked well. Couldn't get the room phones to work the one time we tried a (local) call - had to use the pay phones in the lobby. Breakfast (included in the package) was fine, altho the few times we were seated at a table in the sun it was quite toasty (the curtains don't close in this room) and things such as milk and orange juice seemed to be constantly running out.Location was wonderful - next to Hyde Park, close tube station, many places to eat and shop nearby. All in all, we would stay there again.	
Jul 12 2006	Weekend at Thistle Marble Arch	I stayed a weekend in June. The stay was booked through the thistle hotels website and a fair price was obtained. The hotel has a very good location at the beginning of Oxford Street. I have stayed here before several times and been pleased. I asked for a quiet room and was given one facing the Portman Street. It was a very noisy room. I went down to the reception immediately and was given an inside facing room. Rule of thumb: Avoid rooms facing Portman Street or Oxford Street. Ask for rooms face the two quiet streets or even better an inside room. There are two main standards of rooms. Both are large and with a fridge, safe and air-conditioning. My pictures are probably from the higher standard room. The breakfast is good, but the restaurant was very hot and uncomfortable during my stay in June. I bought food from Marks and Spencer and stored it in the fridge. Porters and staff are very friendly. There is a very nice pub 50 meter to the right across Portman Street. There is a guy pub on Quebec Street. Normally the doorman will inform you that it is a special pub. Many shop and restaurants with Superdrug, Boots, Kentucky Fried Chicken, Marks &amp; Spencer and McDonald nearby. There is a taxi stand outside the entrance and buses to all over London from Oxford Street. If you have good feet and shoes you can walk to many attractions.Mr Moen Sandnes Norway	
Jul 8 2006 	Big and busy	Stayed one night on business. I was pleased to be upgraded to an 'executive room' and it was fine - enough room and a spacious, clean bathroom but it overlooked a rather dismal lightwell.My main problem with the hotel is its sheer size, which was most apparent at breakfast when tables are set up right through the lobby to accommodate everyone. If you're looking for somewhere intimite where you'll receive personal service then this isn't for you. But the location can't be faulted an dby London standards it's good value.	
Jul 4 2006	Want a bed after a long flight pre-2pm forget it!	We arrived at the Thistle Marble Arch which is in an excellent central location around 8am in the morning having just got off a 22hr flight from Australia. We phoned the Thistle from Australia requesting a non-smoking room be made available for our arrival given the length of our flight and invariably the need for a bed to rest and were assured a room would be available on check-in! On arrival this was not the case. We were informed that no non-smoking rooms were available and that we could take a smoking room if we liked but not until at least 12pm. We left our bags with the cloakroom and proceeded to spend the morning in London waiting for the room to be available on returning at 12pm (like zombies!) we were informed that no rooms would be available until after 2pm so we waited in the lobby by 2pm no room was available at this point we made a scene and asked to speak to the Manager who never appeared, only to be then provided with a non-smoking room. The room we were given was ok but nothing flash. It was a bed which we needed desperately. Would we return to this hotel? - NEVER. The service at reception was hopeless and frankly it appeared the staff couldn't give a damn about the customers, where they had travelled from and what prior arrangements had been organised. Beware this hotel is central however the staff don't appear to have had any customer relationship management training. The front desk was very disorganised. They obviously don't require repeat custom with such a central location maybe they don't need it...	
Jun 30 2006 	Don't Stay Here if You're Part of a Large Group	Check-in was slow and then we were given the wrong rooms. Those who needed single rooms were given doubles and vice versa. The hotel check-in staff was unprepared for our arrival. It seemed as though they didn't know that our large group (26 people) was coming.Other than that, everything was great. Clean rooms, air conditioning, and great location were all offered here.I would stay here again, but not as part of a large group.	
Jun 30 2006	LOVED this hotel!!!	We stayed here for 10 nights at the end of June 2006 (thank you Priceline). We rec'd a larger room at the end of the building which was beautiful. Heard our 'next door neighbors' a few nights, but we were so tired that went right to sleep. The only drawback is the l ooooooo ng walks from the elevator or stairs. We were lucky to stay on the 3rd floor so taking the stairs wasn't a problem. Thought beds were comfy, plenty of closet/drawer space, mini fridge, coffee/tea, air con, huge bathroom, windows that could open if you wanted. Marble Arch tube on Central line very close, Bond Street just a short walk down Oxford (make a left once you get to the street) for Jubilee. Hope we get this place next time we try Priceline!!	
Jun 29 2006	Noisy Hotel Uncomfortable beds	This hotel is in a good location and has a great looking lobby. It also offers a wonderful buffet breakfast. Although the hotel appeared to be nice it had some major flaws. The hotel needs to better insulate the room doors. They close really loud. The beds are very uncomfortable. The bed I slept on slanted so much that I rolled off in the night. I gave up trying to stay on the bed and slept on the floor.	
Jun 25 2006	Pleasant Stay Convenient Location	I stayed at the Thistle Marble Arch in May of 2006 and I was very pleased. It is located 1 block behind Oxford Street and is very convenient for the tube, buses and Oxford street shopping. It is also very close to Hyde Park. I had my passport stolen from my room at another hotel (the Marriott Maida Vale), and this hotel was very close to the American Embassy. The service was good, rooms comfortable and clean. I got a good rate on Priceline[-](USD 100).	
Jun 11 2006	Nice Place	I stayed here for 5 nights with a friend (twin room) on the 4th floor facing the street. It was a little noisy from the busses, but I had no problem sleeping. The room was clean, comfortable and included a table and 2 chairs, a desk and another chair, large wardrobe with a press, iron, and an ironing board. The location was great... Oxford street has a ton of shops and many restaurants. Bond street and the tube are a short walk away (tons of pubs and restaurants), and the Marble Arch tube is a short walk in the other direction. We had no problems getting around town on the tube or bus. We had no problems or complaints during our stay. The room was always clean when we returned and nothing was out of place. I would stay here again.	
May 29 2006	Lovely time would stay here again	Room: See pictures. Was given a room on 6th floor, not noisy, facing inside ac/unit area not street. Bed was fine and comfy. Room was big enough for London (stayed in MUCH smaller!). Furnishings were up to date and plesant. Loved our little couch where we could sit and talk or eat. Fridge was unfortuantely broken (called downstairs and was told they were all broken....what, how could that be?). Bathroom was nice and the toiletries were lemony/citrus and refreshing.Location: Wonderful location, 3 minute walk to the Marble Arch Tube which can connect you to lots of different places. 5 minute walk to many bus stops. Seemed like everywhere we wanted to go was easily accessed from this location. M&amp;S right down Oxford street for grocery type food. Plenty of fast food (McD's, Pret a Manger, KFC) and other resturaunts too. Hyde Park is just a block a way. Oxford shopping is right there. Wonderful location, wish we had stayed here for the entire stay.Hotel Staff: Check in was easy and we did get to check in early. Upon entering bell hops took our bags to the bag check but we decided to lug our bags up the stairs to check in instead of wait for them to bring them up for us. (tip, if you want to avoid paying someone to take your bags up for you there IS an elevator from ground floor to first floor-where check in is. So you don't have to use the stairs like we did.) Concierge were great! There was always someone on duty when we needed them (sometimes 2 so you didn't have to wait), they gave clear instructions(once we could figure out differences in british english and american english), maps, had everything we needed. There was also a 'Theater' concierge who helped make theater arrangements I guess, though we didn't use those services (the concierge at our 2nd hotel left for the day at 5pm so we had to figure out our own theater plans).Hotel itself: Didn't do much in the other areas of the hotel and can only say the general feel was beautiful and classy looking. Don't know about the pricing but got a great deal on priceline. Had no problem with security, didn't leave valuables in our room (duh!). Although there is a safe available (though small) if you would like to leave things in your room. We also were able to leave our luggage after we checked out while we were sightseeing.Overall a very pleasing visit and we would definately stay here again!	
May 25 2006	Laptop stolen!!!	I chose Thistle because it was recommended but never did I realise that it will be the worst experience of my life. My laptop was stolen, right in the room!! The rest of the things are left intact. Clearly, it's an insider job!!! Or else, how did anyone get into the room?! The staff in the hotel are so reluctant to help and didn't give much comfort as they didn't do anything except asking me to make a police report which I did. They didn't do anything to make me feel better. I'm going to take legal action as the hotel should provide minimum security. If it's stolen in the room, there should be some compensation. Please don't stay at Thistle.	
May 20 2006 	Wonderful Hotel	Got a 12 night stay here for US$53 per night - got it on Priceline. No problems at check-in, very polite staff, no questions about Priceline and no questions about the upgrade. Room was big for London standards, nice big fluffy towels and very powerful hot water. Bed was comfortable. My room was a very long walk from the lifts, but not a real problem. Location was superb - I have been to London many times and this is the best located hotel I've ever been. Staff were helpful and top-grade. The concierges were very knowledgable - two of them have the Clefs d'Or.Definitely stay there again given the chance - especially for $53/night on priceline.	
May 15 2006	Just fine - some problems but good overall	Stayed in the Thistle Marble Arch for one night this weekend and found it fine - there were some issues with my room rate but it was sorted out for me by a very nice guy on reception. They need to sort out the queue to check in and out, it's far too long and all the while you have cabin crew just skipping to the top - TOTALLY unfair.My room was on the 6th floor, it was clean and very quiet - I have found Irish hotels to be much noisier on a Saturday night. The aircon worked, the shower was old but the water was hot so no complaints at all on the room. The consierge was helpful though he did find us a taxi that tried to charge 6 of us £28 to go about 4 miles up the road - needless to say we got 2 black cabs instead which cost us £6 per cab.The location was great, I would stay here again.	
May 14 2006	perfectly adequate	My partner and I stayed at the Marble Arch Thistle twice in the last three weeks. We had the rooms through a tour company we were traveling with, so I don't know exactly what our rooms cost. The decor was just as the &quot;candid photos&quot; on this site show it to be: Perfectly nice but not luxe. Everything in the bathrooms worked well and the beds were sufficiently comfortable, though the pillows were decidedly insufficient. (Luckily we ALWAYS take our own smallish pillows when traveling; nothing ruins a sleep like a bad pillow!) It's true there's only an escalator going UP from the front entrance to the lobby floor (only a very long flight of steps going down) but there is an elevator near the reception desk for hauling one's luggage to the street. My primary complaint is that when we arrived for our second stay, at the end of our tour of Britain, I specifically asked the desk clerk if the room she was giving us was a quiet room (on the inner quad: Peace-n-quiet....) , or a noisy room (on the street: Yikes!) . She looked at a diagram, looked me in the eye with a smile, and told me it was a quiet one. Well, you know what's coming: It was a screamingly noisy one right over the chaotic London street! However, the hotel is very conveniently located, with the Marble Arch Tube station (on the Central Line) just a block away. And the included English breakfast buffet was generous and delicious. Be advised that the hotel sprawls over an entire city block: It is humongous! So if your room is not near the one set of 4 elevators you will be walking literally all the way around the block to get to your room.	
May 13 2006	Very good value	I got this for $53 plus tax on priceline. Great location, king sized bed, large bathwith tile floor. I'd read that the beds were not comfortable, so I went to Wal-Mart before andbought a foam bed cushion for $15. It was a great low price solution.I'd gladly stay here again. Right at Mark and Spencer and Sainsbury' s for quick breakfast stuff to put in the fridge. Great for buses and shopping on OxfordStreet. Friendly staff and no arrogance about Priceline.	
May 9 2006	Uncomfortable beds	The beds need to be replaced; you can feel the springs in the bed. We thought it was our room, since we reserved through Priceline, but found other guests had the same opinion.Conflicting information when we checked-in. The usual check-in time is 2:00, but they told us to come back at noon. When we arrived, the room wasn't ready. This was inconvenient since we hurried back to just end up waiting in the lobby for 2 hours.	
Apr 30 2006	Never go for an upgrade	They have changed the &quot;upgrade&quot; deal from 20 pounds per night per room into a hefty 55 pounds per night per room, nominally adding a &quot;business lounge&quot; access with free Internet, free snacks and free drinks, as well as a cocktail hour. At this lounge we found that there was no snack, and no &quot;finger food&quot; that were promised when booking the upgrade. The staff very reluctantly ordered the finger food from the room service which took half an hour. The food wasn't too bad, but I don't think guests have to order finger food and wait for half an hour for finger food.There were many many glitches with the upgrade. I think they are not used to it and that may be the reason why my upgrade was a disaster, and no one is as stupid as me to add 55 pounds a night. A two-star hotel cannot give you a four-star service just because you pay 55 pounds more. It was an illusion and I was stupid, and because they saw that I was stupid, I was talked into this upgrading fiasco.Having said that, all the cleaning staff, porters, waitresses and maids were all very nice! The more white-collar the staff, the less friendly, less helpful. This made me think of the profound inequality and injustice in this society. I may stay at this hotel again if Priceline gives me an incredible deal. But I will never upgrade again....	
Apr 30 2006	Marvelous Marble Arch	Stayed here end of Feb and beginning of March for 5 nites. Check in was smooth and was given a room on the 7th floor. Was thrilled as I paid 77us plus tax on priceline. It was away from the elevator which I prefer and extremely quiet. The view was of the quad and the windows are double glazed so it's very quiet. The fridge was empty and the ice machine was right down the hall. The bath was great, towel rack must be heated way ahead of time, button is on the left of the bathroom door on the bottom. The maid service was perfect and coffee and toiletries replenished daily. I've stayed in other thistles and remember hearing about the fire alarm. I did hear it for a few seconds my first night here and never again. Enjoyed the hallway walks as the hall decor is of deco prints reminicent of erte' or icart. Would stay here again, only drawback is no escalator down just up which is cumbersome with luggage. They don't give you the 'priceline' raised brow as I've experienced from other hotels, I think a large part of their clientele are priceline so no attitudude.	
Apr 29 2006	Some good some bad	We broke our tradition of exhaustively researching our vacation hotels and booked thistle Marble Arch playing the priceline game for $95 a night. It's a larger 8 story hotel situated 1 block away from Underground and Hyde Park. There is concierge, in-hotel restuarant and cafe. A nice KFC is on the way to the Underground (recommended even for the non-fast-food people) You can walk to Bond street and some great department stores within about 10-20 minutes, and about a 30 minute walk to picadilly circus. This page was helpful prior to travel. I confirm the 1 non-English-speaking front desk person (who might not be there much longer) and often broken elevators. As frequent US traveler and a former hostel enthusiast, I was a bit disappointed to find a tiny room, 5 TV channels, aging upholstry with threads falling off, and an even tinier bathroom and bath. Yes, there was a safe, thermostat and wire internet access to qualify it for the hotel rating, but everything feels like your typical US motel. We wrote it off as a typical &quot;European&quot; thing the first day, but then find our shower switch broken (but we put it back and worked it anyway). My companion (who spent 40% of the time on the road) was uncomfortable with the stained shower curtain. Well, the water gave out the second day towards the end of the shower. Luckily, that was after we washed the soap off. We couldn't get any water in the faucet either. So on the way out, we told them of the temporary water outage and requested a change of shower curtain. Yes, I encountered the non-english speaking person who did not understand, and could not spell the shower thing. So, back and forth with his colleagues and supervisor, it was decided that we were to switch rooms, but no rooms were available at that point of early afternoon. (OK, maybe it's easier for them to change rooms than curtains). We checked with them later that evening. The hotel was overbooked and no rooms were avilable. I inquired about the possibility of an (free or 20pounds) upgrade. They looked at the computer and told us since this is a priceline booking, they had no authority to decide until the next morning. I was fired up the next morning after a detailed examination of the shower curtain. I took photographs of the broken shower switch, as well as the 2 large blood stains and other white (?semen) stains on the shower curtain. I showed the photos to the manager as well as my intentions to post the photos on the internet, and demanded a free upgrade for having to put up with all that. All they really had to do was change the shower curtain. She upgraded us to an executive suite. The suite was more like a 4 star room. It doesn't feel as comfortable as a Sheraton, but you have all the proper hardware, shinny flashy furnitures and space comparable to a Sheraton room. The toilets were the same which required three good pumps to get the things flowing. But the lights, and other stuff were nice. It's interesting that you'll find a comment card in the upgraded room but not the regular room. The thing that's the same was the maids cleaned the best they could and we tipped them way better than your pound a day rate. We realized there was a two-tiered system running in the hotel. (I had a similar experience with a &quot;reputable&quot; hotel in Brussels which received raves from their tourism board.) Perhaps we were given un-renovated older rooms reserved for special priced customers. However, we were only a few dollars off the market rate for other 4 stars. If we had to do it again, I'd get a three/four star reputable hotel like Holiday Inn, rather than taking my chances again with Priceline. I thin the tube is efficient enough to stay in the other districts for less money/more quality. If you got the hotel very cheap through priceline, I would highly highly recommend the 20 pound upgrade. You worked too hard, and your vacation is too valuable to be uncomfortable. I will keep the ugly photos off as an appreciation for the free upgrade.	
Apr 28 2006	No problems here..great deal for the price	After paying $53 a night for four nights on Priceline, I was a little worried about what my wife and I would find here. I couldn't have been happier with my $53 room! They let us check in early..this might have had something to do with arriving on a Wednesday..I suspect the place is packed on the weekends.The room was large, especially for London. No view..but that's no big deal...we didn't come to the UK to stare out the window.I can't comment on the food..we didn't eat at the hotel because we were constantly on the go. There is a McDonalds down the street and a Pret A Manger for cheap breakfasts anyway. since each room has a refrigerator, you can buy drinks at the drugstore and keep them cool in your room. I did notice that there were a lot of groups eating in the restaurant.We were on the second floor near the end of one of the &quot;wings&quot;, but that wasn't any big deal to us. If the lifts are slow, use the stairs! It's more healthy for you anyway. After walking all over London, an extra minute walk to our room didn't spoil the trip.Our bed was fine..we had no problems going to sleep or staying asleep. The location was great..near the underground stop and buses that will take you just about anywhere you want to go. I have paid twice as much for a room and gotten half as much. If I ever go back to London and have to pay my own way, I'd definitely stay here again.	
Apr 24 2006	Watch yourself!	Part of our group was booked into this hotel by Norwegian Cruise Lines as part of a pre-cruise stay before sailing to Scandanavia. One of group had no lock on her door and the others had rooms which ranged from okay to totally unacceptable. One party had her backpack stolen out from underneath the table in the cafe on the second floor of the hotel. While we waited to file a police report, there were two other thefts..one of another guest and one in the gift shop. The location for touring is fine, but the neighborhood in which it sits makes one feel quite uncomfortable.	
Apr 21 2006	Great Room Great Location	We stayed 5 nights via a last minute BA package booking; We had a fabulous room for the entire family -- a suite like room with two sides and two double beds in each (#845) - Must be the biggest room in the place! (I think it is one of the bigger ones b/c we checked the fire-escape map and it was definitely 2x the regular size) While it was a little bit of a hike from the elevator (200 steps to be exact) it was well worth it!They were so kind to accomodate to our need to check in early b/c we were travelling with our children who are 3 and 5. And the housekeeping staff lovingly made their beds each day with their lovies streched out on their pillows waiting for their return.The kids loved the room and the breakfast -- while it is definitely a business hotel, as a family we found it very comfortable and generally good. I would recommend eating on the restaurant side rather than the conference room for a.m b-fast because the atmosphere is nicer. Plus there were lots of amenities (sainsbury local, selfridges, etc) close by and the short walk to the tube station was very convenient.Sunday a.m. was crowded but the other days were quite pleasant and the staff was very helpful even with 2 jumpy children in tow. On day 2, when my son threw up right in front of the restaurant in the hotel lobby,while I was mortified, the staff was exceptionally helpful -- I could see the look of horror on their faces but they were grinning and bearing it with obvious tact and grace! The b-fast was good, but if it weren't included in my package, I probably wouldn't have induldged in it every day as it wasn't exceptional (there must be a lack of desire for cream in ones coffee in England b/c they kept serving me milk with my coffee?)Our room was very quiet, the bathroom was very nice and while our view wasn't great, I wasn't looking for a fantastic view, just a pleasant quiet room and we defintely got that! It was up to date and the fridge was a nice amenity for us.I would highly recommend this to the family traveller b/c of its fantastic location and very pleasant atmosphere. It is across the street from Hyde Park and walking distance to so many things, plus you can hop on the tube or a bus (we recommend #15 for sightseeing) and just ride til you're sick of riding -- after all that's all a 5 yr old wants to do anyway is ride on trains and doubledecker buses.I recommend asking for a higher room floor for your room (6 &amp; 7 appear to be executive rooms) We welcome your family related London stay questions. We had a fabulous vacation and we thank the Thistle and BA for their helpfulness.	
Apr 18 2006	The Location and Price can't be beat	We took a quick 2 day trip from Paris to London and stayed here. The location can't be beat as the hotel is right around the corner from the Marble Arch tube station. Don't let the outside of the hotel fool you. The inside of the hotel, lobby, breakfast room and guest rooms are lovely. We booked through Priceline and got a great deal at $122 per room all taxes and fees included(breakfast not included). London is a VERY EXPENSIVE place to visit so we were glad that we were able to save some money.	
Apr 18 2006	Wouldn't stay again	Our stay here was terrible, the room was need of a good cleaning and redecorting, the walls where marked and dirty, the window was fallling out of it frame, the wood holding it in was rotted and the view left a lot to be desired.We looked out on a quad of other rooms and the air conditioning system it looked like. We have traveled in the UK before and knew that it was not like the United States. The employees where not very polite and not the least bit helpful in getting us directions or assisting us at all. The breakfast buffet had a nice selection but half of the hot food was cold and they had just put it out. I would not recommend this hotel to any one and have told our travel agency of all the problems we had.	
Apr 12 2006	Good location - average hotel	I stayed here April 5-12, 2006. While my experience was not a horror story, it was a bit disappointing as I expected a 'steal of a deal 4-star' when in actuality it was a slightly rundown 3 star.PROS: Check in was quick and efficient. I arrived around 10:00 A.M. fully expecting to have to return later in the day to check in. I was pleasantly surprised to find that they had a room already available (room 702). This particular room was close to the lifts and very quiet. Unlike previous guests, I didn't have any problems with the lifts being full or out of service during my stay. We opted for the standard room (no upgrade) which was adequate. It was small, but not cramped. Everything was clean, but did show a LOT of wear and tear.The concierge was friendly and helpful on the few occasions I asked for directions or information. The staff in general was always pleasant and professional.The common areas have a 4-star feel to them - plush and comfortable.There is a M&amp;S down the street for sandwiches, etc. In addition there are loads of shops/restaurants within easy walking distance. The nearest tube station is Marble Arch, however Bond St. is less than 5 minutes walk as well. CONS: The bed was without exception the single most uncomfortable experience of my life. The mattress was rock hard. I awoke with a backache every single day. My daughter even tried to sleep on the floor (which may have actually been softer) but the dust and 'other materials' proved to be even more irritating than the rock hard mattress.The room had most of the items I would expect from a 4 star hotel (T.V., phone, in-room safe, trouser press, shower w/tub, hair dryer), however they were all VERY worn and in need of repair. For example, the bathroom looked run down, with chipped porcelain and missing grout in the shower. The faucet in the sink is positioned at such an odd angle as to be utterly useless (the water stream falls about 1/2 inch from the edge). Water pressure in the shower was poor. The room furnishing in general appeared to be tired and worn. There was absolutely no storage. There are a couple of tiny drawers (too small for a hardback book!) by the bed and 2 more slightly larger ones by the dressing table, but none of them would hold more than a couple of sets of undergarments at best. There was no refrigerator, no alarm clock and only 6 channels out of 25 that were not pay-per-view on the T.V. The entrance (stairs down/escalator up) became annoying the longer we were there. Lastly the little voice in the lift (door opening. door closing. door opening. door closing. ugh.)These last few seem nit-picky and normally I would agree. However, too many 'little things' can add up as is the case here. For the price I paid ($60 USD per night via Priceline) I can't in all honesty say I didn't get what I paid for - a room and a bed. Was it a &quot;steal of a deal 4-star&quot;? Absolutely not. I would not pay one penny more for the room than what I did, and would not stay here again unless the price was considerably less.	
Apr 12 2006	Priceline is Great	Just back from a night in London staying at the Thistle Marble Arch with 4 children!Booked the room thro' priceline and got both rooms for £59.00 each. When we got there I asked if we could have an extra bed in one of the rooms as we had an extra child so they changed it to a triple room no extra charge. We also checked in at 11.30. All in all it was very good.	
Apr 8 2006	Average at best...	We got a great deal on Priceline, and decided to buy the room upgrade (20 GBP per night, and this DID NOT include breakfast).We felt the 'upgraded' room was anything but a true upgrade. The shower was broken, the furniture was chipped and tatty, and in one case, actually broken. On the second day of our stay, the garbage, including food, was not emptied when the room was cleaned. Yuck!All these things were eventually addressed by the staff, but our stay/room/experience was average at best. I would not recommend this hotel to friends, and I would not choose to stay here again. Obviously, many reviewers feel the location makes up for other deficiencies, I disagree. There are lots of true four-star hotels located near convenient Tube stops, and we've done much better in the past with Priceline in London. The Thistle Marble Arch was a disappointment, and definitely NOT a four-star property, even with the so-called 'upgraded' room.	
Apr 5 2006	Location is everything	Not the most updated hotel in London but the location can't be beat. We had a one bedroom with two twin beds. The hotel is one block from the subway, Hyde Park, Oxford Street (a major shopping district). The hotel is also located one block from busses that will take you to all the major london tourist sites. The breakfast, which was included in our British Airways package, should be avoided as the food was, for the most part, undercooked. Staff was professional.	
Apr 4 2006	A nice hotel at a great price	The Thistle Hotel in Marble Arch was a great hotel for the price. While it won't be confused with the Ritz or anything like that, it is a very good deal.Me and my wife stayed for 3 nights, March 23-26th, 2006. The hotel is in the Marble Arch area, which is near shopping and has easy access to the tube and buses.The area felt safe and there was a casino right down the street. Check in was easy, the room was decent size, and in decent shape. Little bit of street noise, but that is typical in an urban hotel.My only complaint was the noise from the speakers in the restaurant on the first floor. Our room was room 210, just above the restaurant on the 1st floor, and the music they play in the speakers comes up into the room, and at early and late hours. If you stay here, avoid the 2nd floor and you should be fine.All in all, a good value, and a decent 3 star hotel. There was food downstairs, and for the price, this hotel gets 4 stars from me, but you can consider it a respectable 3 star hotel.Also, if I may just add, London was the cleanest, nicest big city we have ever been to, and the people of London were so courteous, helpful and fashionable that me and my wife can't wait to go back again. And the food is much better than eveyone says.	
Mar 30 2006	Good Location and Overall good hotel	My sister and I stayed at the Thistle Marble Arch from March 22nd through March 28th. The location is excellent, a block from Marble Arch tube station. The backside of the hotel is on Oxford street but the entrance to the hotel is on Bryanston St. There are stores of all kinds from large department stores to drug and grocery stores just a short walk from the hotel. Also, getting a cab was not a problem as there were usually one or two parked in front of the hotel.As for the room, we stayed in a standard room with two single beds. The room was the average size for a london hotel room. The room was clean and to met our expectations. The maid service was very good. The hotel service was responsive (when we asked for face towels, they were brought up immediately and we had no problems with various requests for wake-up calls). The only complaint I had with the hotel is that they charged us for the newspaper they left at our door.	
Mar 24 2006	Hotel 	Got what I thought was a great deal on Priceline unfortunately like all in life you get what you pay for. Check in was confusing it took them at least 15 minutes to pull up my reservation unfortunately I didn't brung my copy of papers with me as it would have saved much trouble. They also requested 50 pounds per day deposit to allow the phone to have outside access which i found quite a bit strange. Language barrier with a young dischelved &amp; rude french kid working the cafe counter was a distraction when I tried to explain 3x that I wanted a latte?3 of 4 lifts were out of service - at one juncture all of them were down - Friday until late Monday. Room had an old tainted feeling. I complained about this and they had no answer told me the manager woudl get back to me and never did.All said, bargain rate for London in an excellent location even with the mishaps.	
Mar 21 2006	Great value - Full report	Thistle Marble Arch Hotel is a great for value hotel. Me and my wife stayed there from March 16th to March 20th and we were very satisfied. Take in mind that my report is based on the low cost of this hotel compared to London hotel prices that are very expensive.- HotelThe hotel is quite old but its condition is rather good. The check-in was very fast. They have around 6 employees only for the check-in. All the employees of the hotel were very polite.- RoomThe size of the room is small, so if you are looking for a spacey room upgrade to the executive room that costs an extra 20 pounds per room. We didn’t. The room has the following: TV (with pay TV channels), fridge (which was empty), hair-dryer, a safe (free of charge), water boiler with cups (tea, coffee, hot chocolate and biscuits were available). The bathroom had, shampoo, hair conditioning, body shower gel and shower cup. They change towels every day and replace anything missing (shampoo, soaps, tea, biscuits etc). The room was located at the 8th floor at the back of the hotel and therefore it was very quite. Because of the enormous size of the hotel we had to walk 2-3 minutes to get there from the elevators so if you have kids or you have any problems walking ask for a room close to the elevators.- BreakfastIn order to be seated for breakfast we didn’t wait more than 3 minutes. The breakfast had all sort of things. Hot buffet with fried eggs, boiled eggs, french fries, sausages, pancakes, mushrooms, beans and also yogurt, cereals (Kellogg’s in various types), fruits, croissants, orange juice and many others. The taste was not excellent but you could enjoy a good breakfast.I didn’t have any lunch or dinner so I cannot comment on these.- LocationThe best advantage of this hotel is its location. Only a few meters from the Marble Arch (central line) underground station. If you go there from Heathrow airport you can take the metro, change line at Holborn station and there you are. A very big advantage since the taxi fares are outrageous. Moreover near the hotel you can find:KFC (closes at 23:00)Mc Donalds (closes at 01:00)Sainsbury’s – super market (closes at 00:00) Use this instead of the mini market at the entrance of the hotel which was rather expensive – 1,60 pounds for a small bottle of water.Odeon cinemasCasino (for roulette and poker lovers)PharmacySelfridges, one of the biggest department stores in London is only 80 meters awayVarious shops (Next, Superdrug, Boots, Dixon’s etc) and restaurantsA disadvantage of the hotel was the 4 elevators it has for so many rooms. The last days two of the elevators were out of order so you should wait a few minutes. But I believe these things happen.That is all regarding our stay at this hotel. So if you are looking for an affordable hotel near the center of London and you have not great expectations go for it. If you want to ask something regarding this hotel or London send me an e-mail.	
Mar 20 2006 	Great Value	Got this hotel on Priceline for about $60 night, great value - central location, close to shopping (Oxford st), marble arch tube stop. Very nice piano/jazz bar for the evenings - a bit expensive (but it's London what isnt). Rooms were good by Euro standards, a bit small by american standards. Had Safe, Iron, Plenty of Storage, good Shower, etc.... Everything one would expect from a 4* hotel. Certainly not at the top end of 4*, but definately worth a look for both value and convenience. Staff was friendly and helpful. Hop-on, hop-off buss had two stops within a few blocks. Little pub (ask at reception), down the street about a block (I beleive it was called 'three tuns') was very good food and better guiness...Would stay there again.	
Mar 17 2006	Thistle Marble Arch - Great value very nice hotel!	We just completed two stays at this hotel. First was a two night stay (March 9-10, 2006), the second a four day stay (March 12-16, 2006). I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. The check in was fast and smooth. No mention of priceline and no push to upgrade. We are a family of four, so I had booked two rooms. They were very kind to allow us early check in and accomodated us with two connecting rooms. It was like having a suite. We had paid $60 per room so it was a great value. The rooms were clean and updated. Each had a table and two chairs for sitting. A desk area and chair with internet connection. We didn't use it. Baths were roomy and had a nice selection of toiletries. Rooms had a mini fridge which was nice. There was a pot that made hot water and came with instant coffee, tea and hot chocolate.The hotel is located just off Oxford St. You are about 1/2 block from the Marble Arch tube station on the Central line. For those with small kids, there is a Pizza Hut and McDonalds nearby. Marks and Spencers is only a block away and they have a complete grocery store on the lower level. We would purchase fruit, sandwiches, milk, sodas and stock our mini fridge. They also have a nice cafe that opens early with nice rolls and coffee.We did have breakfast at the hotel two mornings and it is pricey...but I did not have to pay for the kids (age 6 and 7) They do not offer anything ala carte. Your choice is either continental or full English breakfast priced at 12 and 15 pounds. There is a snack/cafe off the main lobby that offered sandwiches for a lower cost. This hotel takes up an entire city block. So on our second stay, our rooms were quite a hike from the lifts. It didn't bother us, but it should be noted.All in all, we were most pleased. London is a very expensive city but this was by far our best bargain.	
Mar 14 2006	Nice Hotel	I recently stayed at this hotel Feb 22- March 1 as part of an American Airlines package. It included breakfast each morning as well. This hotel was very nice and clean and staff friendly and helpful. The room was very large and spacious and breakfast was good though never changed in the 7 days we were there.We did have dinner one night in the regular resaturant buffet style and it was delicious.The beds are pretty bad though. A bunch of springs really and both my husband and I had really bad necks and backs throughout our stay. We also had a problem with our hot water not being able to turn off and it was running full blast out the bathtub. They eventually had to move us to a different room but upgraded us to an executive suite. This had complimentary robes and water, but still bad bed mattress.The location is ideal and about 1/2 block from Marble Arch tube stop and 3 blocks to Bond St tube. Plus you are right on Oxford street where there are tons of restaurants, pubs and shopping. We took the tube everywhere since it is so easy and fast. For some minor problems we had with the hotel the staff always tried to make up for any issues and housekeeping did a fantastic job cleaning the room.I would recomment trying to get an inside room since it was a bit noisy on the streetside with all the buses etc.	
Mar 13 2006	Great Hotel -Marble Arch	Never been to London and picked this hotel based upon the reviews. The location was excellent, close toshops, transportations and restaurants. The room was spacious compared to the room we stayed in Paris. Bathroom was luxurious with marble tiles throughout. Service was great at all times. Front desk people very friendly. Concierge desk very helpful. Breakfastbuffet in the main dining room was excellent. Do noteat breakfast in the room across the main room, service and selection not as good. Room was comparableto a Hyatt room in America. Went with other friendswho have never been to London and we would stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 27 2006	Very Good Hotel	Got this hotel for 4 nights at $53/night through Priceline. The very pleasant clerk who checked me in explained the 20 pound upgrade option but I said I wasn't a breakfast person but would just appreciate a quiet room with a large bed. So she offered me an upgraded room at no charge! The room was beautiful and looked just like the ones on the website. The draperies are the thickest you will ever find and provide 100% blackout for those who want to sleep late. And since the room faced the courtyard it was silent and serene. Only issue I had is that this is a huge hotel, with floors as large as a department store. Yet the entrance is on one end, in fact the end farthest from the tube station. That plus the escalator up to the lobby means it could be 10 minutes from the time you enter the hotel until the time you get to your room. By the way, although the hotel was full, I had no problem with the lifts. It's just that my room was at the opposite end of the building. But overall, it's an incredible value and very clean and well run hotel.	
Feb 22 2006	Clean and convenient	Stayed at this hotel Feb 2006, had two different rooms due to traveling to another city. First room had a bad view of a courtyard, but actually loved it as it was very quiet. Second room overlooked a side street from Oxford Steet with noisy cars and construction. I try to always stay at this hotel and get it through Priceline. Didnt eat the hotel. One of the best features of this hotel is that they will hold your luggage while you take a side trip. I flew to Italy and could only take one suitcase, left my 2nd suitcase with them for 6 days, no charge, just a tip. I find the hotel clean and convenient and a bargain if received thru pricline.	
Feb 20 2006	Ideal Location but Sadly....	Although the Thistle Marble Arch Hotel is ideally situated on Oxford Street and within walking distance of the West End we were very disappointed in the normal standard double room. We did try to upgrade for the extra £20 but the hotel was full to capacity and therefore our room was no bigger than a large broom cupboard on the 8th floor. The receptionist assured us this was the normal size for a standard double room. Although the bed was comfy enough there was not much room to manouvre as everything seemed to be on top of one another.The bathroom/toilet in particular was very tiny and cramped and with the door opening inwards reduced the space even more. With two people in the room we felt as if we were getting in one another's way all the time whilst trying to get ready to go out for the evening, this applied to the bedroom in particular. If two people tried to be in the bathroom at the same time then you would understand how a John West Sardine would feel.There was only four lifts to service the entire hotel and it was a joke to try and get in one as they were constantly busy and full. Most people were walking up and down several flights of stairs. Maybe if you waited half an hour you might strike lucky with the lifts from your floor to the reception.There was a good choice for breakfast but due to the amount of customers there were very long queues for a table with an average waiting time of 15 mins. I did feel sorry for the poor waiting staff who appeared to be run off their feet and were so busy they seemed to be eager to clear the tables before you'd finished your meal. I was sittng at our table eating my cereal whilst my wife was in the queue for her breakfast when one of the waiters began to take her unused knife and fork from the table before she'd had a chance to use them. They were obviously very stressed and the majority did not have a good command of the English language.To sum up I found the hotel no more than average, and it maybe that we were unlucky due to the amount of people staying at the hotel but I did hear several complaints from other customers.Personally I would not reccommend this hotel for a weekend break. The staff however, all seemed pleasant enough but appeared to be under strain from the sheer volume of clients.If you do find yourself booked into this hotel endeavour to get upgraded as the standard rooms are very small indeed. We did try but unfortunately the were none available.	
Feb 15 2006	Value for money	My partner and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. I would not recommend this hotel to a couple looking for luxury but i would recommend it to all those people wishing to stay in a clean and comfortable hotel in a perfect central location. The staff were polite and helpful. We recommend upgrading to the larger executive room for just £20 which includes a tasty breakfast, bathrobes and bottled water in your room. Girls - take your own hairdryers as you will be there for hours with the hotel one!	
Feb 9 2006	quality hotel at a reasonable price	As a regular visitor to London i know hotels are often expensive and not the best quality BUT i found a gem in thistle marble arch.check in was busy but receptionists were quick and efficent. Our romm was on the 8th floor but well serviced with four lifts so not much of a wait the room was small but adquate with all the items one expects in a good hotel .Where this hotel excels is in its staff who are friendly ,courteous ,efficent and some of the best hotel staff i have ever encountered. also the food was top quality breakfast was a feast and their lunch and dinner was out of this world. i will be back again and again.DAVE DUBLIN IRELAND	
Feb 9 2006	great for families	Perfect for a family, we had the &quot;executive&quot; room with a king bed for us and two twins for the kids. The best part was there was a 1/2 wall for some privacy and the room was hugh by London standards. Good size bath, toiletries provided, maid service was fine (did not know when they came - we were usually out sightseeing all day). Very safe location, shops and such open in the evening and right around the corner from the bus stop and Marble Arch subway.Great for families with children who don't want to purchase a 2nd room. Felt very safe running out alone at night to grab take-out from many nearby restaurants.	
Feb 7 2006	4 Star Quality at a 1 Star Price	We stayed at Thistle Marble Arch for three nights (Fri, Sat, Sun) at the end of January, and found the hotel to be unbeatable value... IF you're willing to do some investigation and use Priceline.After reading the Bidding For Travel bulletin board, which is compulsory reading for anybody thinking of bidding for hotels on Priceline, I saw that this hotel was coming up frequently for an incredible $53 per room. I also found that this equated to a mere £35 per night on the UK version of Priceline.So, I went to Priceline (dot co dot uk) and went into their 'Name Your Own Price' section. After choosing my dates, and selecting the 'Bloomsbury - Marble Arch' area, and '4 Star' I entered my bid of 35GBP per night, and was thrilled to find it accepted immediately. After service charges, this ended up at just 40GBP per night... can you find anything at that price anywhere else in London, let alone a 4 Star hotel? I think not.As others have said, the hotel is a big one, with its main entrance on Bryanston Street, just the other side of Oxford Street to the north. It is just a couple of blocks from the Marble Arch tube station. Marks &amp; Spencers is just one block away, and Selfridges just beyond that - all easy walking distances.On entering the hotel the concierge desk is next to the entrance, but you then go straight up one floor (via escalator up, but stairs only coming down) to the reception area.We arrived at approx 1pm, and the check-in line was short. The staff at checkout were quite friendly, and made no negative comment about the fact that I had used Priceline at such a low rate.I had already read about the room upgrades that were available. The details of these are on posters and signs all round the reception area, so you can have a good think about it before reaching the check-in. We thought it was pretty good value, so went for it.For an extra 20GBP per night (per room, not per person) we had an upgraded room on their 'Executive' Floor (our room was 526, on floor 5). This was said to be 'nicer' than normal rooms, and had the addition of bath robes, mineral water, certain toiletries and a duvet on the bed. You could also choose a free daily newspaper (although since all the rooms on our floor seemed to automatically have a free Observer as well, we didn't really need the one we ordered). In addition to all this (and the main reason we did the upgrade) was the daily breakfast for the two of us that was included in this price.The room was very large, noticeably so compared with other rooms in central London, extremely clean, seemed newly decorated and well maintained. The bathroom was spotless, quite posh looking, and again very large. The room had a TV (the sound of which was piped into the bathroom - a nice touch) and a small refrigerator, with drinking glasses of various types.It had ample storage space, in the way of wardrobe and drawers, and came complete with an iron and board, hair dryer, telephone, lots of lights, and heavy curtains that provided a complete black-out when drawn.We overlooked Oxford Street, and by looking right could see Marble Arch. The view, of course, isn't much to write home about wherever you would be in most central London hotels - just the tops of roofs.The bed was a huge King size, with very clean sheets and duvet. Personally, I found the bed quite uncomfortable, hard and with a sort of 'ridge' running down part of it, but beds are very much a personal taste, and whilst I did not sleep in much comfort my partner had no such problems!When we paid for our upgrade, we received vouchers for both of us for each morning's breakfast. These vouchers were marked 'Executive Breakfast' and the check-in clerk tried to explain how/where to use these, but unfortunately wasn't entirely clear. I think, but am not sure, that there may have been a separate dining room downstairs for these 'executive breakfasts' but we simply went with the flow into the main dining room where the breakfast buffet was found. Our vouchers, which we simply handed in, were accepted without question.The breakfast was excellent. The room is large, and very busy, but the staff managed well. A line does build up at times, but people were quickly seated. Coffee and tea were brought to you by your server, but everything else was 'help yourself'. In the centre of the room was an arrangement of tables with many cold options - cereals, fruits, bread rolls, croissants, preserves, meats and salami, cheese, preserves, cottage cheese, etc. There was also three kinds of fruit juice (orange, apple, grapefruit). In a separate area, the hot breakfast items were available - fried eggs, scrambled eggs, beans, sausage, bacon, black pudding, mushrooms, etc. All-in-all we found the breakfast buffet to be excellent quality and excellent value - well recommended.If I had to be picky there were a couple of negatives about the hotel, other than the uncomfortable bed. The four lifts don't seem enough for such a large hotel, and one morning we waited in vain for ages. In the end we walked down the nearby staircase, only to find it ended at the second floor! You then have to wander round half the hotel to find any steps that take you down to the first floor!These minor quibbles aside, however, we had an excellent time, and would not hesitate to recommend this hotel - at this price - to anybody. Whether it is worth paying the normal price for, of course, is another matter. But as I said at the top of this review, if you're prepared to do a bit of investigating then you, too, may well end up getting this hotel at the best price in London!	
Feb 5 2006	Nice HOtel Good Location	The Thistle MArble Arch was in the heart of London with pretty nice rooms. There wasn't much of a breakfast selection. The beds were very uncomfortable and hard to sleep on, for some. Many groups stayed at the hotel and if you're Greek, they have Greek tours. It was a nice enjoyable stay and it was clean. The bathroom was nice and so were the rooms. Overall, the hotel was in a great location and was average.	
Jan 24 2006	Good location/great price.	I got this hotel off of priceline for $55/night for 4 nights in January. Some of the reviews in the past have been pretty mixed so I was very wary of staying here.I arrived on 19 January at 7am. They don't offer early check-in, even if they tell you differently. But they did offer me a shower suite so I was able to get a complete shower and change my clothing. Then I left the luggage with the porter until check-in.I ended up with room 870 and was quite happy. I was expecting a single, but ended up with 2 twin beds (I didn't take the upgrade option). The room was quite large with a sitting area. Also, there was a seperate area with a dressing table and closets. The room had a safe. The bathroom was a decent size and everything worked fine. The beds had great mattresses and a down comforter. Also, the pillows were good. Voicemail worked fine, but don't make any calls - they are expensive!!!!I didn't interact with the staff much, but my room was always clean when I came in at night. The desk people were pleasant and the porters helpful. I didn't get the breakfast because I can't eat £15 worth of food in the morning. You can get breakfast cheaper elsewhere.The room reminded me of a basic Marriott or Hyatt in the US - nothing fancy. Overall, it was a great value and so close to everything. I would stay at the Marble Arch again if I got a great price. My pictures aren't developed yet - so I haven't posted them.	
Jan 18 2006	DISAPPOINTING	I suppose if you've never traveled before this hotel will do, but if you have any basis for comparison you know there is better in London.We specifically chose this hotel (as part of a package with British Airways) for its location and that each room was advertised with a fridge (my boyfriend needed this for his medication)Our early check-in request was not honored and the room we were given was very small with plain wood furniture- like a college dorm room. The lights didn't work. Worse, all the fridges had been removed for repair and we were told by the front desk the website info was out of date. NOW they tell us this?After our complaints we were &quot;upgraded&quot; ( no charge) to the type of room you see on this site in photos and on their website. The fridge was there and it worked (!). More comfortable, except for the non-working phone &amp; silverfish bugs in the bathtub.Above all, avoid the buffet breakfast. Though it is included in the price, it was unattractive and tasteless. The concierge recommended a nice place for breakfast- Another hotel around the corner.	
Jan 17 2006	Excellent Location!!!	We visited this hotel the week before Christmas and I was very impressed!!Location:The location is excellent just round the corner from Oxford St which leads to Regent St, Picadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square and eventually Westminster. In the other direction you have Hyde Park. There is tube station if you dont fancy the walk 2 minutes away.Staff:I found all the staff in the hotel really helpful and friendly. Check - in was simple and quick. When we checked out at 12 noon our train never left until 7pm but the staff were happy to keep our luggage in a secure place which was a freat help.Room:The rooms are really nice - very clean and well equipped with the usual tea and coffee making facilities, tv etc. We had a room down the side of the hotel which was quieter. I found the hotel was surprisingly quiet for its location. Considering this is a 4* hotel and the fact the entrance and lobby were so grand the rooms were a little bit of a let down but nothing to complain about they were clean and that was the main thing!!Breakfast:I thought that breakfast here was amazing - there was sucj a wide variety to choose from - if you want cooked breakfast, fruit, pastries - you name it, it was there and you could go back as many times as you wished.All in all I thought this was a really nice hotel - the location was second to none, would definately return.	
Jan 16 2006	Excellent Value and Good Location	I am staying at the hotel as I write this review. I paid $56/night plus tax at this &quot;4-star&quot; hotel. Is is really a 4-star? I would say it is more of a 3 1/2 star hotel. The rooms are the largest I have ever stayed in at a European hotel. The rooms are clean, comfortable and quiet. They try to hit you for a 20 pound per room upgrade at check in and quite frankly, it is worth it. It includes the buffet breakfast which is usually priced at about 15 pounds each. So for 20 pounds, it is included in your room. Still overpriced at the weak dollar, but what can you do? They also throw in the use of 2 robes and some mineral water.The hotel has a good location near the Marble Arch. Right on the Central tube line and on Oxford Street.At the price I paid, THIS IS AN EXCELLENT VALUE. I think a comparable room would have cost me at least double what I paid.Would I stay here again? YES.	
Dec 23 2005	Convenient location pleasant room good rate	For $85 a night (through Priceline), this hotel is quite a bargain. I had a room facing the interior &quot;courtyard&quot; (actually, looking out over the hotel's heating/AC system), which was remarkably quiet if not exactly scenic. Aside from the view, the room was very pleasant (see photos, attached), and housekeeping was excellent. However, the bed was absolutely the most uncomfortable I've ever slept in. Had to sleep on my back, because the springs were so firm that it was actually painful to sleep on my side. Except for the bed, no complaints.	
Dec 19 2005	horror stay	Had a double room booked three months b4 arrival, only to be told when we got there that there were no more double rooms available. After the usual apologetic bull from the check in agent she found us a triple room that would have a double and a single bed in it, fine. Up to room and three singles. Back to check in, waited 10 mins for manager to see us, he managed to find us a double room (how, why now?) which would be ready for us in a short while. We gave him 10 mins he asked for so room would be clean. So to the room and, suprise suprise, dirty room with slept in bed and used coffee mugs all over. Really losing it now with the incompitence of all the employees we had dealt with so far, so picked up phone and onto manager again, not available. Got call back within 5 mins to be told we could have a suite for the night and profuse apologies, naturally we agreed, it had now taken us one hour from arrival to get into a habitable room. Got to suite, it was large and fairly well decorated but way under par for what the rack rate is. No minibar, two poor tv.s one of which was broken and a tired bathroom, really not a good impression of one of the hotels best rooms. So all in all a very dissapointing stay and wait for it, breaky in morning, no cups, glasses, plates or cuttlery and the food was gross. In short we won't return to a Thistle hotel this side of the next millenium.	
Dec 14 2005	Just book it!	We were delighted with the hotel, location was excellent as was the cleaniness, room layout and staff. We had dinner in the hotel both nights that we stayed and really enjoyed the selection of food and service was excellent! We are all recommending this hotel to our friends,	
Dec 13 2005	Better hotels for the money	I should begin by saying that I'm being generous in rating this hotel &quot;okay, but some problems&quot;, however the room was clean and so I must give deference to the housekeeping staff. I found the staff overall, however, unhelpful at best. The concierge never called to tell me my package had arrived and when I spotted the box sitting on the floor and asked for it, was simply given it without being asked for my identification or my room number. The breakfast was a complete ripoff and for some silly reason, despite taking my credit card, I was not able to charge anything to my room including phone calls, meals, or pay TV. The restaurant staff was in outerspace and the early bird dinner must surely have been cooked the night before. I should have known when I was quite literally only one of three people in the place at six in the evening on a Saturday. The dining room staff spent more time guffawing around and oogling the women in the lobby, rather overtly I might add, than waiting on the patrons. The Oxford Street room on the 5th floor was so noisy I barely slept a wink with buses coming and going throughout the night and a rather rowdy crowd most evenings. The hotel is tired and noisy with thin walls despite boasting a major rennovation. By six in the morning the building was humming with flushing toilets, clomping footsteps, and the bellmen dragging suitcases down seven flights of stairs as they are not permitted to use the guest elevators. Overall the hotel is a disappointment and the location is simply ok. Although you're not far from major tourist attractions, Oxford Street is like one giant American mall. Needless to say there are many more hotels in London with better ammenities, location, and staff for the same price. I would suggest the Copthorne Tara in Kensington and will be returning there myself on my next visit.	
Nov 29 2005	Nice hotel - great price	In a city of lousy, expensive hotel rooms, this hotel is a great find. I booked on Priceline at a total of $110 per night mid-week and I was concerned that it was almost too inexpensive. The hotel's website had rooms for $10 more including breakfast, which might be a better deal.The location is excellent - right in London's major shopping area at the beginning of Oxford Street, one block from Selfidges, three from Bond Street, a few more to Regent Street. Walkable to the British Museum, West End theaters, etc. Travelling light, it was a nice walk from Victoria Station.I could not have been more pleasantly surprised. I arrived at about 11 AM and was given my room immediately. The reception staff was welcoming and efficient. My room was on the 8th floor facing the courtyard. The elevators were quick. The hallways were nicely done. My room was just fine - enormous by London standards with a large bath. (I'm happy in London to get anything larger than a broom closet for $200.) The room was very clean, the furniture all fairly new - not fancy but fine. All amenities you would expect were present, including an in-room safe. The bathroom included towel warmers. Heating and ventilation were fine. The bed was a european-style hotel bed, with less padding than you might be accustomed to in the US but comfortable. This is a very large hotel so there are a lot of people around. I think that's why they give good deals. But even so, the staff was excellent in dealing with the crowds at breakfast, and at checkout one of the staff people was nice enough to help me short circuit the lines. I think most of the complaints I've read relate to the differences between British and US customs. I won't hesitiate to stay at this hotel again and have recommended it to my London friends.	
Nov 29 2005	Compares Favourably	This is the fourth hotel in this area that I have stayed in recently, all in about the same price range. This was by far the best - largest room; clean; comfortable beds; good atmosphere in the public areas of the hotel; very helpful staff. I'll be back.	
Nov 29 2005	Enjoyed every minute	Excellent location, great food and friendly and efficient staff. Spacious,clean bedroom with very comfy beds and pillows.Elevator to reception area is not a problem and is in fact a treat for tired feet! All areas, including reception area and dining room are very well decorated and maintained. Will certainly stay here again.	
Nov 28 2005	Theft/ No Customer Service	Pros: Good locationCons: Rampant theft and No customer service whatsovever imagine your room being broken into and everyone is looking at you as if this happens everyday and it should be okay as you should have travel insurance to cover any loss. This is what happened to me. No contact by the GM or the guest relations manager . Some effort by the security office whose equipment does not work and &quot;Thats the best we can do is the only reply&quot;.. i will not be staying there again if I have to take anything larger than an ipod with me. dont try leaving valuables that cannot fit in the safe with the front desk as they are not allowed to take items.	
Nov 26 2005	Great location	What a fabulous location to see London. Hotel was clean, hopping with people, breakfast was great, rooms were large and bathroom was big. No complaints. The escalator to the lobby area was no big deal because it kept the street noise away. Staff was very friendly and attentive at all times. Booked my stay through Londontown and everything went smoothly and reasonable for the location and hotel. I would definitely stay there again when I return to London. The tube station was around the corner, Oxford Streeet = the main shopping area, 2 seconds away, lots of restaurants, taxis and buses available.	
Nov 11 2005	Good location Great Rates	I stayed at the Thistle Marble Arch for 3 nights at the beginning of November. I booked the room through Priceline for $75 night. I was assigned a room on the 8th floor with twin beds which could be pushed together. The room was clean and spacious. It had a mini-fridge for small items. The Marks and Spencer food market in the basement was right around the corner and had lots of goodies and prepackaged sandwiches, salads, fruit, etc. Hotel is close to two subway stops and is right in the middle of Oxford Street shopping. Overall, a great deal on a nice hotel in London.	
Nov 11 2005	Great place for the price!	We stayed here on the weekend of Oct. 28th and got an incredible deal on Priceline. Only $75 per night for two nights (Plus fees)... You truly CANNOT beat that for London. The location is perfect. Just one block from the Marble Arch tube stop and steps away from Oxford Street shopping!! The room is clean and a decent size. The hotel is not overly modern or new seeming, but it is definitely a nice place to lay your head at night after shopping or sightseeing. The staff was very polite as well. I'm not sure what the going rate is for this hotel if you book it outright but I would definitely say it is worth at least twice what we paid.	
Nov 7 2005	Not bad at all	After reading quite a few negative reviews on this site, I was a bit apprehensive, but was pleased with my 2-night stay here. The location was excellent and, yes, we had a long walk to and from our room, but I didn't find that a problem. We chose not to upgrade the room (which they offer everybody on check-in), which was smart. Toiletries were included, and we ate what probably was a much nicer and cheaper breakfast at a café close by. Unless you depend on the other amenities offered by the upgrade, I doubt it would be worth the price.The only time the elevators were particularly busy was around check-in/check-out time, but otherwise the elevators were really fast. The room was nice, bright, and quiet. And it was handy to have an empty minibar to stock our water bottles.I wouldn't recommend this hotel to people with children in strollers or the disabled. There's an escalator up to the lobby and steep steps down again (couldn't see a special elevator for these groups).	
Nov 3 2005	Nice weekend break	Booked this with two tickets to see Les Mis on saturday afternoon for £130 per room on last minute.Room was corner room to rear of hotel, which meant we had a long walk down confusing corridors to get to the room.The room itself was v clean, bright and reasonable size with a seperate desk area.Bed was very comfortable and yes it had waterproof cover as previously mentioned but did not find this a bad thing at all.Great base for weekend in London seeing theatre and the mighty Arsenal.Compare this too the Regent palace at piccadilly for roughly same price, this wins easily.Would return at this price.	
Oct 21 2005	Beds that date back to the turn of the century...18th Century!	The other reviews are correct, the hotel has large rooms and the bathrooms are nice for London. The airconditioning is excellent. The location is OK. Don't expect to get the size bed you request. I was given two twins when I requested a King/Queen. Both of the twin beds were overly soft, mushy and totally unsupportive. There are no mattress pads so you can feel the buttons on the mattress while you try to sleep. These were the worst 2 beds I've ever slept in. I have lost two days of work upon my return to the states because my back is in such pain. This didn't make my cheap price from priceline worth it. If you do decide to stay here NEVER book this hotel without using priceline. Do not pay more than US $60 a night or you will be disappointed. At best this is a 2.5 star hotel.	
Oct 18 2005	Nice central base of operations in London	We had a nice stay here for 2 nights on our way to Italy. The hotel is half a block away from the March Arch Underground station in an up-scale neighborhood close to a variety of shopping/dining options. I booked the room through Priceline and got a great deal ($75/nt). The only complaints would be that: (1) While we requested a room with a queen bed, we were given a triple room with three singles. We ended up sliding two of the beds together and using the third for luggage so it wasn't a big deal, but worth mentioning; (2) The concierge wasn't helpful at all. We had to basically fend for ourselves because we had reservations at a fairly new restaurant nearby (Maze) and the concierge had no idea where it was (in fact, she had never heard of it).	
Oct 8 2005	Great deal good location and large rooms	The best parts of this hotel was it's price, size of rooms and location. Through priceline got 5 nights for 59 USD, can't beat that for central london location. Rooms were very spaceous, clean and with windows that opened. Nice size bathroom, in room safe, iron and board. The only thing the room lacked was space to unpack clothes although closet was large. Beds were a bit too soft yet okay. Only downside was only 2 twins were available. Not many extra ammenities. Elevators were a bit slow and packed especially during peak hours. Needed to take escalator from front door to lobby level. Hint: when checking out there is a service elevator available to ground floor behind front desk. Staff was okay, not overly friendly and quite rude at checkout. Beware of extra charges that appear on TV bill review.Location is right on central (red) tube line. Would not suggest using tube from airport due to multiple line changes and lots of stairs. Hotel offered pickup service for a reasonable fee (76 pounds for minivan for 4 people plus luggage.) Also very close to Jubilee line (at bond street) which is very convenient. Close to shopping, restaurants and starbucks. James street had lots of quaint restaurants of various types just a few blocks away from hotel near Selfridges.London is EXPENSIVE and HUGE but still lovely.	
Sep 30 2005	Great Deal on the Marble Arch on PL	We stayed for four nights at the Thistle Marble Arch in September, 2005. Got the hotel for a total of $268 on Priceline. Very handy to the tube and Oxford Street. We had no problems getting around. Our room overlooked the side street (can't remember the name of it). It was a little noisy a couple of the nights - mostly people coming from the bars after closing. They talked us into upgrading our room and including breakfast when we checked in. This was an additional $100 and we didn't feel that it was worth the price. The buffet breakfast was fine but the service was lacking. Otherwise a decent room and plenty of space for us. The front desk was helpful as was the concierge. It was a little hard finding the hotel when we first arrived in London but we just kept stopping people and asking until we found it.	
Sep 29 2005 	Best location	The location is one of the best hotels location in the begining of Oxford St. and Hyde park cross the street. the picadelly and west end is 15-20 minutes walk through regent St. other than that the hotel is less than average. I got executive room which I told that it is &quot;far better&quot; than the standard. however it was small as usual in London and nothing special. the hotel is very big so the distance between lifts and room may take 2-3 minutes! breakfast is OK.if you are looking for good location and got a very good deal go to this hotel, otherwise it is not recommended.	
Sep 28 2005	Perfect!!	We stayed here from 19-23 Sept. and booked through Priceline $85 per night. Excellent price-quality deal for London, best you can get. Believe me I looked long and hard. Very central, close to metro and Hyde Park. Nice pub around the corner, Starbucks around the corner, what more do you need. Rooms are spaceous and comfortable. If travelling from airport to hotel, try to arrange a private taxi airport service. Heathrow Express is expensive 15 pounds per person. A private taxi charges 25 pound for the ride. So if travelling with more than 1, I'd recommend that. If you allow the concierge to arrange a private taxi for you, he will add at least 25 pounds to the bill, so arrange for a taxi yourself. If already in London, private taxis advertise on the street by handing out cards. I asked around and everyone thought it was reliable, and it was. Enjoy your stay! London's fab!	
Sep 22 2005	terrible beds - lovely room	Excellent location good breakfast, Had a twin deluxe room was huge (a surprise for london)- lovely decor and furnishings, bathroom was huge with seperate shower (and bath) with extra jets/sauna. lovely shampoo etc. suite of walk in wardrobes, was in luxury then went to bed!! Imagine my disappointment when I discovered the below cheap mattress which had either no springs or one digging into you. Also the so called a/c if you put it lower than 20c in ten minutes it reverts back to 20c again!! After trudging around london all day all you want is a comfortable bed which sadly this hotel does not give you.	
Sep 14 2005	Big rooms - friendly staff	Stayed for 3 nights in 2 doublerooms. Very nice roomsizes - it's needed when you are away for more than 1 day. Room kept ok - only bad thing the mattressquality which was plasticcoated. Bathroom nice, with utensils - and clean.Overall view of the premises is that the hotel is a little worn - but the staff was very friendly and helpfull.Definitely a recommendation for a family weekend - and dont forget, the location ON Oxford Street - and 100 meters away from Marble Arch subway - is excellent.	
Sep 12 2005	Delighted with Thistle Marble Arch	Our family of 4 (including 2 teens) spent 3 nights at the Thistle Marble Arch in August. We were absolutely delighted with the hotel! Our &quot;quad&quot; room was large, comfortable, clean and very charming. Our kids got a kick out of the bathroom with its heated towel warmer and speaker connected to the bedroom television. The location near Oxford Street was very convenient for both walking (plenty of shopping and restaurants) and the underground. One evening we even walked home from Harrod's, a pleasant 25 minute stroll through Hyde Park. We found the reception area to be attractive and the staff helpful. The price was within our modest budget, for which we were grateful considering that we traveled during high season. We will gladly stay again at the Thistle on our next trip to London!	
Sep 11 2005	Great location but the hotel is ok at best!	The best part about this hotel is the location. The staff was friendly and accomodating. Overall, the hotel was ok considering the really good deal I paid for it. I probably wouldn't stay there again.	
Sep 11 2005 	Ideal for seeing London	The hotel is just behind Oxford street. A ideal place to travel from on foot or tube.The westend is a 20 minute walk also Buckingham Palace ,Whitehall , Houses of Parliment.and Knightsbridge. The staff could not be any friendlier. The room was good and clean. I would stay here again.	
Sep 7 2005	Great Hotel Great Location	We stayed for 4 nights and loved the hotel and location. The hotel is located less than 75 meters or so from the Marble Arch Underground stop and is located right on Oxford St. Even though our room was located on the 2nd floor overlooking Oxford the room was quiet. Rooms were large and clean. I would stay there again.	
Aug 30 2005 	Fantastic Hotel	Having stayed all over London using priceline.co.uk in 3 and 4 star hotels, I have to say that this is the best of the bunch. I wasn't expecting much from the thistle (having stayed at their hotel in The City), but this one is great. I had a huge room with a beautiful bathroom. cable TV and the in-room food was great too. I highly recommend this hotel. And the location is hard to beat too!!	
Aug 28 2005	Great place for a great deal	My husband I recently stayed here twice during our 2 week trip to Europe and we both thought it was great.We were a bit worried because we read some not so great reviews right before leaving but when we got there we were pleasantly surprised the room was large, clean and the beds were comfortable.The rooms also have cable and you cannot beat the location. It is a great place to stay if you are looking to do a lot of walking which we did.	
Aug 22 2005	Good value	Good location and surprisingly quiet. Odd entrance but once up the stairs it was ok. The room was fine and air conditioning very effective if not a little noisey, but not nearly as noisey as the room next to us at 4am in the morning! Bar very very expensive and very very slow, very understaffed and the staff they did have did not know how to work the tills! Breakfast good with cheerful staff.Would go stay again but get a deal...try Priceline and bid for your room, I have not yet been disappointed about the location or price...we paid £50.00 per night for the room at the Thistle. Try it, they do it for most large European Cities.	
Aug 18 2005	Great Hotel	Just came back from a 5 day stay in London, this was a great hotel, rooms were large and price was good. Beautiful lobby area and the staff was friendly. Would highly recommend this hotel and when we go back to London, we'd stay here again.	
Aug 15 2005 	Luxury!!!	I stayed at the Thistle Marble Arch on a course with work and booked it through Lastminute and got an incredible deal at £89 (No breakfast included).The hotel itself was stunning, luxuriously decorated in wood and marble. Reception were quick and helpful. We didn't have breakfast or eat our evening meal at the hotel, but the prices weren't extortionate.My room was enormous, I had a king size bed and plenty of space all round it. The ensuite bathroom was fully tiled and not a drop of mildew in sight - nice powerful shower and was a really good size as well - as big as some of the rooms I have stayed in in London!!!! Good quality complimentary toiletries were provided.Location couldn't be beaten - the hotel is practically on top of Marble arch - the tube and Oxford Street, but tucked behind it all so you don't get any noise disturbance.If I could afford it I would definitely stay there again - I have another work course there in September, but unfortunately their prices have gone up to £99 which is outside our budget :-( If I were to go on a trip to London for a romantic break with my partner I would splash out to stay here - you get much more for your money compared to similar priced hotels.	
Aug 11 2005	Great Rooms	My Husband and I stayed at this hotel on 2 separate occasions during our 2 week visit to London and Paris. The first time was for 1 night. We were given an executive room and was pleased with it overall. The room included a nice robe and nice large bathroom. The minibar was empty as you could order your items from room service. This left the fridge available for us to put our own items. Our second time around we stayed for 3 nights and was upgraded to an executive quad room which was even bigger than the first. We got these rooms through Priceline.com and paid only $60us/night for them. The location is ideal being off of Oxford street and a 2 minute walk to Marble Arch Tube Stop. As previous writers have stated, to actually reach the hotel you have to enter from Bryanston street which is behind Oxford. Even then you have to take escalators up to the lobby. What we didn't realise the first time around was that instead of taking the stairs down with our heavy luggage, there was actually elevators available that could take you down to the ground level. Better signs needs to be put up. Other than that, we were really comfortable in our rooms and really enjoyed ourselves. The rooms although small, were well decorated with a good sized bathroom and well worth the price we paid.	
Aug 11 2005 	Superb Value	I needed a crash pad for one night in the week that didn't cost a fortune but still provided a decent level of service and quality. The Thistle Marble Arch ticked all the right boxes. Priceline accepted my offer of GBP37 which came to GBP47.76 when taxes and service charges were added on. Frankly this is a bargain for a 4* hotel in central london, especially when you consider the best rate on the Thistle website was GBP105 inc tax. Arriving at the hotel is quite daunting as you are immediately confronted by a long narrow escalator taking you up to the reception area. Once there though the reception and lounge areas are spacious, if a little on the dark side as this area does not benefit from any natural light. Check in took a while but I was soon allocated a double room. Unfortunately when I got to my room I realised that all was not as it should be. The room was huge but missed one important facility - a bed! It was a 'syndicate room' which basically means it is a meeting room and bedroom in one, with the bed being one that folds up into the wall. I pulled the bed down and it creaked and clanked all the way down. Frankly it wasn't acceptable. I went back to reception and asked for a regular double room. They had two double rooms left on the 1st floor (I didn't want to pay to upgrade) and I choose one right at the end of the corridor overlooking the back of the hotel. The room was perfect for me as the room was silent, though it might not have been acceptable for an American visitor as it was at least a two minute walk from reception to the room. I thought that the room was perfect with a king size bed, plenty of room for a seating area and large marble bathroom; and everything was spotless. I slept like a log, would certainly return, and would even be happy to pay more than GBP47.76!	
Aug 8 2005	Nice hotel in a great location but a bit noisy...	I'm an American living in the suburbs of London. My British husband and I were attending a concert in Regent's Park so I decided to book a hotel for the night so we wouldn't have to travel on the train late at night. The Thistle was pretty much what I expected from a mainstream, large hotel chain. Nice clean room and bathroom, all the mod cons - electric kettle for tea, iron, hair dryer, trouser press, refrigerator, tv and, most important for me being an American from the South, Air Conditioning that worked! I wish I could say the same for the TV remote, we had some trouble with that and the pillows were either too flat or too lumpy. I really should have requested some new ones though!And YES the room came with SOAP, shampoo, shower cap and shower gel. The hot water ran fast and hard (it only took 5 minutes for my husband to run a full bath!). The only thing I can fault with the bathroom was when I took a shower, the water didn't drain quick enough so it was a sort of half- shower, half-bath I wound up taking. Not a big deal really.What I DIDN'T expect was for it to be located directly ON Oxford Street. Their address is listed as Bryanston Street (directly behind Oxford Street) and a map I was shown made it seem as if the hotel didn't have an outer wall on Oxford Street. The location is great if you need to be centrally located but I would not recommend it if you are looking for some peace and quiet. The big red buses are constantly running up and down the street and we heard police sirens on more than one occasion.Having said that, the location is about a 2 minute walk from Marble Arch tube station, and is also within walking distance to Bond Street and Oxford Street tubes as well. Oxford street is great for shopping: Selfridges, H&amp;M, TopShop, Urban Outfitters and Laura Ashley are all located on Oxford Street.Overall, we enjoyed our stay because the room was quite nice and the location was so central which cut down on our travel time. I also thought it was good value for the money.	
Aug 7 2005	Good value if you can get a deal but there are better	Plusses – nice room, tube station below, across from Hyde ParkMinuses – gym, expensive internet. The Hotel is located a stone’s throw from the Marble Arch tube station. It is surely a tourist hotel, with a crowded lobby, but check in was very quick and smoothe, and the room was excellent. Very good size, good bathroom with decent amenities. The television had many stations. The bed was very comfy, but the pillows a bit small. However, a phone call to reception and I had several more pillows in a moment which made things much more comfortable. The room had a nice bath, with shower/tub combo, marble sinks, nothing to rave about, but clean and serviceable. They had an iron press, mini-bar, nice towels, and the room was very clean, well-decorated, and well taken care of. For the price I paid on Priceline, I thought I was very lucky to have such a nice place especially given the high cost of most hotels in London. The internet cost 15 pounds for 24 hours, but there were numerous internet cafes in the area offering much cheaper rates. They had a gym, which I used on one occasion. It was terrible. The weight machines had cracked weights making for dangerous usage. The Television volume would not go high enough to hear so it was unusable. The treadmill was on its last legs, and was incredibly loud, like the engine of the plane I had just gotten off of. It was a dangerous, terrible gym. Better to use one of the many gyms in town for a small fee than risk your life in this place. The hotel had a Carvery restaurant, which seemed busy and served breakfast for 12 pounds, but I never ate there. They also had a pastry and sandwich café that looked decent. The location is not central, but it is across from Hyde Park, which is great for walking and jogging and is absolutely beautiful, and is at the top of Oxford Street. The Marble ARch tube station is 100 yards from the hotel front door, which is a bit tricky to find, and you can get anywhere quickly, if you dare. I walked frequently into the West End in about 25 minutes. The area around the hotel was full of shops and restaurants and right across from beautiful Hyde Park. There was plenty to do at night right in the area, lots of good restaurants. I was happy with the hotel, especially when I realized that people were paying two and three times as much as me for a lot less.	
Aug 5 2005 	Pretty bad hotel in good location	This is the first hotel I've ever stayed in that has not provided Soap. I mean, even the cheapest dives I've visited have at least provided soap. The room was OK - with small leaky windows that looked on to some scaffolding. The bed was one of the most uncomfortable I've stayed in. The bathroom was clean-ish, but needed painting. The lobby, garish and the staff rather abrupt. Its a good location, but don't stay here if you want a nice london experience.	
Jul 22 2005 	Great location average hotel good if you get a deal	I stayed here for 1 night on business and wasn't overly impressed. I've come to expect quite little from Thistle and this is the typical run of the mill hotel I've come to expect from them.Having said that the location is great, just beside Oxford St, Marble Arch, Central Line tube and buses.The entrance to the hotel is a bit strange with a long escalator, leading up to what looks like a shopping mall lobby. The staff were efficient at check in and when I requested a refurbished room I was told that all of them were, however this didn't seem to be the case when I got to my room.The room itself was a twin (I requested a double) and was spacious, though unfortunately near an air conditioning outlet which was a bit noisy. The windows were 1 pane and quite old, which didn't help the noise situation. Apart from that the room was fine, the bathroom roof is quite low and at 5'10&quot; I was hitting the shower head with my own head. A few inches more and I'd be hitting the roof.I'd recommend this hotel if you get a good deal, as the location is superb, but I wouldn't be too keen on choosing it if you're on business and have a choice, in that case I'd rather have the Marriott nearby.	
Jul 19 2005	Good location but has problems	Booked this hotel for 2 nights thru Cunard Line, a full English breakfast was included in the price. Paid $440 per person for the package but this included transfers from airport and transportation to the dock in Southampton.Entrance to hotel was not very inviting, 1st floor lobby was much nicer looking.The first room that we were given was on the 4th floor, small but nicely decorated room but had a bath tub that was VERY tall. This was a problem since my wife had knee surgery a few months ago. When the front desk was advised of this we were moved to the 3rd floor and given a handicaped room with a walk-in shower. Room was not as nice, found an ant on the bed and discovered that the automatic window drapes did not work.Location was good, excellent breakfast buffet.	
Jul 14 2005	Convenient location cavernous corridors	The entrance to the hotel is odd, and less than welcoming. You approach along a street mostly consisting of car park entrances, towards the Thistle Hotel sign from which the Hs have been removed. Ground level is a concierge and small shop, otherwise an escalator to reception (perhaps difficult for people with mobility needs?) Presumably due to the abundance of 'deals' on this place, the Reception/bar level seemed permanently thronged with 'blokes' in shorts being a little rowdy.However, once upstairs, it's more pleasant. The corridors are very long, but well-maintained and pleasant. The room was a good size for London, and well-enough equipped. Would be nice if they replaced some of the limited hotel info when it got creased/soiled, but few places do... The bathroom was nice, the room and bed clean and comfortable.All in all, for a deal (we got the room for £55 incl charges/tax), it's worth it. At full price, I'm not so sure	
Jul 13 2005	Total comfort!	We booked this hotel through the BHRC located in the tube. We were very anxious as we were leaving one of the worst hotels we have ever encountered (Cordova House). When we arrived we were very pleasantly surprised and relieved. We had requested a quad, and were given a family room on the 5th floor. It was two rooms, one with a large King, one with two twins. It was spacious, clean, well equipped with every convenience and had a clean and large bathroom. It was so comfortable that we actually entertained and served tea to our British family members for a couple of hours one afternoon, bringing the number of people in the room to 11! We paid 139 pounds per night.The location was excellent, right around the corner from Oxford Street and near the tube station. The room was very quiet at night and the beds and linens were top quality. The only complaint would be that the lobby area is not well ventilated and the second hand smoke is out of control.We didn't partake of the breakfast as it was not included with our room and quite pricey otherwise. The hotel is very gracious and responsible about storing your bags if your departure is later than check out time. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful.	
Jul 6 2005	overlooked oxford street	Stayed here for 2 nights at live 8 weekend. Staff very friendly and efficient. No problem checking in/out. Upgraded for £15 per night per room and got full breakfast and better room. Very comfortable beds, air conditioned rooms and internet access if required. Would definetly stay again.	
Jul 1 2005	Good Choice	This large hotel is situated in the Marble Arch district of London adjacent to Hyde Park and the underground metro. The best thing about the hotel is that we got a sound sleep everynight without street or adjacent room noise. The hotel itself is very visually appealing inside and has a good restaurant and bar set-up. It is a block from the underground metro so getting places was easy. We used the room service and the food and service was good. Overall, we rate this hotel above average and would stay there again.	
Jun 27 2005	What is everyone talking about?	I was very worried at the reviews for this hotel after I had booked it!! We had a quad room - 1 over king size bed and 2 singles and thought the room was great. The room was clean, as was the bedding... although the mattress a little too hard for me. The staff were very pleasant and helpful. The breakfast (included in our booking) was great. Lots of choice, although someone wants to tell the waitresses how to make a proper pot of tea! The positioning of the hotel was also great only being a couple of hundred yards from the tube station on Oxford Street. Overall we had a great stay in this hotel - no complaints from us!	
Jun 23 2005 	Pleasant Surprise	I was pleasantly surprised when I stayed here for one night in June while in London on business. I stay regularly in London for business and decided to try the Thistle since everything else was booked up. The location is great - a short walk to Mayfair and to Hyde Park and the closest tube stop is on the central line. The day I checked in was very hot, the hotel escalator wasn't working and the air conditioning was not on in the lobby. The lobby is dark, shabby, looks outdated and tired and I was dreading the room at this point. What a nice surprise when I got to the room - brightly decorated, spacious, clean and quiet with air conditioning. It was worth the money. So, don't judge the rooms by the lobby in this case. I will return for a long-term stay next time I am in London.	
Jun 19 2005 	Lovely Quiet rooms good location amazing rude staff and bad food	I stayed here a few years ago and I remembered I liked it so I decided to stay again. What I like is it is in central London, reasonably priced(my room was GBP115 including VAT) the room on the inside of the hotel are very quiet as they do not face the road but other rooms. The rooms are large for the price, beds comforable.The bad is as follows- staff are very rude at checkout, the concierge, room service. Even after I tiped room service in cash they were rude - I have lived in London on and off for years so I know what to expect but there is this attitude, and it seems to be running through the staff that its us and them and we(the guests) are the enemy.-the telephone rates in the room say 50p per unit which I thought was 50p per minute - well I called my boss on his UK mobile phone and they charged me GBP2.5 per minute - it was a 60 minute call so they charged me GBP150.-The internet is GBP15.00 per day extra-The room service food was very bad.Even given how bad the service was I probably would stay here again as I like the quiet.	
Jun 13 2005	Sorry Thistle You're Not Very Comfy	I stayed here as part 2 of my London experience. It was in a great location, but the room was very small and old. The docor was extremely outdated and the windows had paint chips that fell daily on the floor. The bed was horrible and had a plastic sheet over the mattress. I had 2 nights of bad sleep and woke up in a sweat which is something I never do. I would compare it to a Best Western hotel. The best thing about this hotel was the lobby and exit door. I will not stay here again. Try the Dolphin Square hotel.	
Jun 12 2005	very pleasantly surprised	After reading some of the earlier reviews,I approached our stay with much trebidation.We arrived at the hotel at 1:00PM and found our rooms ready for occupancy A 30 million pound renovation is almost completed.The only evidence of remaing renovations to be completed was scaffolding on one side of the hotel as new windows were being installed. The room was a very nice size,bathroom was large with a huge bathtub and plenty of hot water. Hotel personnel were very helpful We would stay there again and have already recommended this hotel to friends	
May 24 2005	Terrific!	My family and I stayed at the Thistle Marble Arch (London) during the month of May 2005. We loved it! Since our suite was located in one of the building's corner on the upper floors, we had a marvelous view of Hyde Park. Be sure to request the upper floors (6th or 7th) corner rooms with view of Hyde Park. The English breakfast is plentiful, the hotel is clean and the staff is friendly. The desserts are outstanding!! FYI, ice buckets are not to be found in this hotel. They provide small styrofoam cups next to the ice machines. Unfortunately, the cups were not always available. Also, there were days where some of their elevator banks were not operational. Overall, we had a wonderful time. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
May 23 2005	Made bad experience super	Kudos to a great hotel for taking a problem and making it a wonerfull travelers experienceManagement performed beyond excellent.P.S. More on my personal web site. www.bobzo.com.	
May 22 2005	Wonderful hotel	A lovely hotel only 5 mins walk away from Oxford Street.Our family room was spacious and clean with 2 twin beds tucked around a corner and a kingsize for us.Large clean bathroom.Wonderful buffet breakfast with a choice of continental or cooked .A great hotel for a shopping trip and I would recommend the family room.We definately felt we had made a good choice and that oit was excellent value for money.We would definately use this hotel again.	
Apr 30 2005	Marble Arch was just fine	We stayed here 4 nights in late March. The room was larger than I expected and the bathroom was modern with lots of Marble. Breakfast was decent. Very filling, but the same every day. Location on Oxford Street is good and safe. We let our girls, 14 and 16 cruise a very busy Oxford St. with no problems at all. Very close to the Tube.	
Apr 29 2005	Very Pleased.	I stayed in the Thistle Marble Arch for 3 nights at the end of March. I was quite apprehensive before arrival as I had noted a number of negative reviews here. Also, I booked with lastminute and took a chance - i.e. I didn't know the name of the hotel when booking.However, I was pleasantly surprised. I booked a double room. When I asked for a quiet room, the receptionist offered me a twin room which she said was the quietest she had. I accepted. The room (on 7th floor) was the brightest that I had ever encountered in a hotel - with a window the length of the room. It was large, clean, and nicely laid out. The bathroom was newly revampted. There was a safe, a fridge, tea, individual temp. control - all very useful.The bed was very comfortable, and had down pillows. There were two beds but they were together. That suited me well but may not suit others seeking a twin room. There was enough space to separate the beds but they were made up as one bed. The original windows need replacing but a second PVC window has been fitted inside the old one which keeps the room quiet and cosy.I didn't eat the breakfast in the hotel as it cost £14, which I thought ridiculously high. I did note queues for breakfast.There were only 4 lifts for the whole 692 rooms but there was no delay except at around 9am and 6pm.I found any staff that I dealt with to be very efficient and courteous.Location is excellent for shopping and just around corner from Marble Arch tube station. Also many buses pass along Oxford Street and stop directly across from the hotel at the Marble Arch stop.I found this hotel to be 4 star level and was very pleased with my stay.And the room was very quiet!	
Apr 26 2005	Shocked with the complaints - I have none at all	I stayed at the Thistle Marble Arch, April 15, 2005 for 4 nights. The location was great, service was friendly and the room was spotless every single day.Check in was a little long because we arrived with a group of people participating in the London Marathon, but not a big deal. We were treated quite well despite having an extremley discounted room rate.The escalator was not working while we were there, so we got a workout everyday, but that was fine and there was a lift available for use. The common area lifts were a little slow, but it was a busy weekend, so we overlooked that.Concierge was VERY helpful and quite friendly. (Mr. Camacho was an EXCELLENT Resource!) He sent us to a Fabulous Spanish Restaurant called &quot;La Rueda&quot; about 5 minutes walk from the hotel and to &quot;Le Porte de Inde&quot; an upscale Indian restaurant on the same block as the hotel. Both were Excellent and no reservations were needed.The full English Breakfast that was included in our rate was Excellent. Fried, scrambled and hard boiled eggs, bacon, ham, sausage, hasbrowns, potatoes, cheese, yogurt, fresh bread...etc, and the wait staff was extremely upbeat and helpfull even in the mad morning rush. Overall my experience was quite good and I would recommend this hotel. This is not the Four Seasons, but for London, this was just right!	
Apr 17 2005	really bad night service	we had a very bad experience in that hotel . We came for a weekend in London and arrive late at night the hotel was busy and service at reception was really bad specialy when aneka told us we are fully book and we dont have any room for you. They let us sitting in the lobby waiting for 2 hours until they said there is no hotel available at the moment with a big small, very disapointed.	
Apr 17 2005	Like a very bad movie	Location was great. The rooms were of a good size for London and the bathroom was large and modern. Much better than what we were expecting for the price. However, this hotel had frighteningly poor service and even poorer housekeeping standards.We got up to our room, which had not been cleaned at all from the previous guests and it was disgusting. Downstairs I went with my mother, who was quite ill. I was not too upset, figuring they had a mixup with the list from housekeeping. In turn, they were rude and seemed surprised that I wouldn't want to get into the room and then wait for their staff to come clean it. I thought they were joking, but they were dead serious. Stood in line for a while, and they gave me room #2. The room smelled quite strongly of fresh cigarette smoke. Opened the curtains and discovered why. There were workmen on the hotel roof right outside my window (actually sitting on the ledge), taking their tea break. We thought we could grin and bear it but when tea was over, the swearing and work noise was too much. Downstairs we went again. Into room #3 but it had no toilet paper and let's just say my mother's condition had deteriorated to the point that she needed some immediately. I made 3 calls to housekeeping and finally ran out to a convenience store to buy some. Pulled back filthy bedspreads and stored them for the duration. Dirty kleenex, etc. under desk. We had three phones. None worked. Back to the front desk. I was told I probably didn't know how to use the phones properly and to use the lobby phones. Then I heard someone in the room behind the desk chortling about how the phones in that room hadn't worked for two weeks. At this point I was waiting for someone from a hidden camera show to jump out and tell me I'd been X-d. This is a building in need of some decent staff.	
Apr 5 2005	Why all the Hating??	Our four night stay at the Thistle was great. Excellent location, nice sized room for europe. our fifth floor room faced oxford street and had a big comfy bed. If i had complaints i would say the room service food sucked and the houskeeping staff did not respet the do not disturb sign. We wanted the room left alone and left the do not disturb light on and came back to find the light off and the room cleaned. Service at any cost i guess, so if you don't want anything messed with, lock it in the provided safe. None of our things were missing, but if i leave do not disturb that means don't come in, even if I'm not there, LEAVE! But i guess they don't see it that way. Overall an excellent hotel where i would enjoy staying again.	
Mar 17 2005	You Can Do Much Better	This is a large hotel that specializes in groups to fill its 400+ rooms. As a result, it is not surprising to experience lines at registration or to find the elevators too full to enter. It has poor services for business travellers charging 15 pounds per day for Internet and 1.50 pound for 800 telephone calls. Its location is convenient to Oxford Street shopping and the Marble Arch tube. However, it is not a great location for restaurants or the theatre. The service is below par as the employees seem often overwhelmed. This is not an inexpensive hotel - you can do much better in London finding a friendlier and better located hotel.	
Mar 16 2005	Excellent room in perfect location--I will return!	The Thistle Marble Arch is right on Oxford street in the heart of London, within walking distance of Buckingham Palace and many other sights. The many double-decker busses that stop in front of the hotel will take you almost anywhere you want to go. The &quot;tube&quot; is 1-2 blocks away.We stayed for six nights in early March 2005. Our room, overlooking Oxford street, was immaculate! Due to the double-glazed windows, traffic noise was not much of a problem.The hotel does have two negatives--neither one critical. First, it is large, so you will walk a bit to your room. Second, since it is on busy Oxford street, with no room for taxis to stop, the entrance had to be placed on the &quot;back&quot; side (Bryanston Street). And the lobby is up a long escalator ride to the second floor, since the entire ground floor is given over to stores. So you walk a bit more.Once there, the lobby is pleasant, but more serviceable than luxurious.We paid 20 pounds per day for an upgrade to an executive room, and it was worth it. The upgrade included a large and attractive buffet breakfast that had virtually everything, even sauteed mushrooms, tomatoes, and fresh fruit. A very pleasant way to start the day. And our room, as stated above, was attractive and immaculate, with marble in the bath.The hotel has two bars, including the Art Deco &quot;Glenn Miller&quot; Bar, which was pleasant.We were surprised at first to find two single beds (not double), but the mattresses were firm and comfortable. Bedding included attractive duvets, as found in finer hotels. Housekeeping was excellent.Since we got our room on Priceline at an excellent price, we would have had to pay about three times as much to get anything significantly better. I would be delighted to return to this hotel the next time I'm in London, and plan to do so.	
Mar 11 2005	GREAT hotel GREAT value!	Okay, so we got a SUPER cheap rate on Priceline (which isn't hard if you're willing to put in the research), and feared for the worst when I saw some of the reviews on this site, but was more than pleasantly surprised when we arrived... the check-in line did take a bit of time (about 20 minutes), but we got chatty with a really nice clerk who gave us an upgrade to a &quot;better&quot; room (not sure what the inferior room was, but maybe that's what the previous reviewers got), along with a few vouchers for a FULL English breakfast (and who needs more than one of those per trip to London - urp!). Anyway, rooms was very clean, beds and bedding were comfy (and FIRM, instead of saggy like many European beds i've experienced), housekeeping did a great job every day, and extra towels were supplied quickly upon request. Even though the room faced busy Oxford Street, the windows were doubled, which kept the room very quiet. The heating and cooling system worked fine (always seems to be a problem with me) and the bathroom was big and clean. The shower didn't have the best water pressure, but that's pretty standard in the U.K. (and I've had MUCH worse, even at expensive London hotels!)There was a small minbar fridge that was already emptied, so we bought cheap drinks and nibbles at the numerous local stores. There are also two locations of Pret-A-Manger nearby for delicious coffee and breakfst treats if you don't feel like splashing out on room service (and who does these days with the dollar being so weak!). As mentioned in other reviews, the location at Marble Arch is GREAT, especially for buses to just about everywhere (and a bus pass good until 4:30 am is only £3.00 a day -- good for those late night pub/club hops!)  As I've said in the past, it pays to be pleasant to the staff at your hotel, especially the front desk clerk! Don't be a stereotypical grumpy and demanding American; you catch more flies with honey than vinegar! Happy travels!	
Mar 4 2005 	This IS a good hotel	Staying here means staying literally in the heart of London...right slap bang in the thrust of it !The hotel is big - 700 rooms - so dont come for high level personal service. The size and volumes they must do here means that sometimes some people are going to be disappointed - and for sure there will be queues for breakfast if you decide to come down late...with another 600 people all having had the same idea !The rooms are a really good size for London, esp as this isnt a five property - and there are many more expensive four star. And by walking around the hotel you notice there isnt that tendency for some floors to be better than others, depending on when they were redecorated...they all seemed equally good (size and decor) from what I saw...What should one expect from a 4 star London hotel ? This one really does deliver for me. I honestly think if people dont like it, they really ran unlucky or are they sure they had a reasonable expectation in the first place ? I'm happy to tell people I stay here, and happy to have people meet me there when I am in London...it's a smart hotel and gives a good impression.	
Mar 1 2005	I thought it was quite nice!	The Thistle Marble Arch didn't disappoint me at all. It was just what I expected. The rooms were very large, and clean, the bed was comfortable, and my accommodation felt more like an apartment. The windows were double glazed, and quiet even though there was construction going on across the street. They do vary in size, so perhaps I'm a lucky guy. The location was excellent, a block from Hyde Park, 1 block from a tube station, and around the corner from Oxford Street shopping. The service can be a bit impersonal, though keep in mind, the hotel has 700 rooms. It's a better option for a self sufficient traveler who can explore and find dining options on their own, and know how to book theater tickets and work their way through a city. If you do need help, such as when I arranged transportation to the airport, the staff is generally helpful and personable. When in a large hotel, there will occasionally be waits at the front desk/concierge, especially considering some of the demanding guests I've overheard while in line.My only &quot;gripe&quot; about the hotel (which is large and occupies a full city block), is there are only 4 passenger elevators which are located in a corner of the building; this can mean a long walk to them depending on where you are. In this case, I had a bit of luggage for an extended stay.The Thistle Marble Arch is a nice hotel if you know what to expect. It's no Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons (and I've stayed in enough of those to recognize the difference), but a good convenient value for a visitor. I would stay again. If you stay here, will probably enjoy your visit unless you are expecting the Ritz or the Dorchester.	
Feb 24 2005	Perfect Hotel Experience	I went to London for the 1st time in March/2003 with my girl friend at the time and this hotel was included in our American Airlines Vacation package. We didn't know what to expect! We were very happy with it. LOCATION: perfect! Right on Oxford Street (lots of stores there) with easy access to the tube and many bus lines. You have Hyde Park within walking distance, and you can even walk to Picadilly Circus stopping at various stores (we did that a few times).FOOD: in our package continental breakfast was included, so we ate breakfast there everyday. Nothing special, but a variety of fruits, juices, and breads. We also had a 2-4-1 coupon for dinner at the hote's restaurant. We ate there once, the food was descent, but a bit pricey. Worked out ok because we had the coupon.FACILITY: Hotel lobby and bar looked very nice, clean and welcoming.ROOM: Stadard small room (we were in a budget package), but clean with a nice bathroom, and it was cleaned everyday. It also had a coffe maker and tea!STAFF: No problems, very helpfull.I hope this review helps somebody! Boa Viagem!	
Feb 22 2005	Terrible Over-priced Stay	Well where do I start. I was spending some time in London with my boyfriend over my birthday in November &amp; intended on doing lots of shopping, so we thought this to be a great place to stay, what with being right on Oxford Street!! I cannot complain about the location as this was great!Unfortunately, when we attempted to check in they said they could not find our reservation in which case someone higher up had to come &amp; give them a helping hand to get it for us. Then in the room, at first glance everything seemed good until we noticed the windows were slightly unclean &amp; one unable to shut! The bathroom was also small &amp; exceptionally not looked after.As well as this the next morning we realised on our floor there was work going on right outside our window &amp; the floor above so our view was green mesh &amp; the noise woke us up. If we weren't only staying for a couple of nights we would have requested a better room but it wasn't worth the hassle!After getting used to this, one night after a busy day we were shattered &amp; decided on room service from their '24 hour' menu. Well, unless you like curry after 11 or ice cream there isn't much left to choose from. Finally we settled on 2 baguettes, another problem occured with this choice. They did not have baguettes left, only bread &amp; they didn't have 2 of the fillings! We did speak to the F&amp;B manager who was very helpful &amp; prompt. Success!!The last horrible reminder, when we were packing to leave I did my usual routine check of the room to make sure i didn't leave anything. Whilst having a look under the bed we found an opened condom wrapper - NOT belonging to us!! Yuk!I must say though, even if I was desperate to shop &amp; wanted to stay near I would not stay at this hotel. It is over priced for the service &amp; accomodation that you get!	
Feb 18 2005	Nice and friendly Hotel	The hotel is located just off Oxford Street, not far from Selfridges. I have to say its a good location for if you want to do shopping in london. The hotel is clean and comfortable, and the staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are a little on the small side, but you cannot expect much more for a hotel located in the heart of London. The downside to this hotel is if your staying over a weekend, expect a long wait outside the breakfast room. We had a 20 min wait before being seated. This is due to the volume of guests. Over all I would stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 1 2005	WORST hotel I have EVER stayed at - UNSANITARY	Where do I begin. The room was extreemly unsanitary. The mattress was so old that my back was resting at the bottom of the matress with a few springs popping into my back. The walls are paper thin. I had to sleep to the loud snore of two compeating neighboors. The breakfast is a joke - it was really bad and made me sick. The people at the concierge desk are terrible. The line was 40 min. long and they had no good ideas, they kept sending us to the Middle East town next door for food when there was so much more close by. THERE ARE MUCH BETTER OPTIONS OUT THERE THAN THIS HOTEL. DON'T DO IT. ITS A REAL DUMP. 	
Jan 30 2005	Bed bugs and horrific housekeeping	The only advantage of the Thistle Marble Arch is its' location, being a stone's throwaway from Oxford and easy connections to the tube and bus networks.We relocated to the Thistle due to having some major house work done, we found a reasonable rate through a last minute deal on a website and really the deciding factor was the price and loaction. On our first night, we found our bed throw and sheets to be less than clean. It was quite late in the evening so no-one was answering the phone in housekeeping. Instead I was forced to make a trip to the reception and had to wait 10 minutes before even being served, since 2 members of staff were serving just one customer. There appeared to be plenty of staff in the office behind reception but no-one offered me any assistance. Admittedly, the problem was addressed fairly quickly, but I felt disgruntled that a customer needed to point out the dirty bed linen before it was changed! The bathroom sink had some soap scum and the bathroom floor was hairy when we arrived. Furthermore I was bitten by bed bugs on my first night which was even more distressing. Also, when I returned to the hotel after work every evening, I found that there was still hair on the bathroom floor that didn't belong to me and the soap scum was still there. I despaired at the thought of how long I would have to queue in reception every day to tell them of my plight so decided to put up with it. But the above experience has really put me off staying at the Thistle Marble Arch again and I decided to shorten my stay by 2 days to escape the filth.Heating in the room was also a problem, the air-con/central heating system was confusing to use and I spent my time either roasting or freezing. Not recommended at all.	
Jan 26 2005	Great Location	Was able to get a room at this hotel on priceline for a 8 day stay. Once there they let me upgrade for additional $15. Much larger room, w/breakfast. Great Value. Location good for tube access and shopping on Oxford Street. Could not find to many resturants nearby. Plenty of food halls to take away your meals. Will return.	
Jan 7 2005	excellent location	The location of this hotel was perfect, walking distance to the metro, lots of shops on oxford st. and near a stop of the touristic bus. We stayed in a family (quad room) with a king size bed and two twins, it was comfortable and good sized. We booked by the internet directly to the hotel and it was very good priced as well. I really liked this large hotel (american style) and had a pleasant stay and will return and recommend it. We stayed Jan 3 and 4 2005.	
Dec 25 2004	Comfortable Hotel	I continue to choose this hotel in London due to the value for money. I always book online at Thistle’s website as the best deals are here; keep an eye out for specials. I particularly like the space of the Executive room, which in London is very unusual unless you’re willing to pay a lot more. I don’t see this hotel as one that you would spend a lot of time in (e.g. bars and restaurants), I just use it as base for exploring as the location is great - being at the top of Oxford Street - Marble Arch tube station is 5 minutes walk from the front door. The one downside to this hotel is that it’s extremely busy all year round, hence the waiting time for the lifts, front desk and concierge can be annoying. Make sure you request an inward looking room if you are after a quite room otherwise you may well end up with the noise of Oxford Street.	
Dec 21 2004	Nice hotel great location	We stayed at the Thistle Marble Arch from Dec 10-17, 2004, and had a completely enjoyable, uneventful stay. We arrived around 9:00a, planning just to check our bags, deferring check-in until the stated 3:00p time, but the staff checked us in immediately, which was very welcome and appreciated after a trans-atlantic red-eye flight. Our room was very modern, clean, and relatively spacious. We were in a standard room - billed as a &quot;double double&quot; but in reality two single beds placed very close together. This posed no real issue, and upgrades are available for those desiring a king- or queen-size bed. Our seventh floor room was very quiet - the windows faced what was a essentially an air shaft, but again this was no problem for me. Given that this hotel is directly off Oxford St (one of the busiest retail areas in London), the evening quiet was very welcome. Given that we were on the penultimate floor, the room did become a bit warm around 2a, as the heat from the lower floors rose, but this was easy to address, and not a real problem in December. The Thistle Marble Arch is air-conditioned, but I can see this being more of an issue in warmer months. The hotel itself (lobby, hallways) is very much in the art-deco style, but the rooms have been updated and are a bit more modern. The lifts were a bit slow, but were always functioning. The staff was very friendly and accomodating, and the continental breakfast included with our room was fine, if uninteresting. There is a good coffee shop in the lobby. We ate in the &quot;Glenn Miller&quot; room one evening, but there is better, less expensive pub food very nearby (ask the staff to recommend a nearby pub). As I mentioned, the hotel is directly off Oxford St., and the Marble Arch tube stop is literally just around the corner. We found that most of the places we wanted to visit were no more than 1-2 transfers away.I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a clean, comfortable location in Central London. I would definitely return.	
Dec 16 2004	Not great but not bad	The entrance to the hotel seemed a little odd, you have to go round the back because of the shops facing out onto Oxford Street. It doesnt really look like a hotel entrance, more a 'side door'. The reception is tucked away in a corner and needs updating, it looked very untidy however the staff were very busy. We were told a room was not available even though we arrived at about 14:00. The lady said we could have an executive room for an extra £50, which we paid because from looking at the state of the reception we thought the rooms might not be up to much. We eventually got to our executive room and it was quite nice. Not huge, so I dont know what the standard rooms were like but it was comfortable and the bathroom was nice and modern. The location of the hotel is good, there are tube stations very close by and bus stops outside, plus you're right on Oxford St and its not too noisy inside the hotel rooms. The hotel restaurant is ok, it is quite large and gets crowded but the food was good.	
Oct 1 2004	Great hotel in London	This hotel was in a great location, rates were good and the service was excellent. We had no complaints whatsoever. There is a tube entrance only a few blocks from the hotel, fast food restaurants and shopping all around, as well as a nice pub close by - The Three Tons. The continental breakfast isn't bad, but it was the same thing everyday. The service was excellent, we had an internet hookup in our room, which we made full use of. Our room wasn't ready at 9 am, but they told us to check back at 11 am or 2 pm and when we came back at 11, the room was ready, which was great. The concierge staff was so helpful with tour info and giving us directions to pubs or a laundromat since it was way too expensive to have them launder our clothes. The room was a bit small and I hated the single beds, but that is pretty normal in Europe and we didn't upgrade the room there. We had a pleasant stay and I'd stay there again if I'm ever in London again.	
Sep 22 2004 	Excellent value	Booked on a last minute deal and was pleasantly surprised. The Hotel is in a great location - one street back off Oxford Street and very close to Hyde park. Check-in was smooth an efficient, and the rooms while small are well presented and clean. The Hotel is very large, so be prepared for a bit of hike to your room and a long wait for the lifts. Still these are minor issues and overall the Thistle offers excellent value for money.	
Sep 14 2004	Great but don't touch the phone!!	I stayed there with my sister for 6 nights in Sept. (2nd - 9th) of this year. The hotel itself was great. The location was great, the room that we got was pretty good. It was a lot more roomy than what I expected and was very clean. The air conditioning was a blessing. The staff was nice and helpful. I would rate this hotel as being excellent for the price however, I would not advise picking up any phones in the hotel. The last night we stayed there my sister got her credit card eaten by the bank machine. She need to call her Bank which is a Citibank and there are branches all over Europe. We tried several times calling from our room the free number to connect to a bank representative in the United States to put a block on her card and never got through. We didn't not know that we where charged a 1.50 pound each time we tried connecting. That cost came out to being $20.00 US dollar for a free phone number we never got through to. This gets better (Not!) In the end we went down to the reception desk for help. They said our phone was not connected to the outside line because our room was prepaid for and I did not want to leave a credit card with them. So, they charged me anyway for the phone that was never connected but the ultimate insult was that we finally had to leave our credit card at the desk, they connect our phone but the hotel operator did not connect us to the 800 number for the US Citibank but connected us to the European Citibank representative which was not a free number. My sister had no choice but to talk with the representative for about 6 minutes and the bill came out to be a wopping $36.00 US dollars. I almost had a heartattack. So our phone bill came out to be over $50.00 for crap. So my advise is: stay there, it's a great location, it has air conditioning and clean rooms but do not and I mean do not, touch the phone unless you have money to burn!!!!	
Aug 24 2004	Fantastic Value for Money Hotel	Stayed at this hotel for three nights in August 2004. Excellent value for money, rooms clean, staff very helpful. Got a great deal on lastminute. Highly Recomended.	
Aug 20 2004	Good Choice	My family of five stayed here for six nights in July of 2004, moved here by the Thistle management after a disasterous experience at their sister hotel, the Hyde Park (don't stay there). We had two comfortable, modern, connecting (a rarity for London), airconditioned (also can be hard to get) rooms for a decent price in an enormously expensive city. The location at Marble Arch is hard to beat. I found the staff to be inattentive, but quality service can be hard to find in big hotels like this. The breakfast was good, but we didn't try any of the other restaurants. Essentially, we got what we needed, a comfortable, modern London hotel in a great location. I recommend it, but don't rave over it.	
Aug 7 2004	Robbed on the phone calls!!	I have stayed at this hotel twice so far this year. I thought it was a nice place. My most recent visit last week left me with a less than favourable impression.First of all, they botched up my date of departure. Strange since I prebooked and prepaid with a travel service. They kept trying to turn my fully paid for 7 day stay into a 6 day stay. I had travel documents taken by someone at the front desk to verify my info that were never returned to me. Very sloppy.Be very careful when making phone calls from this hotel. Do not believe what they say in the posting in the guest room. I was charged an exhorbitant sum of money for some phone calls that I had made to a local London mobile phone number. They do not advertize this very important bit of information to you that the phone calls are not charged equally.I feel cheated and will be contacting the hotel about theirphone call pricing.Would I stay here again? Probably not. I don't like being robbed.	
Jul 29 2004	Loved it	We spent a week in this hotel and had a fantastic time. We required a hotel with a family room and were enough space for the four of us. Our room exceeded our expectations. It was a large double size room with high speed internet, coffee maker and fridge. Our room and the entire hotel were very clean.The hotel location was also a plus. The tube station was 100m away and there was easy access to taxi and london bus stops. There is also ample shopping near by on Oxford street. The only complaint I have with the hotel was the poorly informed consierge - who could not think of a way to get to Stanstead Airport at 6am. (We hired a limo driver for 50.00)	
Jun 28 2004	Great Hotel	We stayed here from May 23 to June 4, 2004 and had a wonderfully stay. The staff was very nice and helpful. Yes, the beds were a little hard, but we like that.Yes, there were a lot of people from tour groups staying here, but I met and talked to alot of very nice people from all over the world just sitting in the lobby, that was one of the joys of my stay.We were booked under Business Class, not sure how much more this cost, but was well worth the expense. (The cost for anyone to upgrade to Executive class was only 15GBP more per night)With the business class we had access to the business lounge (0700-2300), which was really great. Check in &amp; out there, (no lines) internet access, unlimited soda, wine &amp; liquor, cont. breakfast(also full breakfast in cafe), big screen TV, snacks all day. And the best part is that all that is included in the price of the room. If we ever make another trip to London we will definitely stay here, but might try the Executive class, just to see what that lounge is like.The hotel is ideally located for easy access to the Tube, buses, shopping &amp; restaurants.Also the hotel has central A/C, which you will not find in alot of your smaller hotels and B&amp;B's.The room was spacious, very clean and comfortable and very nicely decorated. All the amenities - coffee, tea, cookies, iron, iron board, pants press, heated towel rack. A &quot;Do not disturb&quot; switch, that lights a sign on the wall outside the door. Very heavy wood doors that keeps out all noise from the hallway.Highly recommend!!	
Jun 20 2004	A good tourist class hotel	My wife and I have stayed at the Thistle Marble Arch several timesand will be returning there in August 2004. It is good tourist class hotel and one must not expect the rooms or service of a luxuary hotel. Like most London hotels the rooms are small by American standards but ours have always been clean and the bath room top notch as a result of a recent renovation. And the hotel is AIR CONDITIONED, (not many tourist class hotels in Londor are) and it works. Great location with the Marble Arch tube station only a short walk away and the hotel is located on Oxford St., London's prime shopping area. If you do not want to take breakfast at the hotel, there are a number of small eating places within a short distance. NOTE: There is a gay bar on Ontario St. close by the hotel so be careful not to wonder in by mistake as we did, unless, of course, you are of the persuation.	
Jun 8 2004	good place	I read all those comments and still stayed at the Marble Arch. I cant imagine what those people were thinking. I stayed there for 3 nights and thought it was a great place to stay. The front desk was great. The bellmen were very helpful and professional. I couldnt walk 50 feet without someone asking me if I needed anything.Of course, its Europe, so the room was a bit small. But it was clean and well kept. I had a down comforter bed and the sheets were clean. It was a nice place to stay. Was not a palace, but a great, centrally located hotel.	
May 28 2004	Liked somethings hated others	Just back from a cruise to Sandanavia. Stayed two nites at the Thistle Marble Arch. Room was clean, location was good, but what about those beds. Husband and I had to sleep in separate twin beds. My bed traveled because its wheels were rather lose. Couldn't get in the tub to shower because I had knee surgery and it was too high for me to climb into. Would stay there again if bed was at least a queen and the shower was easier to get into.	
May 27 2004	Thistle Marble arch hotel	after reading so many bad reviews about this hotel, we were really nervous. However, it was delightful! Very old, but well taken care of.. Large room with nice bath, heated towels!! Nice antique furniture. The Glenn MIller bar was just what we needed after a long travel day. Excellent breakfast buffett. We would certainly stay there again. Located right on the busiest street in London, Oxford street. one and one half blocks from hop on hop off bus. Feel free to e mail me if any questions about London. Chip Brady	
Apr 16 2004	So-So	Just got back yesterday. Good points: Good location, nice food, comfortable rooms. Bad points: A lot of foreign staff, would have been nice to hear a British accent in the place, some staff were rude, and the maids kept walking in even though we were due to check out and we didn't have a 'do not disturb' sign for the door. Also, there was blood on the quilt and there was a dirty white sock in the corner of the room which did not belong to us with blood on it. Nice. And they also need more English-speaking staff.	
Mar 14 2004	I could live there	We had a great time at the Thistle Marble Arch. I was apprehensive because of some poor reviews, but we received a great price on the room that included breakfast. The location was extremely convenient. Our room was spacious, clean, and well stocked with towels, coffee, and tea. The bath was very luxurious with plenty of hot water and a heated towel rack. We found the staff to be helpful and friendly both in the hotel and in the dining room. There was a group of loud school children running the halls one night, but a phone call to the front desk took care of the problem. With the price of rent in the area, I could live quite well at the Thistle Marble Arch.	
Feb 7 2004	Unreliability - unlike British		
Jan 5 2004	Warning: This hotel may be harmful to your vacation!		
Jan 4 2004	Fantastic location and bath		
Oct 5 2003	Great Location!		
Aug 29 2003	The best location in Oxford Street		
Jun 20 2003	not recommended		
Jun 16 2003 	Definitely not a 4-star		
Jun 10 2003	Very Happy with it		
Jun 2 2003	Marble Arch Thistle - Not again		
Sep 28 2009 	angenehmes Hotel in idealer Lage		
Sep 7 2009 	Londres también tiene buenos hoteles		
Sep 3 2009 	Ganz okay für en 4Stern		
Aug 29 2009 	Buona posizione ma servizi scadenti.		
Aug 27 2009 	für London in Ordnung sehr gut gelegen		
Aug 19 2009 	Muy bien situado junto a Oxford Street		
Jul 21 2009 	Wonderful		
Jun 27 2009 	Perfection !!		
May 8 2009	super		
Apr 19 2009 	Accueillant et bien situé		
Apr 19 2009 	Ottimo hotel posizione eccellente prezzo convenientissimo!		
Apr 2 2009 	?????????		
Mar 23 2009 	Buen hotel y excelente situación		
Feb 24 2009 	Bien situado		
Dec 8 2008 	?????????????????????????		
Oct 16 2008 	hotel molto carino		
Jul 7 2008 	ottimo albergo in pieno centro		
Jun 9 2008 	Idéal pour un séjour à Londres seul hic chambre sur Oxford st bruyante !		
May 3 2008 	Hotel acceptable mais personnel incompétant		
Mar 14 2008 	excellent hotel		
Feb 26 2008 	Très bien situé		
Jan 7 2008 	Excelente ubicación y alojamiento		
Jul 23 2007 	Ottima sistemazione proprio in centro !		
May 4 2007 	Hotel genial		
Feb 28 2007 	perfecta ubicación en Oxford streetpero grandiiiiiiiiiiiiisimo!		
Aug 16 2006	Bel hôtel mais plutôt bruyant		
