Nov 25 2009 	Worst hotel EVER!!!	We chose this hotel for the price+location, but we've been to other hotels on the same rate and in good locations that where OK, this one was HORRIBLE!-the room was dirty-the mattresses where awful (you could fill the metal springs)!-the service was rude &amp; offensive-the only reason we stayed was they DON'T ALLOW REFUND!they write they are *** but they are **, and so they claim when you complain.	
Nov 22 2009 	Bed Bugs Poor Service Filthy Curtains	The net curtains were dark grey because they were so dirty. A week after leaving the hotel we have found we have bed bugs in our apartment back home. They also tried to charge us for using the safe in the room - there was not notice sed to pay. The receptionist's response was, &quot;It's only £4 but if you can't afford it then don't&quot;. We arrived on the Friday night - the room was not made up, we returned to the receptionist who had to leave the desk and make up our room - leaving three sets of couples waiting 15 minutes to check in. The worst hotel I nhave ever stayed - and I've been to many.	
Nov 7 2009 	it is ok for value	i got what i was expecting it is so close to tube buses and city the hotel staf was very help full the room was ok with privete bath they had tea coffee in the room breakfast was ok for the money i paid it is very good and i didnt go to london to stay in the room	
Nov 6 2009 	BED BUGS!!! NASTY NASTY NASTY	And to think that Virgin Vacations put us in this hotel. So sad. My wife and I have been all over the world and have gotten to stay in all kinds of hotels. We make fun of some of our friends that complain about hotels and service in other parts of the world because they expect &quot;American style and service. Well we weren't expecting this hotel. As like most hotels in Europe the lobby and hallways are always nice and we exspected the room to be less than 3 star but this place was a DUMP. The room lwas smelly and parts of the floor boards were broken exspoing the wall behid it and then there were spots patched up with tape! I can let all that go but when we found bed bugs , that was it. We told the front dest and they said all the rooms were full so we couldn't move and then they asked us to show them a LIVE bed bug. We called Virgin and was told we could move to another hotel but we would have to pay for it and may not get reimbursed. Seeing as it was 11 at night we stayed..(slept in our clothes) the next morning I got up and foud a fat bug under me that I had squished. We showed this to the guy at the front desk as we checked out and he had nothing to say..really, not a word to us. No &quot;sorry&quot; ..nothing. DO NOT STAY HERE!!! Pay a little extra and go to the hotel across the street...really	
Oct 27 2009 	Dirty Dump	Do not stay in this &quot;Hotel&quot;. I read some of the reviews of this hotel and thought it cannot be that bad but it was. The rooms were dirty the, plumbing was faulty , the power went off twice because of the plumbing and the beds were uncomfortable.Breakfast was a joke and the staff were rude and disinterested. It was an insult to charge money to stay here.	
Oct 20 2009 	Never again siger vi fra Danmark	Never have I seen anything so bad, defective lavatory, no water in the shower because of the lime, carpet on the stairs was soaked in water, the most boring room without a picture on the wall, defect with the towel and toilet paper.Sorry for the translation is from google	
Oct 14 2009 	Good hotel for the price	We have traveled all over Europe and other countries and have stayed in some pretty bad hotels. The Apollo was not one of them. We stayed for six nights in late April and found the hotel to be pretty much what we expected. The location was very good. An easy walk to bus stops and two tube stations, lots of little shops and restaurants close by. Our room was small, but clean. Breakfast was okay, with limited items. The staff was helpful. I agree with those reviewers that said if you want luxury, pay for it. It was our first time in London and we were there to see the city, not spend our time in the hotel. The Apollo worked out well for us and we would stay there again.	
Oct 11 2009 	Apalling!!!!	The most miserable part of our UK holiday was staying in this dump.It is a lie to say they serve breakfast, cornflakes and dry stale croissants does not a breakfast make. The photos on the &quot;London Budget Hotels&quot; website bore no resemblance to the Hotel we stayed in. the room was miniscule,hot and noisy and the toilet ran all night. We are bitterly disappointed.	
Oct 10 2009 	adequate room excellent location!	Hotel was OK. The elevator did not work once while we were there... (we were placed on the third floor.) The location was excellent; easy access and line changes for the underground.	
Sep 29 2009 	Bed bugs 	We were bitten by bed bugs and had welts all over our bodies. I have NEVER experienced this in a European hotel REGARDLESS of whether it was budget or not. The staff were apathetic, the lift was broken and despite being told in advance that I was pregnant they STILL put us on the 3rd floor! Terrible. Terrible. Terrible. Do not stay here!	
Sep 14 2009 	Loud hotel	I completely agree with &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; and certainly do not expect a luxury hotel at these prices. That said I don't expect to be staying in a youth hostel atmosphere either. The hotel is loud at the best of times. The doors slam shut which you can hear several floors away. Same thing goes for people walking up and down the stairs. When I stayed there, there were two groups of kids in the hotel. They were running up and down the stairs, congregating in the hallways etc. Groups of kids would gather in one room with the door open until all hours. The hotel staff was unable to control the noise and did not seem that concerned. I was told to address my concerns directly to the group leader. I was also told that I was just one person and they were 50 so that their needs took precedence over mine (meaning, the noise level was acceptable). One of the staff called my room after midnight to ask me if I had complained to the kids. He apparently thought this was an acceptable thing to do. I should also mention that I always stay at hotels of this price/value and have never complained before or written a review. At this hotel, I had to complain about the noise several times every night.Of course, it is a great location – 2 minutes away from the tube and Hyde park. So, if you are not concerned about sleeping or are there on a week when in it quiet, it would be fine. However, if not, I would find another hotel.As well, the breakfast was terrible - buns and cereal. Nothing resembling meat, fruit/veg or dairy involved. Considering a typical English breakfast is quite substantial, I was pretty disappointed.	
Aug 24 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	After reading all of these reviews below me and my partner were dreading what we were getting in to. However, in my opinion they are totally unfounded. My partner and I stayed for five nights in one of the basement rooms – which was one of the rooms most frequently mentioned on these reviews. We had a two minute hop to get to the door from the train station where we were welcomed by a very nice man at reception who checked us in and took our bags (we had arrived very early and check in was at two) so we could walk around and soak in the surroundings of Bayswater. We paid only 400 Euro for our whole stay of 5 nights so we were delighted. We were at Hyde Park and beside two different underground lines and also on a 24 hour bus route (so no need for taxis). TThis is not a 5 star hotel and it certainly does not have 5 star prices. For that location in the centre of London I really thought it was a mistake and we were going to be surprised by a larger bill at the end. The room was perfect for resting your head, not palatial surroundings but very clean and plenty of hot water (from one of the best showers I’ve ever been in) and towels and room cleaned every day. If you go here thinking you are going to get a 5 star treatment at 2 star prices in Bayswater/Hyde Park area you really need to think twice before you even go to London let alone this hotel. But if you want basic facilities and just looking for somewhere to rest your head this hotel is perfect. If you want to pay 1000’s of Pounds and not stir outside your hotel then the Ritz is down the end of Bond street for that.Thanks Apollo, I had a great time and will definitely be back soon.	
Aug 23 2009 	Did not even get checked in....	We arrived late (10pm) with a confirmed reservation via the usual providers at the hotel (Apollo Hotel, Queensborough Terrace) to be told that the hotel is fully booked and no rooms available. Fine - somethings things go wrong, but despite all docs at hand and proceedings all ok (i.e. valid booking, confirmed reservation etc.) , no one in the hotel was bothered or making any effort to assist. After some time of discussions (&quot;we are fully booked, we can not help, we do not recognise the reservation, ... we can not help) we ended up, looking for alternative accommodation .... but most alarming: in the process of cleaning up the process / mess and sorting out things, the hotel turned around and accused us of not having turned up at all in the hotel (!!). Records of phone calls, transport tickets and taxi receipts had been made available to prove presence, ... but hotel is insisting of unquestionable proof of presence! I am sure the hotel has its merits, but customers should be aware of this attitude and cater for the worst, in case this go wrong! There are many other hotels in London, same price range with a more facilitating service attitude.	
Aug 4 2009 	You get what you pay for	We just stayed in the hotel for 3 nigths- was one of the cheapest to get. One room on ground level with 5 beds- plenty of space for 3 persons. The other in the basement, very small, but both clean and ok. In the basement we were reminded that it was just above the central subway line, but after a long day we could sleep anyway.The staff were ok, we could check in very late at night. The breakfest was very basic, but good coffee.I would say, its ok if you just want a bed to sleep in. It was ok for the price. If you want luxery- pay for it!	
Jul 30 2009 	you get what you pay for......	We have just returned from a 3 night stay in London. Booked the hotel a couple of months ago (for £50 per room a night), before all the bad reviews, so I was worried about what we might find.We chose the hotel mainly for location, Bayswater is a smashing area to stay in, easy access to Tube stations, nice park to walk in and lots of decent restaurants to eat in.First night we spent at the Queens Park Hotel ( sister to Apollo) because there were no rooms available. Very damp/shabby /noisy and uncomfortable. Nights 2 and 3 spent on the third floor of the Apollo. Much better than Queens Park . Good points: the fish were alive and swimming, bed linen was clean and towels were plentiful, as was hot water, bed was comfortable, room was a good size, windows opened and reception staff were helpful.Bad points: lift not working ( and no-one offers to carry your cases!), electrics in room quite dodgy, curtain rail broken, breakfast extremely limited and staff not exactly helpful.Overall- cheap price=cheap hotel	
Jul 23 2009 	Come on everybody it's not that bad!!	Alright folks, I am guessing that you have all read a few of the reviews before mine and you are thinking: NEVER! I felt exactly the same but the small number of good reviews (along with a very good weekend rate!) swung it for me and I went ahead and booked it. The room was a twin room. So let's get started...the hotel is located in the Bayswater area of London. The location is great! The Apollo is beside 2 tube stations (Bayswater and Queensway) so it is very convenient. Leicester Square is less than 10 minutes away on the tube! The hotel itself is fairly unassuming from the outside. We were greeted by a friendly receptionist who showed us to our room, which was in the basement. OK, the rooms are very basic. Ours was also ensuite. The decor is indeed a bit dated, but not dirty like some other reviewers found. The bathroom in our room was also basic, but functional. Towels were provided. I thought to myself...my God how fussy people are! Breakfast is also included. Very basic..cereal, bread, croissants, selection of jams etc., but we availed of it and it kept us going until lunch.So all in all we very happy with what we got for the price we paid. If you are looking for a romantic weekend or a weekend surprise for your Mum or Dad, then this is not the hotel for you. There is a Hilton hotel nearby...go a pay 200GBP a night there if you want! If, like us, you are not all that fussy, only intend to sleep there, want value for your money and a good location, then I would say go for it.	
Jul 19 2009 	Horrible unwelcoming place	Stayed at the hotel for two nights, the rooms were clean but shabby interiorwise. No openable windows, the temperature of the shower was not adjustable, it was either cold or getting too hot. The room was in a basement, smelling damp and unpleasant.But this was not the worst part: it was the staff and the noises in the hotel. There were parties going on above our room for the two nights and the staff at the reception didn't seem to bother very much after our complaint. It wasn't possible to sleep, even with earplugs.I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone, it seems more like a party place for teenagers.	
Jul 13 2009 	L_O_U_S_Y!	We travel to London each jear, and for quite some years now. We know that London hotels are usually not that &quot;comfortable&quot;, but we have never been in a mess like this before. With all good will I can muster, it is still a really bad hotel. The Good:Location is really a plus. The female receptionist was competent and really nice.The Bad:The hotel is extremely loud, staff makes so much noise, it is ridiculous. The lift is out of order and from what we saw, it has been out of order for awhile and will stay out of order for an even longer while. And with 5 floors, it is not funny. Breakfast was very poor, nothing fresh was served. The Ugly: Dying cockroaches in the hall, an aquarium with fish that will soon join the cockroaches in death from the look of the water. Room service threw my glasses from the bedstand to the ground and probably stepped on it, glasses shattered, the person responsible just put it back on the bedstand, no comment. All in all, it was just lousy, I cannot recommend it to anyone. Avoid at all costs.	
Jul 10 2009 	It is awful people never book this hotel even for free of charge	I've booked this hotel with my friends. The location is good. But the rest.............The rooms are more than awful. The blankets were very dirty. I suppose they've never been cleaned before. Not all lamps were working there. One of the taps for cold water was not working. No service at all. It's even difficult to describe all. What a breakfast????? you can't call it breakfast. No hot water, all boilers out of work.	
Jul 2 2009 	Unbelievable! And not in a good way!!	This place was unbelievable, ok so we wanted someweher cheap just to get our heads down after a concert but this was still a rip for £90 a night!!! The bath was full of hair and had opened/used shampoo sachets on the side so obviously had not been cleaned properly. The room had two small windows one of which had no lock. The room was shabby and cramped. The breakfast was a real highlight, i the continental breakfast consisted of a white roll, crossant (stale of course) or stale cornflakes. The milk had been sat around so long it was warm so vile. All inedible. The sign saying &quot;we are not responsible for the safety of you're STUFF&quot; says alot about the security of the rooms which had basic key locks. The staff were rude and unenthusiastic, in fact when we checked out the female on reception was shouting at two guests who had obviously complained before and wanted to check out early, apparently she &quot;didnt have their money there&quot; says alot.........dont book for more than one night at a time if you are that desperate for somewhere as they obviously do not refund!!!	
Jul 2 2009 	Very Poor	Shabby and dingy and would be disappointed if a hostel was like this hotel.Encountered a couple of staff on reception who were helpful and one ignorant guy who seemed to flit around everywhere.Room was poor with marked walls,shower head holder wouldn't hold shower,knobs coming off furniture in your hand,curtain hanging off rail.Very basic continental breakfast.Clean sheets and towels and location was excellant.If you want a cheap break and can put up with very basic then ok.In fact, no dont bother-spend a bit more,we will next time.	
Jun 27 2009 	Not recommended	Stayed here for two nights with a a friend; bed was very uncomfortable, shower was difficult to regulate, breakfast was very basic and staff were indifferent to complaints. I found the hotel to be very noisy, no insulation between floors-could hear everything coming from the room above!! Night porters were indifferent to our complaints regarding the noise. The bed was the most uncomfortable I've ever slept in; breakfast was very basic and the staff did not make themselves known to guests-they were too busy chatting amongst themselves! It is cheap and a five minute walk from Queensway and Bayswater tube stations, however, I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. Not a pleasant experience and the staff didn't seem to care.	
Jun 25 2009 	Worst hotel I've ever stayed in !!!!!	We should have know what was to come when the door was locked when we tried to get in and it was then opened by a 6/7 year old boy. After checking in , we were told to go to the lift and press minus one. Our basement room was on the same level as the dining room (more about that later) It smelt like most basements (bad-damp)and with the room being very small, and the keypad on the safe hanging off (it was attached with a shoelace) we asked to be transferred to another better room. We were told the other rooms were smaller and they were full anyway !! When asked about the safe, we were told to give any valuables to them for safekeeping -- Yeah right! Asking for an extra pillow got me a black look from the surly, couldn't give a [--] receptionist (more on him later) The VERY BASIC continental breakfast was between 7.30 and 9.30. This was ok although the non english speaking staff had a problen when requesting strong tea. We had usually gone by about 9.15 but on the last day we lingered over the last of our drinks till 9.30. First the staff made it clear we HAD TO GO. When I protested that I was just finishing up my tea, he got the surly receptionist *who could speak English) to come and 'talk .to us. After the talking escalated into shouting he walked to the door and switched all the lights off leaving everyone in the dark!! When we got up to go, the other guests told me to &quot;get used to it&quot; I dont think so. As I said luckily it was our last day anyway, and on our way out the surly guy was back behind reception. I asked to speak to the manager but he told me HE WAS THE MANAGER!! After having another heated conversation regarding, treatment of guests, attitude etc I said why dont you just throw the guests out bodily and he replied &quot;Im not allows to do that&quot; in a tone that suggested if he WAS allowed he would most cirtainly do so. Thsi is by far the worse hotel I have ever stayed in and should be avoided like the plague. You have been warned.	
Jun 20 2009 	They have bugs	Recently me and my friends were staying in this hotel. While our stay we have discovered a variety of bugs in the hotel. During the first night it was impossible to sleep, because bed bugs were eating us. We took duties of sleep. While two of us slept another took a duty and was protecting us from four kinds of bed bugs. That's ridiculous! Next morning unfriendly sister of the manager (I guess), was shouting at me because I have not warned her about a room change earlier in the morning and now she have difficulties with giving an accomodation to other customers. Even though we have finally changed the room and the &quot;sister&quot; of manager was more friendly than before, the following night we have discovered another type of bug approximately half-hand size. Considering written above they told us that's the first case of having bugs and they are being checked by bug brigade every week.	
Jun 4 2009 	would not put the mother in-law in it.	smelly ,dirty and ? for get it need sum serious make over staff as well paid on line and did not stay because of smell went across the street in stead.	
May 26 2009 	very basic	The room was fairly clean, and ensuite cleaned daily.The decor to the room was poor and in need of refurbishment. The beds were of very poor quality and uncomfortable. The shower hardly worked, and was no more than a dribble. The water temp was uncontrolable and at times scalding, I would not like to have left a child to shower. The plumbing was abismal, and it took 20 mins for the waste water to drain out.The staff were friendly at times and others just miserableIt took us 5 mins to summon the night porter as he was asleep.	
May 25 2009 	Ideal location economy accomodation	Stayed here for Chelsea Flower show! Rooms adequate, clean and great shower for those axhing feet! Plenty places to eat, close to hyde park, and circle line stations. One drawback.. no air conditioning,so very warm at night.	
May 17 2009	they steal!	I was here in June of 2008 for a school trip..all the way from the states. There were about 30 of us, 22 kids 8 adults. When we got to our rooms we noticed that every room was different! some rooms had two beds others had 3 or 4. Some rooms lights worked others were broken.There were also holes in walls and one of my friends doors wouldnt close so they had to be moved to another room. The water pressure in the rooms was horrible in most rooms and was like a hose running when you barely turn it on. The keys for the hotel are actual keys...ridiculous!! I was actually able to open one of my friends rooms with my own key!!The first morning when we left to go out we came back about 7 hours later to discover that some people had things missing.. ipods,necklaces,shoes are what i remember. All these items stored inside their luggage. They only had one maid and one guy that worked the counter.. this man didnt do anything to help us and was completely rude. The man nearly threatened a kid that accused him of stealing his stuff. Our tourguide even said that it was the worst hotel shes ever seen and shes from london.	
Mar 27 2009 	Better than feared no complaints recommended	After the scary reviews, my wife and I arrived with some trepidation, even though we can handle just about anything thrown at us. We were pleasantly surprised that things were nowhere near as bad as feared, and somewhat better.We arrived from our flight a few hours before check-in, but the friendly staff was very accommodating in stowing our bags and coats until 2 PM when our room would be ready. We took advantage of the time by crossing the street to Hyde Park and spent the few hours visiting Kensington Palace and the grounds.On returning, we found our room to be small but adequate, with a double bed, wall-mounted TV, hot-water pot (with tea/coffee/creamer), desk, open closet (with 11 hangers, more than we usually find in most hotels!). The carpet was clearly new (the pile was so high, the inner door would rub against it!), there was fresh paint, and new tiles in the bathroom. There was only the tiniest of mildew above the shower knobs, some rust on the shower curtain rod (which was set too high, so the curtain was at the top of the tub, rather than setting inside), some dust behind the desk and radiator, and the furniture was a bit beat up, the elevator shaft was on the other side of the bathroom wall (we just kept the bathroom door closed at night), but these are minor concerns that did not detract from the rest. Sheets were clean, an extra coverlet was provided when asked for. As there are no wash cloths or hand towels, we asked for two extra bath towels and a bath mat towel, which were provided fresh each day from then on. Soap only in one pump bottle, which had to be brought over to the tub from the sink, no little bottles of shampoo and stuff, which is what we assumed for a budget hotel. Left a $10 deposit for a hair drier, returned upon our leaving.We preferred that they keep the keys when you go out; one less thing to worry about. A small hotel is nice because the clerk even knew which room key to hand us without us reminding him of our number! The room safe is large, and, though it does say it's 2 pounds per day, we were never asked or charged. We never needed the room's phone, and there were more than enough AC outlets. We never needed the radiator to be on, and opening the window provided fresh air without it getting too cold.Most guests seemed German or Dutch, and there were some student groups who were noisy and some of whom didn't follow the elevator maximum limit, which led to it being out of operation for part of one day; fortunately we only had to climb four flights once.Breakfast was OK, though mostly carbs, but that's continental breakfasts for you. We picked up some bananas locally to top our cereal.As a base, we couldn't have wanted better; buses on the corner (though road work made going to central London a bother; after one attempt, we stuck to the underground, which is rapid and goes everywhere), and a metro station two blocks west ,and many restaurants and convenience stores on that street. And Hyde Park. There were several similar converted townhouses on either side (with a AYCE Indian buffet next-door), and this seems a good alternative to overpriced hotels that don't do much better at meeting your basic sleeping and bathing needs.	
Mar 10 2009 	clean	I stayed here with my mother and our neighbours, although we had a bit of trouble with one of the rooms the first night, the receptionist sorted it out. It was clean and in a brilliant spot. We couldnt ask for nicer staff, they were very friendly. All in all we had a brilliant time and overall was a nice hotel.	
Mar 4 2009 	location and price	Ok hotel. Cheap, great location. Room were small, bathroom ok. Service and breakfeast ok. You have to leave your key to a staff member as you leave, which is weird. Great for budget travellers.	
Jan 4 2009 	Find another hotel - the price isn't worth the problems	The dirty and dusty curtains in the bedroom were hanging off. There was a draught that was so cold from the windows, I had to remain dressed in a jumper and coat on top of my pyjamas to stay warm enough to sleep in spite of the radiator being on. There was a sheet and a coverlet on the bed – no blankets. The temperature was below freezing. When I informed the owner in the morning, he said we should have called down and he would have moved us but he’d already refused to move my nephew when we complained of a foul-smelling odour in his room with the excuse that the hotel was full, apparently. There was a steady stream of people complaining about all sorts of deficiencies in their rooms. Breakfast was badly served and poor. The receptionist/part-owner was surly, rude and un-cooperative. I would recommend avoiding a visit and certainly would not recommend paying in advance. I would describe it as a poor hostel.	
Dec 7 2008 	Value for your money!	My friend and I (2 Danish girls) went to London and stayed at the Apollo for four nights. We were on a budget as we prioritized to spend our money shopping and on events and therefore decided to book at the Apollo in spite of the horrible reviews.The Reception:When we arrived we were very excited and a bit intimidated due to all the reviews, but the receptionist turned out to be very friendly and nice - of course it is not a 5 star hotel and yes you do have to carry your luggage to the room yourself, but considering the price that seems reasonable. The receptionist even gave us a few shopping tips - even though we hadn't asked for it. The Room:The room we got was the basement room with twin beds - and it was quite alright. Yes, a bit small and basic but we had plenty of room for both our suitcases and the additional shopping we did. Other than that the room had a small drawer and a chair and a small night stand. The TV was on the drawer and yes the remote didn't work - but then again who wants to watch TV on a holiday in London?!I had actually brought my own sheets just to be on the safe side - but there was no reason for that at all. The sheets were white and clean and the towels were changed daily. The bathroom was clean as well and no mould or anything resembling. One thing though - on our last morning the entire basement smelled a bit weird - how it turned out, I wouldn't know as we left the same day...Overall: We didn't spend that much time at the hotel - and for that it is perfect. Great location and provided us the essentials. Maybe we were just lucky - maybe not. I wouldn't mind staying there again or recommending it to others traveling on a budget. So with thought to what we paid - the Apollo was perfect.Not recommending it for:Honeymoons, romantic getaways or when not traveling on a budget - pay a little extra for added value.	
Nov 27 2008 	A nice accomodation with no problems!	I was more than terrified reading the reviews and seeing the photos. However, my fears were proved wrong. I am not saying that all the previous reviews are wrong. I just claim that I was a lucky guy, or, better, I went to stay there in an off-peak period and, thus, I was given a good room and not &quot;the bad stuff&quot;.I was staying in Apollo Hotel for 5 nights with my girlfriend. What we wanted was a cheap accomodation, since we are both university students (i.e. no much money), but still wanted to visit London. Well, I can say that it proved to be the best bargain we could make, in the low-budget hotels class. The room was painted green, the TV set was on the wall and not on a table, as I saw in one of the pictures here, the bathroom was nice, with a new equipment (at least, not that old as I saw in a photo here), with no fungus, or whatever another visitor saw. The only thing there, was that the faucet was full of dried salts from the water and the grid for the soap was bent due to rust. But these are minor details. In the overall, it was a nice room. There were one or two small holes on the bedsheet (teared points, actually), but they were all-white and clean.The cleaning ladies change the towels every day, lay the bed, sweep the carpet, clean the bathroom and the glass cups and the room smells fresh and clean when you enter it.The safe-deposit box is a little trap and you should pay attention to it: behind the door, the notice says that it is free of charge, but on the safe box there is a sticker with the instructions, along with the pricing &quot;2 pounds per day&quot;. When we checked out, the receptionist asked us if we had used the safe box. Hopefully, we didn't. And we didn't pay anything more. Nor did we had any problems, concerning how much we payed the travel agent, etc., as a visitor reviews here. We were not even asked.The breakfast was really-really nice. Corn-flakes, fresh milk, orange juice, butter croissants, sometimes small round bread, butter and jam. And, once being served (actually, self-served) and having a seat, they ask you if you want coffee or tea. Really delicious, the breakfast.The &quot;moody receptionists&quot; that many here describe, did not seem moody to us at all. They were sometimes neutral (OK, what do you expect from them to do, when you give them your key, when going out?), never offensive or grumpy and caused no problem and no incovenience to us. Actually, one of them proved to be a humorist.Perfect located, between bayswater station (district/circle lines) and queensway station (centre line), the hotel location proved to be very functional, since we had access to three underground lines, all close to us. Also, there is nearby a bus stop nearby, which we used at night, when the Ungerground was closed, picking up bus N148 and went to Victoria railway station, taking afterwards the Gatwick express to Gatwick airport, to leave. The neighbourhood has also supermarkets, fast food restaurants, italian restaurants, oriental cuisine, greek cuisine, souvenir shops, etc.However, I said I consider myself just lucky. I don't believe, after all these bad reviews, that all the hotel's rooms are that nice. I just fell into an off-peak period. Therefore, I would recommend that hotel, but with a degree of uncertenty, concerning what the next customers would get as a room. However, me and my girlfriend were really satisfied.	
Oct 15 2008 	Filthy Hotel	Some friends and I stayed at the Apollo Hotel... when we booked it we knew it was going to be quite basic but we did not expect it to be so so so so so terrrible!We arrived at the hotel and the rooms were laughable, they are tiny and the curtains were absolutely wrank, they were meant to be cream coloured curtains but honestly they were dark brown from all the dirt. The carpet was disgusting as was the bedsheets which had holes in them!! Seriously you could only laugh. Luckily we did not need to spend much time in the rooms. On check out of course there was a problem with our bill and we were made speak to some woman on the phone who shouted down the phone at us... how professional! Unbelievable, the whole hotel and staff really are just unbelievable!	
Jul 6 2008 	Be under no illusion this is budget accomodation	Stayed at the Apollo with my husband for one night as were going to a concert in Hyde Park.The location is good, Hyde Park is a stones throw away and there is easy access to 3 tubes form the hotel.We booked a double ensuite room which was v small, the bedroom itsefl was very dated and had big scuff marks on the walls no doubt where fellow guests had wrestled with suitcases in the tight space.It was clean however, the bathroom also was dated but clean. the whole hotel seemed v tired and in need of updating.The breakfast was v v poor - continental (could tell as there were coissants) cornflakes and elderley looking pastries.For £89 I expect more, but this is central london so I think this is probably as good as it gets for the price.	
Jul 3 2008 	Fawlty Towers would have been a delight	We were booked into the London Apollo Hotel at Bayswater, which is ideally situated between Queensway &amp; Bayswater stations, and a stones throw from Kensington Gardens – location wise you couldn’t ask for more. At the time of booking the hotel, I believed it was a three star &amp; hence in our price range, unbeknown to ourselves, it is now rated on their website as a two star hotel, but when you in walk in thru their front doors all the stars have been taped over.We would have arrived at the hotel at around 6:30pm on the evening of the 1st June, 2008, which I thought was great as I would have time to check in, dump the luggage &amp; get to White Chappell for a Jack the Ripper tour – no such luck. On going to the first room, we discovered that rubbish had been left on a bed in the room, what looked like a huge mould patch in the top right hand corner of the room, and the phone didn’t work. We had text a girlfriend of mine to say that we had arrived at the hotel &amp; the hotel room we would be in, we text her while we were in reception before we went up to the room – she phoned the hotel from a land line from where she was staying in London &amp; there was no answer in our room, the chap on reception told her we must have gone out, we had just arrived, &amp; just the way the chap spoke to my girlfriend, she did ask me if he was on this planet, he was un co-operative &amp; not willing to do anything. Hence she text us wanting to know where we were as she had tried to phone, that is when we discovered the phone didn’t work as we where in the room when she text us, so we phoned her on her mobile, I didn’t have her land line number, from our mobile, we went thru international roaming to get to her on her mobile thru international roaming, I’m still waiting to see what the phone bill is going to be, all because the chap at reception was to lazy to get off his bum.I went downstairs to - one – complain about the rubbish in the room &amp; - two – the phone not working. He apologized in a non-apologetic way &amp; gave us a key to another room. I went back up to the fourth floor to gather up one husband &amp; the luggage to move down to the second floor – it was during the time of trying to go down in the lift the first time I realized the lift didn’t work on the forth floor for the down button, you had to press the up button &amp; hope for the best. Anyway down to the second floor &amp; into the next room. It was smaller but looked cleaner, but was a little chilly, so we decided to close the window only to find the window was broken in the hinge hence we were unable to close the window. So I went downstairs &amp; asked the chap if he could come up &amp; close the window for us, to which he replied that he couldn’t, he then gave me a key for another room. I went back up to get my husband, but left our luggage in the second room, we went off to the third room, which was at the base of some very narrow stairs, we walked into a very small room with a very large double bed, it was really a single room, you couldn’t move in it let alone get the luggage in. The sheets looked gray &amp; the room was dusty &amp; a little musty. So I went back up to reception &amp; told the chap that there was no way I was staying in that room &amp; I wanted to talk to the manager/owner, of which he replied that he was, so I told him that I couldn’t swing a cat in it, let alone get our luggage in there – he wanted to know what I meant, so I told him that room was too small &amp; it was not what I had paid for, he told me that there where no more rooms available, so I asked him to find me another hotel, miraculously another key for another room was presented, to which we went off to inspect.Room number four was on the ground floor, it had two double beds &amp; two single beds &amp; I could close the window. The lino on the floor looked new, where as the other rooms had carpet which was a bit worse for wear, but the lino looked like it had been a DIY lay, very rough. We weren’t game enough to drink out of the cups &amp; glasses provided. The chest of drawers had knobs broken off, but the phone did work. The wardrobe had part of the back missing &amp; it looked like whoever swept in there swept the rubbish from the floor under the chest of drawers, I don’t think anyone had swept from under the beds since the lino was laid.The bed boards above the beds had graffiti carved into them. All I could think of was that it was for only two nights. We had trouble trying to find the light switch for the light &amp; fan for the bathroom, the chap from reception finally got off him bum to show us where the switch was, it was floor level behind a chair.The show curtain in the bathroom hadn’t be hung correctly, so we showered with the curtain open for the first bathing session of which there was some water on the floor – we had four large towels in the room, but no foot mat for the bathroom, hence we used a towel each, one as a foot mat &amp; one to mop up, we were replaced with two very small towels, more the size of hand towels, the towel didn’t go around me length wise &amp; I’m a size 10 to 12, so I won’t say that I was a large person.Hence to say after getting our room sorted, it was too late to do the Jack the Ripper tour, &amp; the tour that I wanted to do is only on a Sunday &amp; Wednesday evenings, we arrived on the Sunday &amp; flew home on the Tuesday evening, hence no Jack the Ripper tour - there were two things I really wanted to do in London – a Jack the Ripper tour &amp; Baker Street – Baker Street I did, but no Ripper tour, so that has left a very sour taste &amp; put on a damper on the only time we have ever been to London.This hotel is in a wonderful position, but it needs a lot of repairs &amp; maintenance &amp; the attitude problem of the chap we struck on reception needs to be addressed, there was a night receptionist chap who was quite pleasant, &amp; another lass who was accommodating, but the first chap we struck, who also told me he was the manager/owner has absolutely no idea of what is expected by his guests, even Basil Fawlty could run rings around him.We stayed in a hostel in Edinburgh, it was wonderful &amp; again it left the Apollo at Bayswater for dead.We wouldn't want anyone else to go through what we went through, time is precious especially when it is limited like ours was &amp; to be mucked around like we were &amp; to have your time wasted unnecessarily due to poor management is just not acceptable, and you wouldn’t wish it upon anyone.Not happy Jan is a great understatementTwo unhappy Aussies	
Jun 10 2008 	Never Stay in This Hotel Again	I've booked this hotel for 5 nights. The hotel is located in a very convenient place buth that is its single good thing.The rooms are more than awful.Firstly, we were in a damp and musty room. The blankets were very dirty. I suppose they've never been cleaned before. The room had 3 beds (one big and two small ones). However, it was originally designed for just two beds.The second room had a label on it 'FIRE EXIT'. I'm not sure whether it was designed to be a room or the owners of the hotel just made it that way. Not all lamps were working there. The bathroom had some problems with the water supply. One of the taps for cold water was not working. We got only small towels in this room.The third room was much smaller than the other ones. There was no place for anything. Even for the soap on the sink. Some of the lamps wasn't working either. There were no towels at all. I had to ask for some.To sum up, the hotel is bad. It is way too expensive for the poor conditions there. I'll never go there again.	
Apr 13 2008 	Lies Cheats and Theives!!	Upon arrival, we were immediately and rudely shafted off to another hotel because we were told that the room we had booked 3 months in advance had allegedley beed &quot;flooded&quot;, they put us in a car and took us and luggage to another dodgey hotel for 2 nights (we had a booking for 3 nights) and said they would pick us up to return. After the 2nd night at the dodgy hotel, we called the Apollo hotel to pick us up for the return for the last night and the man blatantly refused to pick us up and told us to make our own way back, we explained that it was too far to walk (approximately 25 blocks away) with all our luggage and could not afford to pay a taxi and when we asked to speak to the Manager, he refused saying the Manager was busy. When we finally arrived at the Apollo Hotel after walking in the rain with our suitcases for over an hour, the man was very rude and racist towards us, saying &quot;you are not Australians&quot; he even told us to leave but we said we have a booking and we were prepared to call the police, completely and utterly rude, self centred, run by a racist Afgan family, who want to take our money but not willing to accomodate us in what we had paid for, what a disgrace, they should be ashamed of themselves to call themselves a hotel, we want to report them to London Authorities for their inhumane treatment to their customers, what a nightmare, our bad luck for landing there, ruined our trip left us feeling angry and stressed when we should have been in holiday mode	
Apr 8 2008	Ghastly Hotel	I stayed at this hotel with a group of students and was horrified by the conditions of the rooms. The carpets, walls, and bedspreads were filthy. There were holes in the floor and bare electrical wires. One of our rooms had the shower door completely ripped off and the door handle in that room was broken. We found the night staff to be very rude. When my room was not made up by 8 p.m. I was told that the maid was sick and that no one would be making up my room that night. This is also the only hotel I've ever stayed in that charged to use the room safes. Never stay here.	
Apr 4 2008 	Apollo is a good bargain!	I chose Apollo because of the location, and it was only after I already paid I started to read all these reviews. I tell you I was so nervous when I finally got there - after seeing all these horrible pictures and reading all these incredibly negative reviews. Then when I got there I realised that most of these reviews were probably written by people who have no idea what to expect from a hotel as cheap as Apollo. I can tell you I've stayed at hotels far worse - and even then I wasn't nearly as angry about my stay.What it all comes down to is what you pay for, isn't it? Apollo is one of the cheapest hotels in the Bayswater area, so how can you expect a luxury hotel? And these pictures - UGH! I saw nothing of that kind in my room, that's for sure - I'm wondering if some people may actually be searching with a flashlight to see all the flaws, and concentrate only on the negative aspects.Apollo hotel is a cheap budget hotel, but you get what you pay for. You want something better? Just pay more and stop complaining!	
Mar 11 2008 	Never stay in this hotel	I had booked this hotel for a weekend away with my family. We choose it due to its handy location. On arrival the reception area looked fine, we used the lift to get to our room which was on the fifth floor. As we walked to our room the smell and appearance of the floor was very poor. We opened our bedroom door, which had a lock that was very insecure. The room itself had three single beds and one double, there was three of us. This made the room very cramped. It had a strong musty smell, very little natural light, the one small window was decorated with a dirty netting and curtains that didnt hang properly. The bathroom was tiny with a dirty shower curtain and and clogged vent full of dust. We had felt the room very cold and when asked about the central heating at the reception we were told it was broken. The lift broke down the second night so we had to walk too many flights of stairs to our room. Breakfast wasnt nice with just cornflakes, hard croissants, and tea or coffee to choose from. I would never recommend this hotel, its smelly, horrible and the staff are extremely unhelpful.	
Feb 5 2008 	I couldn't stay there	This hotel was so bad I couldn't stay there, and found myself another hotel nearby, even though I presumed I would not get my money back from such a shady establishment. I had booked a single room, yet was given one with 4 beds - all in various stages of disrepair and with old blankets on. The curtains were falling off the rails and the net curtains were grey. The door had an insecure lock and there was no wardrobe or anywhere to hang clothes. When I turned on the bathroom light, all the lights fused. I tried to ring down to reception, but the receiver had been cut off the phone. The staff were surly and although my lights were restored in ten minutes, it was done with no apology or conversation whatsoever. The man behind the desk seemed welded to his mobile phone and barely made eye contact. The reception was full of young people lounging about - presumably his friends. The last straw was when a visitor was told my room number - it could have been anyone. When I handed in my key and left, the man just grinned.	
Feb 3 2008 	Anywhere but Here!!	We had a room so small that our 2 suitcases could not fit in the room. (Note we travelled all over the world and we did not pay any excess baggage - so no, our bags were not too big). Rooms were stuffy, smelly and had no natural light.We arrived after 36hrs of flying and transit to be told no hot water for another 3 hrs - they turn the water off during the day - even when guests can start checking in (apparently because they have been advised by their gas supplier to do this!). Water pressure was an impressive - dribble!They were rude &amp; completely unaccomodating. I would rather stay in a dorm room in a hostel than this place.	
Nov 23 2007 	Ruined my Son's 18th	I arranged a suprise trip for my Son's 18th Birthday, which included tavel by train, hotel stay and a night at the theatre. We are not wealthy so booked a budget hotel as it was just somewhere to sleep, but didn't expect this!!!When we arrived approx 10.30am on the Friday morning the 'Gentleman' on the desk was quite curt and told us room not ready till 2.00pm (although he did let us leave suitcase).Arrived back at 2pm and a more polite young man checked us in and gave us our key. We did have to find the room ourself though!.We were on the 5th floor. Room very very standard, three beds, queen - double - single. Single bed springs gone!! Only One pillow each, thin sheet and a throwover, no quilt or blankets. Lampshade missing off wall lamp. Bathroom tiny with cracked tiles on floor, light over sink held together by tape!! toilet roll holder broken, and shower looked uninviting!!Kettle was nowhere near a socket, had to take it over to bedside cabinet to boil it!! TV remote had NO batteries. I did call reception and asked for more pillows and a working remote, these arrived later in evening whilst we were at the theatre.Very pleasant young man on reception when we arrived back.The final straw for me though was next morning at breakfast (if you could call it that!!). Waitress asked if we wanted coffee (even before we had sat down at a table) I asked for decaf, she could not even speak enough English to understand, thought I said pot of tea, although it was repeated several times. Only cornflakes on offer, croissants were stale, as was bread roll. Nothing else on menu, overheard guest at other table ask if croissant could be warmed, was told sharply by another waitress NO. By this time I was near to tears so left family and went to pack.Vacated room, but asked if we could leave suitcase as we wanted to have walk through the park. Was told we had to pick it up by 11.00am and was not left in a secure area.Was glad to leave and will definitely not return or recommend.A once in a lifetime (well he will not be 18 again!!) experience ruined.Will get son to download photos later	
Sep 12 2007 	The worst hotel ever	When we arrived it seemed all ok but when we got the rooms I was nerly throwing up because of the smell in one of our romms the other smelled as bad as the first one. During the last night the fire alarm went on and I wnt down to the lobby to see what was wrong I met a very sleepy frontoffice worker that told me that all was ok, I asked my friends in the other room if they had heard the firealarm all of them said no. Obviously the fire alarm didn't work in their room and if it would have been a real emergency the would have died so i recomend you all to stay away from this hotel.	
Sep 8 2007 	Worst Hotel Ever!!!	If you are looking for a clean, comfortable hotel, then this hotel is NOT for you!!!! The rooms are soooo small and the blankets are so filthy and they stink!!! We asked the front desk to change the stinky blankets for us but she said, &quot; Oh the blankets wont be touching your body, dont worry about it , you have a clean cover sheet under you&quot;, oh my god, what bad customer service. The bathroom was another nightmare! The shower curtain was very mouldy and the bath tub was clogged!!! Also, they never supplied with any soaps... the beds were the worst part of the stay, they were lumpy and you could feel the springs popping out which hurts your back and cant let you sleep all night! We felt we didnt get our money's worth, we felt that we were staying in a ZERO star hotel......We will never ever stay at this hotel again or recommend this to anyone. You can definetly pay the same amount at another hotel and get your money's worth.APOLLO IS A NO NO.	
Sep 7 2007	horrible	We stood there for about a week and all I can say is that this hotel is horrible. It's dirty, tiny and all in all disgusting. There are cockroaches in the rooms and the bathrooms are even worse. My advice for you: Don't stay there. Look for another hotel. We couldn't open our window that's why our room was hot throughout the whole day. The person at the reception didn't do anything about the cockroaches and the roomkeys were available for everybody.	
Sep 1 2007 	The Apollo is not as bad as everyone says...	I just came back from London, and I stayed at this hotel from August 23-31. I read the reviews on this website prior to my departure really scared about this hotel. I was quite surprised that it wasn't as bad as reviewers said. As a single woman traveller it was important that the Apollo fit the very basic requirements with the room being clean and secure, which the hotel met. The continential breakfast was fine with me. I had more than enough food with cereal, tea, juice and bread. However, there are plenty of restaurants and cafes on the Queensway for people who need to eat more in the morning. My television worked and the staff was pleasant with me. I even got a wake up call from them. The hotel is also located in an ideal location with the Bayswater and Queensway tube stations nearby to get around town and the Whiteley's Shopping Mall two blocks aways.  I didn't go into this trip with any high standards for the hotel besides cleanliness and security because I was on a budget. If I wanted Rtiz qualities, I would have stayed at the Ritz. This hotel is designed for people who are looking for very basic accommodations on a budget and who don't plan to spend too much time in the hotel beyond sleeping. I don't really understand where everyone's complaints are coming from. I even had a chance to ask a couple of other people staying at the hotel and they said they are having a good stay. While some of the complaints may be genuine to a certain extend for some people, I do think readers of this website should keep in mind that the vast majority of people who post reviews are generally those who had bad experiences. Most people who have good or just average experiences at the Apollo and other hotels are not going to go out of their way to write a review. Just something to keep in mind.	
Aug 28 2007 	Please dont stay at this hotel	Stayed at this hotel over the weekend and was truly horrified by how bad it was. They firstly changed the rooms we were staying in saying that other hotel users had destroyed the bathrooms of the five double rooms we had booked- so they put us in 3x 4 single bed room instead. When we asked to view the damage of the rooms we originally booked as the quad rooms were dirty-damaged-cramped and mouldy they said we couldn't as we had already checked in (we had filled in no forms at this stage). So i assume they had already sold those rooms as it was carnival weekend and just decided we could deal with the quad rooms.The quad rooms were tiny, the wallpaper was falling off, there were stains on the carpet and holes in the walls, the shower door was broken and had the cubicle had mould all over it- the taps leaked and the hot water was sketchy at best. The duvets smelt, the sheets were dirty and the blankets were stained. The manager of the hotel was very rude and would not discuss the problem with us. When we arrived back to the hotel early in the morning after a night out the night porter was asleep on the couch- all of our room keys were on the counter and anyone it seemed could have got them and entered our rooms. I have never stayed at a hotel this dirty or awful- do yourself a favour and stay well away from it.	
Aug 7 2007 	You get what you pay for!	My friend and I stayed at the Apollo Hotel from July 27-30, 2007. We weren't expecting much, but when we arrived, we got what we paid for at the hotel. The front desk helped us navigate our journey and the only problem there was a requested wake-up call that never occured. Besides that small issue, our stay was fine. The room is standard and the beds aren't the most comfortable, but when you're out touring around for eight hours, just about anything feels fine when it's time to go to sleep. The shower water pressure wasn't the greatest, but we managed. Again, we didn't think we were going to stay at the Ritz and kept reality in mind. The breakfast is enough to get you going in the morning. The hotel is located near Kensington Park and Palace and it was a nice walk during our first day there. We'd been traveling all morning and needed to stretch our legs. There is a fountain dedicated to Princess Diana and the palace was her residence prior to her death. There is a playground for kids and a refreshment stand as well. There are tube locations nearby as well as plenty of shops, restaurants to suit any taste, and even a bowling alley. The average cost for dinner for two at the pub ran about 15-20 pounds. Unfortunately, the US dollar has zero momentum there, but again, do your research before you go. Think of it less as a loss and more about the overall experience. If you get too caught up in the exchange rate, you'll drive yourself mad. You're on vacation--enjoy yourself!	
Jul 24 2007 	Would not stay here again	Perhaps it is a matter of &quot;you get what you pay for&quot;, but this hotel is lacking in several areas. Our group had 3 rooms in this hotel. Each room had its set of problems. All 3 were small, but this is somewhat expected in Europe. One of the rooms had 4 beds crammed in with less than a foot of walking space in between beds. No dresser. No closet. No place to hang anything. Shower curtain was moldy. Hole in the wall from door hitting it. Walls and curtains were dirty. In one of the rooms, the window was boarded shut. No fan, so room was hot. Sheets were not changed during our entire stay (8 nights), but we did get clean towels each day. No wash cloths, hand towels or soap/shampoo. Our toilet clogged and it took 24 hours to get it fixed. In one of the rooms the phone line had been cut. Only CNN came in on the very small TV. People at the front desk spend as much time on the internet as possible and tied up the phone line so we could not be reached by others.Breakfast in basement breakfast room consisted of OJ, Corn Flakes, Croissants, Coffee/Tea and Toast and was available from 7:30-9:30 am.Only positive thing to say is that the neighborhood is fine and you are a close walk to Queensway which has a mall, several small restaurants, grocery and drug stores. Also just a few blocks from 2 underground stations &amp; parks.	
Jul 21 2007 	No Go!	This hotel was terrible. Very small room. Looked kind of dirty too. The shower was full of brown mildew and the sink was so small only one of my two hands could fit in. To make matters worse, the breakfast was awful; the bread seemed to be not so fresh. I have been sick after eating it. Staff was OK, but this hotel is definitely a no go!	
Jul 14 2007	Please stay away!	We would like your future customers to be aware of this terrible hotel and stay away. During our stay they never greeted us, only gave a suspicious look. When we asked their help to unlock the dodgy room door, he stormed in and out as if we should have known a little trick to open the door! The bed mattress was so springy that we had to lay the top cover of the other bed but still squeaks kept us awake. Breakfast was poor with not much choice and a notice on the wall warning you not to stay at a table more than 20 minutes! It costs nothing to be polite and friendly, after all, we are the customers and they should provide the acceptable level of services. There wasn't any saving graces and we would not stay here ever again.	
Jun 3 2007 	Stay Away!	This hotel is the worst I have stayed in anywhere. We changed our room from the original one as it was in the basement and had no natural light. The room was scruffy, the bed lumpy, TV didn't work properly, no hairdryer as stated, taps not working in bathroom, mould around shower tray. Breakfast was poor with not much choice. The saving grace was the staff were very friendly and willing to help. I would not stay here again.	
May 30 2007 	Basic but not bad like others say	We were given this trip as part of a honeymoon gift from some relatives so we were not able to pick our hotel. After reading the reviews on here shortly before our departure, I became very concerned. However when we arrived I was pleasantly surprised and found most reviews to be incorrect.This hotel is very basic but is located in a nice area and has easy access to the underground Queensway station on the Central Line. The staff was very helpful and the rooms were clean. The pictures on here of disgusting bathrooms do not at all reflect the room we stayed in as ours was clean, and had a decent sized bathtub. When we arrived we were exhausted as it was the day after our wedding and we flew for about 10 hours total, however it was early and our room was not ready because check-in is not until 2pm. So we waited, wandered around the area and grabbed a bite to eat. When we returned to our hotel around 11:30 we were informed that our room was nearly ready and they were working on it specifically because we seemed worn out and someone was always at the desk for assistance at any time of day or night, excellent service. This was the type of service we experienced throughout our stay. Breakfast was basic as expected, croissants, cereal, coffee, and juice was about all they had. This was enough to get your day sstarted though. The area we were in, Bayswater, seems to be a little pricey compared to others so you may want to venture off, however EVERYTHING on London is insanely expensive. There was a nice mall, Whiteleys, just aroud the corner and plenty of shops and such all along.Overall I would suggest this hotel and would stay there again if price was a concern. We had a great experience and enjoyed our honeymoon at the Apollo.P.S.If you come into Gatwick I advise taking the Gatwick Express to the Victoria Station and then taking a cab to the hotel or the underground to the Queensway Station and then walking around the corner. A cab cost about 12 pounds and the subway cost about 10.20 pound for a day pass in Zone 1 and 2.Most things in the area with the exception of a pub around the corner close around 9pm. So if you get in late and are hungry, Red Planet Pizza delivers for free until 1am and was AMAZING. Ask at the desk and they will provide you the phone number.Smollensky's Restaurant in the West End area was also outstanding. Expect to spend at least 30-40 pounds ($60) if you eat in any restaurant at all.	
Apr 19 2007 	Stay Away!	We booked this hotel as part of a package with Virgin Vacations. Unfortunately, I didn't discover the Trip Advisor reviews until a week or so before our departure and when I read the awful reviews, I tried to get our stay changed, but to no avail (it was Easter weekend and everything was booked). So we went there expecting it to be pretty bad and just figured it would be part of our &quot;European experience&quot;.We arrived at the hotel after a 10 hour flight from San Francisco at 8 a.m. - we were exhausted and were hoping that we could just get an early check in. The fellow at the front desk, once he got off the phone, smirked and said that there was no way we could get in before check in time at 2 p.m. He also informed us that, instead of 2 rooms that we had ordered, they only had one for us and they could put extra cots in the room so all four of us could stay together (we were travelling with our two teenage daughters). He took our baggage which he stuffed behind the reception counter and, when we asked where we might get some breakfast, gave us very vague directions to a place a block and half away. We wandered, bleary eyed, around London for a couple of hours, trying to get ahold of Virgin Vacations to find out what happened about our rooms, and then walked from hotel to hotel trying to find another room (no luck). We ended up back at the hotel where another man told us that he would be able to put us in two rooms for the night, but the next nights we would have to stay in one room. About a half hour later, he suddenly told us that he would be booking us in another hotel (the Queens Park down the street) for the remainder of our trip. No explanation, but it was clear that the Apollo had screwed up. It was a total blessing for us!When we finally got into the rooms, at first, I thought, this isn't too bad. The rooms were crammed with 4 beds (they apparently had a big student group coming the next day), but we were so tired that we were easily able to be comfortable and fall asleep. But we soon noticed the stained walls, scratchy sheets, tea kettle that didn't reach the one plug in the room (to heat water, I had to put the kettle on the floor). You had to step over piles of laundry in the hall ways. And then we found fleas! The bathroom was so small - the sink was the tiniest thing I'd ever seen - you could barely get your hands under the faucet to wash them. And the shower - o my goodness! It was a tiny square of tile surrounded by a vinyl shower curtain that sticks to your body if you turn around. Not all of the bathrooms are like that - our daughters had a full bathtub.The breakfast in the basement was so bad it was funny - and everyone there seemed in a bad mood. We were thrilled to be getting out of there and into a nicer place.I echo other reviewers who wondered how this place keeps its license. I also wonder why it would be included as part of Virgin Vacations package - that can't be good for their reputation!	
Mar 23 2007	Can it get worse than This? Appaling!	We had the misfortune to stay here while on a week-long tour of London. We were a group of 22, four adult chaperones and 18 senior high school drama students. Most of our students are well traveled, and all were stunned by the disgusting state of the accommodations given us. I have never seen anything like it. I thought I had set my expectations suitably low, but the Apollo still managed to fall far below them. If you have a reservation at this property, cancel it immediately! Here are some of the horrors that greeted us during our week at the Apollo:1. Some of the rooms had rat traps hidden behind night stands and/or beds. 2. The rooms were not clean by anyone’s standards. Walls were marked and stained, bedding was stained, bathrooms were moldy. Curtains were filthy, torn and not properly installled. I pulled a blanket off the top of my wardrobe cabinet one cold night only to find it covered in a variety of stains and matted with human hair. Needless to say, I chose to shiver. You are given ONE towel to use. Period. No hand towel, no face cloth, just one bath towel.3. One of our students found a pair of underwear (not hers) in her bed at the bottom of her sheet. Another found empty beer bottles under her bed when she moved it to allow room for luggage. 4. The rooms were too small for the number of people lodged in them. My single room was approximately 9ft by 6 ft wide. Rooms of four and five could not accommodate the students and their luggage. Moving furniture meant discovering mounds of filth probably untouched since the 1970's.5. The front desk staff were rude, unprofessional and bordering on mentally unstable. One particularly shocking incident involved the male front desk clerk barging into a room of four girls and tearing their phone out of the wall. (They had no idea how to use it, because of course there were no instructions provided, and he was annoyed that they accidentally kept calling down to reception.) On another morning, a different employee shrieked at a chaperone from a different school for remaining in the breakfast room too long and taking a second cup of coffee. They resented any questions from guests that required them to pause their online web-chats and computer games.6. On the second morning, at breakfast, a girl found a slug in her cereal. None of us ate there again after that. We ended up paying for breakfast out of our own pockets for the rest of the week. Thankfully there was a market and a Starbucks just around the corner.I could go on and on... but by now you must get the picture. We checked online, and you CAN do much better for that price and location in London. For the love of god, keep looking!!!	
Mar 19 2007	This must be the worst in London	This hotel caters to groups of students and they treat them like dirt. The staff are extremely rude and verging on abusive. Our daughter was yelled at repeatedly when the key broke in her lock and told she had to pay 30 pounds for it to be fixed. Then she was told she had to sleep in a room with no lock! Thank goodness for the tour director who sorted this out for her. One adult group leader was told he could not have two cups of tea with his breakfast! There was a &quot;mix up&quot; with the number of rooms required and people had to share five to a three person room. DO NOT STAY AT THE APOLLO. IT WILL RUIN YOUR TRIP.	
Feb 21 2007 	Hell!	Ugly hotel, rude staff.I'm a travel agent and seen thousands hotels in my life but that one was far below my expectations!!Don't understant how could they get a licence on the first place.	
Feb 15 2007 	Worst Hotel Ever	This hotel stay nearly ruined my first trip to London. I don't mind small, basic rooms; I approach hotels as just a place to sleep and shower when I travel. But this place was terrible. Completely filthy, noisy (my room was off the stairwell landing and the group of school kids that were staying there kept me up until 3 am by their constant running up and down the stairs - and the night clerk refused to move me to another room), the carpet was stained, and the walls were moldy and mildewy. I left after one night, but the hotel still charged me for the entire stay. Luckily, my credit card company fought the charge and credited my account. Do yourself a favor and pay a little bit more for a reputable chain hotel. This place should be condemned.	
Jan 31 2007 	Really not that bad	I stayed at the Apollo not because I chose to stay there but because it was part of a package deal. I stayed alone, and really, it wasn't that bad! The room was clean, the staff friendly and the breakfast was, well, it was just a plain ol' breakfast to be honest. The layout is a bit bizarre, and I had to walk up 5 flights of steps to walk back down 2 flights to arrive at my room. Annoying, yes, but fortunately there was a bell hop who brought my bags up for me.The location was agreeable, I thought, for my purposes ... just across the way from the beautiful Hyde park and walking distance to Kensington Palace (and The Orangery, which is divine for afternoon tea). It was further away from the big attractions in London, though I didn't mind the bus / underground rides them ... again, really not that bad.All in all, it may not be a posh stay, but if you're on a budget and don't mind staying an the outskirts, you'll be fine at this location.	
Jan 27 2007	64 Queensborough Terrace	My husband and I just got back from a 6 night stay at the Apollo Hotel. After reading the reviews, I was scared, but I had booked it as a package and there was no way to back out without taking a hit. I also checked the prices of the hotels in London and they are outrageously high! My stay at the Apollo was better than I expected. The room was clean and we had hot water every night except the one night when the pilot light went out, it was fixed the next morning. The elevator was out one day (and we were on the fourth floor), but it was repaired. The breakfast consisted of croissants, cheese, butter and jelly. The women were nice and quickly served a pot of hot coffee, tea and/or toast. The TV worked, but we didn't watch it, I went to London to sightsee.There were other minor things that were not what I would expect from a 5 star hotel (which the Apollo does not claim to be), but we were deteremined to have a nice trip and with a clean room and hot water, we did.	
Jan 3 2007 	Not a very nice place to stay. More hostel than hotel.	It's difficult to know where to start but here goes...We were moved to this hotel after the hotel we booked supposedly had a water leak. Have I read that somewhere before?? This seems to be a common thing from reading reviews on tripadvisor. We had to wait before being able to check in since they had to replace the toilet. Yet more inconvenience after having been moved once already.I can put up with a budget hotel (in fact I expected this to be budget), I can put up with dated hotels, old fixtures and fittings and even somewhere that needs a lick of paint...but....there is NO excuse for poor cleanliness.Unfortunately the room was mucky. The curtains looked as though they had been dragged up and down a chimney. The walls were scuffed and covered in mucky marks - not just a bit - but a lot, in fact just about every bit of the wall! Parts of the wall appeared to have some sort of liquid (don't know what??) splashed on them.The beading around the poorly fitted laminate flooring had lifted and was filthy - loads of old fluff underneath it. The bed was uncomfortable and very lumpy. The sheets appeared to be clean but the blankets seemed quite old and had a fusty smell.The bedside cabinet had some dodgy looking mains wiring in it - i'm not a qualified electrician so I couldn't say wether or not it was safe - but it's not what you expect next to your bed.The door into the room was a flimsy internal door and had a massive gap underneath it. Now I'm a big, strong northerner (well over 6ft and about 18 stone) - the sort that can look after himself, but sometimes even I feel a bit uneasy - sleeping in this hotel was one of those times.After handing the room key into the reception when we went out, we returned to the hotel late at night to find our room keys left on the reception counter since there was no-one on the desk. The main front door was left unlocked so anyone could have walked in, picked them up and let themselves into our room!London was incredibly busy this particular weekend and everywhere else was completely booked up. Had there been anywhere else to stay I would definately have left the Apollo but with arrangements made and no time left after all the messing around we were forced to sleep in this, well, one can only describe it as a hostel.I'm a fair bloke so what can I say that's good about this place??Well, the bathroom did seem to be clean and the continental breakfast was reasonablly good. The location for central London was good. As an ex sales rep I've stayed in a few hotels and I have to say this has been the worst I've ever stayed in. My advice is to stick to a travel lodge - even if it means travelling a little bit further to get into the city - at least you know what you're gonna get for your money - don't book the Apollo!!!	
Dec 18 2006 	You get what you pay for	London is a VERY expensive city so every dollar you can save, you SHOULD!!! This hotel is cheap and you really do get the bare minimum BUT if you are only looking for a place to sleep and shower then I highly recommend that you are LESS picky about where you stay here. We were a little wary after reading other travellers reviews but heck, we saved LOTS!! Apollo staff do leave much to be desired as do the breakfast but my fiance and I were absolutely delighted not only on the location but also the amount of money we saved staying here so that we could spend our money on more important things. We stayed for one week and we paid half of what was asked from us from all other hotels. Staying at a hostel would BE much worse!!! You get what you give....	
Dec 4 2006 	Never ever stay there	In November my parents and grandparents stayed in this hotel.I knew it wouldn't be the Ritz but at least it should be friendly and comfortable.The location is nice and very central but that is the only positive point.On check-in the rooms were allocated in the basement, it was a nice thought because a group of young people stayed upstairs, but the rooms were literally in the dark basement overlooking a horrible dumping area.A lot of things didn't work like the TV, light bulbs not fixed, doors squeaking and towels missing.After calling the reception everything got fixed quickly what was actually fine.The kettle in the room had to be put in unsafe positions to use it, because the court was to short. There was a lot of rubbish behind the desk what hasn't been cleared since a long time.At night they could here the underground very clearly, loud noises arise from some boiler or heater room, what kept them up for a long time.Breakfast is not to recommend Rolls, Croissant, Cheese, Jam, Cornflakes, Orange Juice and some Milk. Coffee and Tea was alright. Every day exactly the same. It's not even a continental breakfast.One night they had an electricity cut. It was caused by some builders on the road. The Hotel Staff had no attempt in even checking if they were alright downstairs in the dungeon. They had to do everything in total darkness. No candles or torches were supplied at all. They went out to get some coffee from a shop because they didn't serve any in the breakfast room.I was nicely asking for the charges to be taken care of and to inquire about any information’s about this situation. The man on the reception started shouting at me in a very rude manor.He refused to talk to me and mentioned to talk to my parents but they don't speak any English so he just laughed and continuing his games on the PC.The electricity didn't come back by 5pm in the afternoon.I stayed over very late on the last night and we didn't inform the reception. At check out the same man accused me of staying over the entire stay and having breakfast as well. He started straight away shouting and insulting us. He forced us to stay there till we paid everything. He grabbed my mom on the arm and took our backpack. He threatens to punch me.He wanted to call the police, but they should rather have him arrested. He wanted that I pay for everything. Of course this wasn't true. I paid him breakfast (total of £8.50, what I would have got cheaper in the shop for better quality and choice) and one night (he charged £30). He refused to give me a receipt, what he is actually entitled to.I don't recommend this &quot;Hotel&quot; at all. It doesn't deserve the three stars it supposes to have. The rooms are horrible, the breakfast is not even a continental breakfast and most of all the service and the staff are life threatening.This thing should be shut down and I hope with this review I can prevent of more people staying there.	
Nov 28 2006	Worst ever with arrogant unkempt staff	DO NOT GO THERE!My parents won a weekend stay in London and took the opportunity to visit me for the first time in 3 years. I should have straight away told them not to bother. When we arrived at the hotel the reception clerk was wearing a stained polo shirt and I mistook him for a member of the maintenance team.When we went to the bedroom it was tiny (ok you expect this anyway), the headboard of the bed was leaning against the front of the bed, and the cable of the portable heater was in loops across the floor. The general cleanliness appalling: fluff on the carpet dust on top surfaces and yellow mould in the bathroom. I went back to the reception and asked for an alternative room due to concerns to health and safety (how I phrased it, trying not to offend anybody). Bluntly, the receptionist told me to go to another hotel this room is all they got and nobody can expect more from a 1 stars hotel. And I am only paying £30.00 quit for the room anyway. -DerTour will be happy to know their rates are revealed btw. I am aware you get what you pay for, but even if its old and cheap it doesn’t mean it must be a this kind of hole and whatever I am paying for I get insulted for free if I want to!	
Nov 1 2006	Best value for money I've ever had in London	I'm a German English teacher and I stayed at the Apollo with a group of 41 students and I have to say that this is the best budget hotel I've ever stayed in by far. The rooms are clean, the furniture ist less than five years old, the bathrooms are recently renovated and we paid only GBP 20 per person/night (excellent group rate!). Two years ago I stayed at the King's Hotel next door to the Apollo and we paid more for less. The location is great - Bayswater and Queensway tube stations right around the corner, as well as the night bus stop, a quiet street with little traffic and Queensway with its great restaurants and shops just two minutes away - who could ask for more? O.k., the staff sometimes is a bit moody but hey - we're all only human aren't we? Don't get me wrong, this is a budget hotel. Anybody who expects the Hilton is definitely in the wrong place there but my school is currently planning another trip to London for about 50 students next year and it'll definitely be the Apollo we'll be staying in!	
Oct 12 2006 	think twice if come back	I wish to tell others about the Apollo hotel London(Bayswater) lousy service and the contacted taxi service arranged by the hotel staff. This hotel dose not deserved even one star. For there's no service whatsoever. Starting from the checkin. The clerk at the front desk harassed for the price higher than what was quoted at booking time.Tha taxi arranged by another staff overcharged us with the help of the hotel staff. In addition we forgot our belongings in the taxi which was returned with extra charge.The hotel club should do something about this for the standard of the 2 star hotel dosen't meet what's expected.Thai Tourist	
Aug 17 2006 	Way too expensive! Go to a hostel instead!	This hotel would have been ok if I had payed half the price! I have been in London many times and stayed in hostels as well as five star hotels...This was the worst so far.First of all, the tv did not work at all which I did not care all that about since I wasn't in town to watch tv. But still, it is a nice background noice.The mattress did not have a bedding mattress meaning I basically slept right on the spirals *ouch* I had to get massage the next day to even be able to stand up. I complained about this and since ther was no other rooms so i could switch they offered me a new mattress. That was ok with me. However, when I finally came home in the evening after a long day in town I found the mattress in the corridor and had to drag the old one out and replace it on my own. NOT ok! When I complained about this the receptionist simply said he did not know which bed I wanted it in. Who cares?!After that ordeal I wanted to have a shower but there was no hot water, again. Had asked about that already in the morning and been adviced to let it run for about 10min. I know all about how bad showers can be in London so ok, I would try. That didn't work. I called down to ask if he could check it and he said he would. I heard nothing so after 20min I went down to have a cigarette and asked. Apparently the boiler had shut off and the water would be fine within 30min and it actually was.However, the water smelled like rotten eggs and made my eyes bright red.The staff in day time was very nice and helpful at night not so helpful but not rude either. Maybe he is shy or something? Unfortuenatly one has to be a bit polite, talkative and friendly when working in a hotel so....Good sides, the location! I don't like to stay in Bayswater but the location is good. Easy to go into town and to various other places with bus or tube. Many restaurants close by and a mall.like place with lots of shops, restaurants and cinema.Also, the room was clean and new towels every day.The few +'es doesn't help though. I will never stay here again! I almost feel bad about writing this since i am sure the place could be so much better with only little effort put in...I hope the owners read this and try to do something.	
Jul 3 2006	Apologetic Apollo	I stayed at the Apollo from June 23-28 with my mother. I have never been treated so badly. We requested a wake-up call and never got it. Thankfully, we got up with the early summer sun and did not miss our flight. We had a feeling that we would never get the wake up call because he scribbled a note in a paper and turned around to chat with his computer. The morning we departed we mentioned that we had not gotten the call and he smiled and apologized. This receptionist is moody, careless, and rude. In general, this hotel is overpriced for what they offer. I did not feel safe or happy here.	
Jun 15 2006	Small rooms creaky floors	Our group stayed at this hotel. The rooms were small if it was only for two, but large for four or more. The desk clerk cut off our phone after we called the desk a few times. He did not want to be bothered while he was chatting on the Internet or sleeping on the couch after 11. The stairs and floors are very creaky and make alot of noise anytime someone walks down the hall or up and down the stairs. The only thing this hotel had going for it was the location which was basically across the street from Kensington Park and very close to shopping and the Tube.	
May 5 2006	look for something else	i stayed at the apollo hotel london (bayswater) for 5 nights last month. as it is a budget hotel i did not expect the ritz but at least an appropriate surrounding for a human being. i start now with the positive aspects: the hotel is close to hyde park, 1 minute from bayswater road where all buses leave direction oxford street etc. there are lots of small restaurants and shops near by as well as some small supermarkets. the hotel staff was friendly, the check in was quick, the breakfast continental (toast, rolls, jam, butter, cheese, tea, coffee, all ok).now the negative point: the room. it was just awful. as it was very very tiny i could only move sideways between my bed and the wall to get into the bathroom. the bathroom was the tiniest i ever saw in my life (and i saw a lot of rooms during my job as a travel agent and frequent traveller). i am not a big person (1,65 m, normal weight) but i really felt like getting claustrophobic in this hole. the furniture was flea market style, all very worn out. i had no access to the wardrobe as a chair was placed in front of it (obviously to put some stuff on it but that meant you could not open the wardrobe door). but the worst was the mattress: it caved in and really, i could feel every spring which made sleeping very unpleasant. it was depressing, fortunately i was away at lot. i stayed in other budget hotels before and they were acceptable but this place was bad beyond compare.don´t go there.	
Jan 9 2006	Ten times better than expected!	Having booked the Apollo as a cheap hotel for a night away with my wife in London, and having read some of the previous reviews, I was almost dreading the whole experience. Needless to say we were pleasantly surprised at the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff (so what that they are not English...?), the cleanliness of the bedroom, albeit it not the biggest we'd stayed in (we opened our cases on the bed instead of the floor, and it worked for us) and the more than adequate continental breakfast where coffee and toast was served at the table (even an Ibis doesn't do that). The elevator worked fine and even told it's passengers what floor they were on, the corridors were well lit and the main staircase wide and safe. We even took our room key out with us and no-one demanded we leave it in the hotel! For us, it more than served the purpose for the money we paid; had we wanted a big room and luxury showergel then we'd have paid twice as much somewhere else, but this was just fine for our weekend away and meant we had more to spend on some local excellent English cuisine!	
Dec 3 2005	Good Location 	The only positive thing about the Apollo hotel is the location &amp; price. The rooms are tiny, but that didn't bother me. But what I didn't like was: 1) Musty odor in room, 2) Rarely had hot water, 3) Staff not very friendly. I didn't bother complaining because I knew the staff woulnd't do anything about it. Another issue was that you have to turn in your room key when ever you leave the hotel - not a problem, but it just seems odd. Would be great if they'd straighten out these problems, you can't beat the location. But with all the hotels in Bayswater to choose from, the Apollo would be my last choice.	
Oct 15 2005	Dad is this called a hotel?	Be warned - never ever visit this hotel (again). When we arrived (8 pm) we were told, that the toilet had broken down and we had to stay at another hotel for two nights. Once in the Apollo, our room should be a family room, but was actually a double with additional beds - totally small and no place to store things which would be important when travelling with children. The breakfast was absolutely basic - it should be &quot;continental&quot; but wasn't at all. The first morning they even ran out of jam, the next day the orange-juice was diluted. You could not lock the room properly and the staff was kind of unfriendly. As a regular visitor to Youth hostels I can assure you, the standard is the same ...	
Oct 5 2005	EEK I think I am in a college dorm room	Where oh where to begin...our stay at the Apollo started off on what we thought to be a sour note only to end up being a blessing in disguise. We arrived to plumbing problems, causing us to be relocated to the Troy Hotel next door (delightful) but thats another review. The next day we had to move our bags back to the Apollo, were given keys that reminded me of a gas station bathroom key which we were told we had to leave when leaving the hotel, little scary and piled into a very small elevator to our floor. After deisgnating a hall with turns every 2 ft. through &quot;fire doors&quot; (this was a joke) we found our room. My husband and I attempted to enter together which was not possible with luggage. We went in pulled our bags behind and discovered we now took up the ENTIRE room. Trying to stay positive I used the bathroom tucking myself between the toilet and the sink (I am only 5'2&quot; mind you) and taking a deep breathe. The bed looked like it was used in a dorm room and I swear I recognized the blanket on the bed which was up against a paneled wall and was a full if that. I sat on the bed causing the ends of the mattress to come up around me. There were no outlets for any of our 10 adapters thus nothing could be recharged. It was at this point we opted to go back to the Troy and take a loss on the money from our package that went to the hotel (1 less souvenir was quite worth it). All I can say is SCARY! I didn't expect luxury but clean would have been nice. My advise stay next door at the Troy. Great price nice accomodations, lovely staff.	
Aug 21 2005	Bootleg Hotel	I'll start off with a positive note, the tube (bayswater station since queensway is under construction) is fairly close to the hotel which made it easy to get around quickly. The staff was okay. The bathroom that we had was newly remodeled and very clean which was great. The rooms were tough. I felt like they should have paid me to stay there. It's equivelant to a motel 6 truck stop hotel. We came back to the hotel in the evening after a long day to find our room unlocked, the cleaning staff did not lock our room after they were finished. That was a very uneasy feeling. The lockes on the door are like bedroom door locks in a house. You also have to leave your key at the front desk which is something that you don't do in most hotels. Beware London is incredibly expensive (if your using dollars up against the pound). And the cusine in London is not very tasty. So stick to your mcdonalds, pizza hut, and other things you are familiar with.	
Jul 27 2005	Good location bad hotel	The Apollo is in a convenient location, but even for the price I would not stay there again. The staff was rude and our room was so small that we did not have room to open our suitcases on the floor! The breakfast was pretty mediocre. We stayed at this hotel as part of a (---) package, but I definitely would not stay here again.	
Jul 25 2005	At least it is cheap	We arrived to find no elevator; a walk up 86 stairs to our room with our bags; four beds (two doubles and two twins) in a room for two; soapscum on the soap dish in the shower, but no soap; a dusty tea service with very old creamers; and a bland breakfast. Thank goodness it is cheap and near tube stops.	
Jul 7 2005	Hotel Staffs are rude and Be aware Checkout is 11am !!	After checking in, my husband and I were directed to a room next to the breakfast room which is located at basement floor. The staff didn't even tell us there is a lift and he just took us with many heavy luggages in our hands walking down the narrow staircases. We were shocked when he opened the door because the room smelled badly and was so dark!!  We were so unhappy with the room, but the staff said irresponsibly it was a very good room with air-conditioning and furthermore it is next to breakfast room!! Please imagine how noisy it will be in the morning!!  We asked to change a room and again with all our luggages carried back to front desk at ground floor. Then we were relocated to 3rd floor for a better room.   Please be aware you will be charged GBP 2 per luggage and there is no negotiation at all and even check-out time is at 11am. The male staff bull------ all hotels around operating in the same way and it is a regulation in London. This comment truly spoils the image of London. He was just bull------ because many budget hotels around do allow check-out at 12pm and free keeping of luggages service. The male staff got offended when I talked to him about the checkout time around Bayswater. His reply was really bad behaved. On the last day, my husband and I went for a walk at Hyde Park and came back at about 9:30am, the same staff returned room key to us and reminded us again sarcasticly &quot; Check-Out Time is 11am!!&quot;. At around 10:40am, we received a call again to remind us &quot;CHECK-OUT TIME IS 11AM!!!!&quot; All the staffs speak broken English and don't look English at all!! We are not sure where they come from but it is not a big deal.  The main concern we do have is the male staff around late 30s has a very bad attitude!!	
Jun 27 2005	Cheap and simple	I stayed in the Apollo, which is located in Bayswater for two nights. The best thing about this hotel is its price. The breakfast doesn´t taste average, the elevator got stuck two times, the public toillet is dirty and hard to find, the rooms are tiny, and you can hear the telephone ring one floor below.	
Jun 14 2005	It is cheap	This was not a place I would chose to stay again. Our room was clean, small and plain. The ceiling light fixture was a plain bulb, no fixture. Bathtub was huge and dangerous. It was hard to get into and slick on the bottom. Shower curtain didn't cover it, so the floor was always wet. Towels were mostly ok, but I would have loved a wash cloth.  Security was a joke. We accidently locked a key in one of our rooms. The hotel said they didn't have an extra and told us, we would have to pay to call a lock company. We used someone elses key and it worked fine. There were no deadbolts or chains. That room also did not get maid service for the week we were there. The staff could hardly speak English. If there was a problem they were talk among themself in another language. I saw them tell people they just had to live with major problems.  Breakfast was basically bread, jam, butter and tea, if you could get the attention of the hostess. There was also cornflakes, orange juice and milk, but those were the smallest glasses I have ever seen. Having read previous reviews, we had brought peanut butter and that helped a lot.	
Apr 30 2005	Would never stay here again	We knew it would be a budget hotel and expected as much....however, when they could not give us more than one towel or one cup for our 3 night stay &quot;due to occupancy&quot; it really added new meaning to the word budget. They adverstised having television, hair dryers, and a safe deposit for valuables. The t.v. didn't work, there was no hair dryer, and the front desk attendant could not locate our valuables in the safe deposit box. Our shower door was broken to the point of flooding the bathroom floor. When we reported this to the manager, it seemed to be of no importance. You are required to turn in your room key upon every departure from the hotel (this was no problem). The breaking point came when they accused us of not turning in our key. We used a master and went to the the room to discover that a repair person had entered to remove one half of the broken shower door. We suspect he/she used the key and didn't return it to the front desk. After 3 days with one towel for two of us and no room key, we checked into the hotel across the street for 30 more euros. It was a relief to go from a 10 x 10 room to a suite for so little money. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone I held dear.	
Apr 26 2005	Just fine		
Feb 3 2005	it was not as bad as other reviewers described		
Jan 6 2005	Don't stay here		
Jan 6 2005	Not worth it!!		
Sep 6 2004	OK but oculd be better		
May 18 2004	Overbooking in Hotel!		
Apr 7 2004	Good for the price		
Apr 22 2003	Aweful		
Feb 17 2003	Not again		
Jan 8 2003	comfortable budget hotel		
Nov 2 2009	..se si hanno poche pretese si può fare..		
Oct 26 2009 	Per chi ha poche pretese		
Oct 10 2009 	mai più!!!!!!!!!!!!!!		
Oct 3 2009	Absolut widerlich!		
Oct 1 2009 	unfreundliches Personal Frühstück schlecht Zimmer gerade noch ok		
Sep 28 2009	da evitare		
Sep 19 2009	Die super Lage ist am wichtigsten!		
Sep 10 2009 	Pésimo		
Sep 9 2009 	?????????????		
Jun 9 2009 	Ein günstiges einfaches Hotel		
Apr 3 2009	Ein echt schlechtes Hotel		
Feb 8 2009 	un hotel piu' orribile non esiste!		
Jan 2 2009 	Ich versteh die schlechten Bewertungen auch nicht!!		
Dec 29 2008 	lamentable		
Dec 3 2008	Die schrecklichen Bewertungen kann ich nicht verstehen!		
Oct 14 2008 	Esiste un termine peggiorativo di essimo?		
Sep 10 2008	Apollo Hotel das schlimmste was ich je erlebt habe		
Aug 23 2008 	Ecklig!		
May 14 2008 	simple et bien placé		
Sep 16 2007	Meidet das Apollo Hotel		
Feb 10 2007	Einfach nur Schrecklich		
