Nov 23 2009	Suspicious flood or overbooking?	I do not fault this hotel in most respects, but my weekend was nearly ruined before it started (and it was a very special event) by the hotel phoning me on the morning of my intended arrival to tell me that two floors were flooded and I had to be bumped to another hotel miles away. I was very unhappy on the phone and they relented and I got my stay. I have no problem with the stay and rate the hotel well, but I am deeply concerned to see other postings here about overbooking. When I got to the hotel I saw no evidence of any flood - no signs mentioning any inconvenience etc - and no way were two floors out of action. No suggestion on the lift etc. The combination of this appearance with those other reviews makes me deeply suspicious that the &quot;flood&quot; never happened and that is very worrying. My trip was nearly ruined and would have been totally ruined had I not &quot;kicked off&quot; on the telephone. Anyone else know anything about the truth or otherwise of this situation on the weekend of 20 November 2009?	
Nov 15 2009 	Location Location Location	First time at this hotel and on checking in were without prompting offered an upgrade to a deluxe room. The hotel is within easy walking distance of Covent Garden, Leicester Square, theatres. The hotel bar is expensive and we didn't eat in the restaurant, but there are plenty of places to eat nearby. The staff were friendly and helpful. All in all,a good place to stay for a weekend break to central London.	
Nov 11 2009 	Disaster no sense of loyalty or responsibility!	Booked Kingsway for just 2 nights for a short holiday. I emailed them THREE times as I was warned about being transferred to another hotel. Guess what...we arrived and we got the same crappy story of a big group checking in..and moreover, transferred to another hotel for JUST ONE NIGHT!!! We made obviously a big hassle, but do you think they even cared a [--]?? I took copies of my emails where they assured me my booking was confirmed, and I told them if I had to be transferred it will be for both nights..as it was impossible to pack and unpack twice in just 2 nights ...they couldnt care less and I had to change hotel each night. Also, I was informed that if they did that they shouldnt charge me...but arguing for hours on end with them just led to the beauty of 165 euros per night without breakfast!!! no discount..no drink...no extra thingy to replace the hassle....I do not care if th ehotel we had to go for one night was a 5 star hotel...what I wanted was the comfort of getting the SAME hotel I booked, for BOTH nights!!! is that too much to ask???	
Nov 4 2009 	very disappointing stay wont go back again!!	We booked 2 rooms at this hotel because we have stayed here previously about 4 years ago and had a fantastic experience, however, we were very dissapointed with our stay this time.the rooms were tiny, the windows wouldnt open and it was so hot in the rooms, the air con wasnt working in either rooms and the one room was blowing out boiling hot air even on cold setting!!! the telephone didnt work in one room (202) on previous stay we had molton brown toilettes in the bathrooms and this time we had cheap brand. the bedding was awful , most luxury hotels use luxurious goose down bedding pillows, these were like sleeping on a spinal board with a cheap duvet on top. wasnt impressedwe previously loved the bar area as they use to serve fantastic platters of dim sum which they no longer do.cant fault the breakfasts in the hotel and reception staff were friendly, location is fantastic but will not stay here again as it has lost its special touches ,	
Nov 2 2009 	Great hotel	Fantastic Hotel in heart of Covent Garden. Within walking distance of attractions. High standard of service aqnd friendly efficient staff. Rooms spotless and very comfortable. Have stayed there 4 times now and wouldnt go anywhere else. Reccommend having an eving meal in hotel, food deliious but leave plenty time to have meal (service quite slow) but meal worth waiting for. Highly reccommended.	
Oct 30 2009 	you wont be dissapointed.....	lovely hotel, wonderful breakfast.s..... well cooked and varied food.... lovely clean tables and linen. &quot;Stayed with a girl friend we went to see &quot;oliver&quot; which was fab... do go and see it...... all the theatres on your doorstep. There are also lots of restaurants all around.and the hotel is in a &quot;nice&quot; area. Yes we will be staying here again... ( one tip in the bedroon, dont move anything in the mini bar, unless you intend to drink it ! as you will be charged for it,, the dinks are electronically monitored.!!!)	
Oct 27 2009 	Impressive hotel!!!	I booked this hotel after a previous stay a couple of months before in a near by hotel- me and my partner had gone for a wonder around Covent garden and on the way back we walked passed this hotel and thought it looked quite impressive- I wasn't wrong!!!!On this trip I was visiting with my bestfriend for a 'girlie' weekend to celebrate my 30th b.day, on arrival we were promptly met by the hotel door staff who open our cab door, helped us from the cab and took our luggage-a very nice touch!We were early-arriving at approx 1.40 pm, we expected to have a wait to check in, however the girl on the desk was very quick, efficient and with in 2mins of arriving we were checked in and our luggage was even taken to our room ready and waiting for us!!!!Again-a nice touch!The room was on the 4th floor and was HUGE compared to other nice hotels I'd stayed in in the same area. It was spottlessly clean and the bathroom was nice too! It all felt quite luxaurious! I must admit, I too had been excited at the thought of molton brown bath products(the picture on the gallary photos mis- leads you into thinking this is standard for all rooms) and I was a bit dissapointed when I used the quite standard stuff that were provided.We had a twin room and I was supprised how big the single beds were-much larger than usual standard sized single beds. Our room was facing the front of the hotel and with it being quite a warm weekend we slept with the windows open (i hate air con) it was a tad noisy. The road had a number of bars and resteraunts on it and even a small night club so it was noisly untill the early hours of the morning but this really didnt bother us and we still had a great sleep but I can imagin it would bother some! However the simple solution is to shut the windows!the hotel has good aircon.The breakfast was ok, the first morning we went downstairs , the dinnig rooms are nice and the food was ok, good choice of the usual cooked foods , cerial, fruit etc. The sencond morning we had it delivered to the room-for a tray charge of £3 which I had no problems in paying-the food to be honest was much better when delivered! Oh and very prompt!The main benefit of this hotel is it's fantastic location. It's a 1min walk to holbourn tube station, and 5mins max from Coventgarden. And if you don't fancy the hustle and bustle of Coventgardens nightlife- Great queens street comes alive at night and has it's own pubs, bars and resteraunts right on the hotels doorstep!!!The only thing I though was a bit rubbish was at the bar.The prices-I wasnt shocked at all £20 for two drinks is almost standard in most central London hotels and Bars.What I didnt like was the cheeky charging for the bar services. We went to the bar for an afternoon cocktail, the girl asked us to sit down and she would bring it over as it was going to take a while to make. On arrival of the drinks and the bill there was an added chanrge of over £2 for the sservice of bringing it over!!!!! If you were spending the night in that bar, that service would be costly!!! The next night both me &amp; my friend looke quite ' tight' when the bar man said he would bring it over and we both said simutaniously NO we will wait for it thank you!Apart from that I can not fault this fab hotel, I have stayed in many hotels in and around covent garden and this is by far the best experience I have had! I would recomend this hotel to anyone	
Oct 23 2009 	Big rooms by London standards and good location	Rooms very spacious and spotless with modern furnishings. Bathroom not quite up to room standard with feeble shower. Service good apart from business center being out of order - no web access as I had no laptop.Helpful concierge and friendly staff. Overall very good value.	
Oct 20 2009 	Rooms were nice reception staff unfriendly/unhelpful	I booked this hotel after reading reviews on Tripadvisor. Someone raved about it and said the Moulton Brown Toiletries were a nice touch. The positives were, the rooms were nice and comfortable. However, there were toiletries but they were very sparse and not Moulton Brown. We arrived early and the the receptionist would not let us check in so we left our luggage there and wen for a walk around. At 1.30 they said we couldn't check in as the rooms were not ready, there were however several people checking in and going straight up. At 1.50 they said the room still wasn't ready, I said so it's not ready now but it will be in 10 minutes. Yes they said, I was pretty fed up as I was very tired. 2pm on the dot they let us up. The breakfast although plenty of it, was not good, the eggs were extremely underdone as were the sausages. The staff brought toast but we had no butter, I did ask for it but after getting fed up with waiting, took it off another table. Other minor things regarding breakfast. When we checked out I mentioned the Molton Brown toiletries and they said Oh you don't get them in a standard room. We were also hassled during our stay by a member of staff trying to sell us dinner. Prices in the bar very expensive. Two glasses of wine and a Southern Comfort £20. I would stay again but make sure I was in a better room so they let us in a bit earlier and would have to make sure they cooked the breakfast thoroughly. It is wihing walking distance of Covent Garden and Leicester Square.	
Oct 3 2009 	nice hotel but rude employee	Stayed in the Kingsway Hall Hotel hotel before and really liked it but the standard of service has fallen since then ! Anne Marie in reservations completely ignored me when I asked a question regarding the hotel rates. I felt really embarassed. When my parents arrived at the hotel they were informed that the hotel had 'over booked' and would have to move them to another hotel - not what you would expect from a four Star Hotel in London - shame because it really was a lovely place to stay the first time.	
Sep 21 2009 	Always Good!...Have used many times in past....	Having used this Hotel in central London many times in past for business and pleasure...I again intend to travel here at the start of October for business use. I have always chosen their delux room and have found it to be comfortable, with good nights sleep and good amenities. TV use for films when on business to pass the evening has amazing selection. Room service of good standard as to be expected.Breakfast typical hotel breakfast buffet. Staff friendly and approachable. there is NO swimming pool but excellent Hot tub, Sauna, Steam room and small Gym. Location good with easy walking distance for Trafalgar Square and Covent Garden. Holborn Tube station literaly 2 min walk away.	
Sep 21 2009 	Excellent Hotel.Great Staff	My wife and I chose this Hotel because of it's proximity to Covent Garden theatres and previous good reports on Trip Advisor.We were not disappointed.The rooms,although not huge,are beautifully appointed and spotlessly clean.Ours was on the side where traffic noise was minimal.On the Sunday,I mistakenly left the 'Do not disturb' sign on the door and on our return we found an uncleaned room but a note had been put under the door asking us to contact either housekeeping or reception which we did and the room was serviced completely within 15 minutes.Very impressive at 5.30 p.m on a Sunday.Breakfast was really good with plenty of choice and well cooked fresh food.Service was exemplary and for us this was what made Kingsway Hall special as all the staff in whatever department were so friendly and really made you feel they wanted to please you.Highly recommended.	
Sep 21 2009 	Nothing was too much trouble	I spent two nights at this hotel at the weekend with friends and we were very impressed with this hotel. The location is ideal for theatreland and Oxford Street and despite being so central was very quiet at night. It was my friend's 40th birthday and the hotel arranged champagne and chocs on arrival. They also arranged our theatre tickets and a 3 course meal in their Harlequin restaurant - all five of us ordered different things from the menu and there was not one negative comment about the meal. The three rooms were all close together and were very clean and had everything required. I have stayed at many hotels in London and have to say that the hotel staff were the friendliest and most helpful that I have come across. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel and would hope to stay here whenever I am in London.	
Sep 13 2009 	What a lovely relaxing place to stay	This hotel is one of London's little gems, situated just a short walk from Theatreland and Covent Garden. My husband and I stayed there for our 40th Wedding Anniversary and the staff could not have made it any better. Everyone there made us feel that we were the only guests around, they were helpful and attentive. Our room on the 7th floor was spacious with a great size bathroom, plenty of towels. The bed was king size and a flat screen television with chairs and a settee for you to relax on. Having stayed in quite a few of London's finest hotels I can only stay this little gem is well worth a visit. Family owned, this hotel is certainly on our list for another visit soon.	
Sep 10 2009 	Ideal Location	This is the second time we have stayed here and we thought we had got a very good deal for London. The room was nicely decorated and the minimum size of bed is a queen which is very good. The location is ideal for Covent Garden and not far from Holborn tube station or Covent tube station with plenty of restaurants and bars around.	
Sep 10 2009 	It's all about the service	The level of service in this hotel is excellent and the staff, from the cleaner to the concierge, were all very friendly and polite. Nothing seemed to be too much trouble and we felt looked after.Good bits :- the staff- the location : Ideal for the West End and all the shows/night life in that area- cleanliness : the room was virtually spotless, as were the public areas- facilities : everything we needed in the room was there ... tea making facilities, iron, hairdryer, tv, air-con (all hail the air-con!!!)- noise : on booking, I asked for a hotel at the back. It was 7 floors up and VERY quiet (except for our early rising room neighbours). Bad bits :- the breakfast : £16 (per head) is an absolute rip off. I've had far better breakfasts in Premier Inns and simple B&amp;Bs and wish I'd taken previous advice from TripAdvisor reviews and gone to the local patisserie (left out of the hotel, straight over the crossroad, then 50m or so on the right hand side). On the Sunday morning, the sausages were undercooked, the morning rolls were solid, and the hash browns chewy. Having just read again a previous review which was addressed by management on the 3rd (implying training had been improved), there's still huge room for improvement. On the second morning, the sausages were better, and we asked for a pot of tea saving us having to flag someone down whenever we wanted a top-up.- Deluxe rooms are supposed to come with Molton Brown products in the bathrooms. On arrival there were none (duly, and apologetically sorted) .... so make sure you get what you're paying for- Bathroom : it was a little tired. Everything was clean and worked, but the sealant could do with being replaced and the woodwork repainted.- the bed : it had a very thin and hard mattress. Not too much of a problem for us as we'd walked so much during the day that we could've slept on the floor, but I can totally appreciate how some may have struggledWith so many hotels to choose from in London I'd probably go somewhere else next time (mainly to get a better breakfast as it does after all set you up for the day). I would however have no problems recommending this hotel if you don't take breakfast.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great service great location!	The hotel is in a great location for Covent Garden, Theatreland and the West End shopping districts, but what really struck me about this hotel was the service. All the staff were very attentive and willing to go the extra mile and made me feel as though they genuinely cared about me and my stay at the hotel. Thanks, I would definately stay again and recommend this hotel.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great location.	As we drove into the taxi layby in front of the hotel we were impressed by the grand look of the frontage. On entering, we saw that the public areas are really grand too. Though early, we were checked in straight away and without fuss and directed to our room which was ready for us. On the 2nd floor, our room was overlooking the front of the hotel which made us wonder whether it would be noisy but it wasn't at all; good double glazing that opened too.As has been said, the lovely large bed was rock hard and didn't make for a very restful night. The room though was large enough to house plenty of storage and two easy chairs and was spotless.Within the wardrobe space there is a mini bar, iron, ironing board and hospitality tray - though no biscuits - this did not go down well with my hungry companion! There were though various teas, coffee and hot chocolate.In our bathroom there was only a shower over the bath. This was no problem to us but less mobile guests may want to bear this in mind. It was a massive step out of the deep bath out onto the floor after a shower. The hairdryer is in the bathroom too and is of the 'hot wind tunnel' variety. It dries your hair sure enough but don't expect to be able to style it if you are, like me, a layman in the coiffure blow dry stakes!The deal I secured was a good one (through GTA which, I found out AFTER I had booked, has had bad publicity but which I found fab!) included full breakfast. Charged separately this is priced at £16. Frankly, if you don't get a good deal my advice would be not to bother. There are so many places within a short distance offering far better fare at good prices.The hot food on offer was just OK. There was really nothing wrong with it (apart from the scrambled eggs which I am convinced were of the dried egg reconstituted variety - yuk!), it just wasn't, to my mind, £16 worth. Additionally, tea and coffee are served by waiting staff rather than pots being provided on tables. As waiting staff were also busy trying to clear tables this meant that we had to first get someone's attention then wait for them to go pick up a pot before they could re-appear with it to refill our cups. I can't believe that this method saves the hotel money but it does mean dissatisfied guests and unnecessary waiting around.Location, location, location, they say, is the most important thing in the property world. Well in hotels too! Five minutes from Covent Garden, the nearest underground stop and a plethora of restaurants, bars and bus stops, the Kingsway Hall is spot on.	
Aug 29 2009 	Excellent Location Clean Comfortable and Attentive Staff	We stayed here for one night as a base for a theatre trip. All staff were polite and helpful, the rooms were clean and beds comfortable, we did ask for a room away from the lift and this was incredibly quiet considering you are in the middle of London. There is a car park just around the corner which the hotel will supply a 25% discount voucher.Will definitely use this hotel again.	
Aug 28 2009 	Beautiful Hotel!!!	We decided to stay London when all of the flights home from our original trip to Scotland kept involving 10+ hr layover options there. We only had 3 days and wanted a hotel central to all the things we want to see. Kingsway Hall was the most affordable option and, as it turned out, the best one. This is a beautiful hotel! The room was relatively large, well thought out and had great bath products. The staff was wonderful and this is the first hotel I've ever stayed at with so much closet space and so many amenities. We loved the resturant and bar. Room service was fast and really good. There is not much of a view but we didn't see too many hotels there that would have one. For everything this place offered it was well worth the price and made us sorry we hadn't stayed in London longer. We will be going back and staying at the Kingsway Hall when we do.	
Aug 27 2009 	fab place	best hotel in london for price. great location for west end shows	
Aug 27 2009 	Great Choice	Very nice room, excellente breakfast , good location. A good choice.	
Aug 19 2009 	excellent choice	stayed at kingsway hall for one night on Sunday following a trip abroad- got excellent internet rate- room spacious, bed comfortable, breakfast adequate. excellent gym facility although gents steam room broken but no out of order sign apparent....friendly sfatt- would definitely return when in london	
Aug 16 2009 	Excellent! Top Class	stayed with my 8 yr old for a trip around lOndon. Aside from trying to move us to a sister 5 star hotel upon arrival (happens a lot in London!), i insisted on staying in Kingsway and am so thrilled I did. Excellent location, 1 min from Hoburn station and 2 min walk to Covent garden. Great food, huge bed and top class room. Staff brilliant and made my daughter very happy indeed. great area, can't recommend it enough. Will def be back. Lorraine and Aoibhe	
Aug 10 2009	Hotel was better before	We have stayed already many times in the Kingsway Hall hotel, but the last times we have been disappointed. The mattrasses were of a very bad quality, very soft and bended down to the middle. It took a very long time before the shower was hot, also the bath towels had a very strange smell. As if they were dried in the kitchen while somebody was cooking. Also, the continental breakfast is not what it used to be, no Danish pastry, no self-made bread.We are doubting if we will ever visit this hotel again, all though it is perfectly situated from all the West End theatres.	
Aug 9 2009 	Unexciting but good value 	I booked this hotel because it was walking distance from my function &amp; a very decent price compared with other hotels nearby. The taxi driver who collected me was a bit dodgy, but you can't blame the hotel! The lobby is swish and room service provided a relatively cheap midnight feast. But the room was nondescript: very ordinary and bland. For a brief stay or business trip, it does job, providing a good base and you don't pay over the odds. But if you're choosing it for a longer stay, maybe shop around for somewhere more interesting.	
Jul 25 2009 	Great value at price	I threw the Hotwire dice and this is the hotel I got. The price was fine... not great... for a standard room.I flew into London very late from Europe and had called ahead with my schedule.I got to the front desk after midnight and ended up with an upgraded room. It was similar to the room that appears on their site... big bed, couple chairs, desk, etc.The room was clean and well-appointed.It wasn't perfect. The room was next to the lift, so I might have heard folks come and go... if I had not been in so late and up early anyway. The clock on the TV was the only clock in the room and it had some burned out segments... so it was not useful.I did not pay the 15 GBP to use the internet... If I was paying full rate, this would be insulting.Others have complained about the light switches... and they are not kidding. The way the room is wired is a bit unusual. I had read some of the complaints, so I was prewarned... which was good. I was exhausted when I stepped into my room for the first time.The hotel is on the eastern border of Covent Garden. It was about 2 minutes away from the Holborn tube station. I figure it was about 20 minutes on foot from Piccadilly Circus, which is the 'west' side of the Theatre District...The hotel is near a few clubs, but the area is not seedy. I was not approached by somebody trying to sell me on going into their club. I cannot say the same about while walking around in Prague earlier in the week.	
Jul 22 2009	Very pleasant clean and comfortable.	I have just returned from my second stay at Kingsway Hall and enjoyed a very comfortable stay once more. All of the staff are friendly and helpful. I stayed with my daughter and for two ladies this hotel is in a good location, not too far from theatres, shops, restaurants. Our bedroom and bathroom were both very clean.	
Jul 16 2009 	Say "No" to Kingsway!	I just returned home from a stay at the Kingsway and I would NEVER stay there again! The lobby is nice, modern and well-maintained and the concierge was very helpful. The room, a superior King, was TINY! Regardless of the size, the bed was a nightmare...felt like sleeping on a cardboard block, the sheets were absolute polyster junk! They were super scratchy and uncomfortable. The bathroom left quite a bit to be desired....the sink was cracked (like many other reviewers had mentioned), the showerhead was gross, the caulking needed to be filled in. Ughh, cannot believe anyone would pay so much money to stay there. The location is nice, but not worth sleeping on such an awful bed though!	
Jul 7 2009 	A great stay	I was a bit apprehensive about this one - as the reviews were mixed - there were four of us in 2 rooms - and we were all really happy - clean well equipped superior rooms and great service. We had a pre-theatre meal in the restaurant - it was lovely and a good value set price. Great to walk to main attractions from here.	
Jun 30 2009 	Plush but a little pricey.	I'll keep this review short - Kingsway Hall is nice, clean, quiet and well-placed. A few things: the bathroom could do with a bit of a fix-up - the cracked basin and filthy shower-head especially; the mini-bar is obscenely overpriced and not kept in an actual refrigerator, just a black plastic box with a wood-panelled door (my £3.50 bottle of mineral water was warm); and the air-conditioning seemed not to work at all.Aside from these, the room was nicely decorated (though some may call it &quot;gaudy&quot;, and a little dark considering the lack of sunlight in a street-facing room) and the staff polite and accommodating. Good quality, even if a touch overpriced, in a well-connected part of town (a 10-minute walk to the West End and a 5-minute walk to Holborn Tube).	
Jun 28 2009	Good Hotel Excellent Location	The Kingsway Hall Hotel is a great place to stay when in central London. The food in the reastaurant is fine and room service not too extortionate. The Breakfast has a reasonable selection and is served until 10.00am. The bar area is small but is well stocked, and the staff friendly. The spa/gym area is also small, but clean and modern &amp; does not fell overcrowded as the hotel is not massive. I was slightly concerned on our room allocation, 301, as it was right next to the lift shft - but there was no noise whatsover. The room itself was a good size, had a large bed, sofa table and chairs. The bathroom was fairly standard but very clean and had everything you would need. The best thing about this hotel though is the location, a two minute walk from Covent Garden, surrounded by the theatre district and all the restaurans and bars etc. Holborn station equally close - so more options for the underground. Shop around for the best rate as some (including the hotels own booking page) don't include breakfast.	
Jun 25 2009 	Ideally placed for theatreland and covent garden	Stayed here for my first ever theatreland weekend . Reception had our luggage stored till check in time and we had a stroll through Covent Garden .Room not large but beautifully furnished no particular outlook as to the back of Hotel but quiet .Went to theatre Priscilla which was Fabulous walking distance from hotel once more passing through Covent Garden lots of things going on in the area .Had a problem with our key card and met both maintenance men who like all the staff were very polite .The concierge staff were particularly pleasant .Breakfast was good. Overall a good ambience . Ice bucket to take to your room not a problem . A sucessful first trip to theatreland and I would stay here again if I am lucky enough to make a return visit to London Theatreland	
Jun 17 2009 	Bitterly disappointed and will not stay again	This is a copy of the complain letter I wrote to the hotel after my recent stay last weekend:&quot;To whom it may concern,I thought it worth raising my opinion about my recent visit on the 13th of June in room 604. I booked a (what was supposed to be &quot;special&quot;) night at Kingsway Hall on the basis that I recently stayed (as a accompanying guest) in an executive double and expected my room that I booked to be of the same standard. Not so sadly as the case was.The room was much smaller than the one I previously stayed in (sorry I cannot remember previous room number) however my main and very serious complaint is about the bed. I am absolutely shocked that it's like a piece of compacted cardboard and feels far worse than any cheap budget hotel mattress. I'm in favour of a firm mattress however sadly that on the bed was no less than cheap, nasty and far beyond the &quot;sell by date&quot;.Secondly: the bedding inners was cheap and old polyester/hollow fibre (duvet &amp; pillow cases). Not even half decent and again simply felt cheap.I welcome any of your staff to personally try out this bed and give their honest opinion on whether they find it even remotely comfortable or luxurious and would love to know if they'd be willing to spend almost £200 to sleep in it - and then feel happy about it? Value for money?Furthermore I noted that the bottom of the bathroom door had paint peeling (no doubt from condensation but nonetheless) and the foot end of the bed was tatty and frayed. Again, none of this expected from this hotel or standard of room booked.One last thing worth mentioning: only one lift was working which caused absolute chaos in the morning. Going up and down for breakfast took about 20 minutes one way. Ridiculous.Do not think that I'm the complaining and fault finding kind however this has to be reported on. On this basis, I will not stay again and will not recommend anyone else to stay here.&quot;	
Jun 9 2009 	Excellent location	Stayed last Weekend for a very good rate of £99 per night , for a standard double( room only) , Second time we have stayed and as before found the staff and sevice first class, location is unbeatabe for westend shows and restaurants, only complaint was the extortionate prices in the bar £15 for two cups of coffee plus service charge put us off using each night. Plenty of bars all around the area and if your budget does not stretch to £15 for breakfast then there is a lovely French patisserie just down the road .	
Jun 3 2009 	Decent hotel for short business trip	I was familiar with the hotel and surrounding areas because I used to go to university near where it's situated. I never stayed in it until last year when my company put me up in it for a business trip.Rooms: pretty standard 4 star hotel rooms. Nothing amazing. Clean and well-equipped.Food: I only ate breakfast, but it was a fantastic English breakfast buffet and I ate my fill and left the dining area with a smileStaff: Front desk were helpful but a bit ill informed. I had a complaint about my telephone bill, which was only resolved about 5 hours later after I complained due to confusion amongst the staff.	
May 30 2009 	lovely hotel in great setting but a bit noisy at night 	we were upgraded to a delux room number 328, whuch was lovely but overlooked the main road and their was a lot of noise coming from bulding opposite until after 12 at night and starting again at about 7.30am. sounded like beer barrels being crashed about but when you looked out you couldn't see anyone! Room was lovely and spacious but bathroom sink had a large crack in it which put me off a bit especially when brushing my teeth. There was also a crack in the soap dish over the bath. The actual room was very nice and the beds quite comfortable although a bit hard. Breakfast was lovely and had loads of choice and all cooked well and presented well. All in all a nice stay and we would stay there again but would prefer a room not overlooking the main road and no cracks anywhere!!	
May 17 2009 	Great location friendly staff and very clean	Stay at Kingsway Hall Hotel during the easter holidays. The location is excellent very close to the tube station which was why I chose this hotel. Very central and easy to walk to convent garden and we also walked down to Buckingham Palace. The only complaint was the hairdryer. The breakfast was of good quality and the service was excellent. We checked in early about 12.30 which was really helpful. Definitely would stay in this hotel again.	
May 11 2009 	clean 	had a nice stay at the kingsway hall. close to holborn underground and within walking distance to covent gardens. room was very clean and tidy, staff made us feel welcomed from the time we arrived. breakfast is excellent and sets you up for the day. will stay here again when in london.	
May 10 2009 	Ideal	We stayed at The Kingsway Hall Hotel in May 2009 and found this hotel to be a very good experience. This is a 4 star hotel, situated very close to Holborn tube station and 8 £ away by taxi from St Pancras and Kingscross stations.Our room, no 406, was quiet, spacious and tastefully decorated. The bathroom was clean and spacious too. A welcome surprise from the poky rooms that most London hotels offer. Breakfast was in buffet style and was served a a bright and pleasant dining room.The hotel is located within walking distance of Covent Garden, Picadilly and Leicester square, all of which are close to Soho, China town, nightclubs and theatre land.We paid 180£ per night with breakfast for a double room with a king-size bed, all taxes included.This was a much newer and more comfortable hotel than Thistle Picadilly and if we were to visit London again we would gladly book it once more.	
May 4 2009 	Great location	My husband and I stayed at this hotel 5 years ago. We remembered the great location. Our experience exceed our expectations and our previous experince. We were given a quiet room on the 6th floor - room 623. We arrived at 9:00 (check-in is 14:00) - the hotel stored our luggage while we we went to Portobello market. The room was nicely furrnished with plenty of storage space. The location was superb - close to the theater district and restaurants, minutes from the Holborn tube stop on the Picadilly line. This line goes to Heathrow another convenience	
May 2 2009 	Good hotel excellent location to go sight seeing	Just after easter we visited London and had a 3 day stay at the Kingsway Hall hotel. The hotel is just a 5 minute walk from Holborn underground station and about 10 minutes walk to covent garden and seven Dials, which makes it a great location to go sight seeing in London. The staff was very friendly, rooms were of good quality and well equipped, but most important, the rooms were very tidy and clean. Do need to say that the walls are quite thin so if you have noisy neighbours...We had breakfast at the hotel, the buffet was very good, as was the serving staff.We have also enjoyed a good meal at the hotels restaurant. You might also want to check out the Italian restaurant, right across the street, Strada. The food there was very nice.We had a great stay and if we visit London again it would certainly be on our list.	
Apr 27 2009 	Classy hotel	I have just returned from a 3 night stay at Kingsway Hall with my husband and was very impressed. Firstly the hotel is a stones throw from Holborn underground which made it ver convenient. Check in was polite and efficient, we were early but were allowed to check in and our luggage was held so we could go off and familiarise ourselves with the area and just call back later for our keycard. The room was a deluxe double and had everything one could wish for although I agree about an earlier comment regarding hairdriers. Bring your own!! We didnt eat in the restaurant as there were so many places to choose from locally and I would say the one thing that drove us out to find alternatives was the prices in the bar. £6.50 plus service for a glass of wine was extortionate although we did have a nightcap after drinking elsewhere.Overall its not one of the cheapest hotels our 3 nights came to close on £500 and I am not sure I would pay as much again however this was a special occasion so worth it this time. The hotel was clean, staff friendly and efficient room quiet with all you could want. You just have to weigh up how much you are willing to pay in comparison to other hotels in the area.	
Apr 23 2009 	Very nice hotel great location	My wife and i stayed here for 4 nights in april 09. Hotel is in a brilliant location, only 5 minutes walk from covent garden, and a stone's throw from piccadilly and leicester square. Very happy overall, very helpful and friendly staff. Room was spotless. Only two negative things to report.1. Our &quot;queen&quot; bed was as hard as concrete, and not long enough (I'm only 6 foot tall).2. Once 8am comes the corridors get noisy with cleaning staff working and talking very loudly to each other.. But it's central london and one has to expect a little noise!Dont get me wrong this is a great hotel and i will stay again!TIP: Ask for a room on a high floor away from elevators and janitor's closets!!	
Apr 22 2009 	Elegance was overstated	Billed itself as being a hotel with posh elegance - not true. A clean, convenient hotel but certainly not in the elegant range. Close to Covent Garden was its best feature. Rooms usual size, bathrooms good, restaurant pricey, staff helpful.for price paid, think I could have done better.	
Apr 15 2009	Excellent Hotel	I stayed at the Kingsway Hall Hotel April 8th for 1 night with my mum. An excellent hotel, friendly and thoughtful staff, happy to chat and make you feel very welcome. Real Britich customer service, something that seems to be missing from a lot of hotels today. We didn't eat at the hotel but we did have a couple of drinks in the bar and found the staff in there very helpful and welcoming. Loved the nibbles served with drinks (shame mum managed to eat most of the little round crispy things whilst I was on the phone). Rooms were very clean and well equipped. Great location - just 8 minute walk to Covent garden. Drury lane runs at the end of the road and only 5 mins to Holborn tube station. Very impressed and will stay here again!	
Apr 15 2009 	Impressed	Was a bit worried about staying in a london hotel just because there are so many and had read a lot of bad reviews(not this one). But we were impressed from the start, staff were friendly and helpful and it was very clean and pleasantly decorated. Our room/ bathroom was a bit small but fine for our needs. we were more interested in cleanliness. Bed was comfy but pillows abit hard.We asked for a quiet room which we got, as we are light sleepers, and had no trouble.The jacuzzi was a godsend- perfect for after a long day walking round london. Breakfast was varied and nicely cooked with staff being very helpful and attentive.	
Apr 1 2009 	Fabulous Location for London sightseeing	My husband and I have just returned from wonderful sightseeing trip to London and stayed at the Kingsway Hall Hotel which is in Covent Garden. The location is ideal, a few minutes walk from the heart of Covent Garden but then it's only a short walk to Oxford Street, Chinatown and the west end theatres. If you want to go further afield the tube is about 100 yards away and there are taxi's right outside! The hotel itself is really well presented. When booking, I asked about the size of the bed and was immediatey upgrded to a luxury room. The room was a reasonable size but what we liked was the way it was organised, using the space well. Watch the mini-bar which is charged on removing items by sensor, we had two items on our bill which we had not indeed used. The super king sized bed was comfortable and the room clean with lots of space. Breakfast at over £15 was expensive but tasty and buffet style. We had drinks in the bar where the service was good but watch for the 10% service charge. Overall we had a wonderful stay and would definitely book the Kingsway Hall Hotel for our next trip.	
Mar 27 2009 	Great Location for Weeklong Stay	This hotel is very close to the Holborn tube station and a 10- to 15-minute walk from Covent Garden and Oxford Circus. The hotel's facade and lobby are attractive and welcoming. Check-in was easy and fast. The hotel staff was always friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean with nice linens and flat-screen TVs. The shower had good water pressure, and there was always hot water. The only oddity was the hairdryers, which were from a different age. I'd recommend bringing your own. The rooms have complimentary tea and coffee, plus the usual high-priced minibar items. There was a small convenience store across the street from the hotel where you could buy the same drinks and snacks for much less. I didn't try the hotel's restaurant, but it was often full of diners during mealtimes. Other reviewers have said the drink prices are steep. There are plenty of restaurants/bars close to the hotel on Kingsway and even more toward Covent Garden. There's even a grocery store nearby -- Sainsbury at Kingsway and High Holborn.I've stayed at several other London hotels and this was probably my favorite -- the location helps put it at the top of my list.	
Mar 22 2009 	An excellent Weekend	Just returned from our second stay at the Kingsway Hall Hotel and it was every bit as good as the first. Yes its expensive - but no more than other London hotels. The Location is great just 10 - 20 minutes away from Covent Garden, Oxford Street and Theatre Land. Our room was clean and reasonably sized. The Staff are excellent and couldn;t do enough for us. On Saturday night there were only 2 people working the bar and they were doing an excellent job as it was packed. Having stayed in other 4 star hotels were you could die of thirst before getting served even if you were the only people in the bar this was very refreshing. As for all london hotels the drinks are pricey but there are plenty of pubs nearby. For breakfast there is a fantastic Italian called Guido's just around the corner in Kingsway that does a brilliant full breakfast for £4.70. Next time we go to London we will stay at the Kingsway hall again.	
Mar 18 2009 	Excellent hotel close to theatreland	We stayed for one night at Kingswayhall Hotel as part of a theatre break.It's a lovely hotel and the room we were in was sumptuous. It was spotlessly clean and had everything we needed. Bed was massive and extremely comfortable. Bathroom was a hall of marble and spotless. Loads of storage space although as we were only there for one night our stuff looked a bit feeble.Usual TV, tea/coffee making facilities well, stocked mini bar, plenty of clean white fluffy towels. Wasn't any view apart from walls and windows but we did't go for a view. The room was quiet and very comfortable.We chose this hotel because of its closeness to theatreland as we went to see a show. We travelled to London by train and got a taxi from Waterloo to the hotel although there were tube stations within walking distance of the hotel.We arrived in the afternoon and went for a wander round to see how far it was to the theatre we needed and only took us 20 minutes. Its also only 10 minutes from Covent Garden with all the shops and cafes. The drinks are expensive but we expected that being in LOndon. We didn't eat in the main restaurant in the evening purely because we had already decided we were going to eat in a very nice restaurant right opposite. The menu looked very good though. The only thing that caught us by surprise was after the show we went back for a drink in the bar and were charged a £1 extra just for the barman to bring the drink to our table. Had we known this when he came up to us just as we sat at a table we would have gone to the bar and collected them ourselves. It's not something we're used to where we live so weren't expecting it. Breakfast was very good. Plenty of choice of just about everything you could want from full english, cereal, fresh fruit, ham, cheeses, pastries, yogharts etc etc etc.Staff were all friendly and helpful. I'd recommend this hotel to people who want somewhere to stay near the theatres.We had a lovely stay and would definately return.	
Mar 11 2009 	just do it.	i came into london on a saturday night and had planned on staying at the kingway hall. upon arriving at this lovely and conviently located hotel i found out it was fully booked, i had made a great mistake, from just the lobby you could tell the place was well maintained and definetly the place i want to stay. now the best part. even though i had no reservation and was not going to be staying the staff at the front desk called multiple hotels till they found me a place to stay, that is service and i have no doubt the guest there recieve the best. i made a mistake don't make it yours. my next trip will have notice and i just wanted to thank you so much for taking care of a very tried and needed visitor from new york. thanks again	
Mar 9 2009 	A real find	We booked through Laterooms.com for £99 a night. Absolute bargain!The hotel is wonderfully located between Covent Garden and Holborn. Stunning from the outside, pleasant staff and a really nice and quiet room. Top marks!	
Mar 3 2009 	Great Location Nice Rooms 	My wife wanted a weekend in London to celebrate her birthday, so after extensive search on the web, we found the Kingsway Hotel, which seemed to have good eviews on TripAdvisor, and also seemed to be located in a great part of Central London.London hotels are expensive; however the star ratings and the price you pay don’t always reflect the true quality of what you get. In this case, we paid about £115 for 1 night, and the hotel is rated 4 stars, and although it would be nice for the price to be cheaper, the quality of our (standard) room and the overall service was perfect.The good points: - Located across the road from Holborn Tube Station on the Central Line (we parked our car on the road near Redbridge Tube Station, which is also on the Central Line, and saved about £45 for 24 hour central London parking, and £8 congestion charge).- Located close to just about all central London attractions, either by foot, or 4 or 5 stops on the tube.- Some nice little cafe’s and restaurants close to the hotel. We found a nice healthy cafe called Abokado (Drury Lane) that did very unusual but tasty “sushi wraps”, great for lunch on the go.- Well furnished large rooms. The bathroom was slightly small, but enough room for 2 of us to move around each other.- Excellent service from the staff. A porter took our bag as soon as we entered the hotel, and carried it to the reception, where check-in was very quick. I ordered a few things at the reception desk, and they were delivered to our room within 10 minutes. We also requested a late check out, and we were quickly told “yes”.- Quiet rooms. No noise from street or surrounding rooms.The bad points:- The price of a standard room could be cheaper. But when you compare the price to other centrally located hotels, it is very reasonable, for a truly 4 star hotel.- Not much of a view from our standard room, but we didn't intend spending time looking out of the window!- All standard rooms come with a queen size bed, which was a bit small for a 6'2&quot; build like mine.We would certainly stay there again in the future.	
Feb 24 2009 	Cant say enough good things about this hotel	I researched quite diligently to find good accomodation in London and we were not disappointed. Considering the position, the overall standard of the rooms and facilities, we thought the price was fair (shop around though as different sites seem to do better deals). This was a most comfortable and warm place to return to after a day's sight seeing.	
Feb 22 2009 	ideal location for theatres.	having just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel my partner and i have nothing but praise for this hotel and its hard working staff. we booked this hotel for its very close proximity to the theatres,we were down there to see oliver(great show by the way)and the theatre was only a 10minute walk away.we paid £300 through superbreak.also included rail fair from durham, it also included full english breakfast.the choices were very good.we were in a double standard room,fair enough size with molten and brown products for your use, plenty tea and coffe making facilities,mini bar(which your billed for if you use any of the drinks etc)there was a hairdryer in the bathroom and a one in the bedroom. ironing board and iron located in the wardrobe,we only used the bar once and drink prices were the normal hotel prices. the restaurant is a reasonable size and we had no problem in getting seated.overall we had a great stay at this hotel and would defo use it again should we go back to see another show. its only a short 2 minute walk from holborn tube station,which in itself is only 2 stops from kings cross.	
Feb 22 2009 	Great location	Myself and my boyfriend stayed here for my birthday. We chose the hoetel for its great location - only a few minutes walk to covent garden and it was also only about a 20 min walk to her majestys theatre where we went to watch Phantom of the Opera. Before we went my boyfriend emailed to ask as it was my birthday could we have a room witht a view. When we arrived we hadn't got a good view but they had upgraded us to a superior double which was really nice. The room was lovely, very clean and really quiet at night. Breakfast was included in the price and was a really good hot buffet breakfast. Would definately stay here again because of the great location and good value for money.	
Feb 8 2009 	Great Location	Fantastic location - walking distance to Covent Garden etc. Great room - we paid a little more for Exec double and it was good to have sofa and 2 chairs in room. The bed was huge, if a little hard for us, but still okay. We looked out over a flat roof, but we didn't expect a view so that was fine. We didn't hear any noise at night - pobably the least noise ever in a hotel considering where we were! Staff good - our heating didin't seem to be working, but we were brought a powerful electric oil filled heater as soon as we mentioned it. We didn't have breakfast as it was £15 and there were so many cafes/restaurants nearby serving breakfast. Had sandwiches in hotel bar one evening and they were fine, but you do pay hotel prices for them! Overall, thoroughly good hotel, and we would go back.	
Jan 25 2009 	Great hotel well priced excellent location	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a few nights in jan 09 on the recommendation of a colleague.We have to agree with her on all that she said about this hotel: excellent value, great staff, very good location. Would definitely stay here on our return to London next time.	
Jan 21 2009 	value for money in the heart of london	We (a family of four with 2 teenagers) spent 2 nights at the kingsway hall. It's a good four star hotel with friendly staff. The fact that it's only a couple of minutes walking to covent garden, leicester square, soho, westend theatres etc makes it a perfect place to stay. Bus stop and tube are around the corner. Although the hotel is noting special (a regular four star) the location and the price (less then 90 euro a night for a double room) makes it highly recommendable. Because breakfast is over 15 euro a night there are not many people in the restaurant at morning. No problem: there are a dozen of nice places around the corner where you can have any breakfast you like for around 5 euro.	
Jan 17 2009 	Great Hotel	This hotel is in a great location on Covent Garden, the rooms are lovely very clean and the bath room is a nice size and is also clean. It is in great walking distance to all the theatres and shops and restaurants of an evening. The main entrance to the hotel is very posh with the butlers greeting you from your taxi and take your case for you. When you check in they are all foreign will however take your card again and they tell you they are not taking money but they actually said to my boyfriend they are just taking your card details for security reasons and we will secure €50 euros a night against it we did keep saying no we dont want you to take this out becuase we have already paid but they did persist on saying no it wont go out, then the next day sure enough we went to the bank and it had gone out it was only a few days after we arrived home did it return back into his bank account.However we did go back to London in June and we stayed in the Travel Lodge on Covent Garden which is slightly closer to the main centre of covent garden and it approx £50 a night cheeper and the rooms are pretty much the same, the hotel is lovely and the molton brown products are great.We just found this hotel to be abit pricey when there are cheeper options around the same area	
Jan 15 2009 	Girls getaway	My friend and I wanted a central hotel to meet at for a girls' shopping trip to London. This one fitted the bill - a stone's throw from Hoborn tube station and a few minutes' walk to Covent Garden.The room was fine - not huge and looking into an office block - but it was clean, quiet and warm. I did ask for a high floor having read reviews on Trip Advisor and I think this was a good idea.The only real criticism I have of the room is that the hairdryer was one of the old-fashioned 'vacuum cleaner tube' things that really are of no use to anyone.We ate out in Covent Garden but did have breakfast in the hotel. The breakfast room was very busy and quite noisy but we were seated straight away. The food was hot and plentiful although the staff were a bit forgetful and needed to be reminded to bring toast, coffee etc.For £100 B+B for the room, we thought the hotel was excellent value and in a brilliant position and I would definitely go there again.	
Jan 12 2009 	Great value comfortable and central location	I stayed with a friend at this hotel for 3 nights during a very cold spell in London. Fortunately this hotel is wonderfully well heated, unlike several I've stayed in.The room was not huge but comfortable, especially the beds, and tastefully furnished.The staff were pleasant and attentive without being overbearing. The buffet breakfast was very good with a wide range of hot and cold food, taken in a bright and airy restaurant area.Finally the location was ideal for Covent Garden and the West End (5 - 10 mins walk).The only slight downside to this hotel is that it is a little characterless in terms of decor and ambiance, but this is only a small gripe about an otherwise praiseworthy establishment.	
Jan 2 2009 	Great location lovely Hotel	Booked the Kingsway hall Hotel via Theatre Breaks and included two tickets to see Joseph at The Adelphi theatre. Total Cost of a night in the hotel B&amp;B with show tickets £188 excellent bargain. Would definitely recommed or return.Location- couldn't fault it Covent Gardens on the doorstep, ideal for the West End &amp; British Museum and a short 2 mins walk from Holborn tube station. fantastic location.Hotel appears virtually new with a modern interior, staff very friendly and helpful. Room was very big and immaculate, have stayed in other London Hotels with nowhere near the space. Two small crirticisms; our room was by the lifts and was a little noisy at night; secondly we had a window which overlooked a dirty roof area, could have done without the window! Very minor points neither greatly affected our stay.Stopped for breakfast which was buffet style all very nice, staff welcoming. Room is quite big so had a fair distance to walk to food but if anything this discouraged me from over indulging so was probably a good thing.Opposite was a little italian pizzeria, which although not grand looking served good tasty food and was reasonably priced, the hotel is surrounded by restaurants and coffee bars. Would definitely recommend the Kingsway hall perfect for the West End and Ballet.	
Dec 29 2008 	Amazing location good value for money	This hotel is about 5 minutes walk from the Royal Opera House, and about 10 minutes from the West End theatres. It's a great location for anyone staying in London for a night or two for the theatre or opera. There are plenty of good restaurants nearby. he hotel itself is a reasonable 4 star hotel - very clean, rather small rooms but comfortable and quiet, helpful staff but not enough of them to avoid delays at check in and check out. The prices are fair and it's reasonably good value for money.	
Dec 27 2008 	Perfect spot in London	We stayed at the Kingsway Hall Hotel over Christmas and had a wonderful time. Our booking was made directly with the hotel and less than GBP100 per night per room. The staff were very friendly, the rooms spacious and comfortable. The bathroom was rather small but immaculately clean with a good shower over the bath. The hotel has an elegant feel though the lobby is fairly small. We didn't use the restaurant but it looked nice and the prices were very reasonable (except breakfast!) compared to restaurants in the area. The hotel is in an excellent location 2 minutes from Holborn underground station so coming from Heathrow Airport you can just take the Piccadilly line and not have to change trains with your luggage! All the major sights and attractions are within easy walking distance - Covent Garden, Soho, Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square, London Eye, Southbank, Buckingham Palace, Oxford Street etc. etc. To venture further afield you can buy a day travel card for GBP7 and use all the London buses and tubes.TIPOn Christmas Day in London almost everything closes down (theatres, cinemas, museums, public transport, restaurants) but it is a fantastic opportunity to see the sights without the crowds. It is like walking in a huge film set! We did manage to find restaurants open for breakfast, lunch and dinner and otherwise could easily have eaten at the hotel where the Christmas 3 course meal (with Christmas crackers) was a reasonable GBP27.50.Overall we were very impressed and will definitely stay again.	
Dec 21 2008 	Lovely but......	We stayed at the Kingsway Hall one Saturday after finding our usual hotel was fully booked. On arriving, I have to say we were a little taken back at the bar prices; these are very high, even compared to other similar hotels in this location. However the hotel itself is lovely, clean and the staff extremely helpful.One point I would make to anyone thinking of booking. Check that your room is not opposite the club next door. Our room was not double glazed and you will need to enjoy a good thumping noise until 2am in order to appreciate it, otherwise take ear plugs!	
Dec 10 2008 	Nothing Special.	Sytayed at the kingsway on the basis of reviews from this site. I Must confess to being a little dissapointed. The location was superb but the hotel itself is nothing special. Our Delux room was small as was the bathroom - the two of you can not be using the bathroom at the same time. My pet hate is shower curtains - fit a shower screen. Breakfast served in the room was poor - No decaff tea, and the scrambled eggs were foul (no pun intended!). The lad who served the breakfast was very helpful though.All in all the hotel is expensive (I dont care where it is £200 a night is an expensive hotel) and is simply nothing special.	
Dec 5 2008 	Good Hotel great location for theatre land.	Stayed for just 1 night after booking for a show, Was early so was pleasently suprised that the room was available, room itself very clean and adaquetly equipped. Location is good in the heart of theatreland close to Covent Garden. Will definately use this hotel again next time when having a short break in London. Breakfast was included in the booking not bad but nothing special - booked thro Superbreak who did the complete deal, ie Train tickets, Theatre tickets and hotel .Top tip if going to the Hotel from Kings X or St Pancreas use a cab instead of the tube if your in a party of more than 2 its cheaper!!	
Nov 23 2008 	Great stay!	Just returned from a long weekend stay at the Kingsway Hall - which was great.The hotel is ideally located for theatre land and Covent Garden.The hotel itself is immaculately kept and the staff are a friendly bunch, more than willing to help.The room we had was situated on the top floor (requested when booking) and was lovely and peaceful. All facilities were present and correct with nothing missing, everything we needed was there.The breakfast was great and we made the most of the buffet, which was plentiful and varied - it keep us going until 5pm!On departure the hotel were happy to look after our case until later in the day, which meant that we would make the most of the day without lugging things around.All in all, highly recommended!	
Nov 6 2008 	Real Nice Place	Stopped here for 2 nights, Friday and Saturday. Really nice hotel, fantastic lacation right next to Covent Garden, nice clean room, very helpful staff, great breakfast. Will be using this hotel from now on when we go to London, which is fairly often	
Nov 1 2008	Nice hotel and great location close to Covent Garden	I stayed here with a group for 3 nights.The hotel is very nice, the staff was very polite and helpful. Our rooms were not ready at the time of check in, and they then offered us free drinks while we waited. It's not such a big deal, but I think it show's that they are interested in providing good service for their guest.The room was not large, but it was ok size for London, and it was clean and the bed was very good.We got a room towards the back, so it was rather quiet at night. We had no problems sleeping.The breakfast was quite expensive, but good. It's best to order in advance, because if you just showed up it cost 50% extra. The service was actually too much for me. I don't like so much attention when I'm eating. I can still put down my teacup by myself, I don't need &quot;slaves&quot; to do it. Others my enjoy this extra service.The location was perfect for me. Very close to cosy Covent Garden, and also only 5-10 minutes to Holborn station. They had a fitness senter, but I didn't try it. I think it was quite small.I missed a free internet computer in the recetion area, otherwise I can recommand this hotel for everybody.	
Oct 20 2008 	Great Location 	The hotel is in a great location for Covent Garden and Leicester Square. Check In was good and the room was clean and well furnished but had a small but functional bathroom.During the week that we stayed there the restaurant appeared empty at all times but this could be due the number of restaurants local to the hotel.The hotel i good value for a Mon-Thurs break in central London.	
Oct 19 2008 	superb hotel in a great location	Stayed here for a trip to see Joseph. Excellent hotel, room very confortable and the staff were all very helpful. We were able to leave our luggage before checking in and after we had checked out which was great. Brilliant location for theatres and covent garden. Breakfast excellent - filled us up for the day! Would definately stay again.	
Oct 19 2008 	EXCELLENT VALUE	If you want a quality hotel without paying a fortune this is the on to go foe. The location is perfect 500 metres from Holborn underground. The checkin was quick, room quiet considering london, and the staff very polite.The breakfast was very tasty and worth 2 or 3 trips at least.	
Oct 5 2008	excellent hotel	I have stayed at this hotel now four times over a 3 year period and always stay here when visiting London.The hotel is in an excellent location.Holburn tube station is just around the corner and after visiting the theartre at night we have just walked back to the hotel as the hotel is so central and in such a nice location for London.The breakfast is also delicious and you can eat as much as you want.I have always found the staff friendly and helpful.	
Oct 4 2008 	Fabulous Stay	Just returned from a two night stop over at this hotel and had a fabulous time, the rate I got was very good, especially as the hotel had a spa - very rare in inner London! The room was lovely, with a HUGE bed and a great bathroom. Lots of hanging space and the whole hotel had a very elegant decor, and to a high standard, which looks to have been renovatedx pretty recently. The spa was a great asset - although there isnt a pool there is a lovely jaquzzi, and both a male and female steam room. The only complaint I had was the price of the drinks in the bar, my 125ml glass of white wine cost over £6 and was awful!! We did not eat in the hotel so can't comment on the food, but the room service menu looked nice nd didn't seem too expensive - although the in room breakfast at £15 a head did seem a little steep. The concierge and door staff were very freindly and polite, and flagged a taxi whenever we wanted. The location is excellent, just a 2 minute walk to Covent Garden, and about 10 mins to Leicester Square. Although the location was good, there was virtually no traffic noise (our room was away from the road though) and transport links were great. All in all I would definately recommend this hotel	
Sep 22 2008 	Diabolical Customer Service	Booked this hotel because it is right next door to the venue at which I was a speaker over 2 days. On arrival I was informed that the hotel had experienced problems with its online booking system and as a result was over-booked, so I could not have a room. This despite it only being 2 in the afternoon.All they were prepared to offer me in recompense was a room at a sister hotel in Mayfair - a £10-£15 cab ride away. They would pay my cab ride there, but would offer no compensation for the six cab journeys I would now have to take to get to and from my event, not to mention the time wasted every day.Doubtless I was bumped in favour of someone paying a higher rate, since I had got a discounted rate through Laterooms.Disgraceful customer service presented with arrogance and a complete disregard for their guests. I couldn't recommend strongly enough that you stay away.	
Sep 15 2008 	What a pleasant surprise!	This is such a nice surprise. I am very critical of London hotels generally; you know poor facilities, over-priced, staff who scowl at you but this hotel is like a breath of fresh air. The staff are mostly Spanish and very pleasant They smile at you and have been well trained. The food is good although the room service tray lacked salt and pepper. The bar is just inside the front foyer and is a little impersonal with the staff needing a little training and stocking could have been better. I watched a soccer game on the large TV in there.The rooms are excellent with everything in working order and pretty minimalist which is nice. They have little touches like a notice that you can hang outside your door if you find something inoperative. Even though my room looked out over Great Queen Street, there was little or no traffic noise which is testimony to their excellent sound proofing.Finally, the location is just first class. Close to Covent Garden and with Holborn Tube station less than 5 minutes walk away this is a gem in a city where good hotels are hard to find under £400/night.	
Sep 15 2008 	Great hotel - Great location	Hi All. just returned from a week end stay at the Kingsway hall covet garden. We booked through the hotel website and got the room for 85 pounds per night. The hotel is one of the best we have stayed in round london. We had a huge room with a queen bed. Ensuite shower room. All in all room very comfortable. We didnt use the resturant so cannot comment on that. Bar nice that shows all sport events. You are located down great queen street about 5 minute walk from covent garden tube staition. Great location well worth a visit.	
Sep 12 2008 	Very Friendly Staff	Good Points: Friendly helpfull staff, clean room, nice decor, good breakfast. Close to Covant Garden etc.Bad Points: Was surprised that there were no biscuits in room and also no hand cream in bathroom given the price of hotel.	
Sep 8 2008 	Nice and Clean - booked through Laterooms.com	Good points:• Size of bed - very comfy • Price• Location – close to Covent Garden• General look of the place was good• Concierge very friendly• Bag hold • Nice building • Clean Bad points:• Hair dryer – take your own• Size of bathroom – small and a bit dated• Fridge / Mini bar didn’t workThe hotel was nice and clean, the staff were friendly but English wasn’t their first language so I found myself repeating every word. I ended up with 3 different engineers coming up to the room to fix the fridge because the receptionist couldn’t grasp what I was saying. I ordered a bottle of wine at the bar, the bar attendant didn’t even pour it for me and put £2.25 service charge on top for doing nothing!!! They also ran out of the specific champagne I ordered. I paid £99 for a double room which was good for London, it deserved its 4 stars though I didn’t try out the Jacuzzi or steam room. The hotel was being used for Z list Big Brother celebrities after the series finale this weekend.	
Sep 7 2008 	Qualitylocation and value all in one hotel	Just returned from a few days with my daughter at the Kingsway Hall Hotel. Excellent location close to Covent Garden, National Gallery, Oxford St and west end theatres. Hotel was spotlessly clean and maintained to a high standard. Breakfast was included in the price and very good with a continental or full English breakfast offered. All in all an excellent choice. I am very fussy and couldn't fault this hotel- would definitely stay here again!!	
Aug 31 2008 	Loved kingsway	Stayed for one night at this hotel to return to covent garden. Choose this hotel after having spent an night at the nearby travel lodge earlier in the year which was not a pleasant experience. After much searching found this hotel was priced very comparable to the travel lodge and was such a wonderful experience. I tend to be very fussy and found the hotel very clean the staff friendly and the only moan I could possibly have was that I had to remind the breakfast staff that I was still waiting for toast and when refilling the coffee they refilled my guest and did not ask me if I would like a refill also. So nice to be able to indulge in a little pleasure of surroundings and pay a very good price. Would recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to visit the covent garden area and feel indulged by their surroundings.	
Aug 15 2008 	Class Act	Perfect Location, near to Covent Garden. The bedroom was spotlessly clean, spacious, quiet and the bed was very comfortable.The jacuzzi and sauna in the basement was very welcome!I did not eat in the hotel, even though the restaurant seemed very good. It was because the hotel was in such a convenient positon to all the good restaurants in the Covent Garden areaI would definitely choose to stay here again when travelling to London.	
Aug 14 2008 	Great location and excellent value in a well run hotel.	Stayed at this hotel this week. Great location and very friendly welcome from the staff. The room, and in fact all the parts of the hotel I saw, were exceptionally clean and well maintained. The deluxe rooms are very large and well appointed, with kingsize beds. I asked for a room at the back of the hotel, as there is a nightclub next door and this could cause some late night noise as people leave - so this is worth considering if you are not out there joining in the fun!There is some work in the street outside, but the last phase is underway (and due to end in Dec.08) and there is very little noise from this now. One advantage is that the street is closed to traffic, (but not pedestrians), at the Kingsway end, so there is no through traffic noise.This is one of the better 4&quot; hotels in this part of the London, and represents good value.	
Aug 8 2008 	Really good hotel	Just spent two nights in this hotel and was very pleased. It has a very nice airy reception area with very attentive staff. Check in was very quick. We had a room on the second floor which was very nice, not huge but smart and well furnished. Very big bed and a nice bathroom.We had booked a delux room and realised on the second morning that we didn't seem to have got a delux room but we were happy with it and there wasn't much point in changing since we only had one night left. We were only charged for a standard room so that was ok. With breakfast for 2 nights it was £336.One tip would be avoid the bar as it is very very expensive, £7 for a pint of beer £10 for a glass of wine! This is a bit of a shame because the bar is very nice and well placed. Breakfast was good quality.I would reccomend this hotel, it's location is 5min walk from covent garden and british museum. We will stay there again when we got back to london.	
Jul 31 2008 	great location	Stayed for two nights to see Wicked. Difficulty finding hotel at first as the road is blocked off with roadworks on the kingsway approach. parked the car in NCP park street I think, and lugged our baggage five minute walk to hotel. Check in efficient. Lots of porters in reception area to help with luggage if required. Room a decent size, bathroom fine all up to 4 star standard. Unfortunately even though I had mentioned that we were a family our two daughters although on the same floor were away from us, not a major problems however, i like them a little closer. Did not take any meals in the hotel as not included in the price. However, there are plenty of places to eat close by. Covent Garden is a straight 5 minute walk away, location cannot be beaten and the price was the best I could find for this period. Maybe a little cheaper because of the road works. Ate at a fantastic Indian restaurant just out of the hotel turn left and top of the road (can't remember the name) on a parr with Benares and the chef used to work there, the food was divine and more reasonably priced than Benares. Ate al fresco the other evening in Covent Garden which was fine and great for people watching. The only disappointment was that my daughter found one of her evening tops missing from her bag. I spoke to the hotel manager and he undertook an investigation however, nothing has turned up so far. This did marr the visit and because of this I will not return.	
Jul 14 2008 	Shame About the Roadworks	The taxi couldn't get into the street because of road works and one way system so we had to walk the last bit, however, once we arrived we were warmly welcomed by very attentive staff.We were given a quiet room at the back on the 5th floor with iron and board, tea making facilities and a well stocked mini bar. The room was comfortable with air conditioning, adequate storage, plasma TV etc, although I found the bed and pillows rather hard.The great thing about the hotel is the location! Easy walk up to Oxford Street, Covent Garden etc and a tube station on the doorstep. There are numerous eateries within walking distance, but we chose to eat in the hotel on the second night due to fatigue. We had a lovely 3 course meal, couldn't fault the food or service, and used the £5.00 discount vouchers they had given us when we checked in. We thought it a shame that most guests had chosen to dine elsewhere and perhaps the passing trade was put off by the roadworks, because the restaurant was very quiet for a Saturday night. Oh and the barman makes an excellent mojito.I would definately stay here again when visiting London.	
Jul 7 2008 	Very central - great for British museum and Covent Garden 	Booked 2 nigts after reading TA reviews. Excellent central position, v clean rooms with comfortable beds. Took advice from a review and booked rooms at back of hotel so no noise at night from nightclub next door and that worked well. Air con was good and not too noisy. Staff v helpful and unobtrusive. Breakfast buffet very good. Only 5 min brisk walk from the best museum in Britain, the British Museum - fantastic ! Wife and daughters x 2, (18th birthday celebration for 1) hit the shops in CG and enjoyed the buzz there, ate in some good places in CG. We drove to the hotel (thank God for Sat Nav!) and parked in the NCP 3 mins away, £27 per day but safe and underground. We paid £159 for B&amp;B per night and given the position and quality thought this was good for Central London. Nice steam room and whirlpool. Stay there again - yes. Only moan was a mini bar charge for £6 for a bottle of wine we did not have, but this was removed with the comment, &quot;it automatically charges if you open the fridge&quot; - Excellent!!!	
Jun 25 2008 	great location excellent staff	We have stayed in a number of London hotels but this was probably the best location for Christmas shopping convenience it was close to Covent Garden and a jump on a very close tube to any of the other shopping districts. We asked for a quiet room and got one at the back, rubbish view( office block) but no noise. The rooms were extremely clean, a little snug, but well appointed.The staff were excellent attentive and welcoming but not intrusive.The only negative comment we had was the length of the beds which I know a couple of others had mentioned, we are not tall so didn't think it would be an issue but unless I had my head up against the headboard my feet were at the end of the bed. I would hate to be a 6 footer in the bed	
Jun 21 2008 	Good hotel	I have stayed at the Kingswood a couple of times now. This rates for me at least, as one of the best mid-range hotels I have stayed at in London.The location of the hotel is good, about 5 mins walk from Covent Garden.The rooms are average sized for London, but are clean, and well appointed with big bed and 440 satellite TV channels to view.I had only a snack in the bar (at very expensive London prices) and breakfast - both of which were fine.I look forward to returning to there shortly!	
Jun 20 2008 	fantastic hotel	although it caters mostly to business professionals, my grandaughter and I stayed for 7 nights and we were thrilled with the accommodations, staff, and the cleanliness of this hotel.It was clean, well appointed, quiet, and the staff was very friendly.I would stay there again in a heartbeatLeesmuffin@aol.com	
Jun 9 2008 	Extermely offensive hotel	Arriving late we discovered that we had been double sold. Even though the rooms had been booked by an hotel agent and secured witha card. The Staff were rude, with very poor English. They eventually found only one room at another more expensive hotel and suggetsed that I share witha complete stranger, they did not even offer to cover the difference in cost. We declined and went to the Marriott chain who looked after us in the manner only Marriotts can. In remonstrating with the management, they initally offered a weekend stay at their cost, then one room one night only and then withdrew totally. The staff and managemen were rude, used offensive language and were threatening.There are two hotels in this group with no managemnet chain, it is owned by an offshore fund and there is no redress whatsoever for badly treated guests. The sister hotel descirbes itself as 5 star however, the rooms are in a parlous state with threadbare carpets! I would advise anyone who considers either of these hotels to find an alternate!	
May 27 2008 	Comfortable hotel in my favorite part of London	I just returned from another stay at the Kingsway Hall hotel, my third in the last three years. Although lots of reviewers praise the location of Kingsway Hall for its convenience to Covent Garden, I am just as attracted by its walking distance to the British Musuem, to Bloomsbury, the areas around Lincoln's Inn Fields and to the western reaches of The City proper. And the nearby Holborn tube stop offers to you easy travel to both the Kensington area museums (Victoria and Albert) and the museums around Trafalgar Square.The hotel's web site makes it easy to find the days when affordable rates are available for quick stays. I spent the last two evenings there at GBP 75 plus taxes, which is a terrific deal, I think, for the quality of the hotel and the attentiveness of the staff that I have always experienced at Kigsway.As some reviewers have noted, there can be street revelry noise late at night when the clubs close out on Great Queen Street---so if you get one of the rooms (which I prefer) looking out onto the Great Queen Street, I suggest bringing along a pair of earplugs. This isn't something that particularly bothers me...but if you are a light sleeper, then either get a room on the back side of the hotel, or bring along some ear plugs, or head to a hotel in some of the really quiet areas of London such as Grosvenor Square.Note: when I stay in other areas of London, I usually take the Heathrow Express (out of Paddington Station) to get to Heathrow Airport. However, when staying at the Kingsway Hall I usually hop on the tube (Picaddilly Line) right at Holborn when it comes time to get to the airport---cheap and direct and very convenient (if you don't have tons of luggage).	
May 6 2008 	Fantastic location	We have just returned from a great weekend staying at this lovely hotel. It is superbly located as we had theatre tickets booked for the Friday &amp; Saturday night &amp; we were able to walk to both as well as having a lovely pre theatre dinner which was also within walking distance.Our room was lovely &amp; we had Moulton Brown toiletries which were replaced with new every day. Our room was kept very clean with fresh new bedding each day too.The food &amp; drinks were expensive but this is London &amp; it is no different to any other city centre hotel. Their customer service was exceptional &amp; we had our breakfast in our room both mornings. It was delivered when we had requested it &amp; was piping hot &amp; as we had ordered the night before. We also ordered room service one afternoon &amp; this too was lovely &amp; delivered to our door in 15 minutes.We stay in many hotels for work &amp; leisure &amp; this one was lovely. We would definitely stay here again when we come to London.	
Apr 26 2008 	Over-priced and over-rated!	If you are really looking for 4-star, this doesn't qualify. In room amenities in standard room are a joke - one small soap, shampoo and conditioner. I called about shoe shine and they just said they don't have it - no small kits, not even any advice on where to go. £15 for internet access in room, and £5 in the lobby (they claim on website free in lobby). £2.5 for a can of coke in the room! Walked into breakfast and had a £15.99 bill on my table before they even asked if I wanted breakfast - even though my booking said £10 breakfast. Had to grill them to find out possible to just pay for coffee and toast. At check-in they asked if I wanted a newspaper in the morning - and then noticed that they will charge at least £1.50. Only 7 working channels on the TV. Beds quite uncomfortable - lumpy. Colleague got delayed because of a flight cancellation and they refused to waive room fee - and then told people later in the day they were sold out for the evening (so I assume they collected twice for the room). Manager was totally inflexible - even seemed to be proud that they refused to help a guest who missed the cancellation cut-off by 23 min! Facility itself is nice, and very convenient. Seems though they count on high occupancy because of location and can soak customers without losing any business. I will not stay there again.	
Apr 21 2008	Very convienent	We stayed at the Kingsway because we had planned a night out in London.We booked the hotel through late Rooms as the hotel its self told us there was no rooms left for the night we wanted to stay. We paid £99 for 1 night. This is very reasonable for this area and for the type of hotel. We arrived before 2pm and was told the room will not be ready until 2.15pm so we had a drink in the bar £4.50 a pint and £7.50 for a short and mixer. Needless to say we only had one! When we got to the room I was pleasantly surprised. We only payed £99 for the room and I thought we may be in the smallest room with the oldest décor , but I was wrong. The room was clean comfortably decorated with a huge bed. So to summarize great location, friendly staff, clean rooms, great price (from Late Rooms) Expensive bar! We would stay here again.	
Apr 14 2008 	We enjoyed the Kingsway Hall Hotel	We recently stayed at the Kingsway Hall Hotel.The service was excellent, all of the staff were friendly and professional, the room was spotless, Molton Brown toiletries were an unexpected bonus. The breakfast was excellent, a good buffet choice which was continuously refilled.The location was very good, just 5 minutes walk from Covent Garden and Theatreland.Very good venue for a London break.	
Apr 14 2008 	Great Hotel in great location	I booked this hotel as part of a theatre break to see Billy Elliott, which was a belated xmas present for my mother.I arrived with my mother (76) on Saturday lunchtime, and was initially dissapointed at reception to be asked if i would like to be upgraded at another hotel in Bond Street. I declined as I did not want to pesent any hasstle on this trip to my mum. On saying this the hotel staff were excellent in the art of customer service, and made us feel extremely welcome. We went to the bar, and it was not too long before we realised why the bar was empty, but the hotel was over booked. 2 small glasses of wine = £20.00.If only there prices were in the real world, they would not only create a good atmosphere in a good bar, but would also make more profit.The hotel bedroom was comfortable, warm, and was quiet during the night, perhaps that was because we were at the rear of the hotel. I would definately stay there again, and would not hesitate in reccomending it, but be warned over the bar prices. We wanted a pre theatre meal, and booked a restaurant 1.5 miles away, called Pattersons, in Mill Street. This was a fantastic meal, and all the staff were excellent. They do a lot of fish choices, which is what we wanted. A little pricey, but we left without feeling we had been had over....... would def recc.Also for theatre goers, the Billy Elliot show is awesome.	
Apr 8 2008 	Great location	This was a very good hotel in a great location. As is often the case in London, the room wasn't very large, but we had a very comfortable king room with a sitting area, desk and flatscreen TV. The front desk, concierge, and bell staff were all very helpful.There are many restaurants, theatres, museums, and tons of shopping within easy walking distance. There is also a restaurant and a cute bar onsite. Accross the street is a convenience store, as well as a Starbucks.Especially for the price, this was a great hotel just a few blocks from the Underground.	
Apr 1 2008 	Don't go there	We booked a night at this hotel and decided to pay a bit extra for the deluxe room. After a night out at the theatre and a couple of drinks in the bar we went to our room which was freezing. The double glazing was broken and did not shut properly so it was noisy and there was a draft. Also the radiator in the bathroom was cold and there was no hot water. We phoned reception and we were told there were no other rooms, and that we would be given blankets to keep warm. I spent the night sleeping in my jumper! We refused to pay but they charged our card anyway!	
Mar 28 2008 	Amazing Hotel - confirm prices and bookings though!	Two of us just stayed at the Kingsway Hall Hotel and I have to say that it is an excellent hotel! I have stayed in lots of top London hotels and this is my favourite by far.A minor dissapointment was that although I booked through Kingsways own website, I arrived to find they had no details of my booking, however the staff sorted it for us very quickly.The other concern was that when I booked online, my final price was £139 for 1 night, however when I paid the follwing day I was told this didnt include the tax and was charged the extra. I understand tax but the website quotes TOTAL PRICE, so I do need to check this with the hotel.Right enough on those points, everything else was amazing, the rooms are great, the upgrade to executive double was so cheap that you would be mad not too, and the rooms are huge for London!The location to a tube is great and really useful.The hidden gem is the Jacuzzi on -1 which we had the pleasure of spending a few hours in, it was great and a real unique feature done really well.Finally the best ting was the staff. They were amazing during the stay and gave some great advice, excellent room service, and looked after everything we needed, it really was excellent!	
Mar 24 2008	Think again when booking the Kingsway Hall.	Booked this hotel online for the Easter weekend for my family and myself as it was so close to the theatres we had booked and Covent garden.When we arrived, despite having the reservation confirmed, we were told they were fully booked and we had been transferred to a partner hotel in Knightsbridge. Miles away from all our needs and in the most expensive part of town. £150 later for taxis back and forth to &quot;Theatre land&quot; etc. we left very disconsulate. We shall not book there again and advise anybody thinking of staying there to look elswhere.	
Mar 18 2008 	excellent hotel	i work as a travel agent and had booked this hotel due to its location.We was little worried seeing the reviews but i must say the hotel was first class and the staff were spot on,i was so impressed that we have booked to go again for january 2009 with a show.	
Mar 4 2008	Check and double check	I give up with this hotel. I've stayed many times as it is just round the corner from our London Office, but I now throw in the towel as last night, after confirming my booking during the day, I arrived to find that there were no rooms available - but they had booked me into their sister hotel in Mayfair! Having a meeting at our office at 07.30 this morning, I declined their offer and had to find myself another hotel. Over the years I've had windows that don't close, TV doesn't work, kettle doesn't work. They can never find my details on their computer - even though I've stood and watched them enter the information. Staying at a similar hotel near London Bridge at a similar price, I get magazines in the room, lots of milk cartons for tea / coffee (Kingsway only provides 2), 3 fresh apples in the room and a welcoming smile from the receptionist. I've put up with it because of the convenience of the location - but no more.	
Mar 3 2008 	Loved Kingsway Hall Hotel and staff	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Kingsway Hall Hotel for 2 nights and had a wonderful time. We stay in London quite frequently, however this was our first time at Kingsway Hall, we found the staff to be very friendly and always willing to help which is something often missing from London hotels. The location of this hotel is brilliant, we visited the Aldwych theatre one night and were able to walk there within 3 mins and then on to covent garden for dinner. Holborn tube is also minutes away so the tube is very accessible from this hotel.The facilities in the hotel are great, including a jacuzzi (which we had to ourselves), steam rooms, and a gym, all of which are included in the hotel rate.We didn't use the hotel restuarant or bar but these looked very nice and the prices seemed quite reasonable.I don't have any criticisms of this hotel, location was perfect, the room was spotless and stylishly furnished and the staff always went out of their way to help. There are 2 clubs close to the hotel which may bother some guests however we didn't hear any noise from our room and didn't find this an issue at all.We will definitely be returning to the Kingway Hall Hotel!!	
Mar 3 2008 	Great Break at the Kingsway Hotel	Just returned from a weekend stay at the Kingsway Hotel. I reviewed a lot of the reviews on the website, and after searching for other hotels decided to go with this one. We were very pleased after checking in. (Very efficient), room was great and was clean. The hotel itself was very easy to find, after catching the tube at Heathrow we stayed on until Holborn. Walked a short way down the street and found the hotel no problem. It's very centrally located and ideal to walk to Covent Garden, Leicester Square right up to Piccadilly Circus. Overall a great stay, bar prices were a little high, but hey that's what you get when you visit London. Overall, very pleased and would definitely be returning in the future.	
Feb 25 2008 	Love this hotel!!	This is our third time staying at this hotel and don't see the need to stay anywhere else in London!! The hotel is lovely with clean, comfortable rooms and is only five minutes walk from Covent Garden. We normally fly into Heathrow and get the Piccadilly line straight to Holborn tube station which is only a couple of minutes walk to the hotel.We had rooms at the front of the hotel this time and even though we stayed on Friday and Saturday nights, we didn't experience any undue noise from the street below!!We will definitely be returning to the Kingsway Hall and have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone else!!	
Feb 13 2008	Great	I booked this hotel for my boyfriends birthday for just one night. It was excellent. The rooms were big, although not the best view of office blocks. We had the jacuzzi to ourselves which was wonderful, and the staff were all very friendly. I ordered some balloons to be delivered to the room and when we arrived they were in the room- Brilliant service. I would definatley recommend this hotel, only round the corner from Drury Lane and a 5 minute walk from covent garden shopping!	
Feb 4 2008	Great hotel Beware Noise At Front.	Stayed at the Kingsway for the second time but forgot to take note of the advice that Trip Advisor made last time.'Don't stay in the front rooms of the hotel on a Friday or Saturday', there are two club which kick out at 3am and with smoking in the strret and beeping taxis it does not make for a great nights sleep.The hotel is clean in a great spot for Holborn station forget breakfast, too expensive, go to Weatherspoon £2.49 and next to Holborn station.Would still go back, BUT AT THE REAR ONLY !!!!	
Jan 21 2008 	Would Definintely Stay at Kingsway Hall Again!	After researching many hotels in London near Covent Garden, I finally selected Kingsway Hall Hotel, and I was thrilled. Room 427 was at the end of the hall with two twin beds and a pair of seats near the window. It was very large for a London hotel, and it was much larger than some US hotel rooms...I was surprised. The room and bathroom were spotless, there was a lot of closet space, a safe, a tea/coffee maker, bathroom with a tub, and really comfortable pillows and bedspread. It was walking distance from Covent Garden, the theaters, Strand and Oxford. It is only two blocks from the Holborn Underground station. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again! As far as price, it was pretty reasonable, with the average room rate from the hotel's website at about $200 per night. The &quot;gym&quot; is really, really small, so don't plan on working out there...there are plenty of gyms around town that have full service weights and work out machines. In any case..it's a great place.	
Jan 14 2008 	Central location and a lovely stay!	We booked this hotel at a great rate through londontown.co.uk which worked out at £94 per night. We were very impressed when we pulled up outside the hotel as it looked lovely and was in a very central location. However, there was a lot of confusion at check in with staff informing us that the rate of room per night was in fact £188 per night. Fortunately we had a print out of our online booking with us but they were unable to solve the problem until the following day which left us quite worried about the total amount they intended to charge us. The next morning, a different and more senior member of staff apologised for the error and agreed that the rate we received online was the correct rate, leaving us all feeling very relieved!The hotel was clean and very close Covent Gardens and Leicester Square. We walked into Oxford Street which was also within close proximity. The location of this hotel can definitely not be faulted!Rooms were also clean and tidy however both the bed and pillows were very hard and uncomfortable and with my boyfriend being 6ft 2 his feet dangled off the bottom the bed as he slept. We got a room at the front of the hotel which was noisy at night time especially with a few pubs and a nightclub entrance immediately opposite. Although the hotel can't be blamed for the level of noise made by people outside, the fact that there was fighting going on outside on the first night we stayed made me feel a bit uneasy. We didn't eat in the restaurant but did go to the hotel bar which was very very costly. A round of drinks for 4 of us set us back a very shocking £36! So be careful with checking prices before you order. Staff were relatively friendly and helpful although we were not at all demanding as customers.	
Jan 7 2008 	Overbooking is a massive problem at this hotel	Overbooking appears to be a massive problem at kingsway hall and hotel. Why on earth do they continue to take money from more people than they can accomodate?!We phoned the previous morning to let them know that we would be arriving late (as advised because of previous problems of overbooking) and the man on the front desk told us that our room had been reassigned and a taxi had been organised to take us to their sister hotel in mayfair. Had we wanted to stay in mayfair we certainly wouldnt have booked a hotel in covent garden.We booked this hotel purely because of the location which was perfect for what we had planned for the weekend and were consequently moved a good 20 minute walk away.This was largely inconvienient as our arrangements ment we had to be in covent garden. It took a good 40 minutes, just in travel time to return to the hotel and then get back to covent garden, and when you are only staying for a few days you want to make the most of your time. We are yet to recieve an apology, explanation or travel reinbursements from kingsway hall... not exactly what we'd call top notch service!	
Jan 3 2008 	Great hotel in a great location	Myself and my boyfriend stayed in this hotel for 2 nights over New Year. We booked the hotel through a website called Rooms2net.com and I would well recommend this website as it had the cheapest rates for this hotel on the internet and we had no problems at all with the check in etc. The rooms in the hotel were nice and had all the amenties you would expect. This was also the first hotel I have stayed in which every bedroom had a door bell instead of having to knock, which I thought was a really good idea!Our rate included a full-English breakfast on both mornings and there was a great selection of things to choose from. The staff were also very friendly.The hotel itself is a 2 minute walk from Holborn tube station- not Waterloo as stated on the website. I would well recommend this hotel as it is a great base for exploring London! We will deffo return!Laura	
Dec 8 2007 	GOOD HOTEL - Recommended	Lovely hotel - nice and clean and professonal staff. The bar is quite small for the size of hotel but overall would recommend.Close to Covent Garden and Holborn station which is easy to get to.Recommended.	
Dec 3 2007 	Great location shame about breakfast	Both me and my friend stayed at the Kingsway Hall Hotel as we had tickets for Dirty Dancing at Aldwych Theatre. Our overall impression from the outside and the reception area was wow. The porters were on hand to take your luggage and help you into the lift. Upon checking in, we were told that the twin room, I had provisonally booked a few months prior was booked up and that we would be accomodated to a double, thankfully we knew one another well enough that we agreed to stay in the double room.The decor inside the room needs updating, and the corridors can be loud at night as we heard doors constantly banging, not the best nights sleep we have had!!I would advise against booking the breakfast for £10 it was not very nice and not worth the money, there are various other places nearby to eat.The location of the hotel was great to theatre land, however it is only fair to comment that it is pricey especially the drinks two glasses of white wine in the bar cost £17.	
Nov 22 2007 	Quite a nice hotel but not worth the price	I booked this hotel through their own website and reserved by credit card, as part of a surprise birthday weekend for my sister. It was not cheap at £220 per night!!I even emailed them to request a &quot;nice&quot; twin room. When we arrived, the receptionist claimed not to have my booking. She was not very friendly. Finally she agreed to ring the phone number on my booking sheet. We were told that there was a booking, but that reception had made the mistake. Then we were charged more than I had reserved the room for!When we finally got to our &quot;nice&quot; room, it was tiny, it looked out onto the bins area at the back and it was freezing cold. I am not sure if the doubles were of a better standard, but this was poor.We were not there for the view and decided to make the best of it.I had booked the Ritz for tea, it was just wonderful. I arranged for a birthday cake for my sister (£25!) and the staff sang Happy Birthday to her. As the cake was too much for us, we took it back to the hotel to share with friends that night. We put it into the fridge and upon check-out we were charged £37.00!!! If you move items in the fridge, you are charged. We argued the fact that we had not consumed any mini-bar items and they finally agreed remove this charge.This is a lovely hotel, it is modern and it is so central with Covent garden being around the corner, but it didn't do itself any favours this weekend.I may consider staying here again, but I feel there is so much choice in London, this hotel should really treat its customers in a more professional manner, if they are looking for return business.	
Nov 8 2007 	Beware overbooking	Stayed at KH many times, arrived Friday 11pm to be told the hotel was overbooked. They appeared to think it was a privilege to be bounced into another hotel (their sister Westbury) in a part of London we hadn't wanted to stay in (Mayfair) because it had a whole extra star. And they were going to pay for the taxi to get us there! Eventually, after much protest, they then threw in a free breakfast. Except that when we got to the Westbury, the cab driver looked for his fare. The next morning, the Westbury were looking for the cost of the breakfast, as well as expecting us to check out. Despite our four day original reservation. Hopless management of overbooking. Ultimately only rescued by the charming front desk manager at the Westbury. No thanks to any of the KH's charming staff. Regarding breakfast: always poor and overpriced at the KH, Sainsbury's round the corner plus the kettle in your room a much better bet.	
Nov 4 2007	Great value for money in a superb location	My husband and I have stayed in Kingsway hall a number of times and would not consider staying anywhere else in London. While it is not cheap, it's fairly reasonable for london hotels, as cheap places tend to be nasty. we arrived on a flight from Dublin at around 11pm on fri 26th Oct. When we arrived in the reception area we quickly realised something was wrong as we were asked to take a seat instead of being checked in. We were then told by the duty manager that there had been problems with the reservations and our room ( and many others by the look of it) had been double booked. we were told we would be put up in their sister hotel the Westbury in Mayfair. We were naturally annoyed by this, and also worried that the hotel would not be as nice as the kingsway hall. we were transported by a taxi who's driver appeared to be even more of a tourist than us as he hadn't a clue where he was going. This was paid by the hotel but we felt that they should have paid for a proper london cab rather than a minicab to save a few pounds.We arrived to find the westbury a lovely hotel, very posh and nicer than kingsway hall . We found the hotel was 5 star, one more than Kingsway hall. Also they gave us free breakfast, and all at the same rate as kingsway hall. although the location wasn't as good as kingsway hall, it was still fairly central. all in all the weekend was a great success and Kingsway hall staff sorted the problem with double booking out as well as they possibly could.As stated above, we stayed in Kingsway hall before and it's a great location. The rooms are small but comfortable and you really feel like you are on your holidays as the staff are very attentive. the bar is very nice for a late night drink although a bit pricy, however i think it's probably average for london hotel bars.The location is amazing, very convenient for all the west end plays, and the pubs &amp; restaurants of covent garden &amp; leicester square. I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel to anyone and I fully intend staying there again.Also if you are flying to Heathrow, you can get the tube directly to Holborn station which is about 3 mins walk from Kingsway hall, so that saves the price of a taxi !	
Oct 27 2007 	Lovely hotel	Excellent hotel, good sized comfortable room (with enormous bed!) , good facilities and a great location for access to Covent Garden and theatres.	
Oct 21 2007 	Great location clean but cold and needs updating	stayed here on a Saturday night. Hotel is in an excellent location for central london being smack bang in the middle of Covent Garden. Rooms are a good size, with nice beds and beddings, and are very clean and well kept. Our low rate comes from two things. 1) the room was freezing cold, and nothing we did with the aircon, even turning it off, made any difference, and there was no spare blanket so it was a cold night. 2) the bar is a disappointment and needs updating big style. a real disappointment for a late night drink before bed - and check the prices, a glass of Rioja was around £10! Apart from this, it's a good hotel and i'd recommend it - but get them to sort out your aircon!	
Oct 4 2007	Excellent hotel. Not hesitation in recommending.	A late room booking for a Sunday evening saw me staying in this handy hotel for a single night at a decent rate of £99.Frankly i struggle to find anything bad to say about it - a really decent 4* hotel, nice staff, very comfy beds and a really good breakfast (ie. real rashers of bacon - not fat!) at a reasonable (for London) £15.50. I will make a point of staying here again if i can. Even the late shop opposite is a plus point if you need something last minute.	
Sep 15 2007 	best hotel I have stayed in London	Stayed here for 5 nights extended business trip few years ago and loved every minute of it!Fantastic hotel in my favourite part of London - Covent Garden.Looking forward to stay here again asap!	
Sep 12 2007 	ideal for Covent Garden and Holborn	(round the corner from Holborn tube station, accessible from Kings Cross on the Piccadilly line without changing, NCP parking nearby) combined with a neat design makes the Kingsway Hall ideal. The restaurant can cope with weekend breakfasts and pre- post- theatre dinners and the food is good. The bar is pleasant and there is some small, comfortable seating on the mezzanine. Rooms are small but have 2 armchairs and a glass topped table (good for room service). One gripe is the cost of internet access (£14 per day). Staff are attentive and helpful. Having stayed in many other hotels across London this is my favourite for its consistently high standards and location.	
Sep 11 2007 	Brilliant	A very well presented, medium size hotel. Perfect location, VERY clean, and with a nice feel about it. The Restaurant room is great too.	
Aug 26 2007	Perfect location	We have just returned after a two night break for my husbands birthday and although i have stayed at this hotel before with my daughter this visit will be memorable for different reasons. The hotel itself is fine and the perfect location for all the major attractions. Friday evening/sat morning we were woken up at different times during the early hours from people coming out of the connaught rooms just up the road but this mornings noise continued outside our window ( 6th floor ) until 5.30 am with cars hooting ALL the time people shouting, openly dealing from cars and urinating and vomiting on the pavement. My husband went to reception only to be told that fri and sat nights are the worst and that the council doesn't want to know and if the police are called they soon dissapear !! Although this isn't a problem caused by the hotel ,it definately has a knock on effect.Breakfast wasn't too well organised either with people having to wait for milk to be brought for cereal,cooked items taking a long time to be replaced and we waited 15 minutes for our pot of tea even though there seemed to be enough staff. We wouldn't return even though the staff were friendly and helpful. Very dissapointing.	
Aug 22 2007 	Covent Garden on your doorstep	My husband and I have just returned from a two night stay here and I feel I must share with others what a great hotel this is. We were in London for shopping/ theatre &amp; to celebrate our anniversary....we loved it. Our room was immaculate, spacious and had everything we needed. The breakfast was very good with a wide selection to suit all tastes. The staff were friendly and overall the hotel had a nice feel about it.Covent Garden is a few minutes stroll away and Leicester Square/ Oxford Street within easy walking distance. We didn't need to get on the tube once.If you love Covent Garden then this hotel is ideal.	
Aug 21 2007 	Remarkable service for a classified 3 star hotel in London	Date: 16th August 2007The service at this hotel was outstanding, the room tastefully decorated and comfortable and the breakfast first-class. I cannot understand the low rating by some reviewers. We've been in 4 star hotels all over the World and none have given such friendly service - they could not do enough to please. We've stayed in many London hotels over the years but this is the one we shall return to.	
Aug 19 2007 	Pleasantly Surprised	We booked a theatre weekend with Superbreaks including 2 nights at Kingsway Hall. We found the hotel to be excellent value for money and ideally located for a theatre break. The hotel was very clean and the staff were friendly and helpful. Most staff were eastern european and did not speak English fluently, but this did not have an impact on the service we received. The breakfast was included in the price and we found it to be really good. There was an excellent selection of both traditional English breakfast and continental buffet style breakfast. The rooms were more than satisfactory and had all the facilities we could wish for. The bathroom was clean but did have some rust on taps and mildew on tiles (not enough to complain about!). The only real negative was that we had a room at the front of the hotel and it was very noisy late at night due to nightclub over the road. If we had been staying for longer I would have certainly asked to be moved to a room away from the front. Overall, we were pleasantly surprised with the Kingsway Hall Hotel and would not hesitate to return for a weekend break.	
Aug 13 2007 	really liked the kingsway	i was surprised at some of the real negative reviews for this hotel.i have just come back from a 2 night stay, and really enjoyed my stay, the hotel was immaculate, and the room was quite spacious, and the breakfast excellentyes, the drimks, and food was quite pricey, but this is london after all, and there are plenty eating places nearby. i also found the staff very helpful, and friendly, so i would defintely go back again//	
Aug 3 2007 	Service That Leaves You COLD at a Very High Price	Let me first say that I really wanted to like this hotel because it's so convenient to a subsidiary office that I will be visiting from time-to-time and near all the great restaurants and shops of Covent Garden. Considering the price (214. + VAT) I (my company) paid approx. $500US per night--not surprising for London. The room was pretty average, although it was immaculately clean. The bed was comfy and the bathroom was a decent size, smaller than average but about right for London. The problem was the service. The heater in my room wasn't working so I slept with my raincoat and towels to keep warm. When I asked about this the next day I was told that the problem would be addressed, only to find out the next cold night that it was not. Again, another night paying $500. to pile on the large towels and extra clothes to their flimsy blanket to be able to sleep. When this was pointed out the following day I was told that I would be changing rooms and would receive an upgrade and to come back in the afternoon so the change could take place. I arrived when I was told to and the room was not ready. When it was ready it was not only not an upgrade...it was a room in a catergory below my first room and to add insult to injury....NO HEAT! I was too tired to go to another hotel so I stayed the night and when I pointed out the problem to the front desk staff in the morning all that I was told was &quot;thanks for alerting us to the problem.&quot; There was no apology, no attempt to compensate me for the very negative experience. In short, they just don't understand customer service. To underline the problem, as I was checking out a woman stormed out of the elevator exclaiming &quot;it has been three days and my key still does not work, you have promised me every single day that this would be fixed.&quot; For this price range I'm certain there are many other hotels that can deliver good facilites and professional service. I'll certainly be looking for such a hotel on my next visit because I have no desire ever to return to icy service of Kingsway Hall.	
Jul 31 2007 	Grossly disappointed	Looking for a midweek stay in London, the Kingsway Hall seemed to present the perfect mix of 4 star rating and a reasonable price. It offered a far better mid week price than other 4/5 star hotels which I have used for weekend stays, when the business clients are out of town, so we thought we'd give it a try.Positives -On arrival we were pleased with the location - close to tube and theatre district. The lobby was modern and spacious - however these qualities did not extend to the rooms. Our room was very clean. Negatives -Our room was tiny - even by London's standards. The bathroom was the size of a normal household cupboard.Disgusting blankets - rather than a duvet - I have never witnessed such a thing in a 4 star hotel!Loud creaking noises at night and in the morning - sounded like water pipes above and below.Furniture was old and a bit worn.The price in no way represented value for money.This is not a four star hotel by any means. I feel that our money would have been better spent staying at a travel inn. These at least are spacious and have such modern amenities as duvets!!! I would not stay here again and would not reccommend any one else to do so.	
Jul 23 2007 	A great place to stay for a Theatre Visit	We stayed for 1 night at the Kingsway Hall Hotel in London. The location is great - just 2 minutes walk from Holborn tube and about 10 minutes walk from the theatres. Despite how close it is to the hustle and bustle of busy London life we found it to be a very quiet and relaxing hotel. We chose to book an executive room which was lovely, very spacious and luxuriously furnished. I do agree with other reviwers though in that my feet hung over the bottom of the bed (and I'm only 5ft 2!) The sauna and Jacuzzi are situated on the lower ground floor and seems rarely used by other guests, we had it to ourselves during our visit. We ate in the restaurant for our pre-theatre dinner, the meal was lovely but we felt rather lonely being the only diners. I also agree that drinks are expensive but then this is London and to be expected. We decided against the £16 breakfast but it had been added to our bill on checkout anyway. But, was quickly removed when I queried it.	
Jul 23 2007 	If you want luxury give this hotel a miss!	First room that we were given at this hotel was unacceptable because of chrome off all bathroom fittings, vent fallen off and grout out of tiling plus more bits and pieces. We were then shown to another room two floors up which was not for us as it stank of cigarette smoke, this is made worse as the Kingsway Hall hotel is a no smoking hotel! Finally yet another floor and another room which was JUST acceptable, housekeeping here leaves a lot to be desired. Breakfast is served until 11am, we went down at 10:30 to no bowls, cold plates, table not set properly, cold toast, surly staff. Guess what ,next day this breakfast experience was repeated again with the buffet being just as bad. Speaking with management did nothing to alleviate any of the problems as the person I spoke with came over as disinterested. On the plus side the concierge staff are helpful and the hotel is in a good location.	
Jul 5 2007 	perfect	we stayed at the kingsway hall hotel on saturday 16th june for my husbands 40th birthday. The hotel was perfect for our stay clean and had all the things expected for a four star hotel, we went to see spamalot in the afternoon then went back to check in to our rooms, which were large and very clean. The only thing wrong with the hotel is the price of the drinks, soooo expensive, the staff were very good and we will stay here agian on our next trip. One thing i forgot, the breakfast is great, plenty of choice for even the most fussy of eaters.	
Jun 27 2007 	Great stay in the theatre district!	My husband and I stayed at the Kingsway Hall Hotel for one night. He was flying out from London in the morning, and so we decided to see a show and stay the night in London. This hotel was ideal for that! It's close to Leicester Square (about a 10-minute walk), where all the discount theatre ticket booths are. The hotel concierge can also book tickets for you, but only full-price tickets. The hotel is also close to many theatres, so you won't have a long walk back after the show. The Holburn tube stop is less than a 3 minute walk. I just can't say enough about the location - it was great!The staff at the hotel was friendly and helpful. Checking in and out were a breeze. The concierge was quite helpful, giving us maps and directions, offerring to book theatre tickets, etc. Everyone we came in contact with was kind and tried to make our stay as nice as possible. The room was a nice size, with a decent-sized bathroom. The bed was comfortable, and overall, the room was exactly what we expected. Our room faced the busy street, but we really weren't bothered by any noise in our room. When we got back from the show, we had planned to grab a bite to eat, but the hotel restaurant and bar were no longer serving food. We went to a couple of places nearby, but they had all stopped serving too. So, we went back to our room and ordered room service. The food was fine but quite expensive. So, if you're planning to eat after a show, find a restaurant quickly close to the theatre. Don't wait until you're back at the hotel!I would definitely recommend this hotel, whether you're staying for one night or more than a week. If you are planning to go to the theatre, this hotel is a particularly good choice. We really enjoyed our stay!	
Jun 17 2007 	Going to the theatre then book the Kingsway!	I have stayed in the Kinsway twice now in the last 5 weeks. On arriving the staff are efficient, wanting to take your bags, open doors etc. The first room l stayed was an executive double, which was huge! plus a very quiet room on the second floor, great if you don't do lifts! The room was more than enough space for me as l was travelling on my own. I booked the hotel for two nights as l was going to the theatre. The second room l booked was a deluxe double which was situated on the first floor, again the room was large, large enough for one! with a kingsize bed, ample bathroom area with lots of Molton Brown products. They offer room service which has a limited number of items you can have sent to your room between 11am and 6am. The restaurant, the Harlequin was great, no bother if you are on your own. They do a pre theatre 3 course meal for £14.95 which includes steak and chicken, or you go a la carte, which main meals start at around £10. This hotel is great for single, family or couples. Just a few minutes from Covent Garden which is wonderful, and jus down the road you have Stringfellows and the Ivy! if you are star spotting. Would highly recommend this hotel, you won't be disappointed.	
May 7 2007 	Peaceful haven in the heart of the City	We stayed at the Kingsway Hall Hotel for just one night, but wish it could have been more. We had booked to see Mamma Mia on Saturday night. The Hotel was only 14 mins walk to the Theatre. No tube required, so that was good news....This is one of the very few privately owned Hotels in the City and is central to all the Theatres in the West End.  We drove straight to the front of the Hotel and parked in the Lobby reception area. We were greeted by the Consierge who directed us to a car park on Drury Lane, about 2 mins walk away. He gave us a '20% off ' discount voucher for the NCP parking. Much cheaper than taking the tube from the outskirts of London. Our check-in was very quick and friendly, with smiling, helpfull staff to take your case and call the lift. On opening the door to our room ( which is always a worry if you don't know the Hotel ) we found it to be excellent, very quiet and relaxing. It was lovely, no stress. We had a huge King size bed and a TV area with sitee and two chairs. We would recommend that for the extra few pounds, you book a De Luxe room. The standard room on the front of the Hotel was smaller and possibly noisier. So, you get what you pay for.A good start to your stay is the superb 'afternoon tea'. You get tasty finger sandwiches, scones and cakes and of course the best English tea. The restaurant offer a 'pre-theatre' three course meal with wine for £19.95. This is much more relaxing than trying to fight for a meal in one of the establishments in or near Leicester Square. When, between 6 &amp; 7 pm about 12,000 people are looking to eat, without missing the start of their show......Try to book this Hotel direct, as they are very caring and listen to your requirements. Their aim seems to be customer service and satisfaction. They want you to return, you will only do this if you were happy with the experience. We were very happy and will go back to the Kingsway Hall Hotel.	
Apr 30 2007 	Theatre Break Hotel	This Hotel is centrally located only 5 mins from Convent Garden and many of the Theatres. We were there to watch the Lion King and this thearte was again 5 min walk away. The hotel is nice, with a nice entrance and Lobby. The room was clean and average size. bathroom a little small though but did the job. Did'nt indulge in breakfast at the hotel as it was £17pp So we took a nice stroll to the centre of covent garden and ate al fresco for £8 at the Rock Garden. Parking for the hotel is a bit of nightmare. The conciege directed us to parking on Muesem street approx 7/8min walk where as he could have directed us to Drury Lane which was 2 mins away.All in all a good stay, friendly reception staff and clean room.	
Apr 15 2007 	Theatre Break	I Stayed at this Hotel in March with my mother on a two day theatre break and found the reception staff very helpful when checking in. We found room service difficult to access that day. The room was clean and comfortablealthough a bit small for the price. The service in the hotel restaurant at breakfast was varied between overattentive( standing over your shoulder) or inattentive. However the service in the eveing was excellent. We found the concierge very helpful with travrl directions. Overall we found the stay a wonderful London break and would do it again!!!	
Apr 5 2007 	Great Hotel	Just returned from a theatre break, excellent location. I have never experienced such friendly staff at a hotel, they could not of been more helpful.The bedroom was a decent size and more importantly spotless! Lovely breakfast, but the highlight was the jacuzzi and steam room. We had it too ourselves and it was a perfect way to unwind.Would not hesitate in returning again.	
Apr 2 2007 	Great Location But Some Annoying Niggles	Booked this hotel through Supabreaks for a Theatre Break weekend with the girlfriend.On the positive side the location is excellent with only a 2 mins walk to the centre of Covent Garden with its myriad of pubs, clubs and restaurants. Despite the lively location no problems with noise when in your room.Front of the hotel looks very smart as does the lobby and the staff. The standard room we booked was of average size bur about what we had expected. Nice big bed but bathroom little on the small side. Want a big bathroom check out the De Vere Cavendish.Now for the host of annoying little things which mean we won't be returning in a hurry.On arrival the staff as one would expect ,offered to send our luggage to the room whilst we jumped in the lift. On arrival at the room we then waited about 20 mins and no sign of the luggage. In the end i had to phone down to reception before it was brought up.I don't ask much of the bathroom set up by how about a towel robe? Its not much to ask and very handy in the morning if like us you like the luxury of having breakfast delivered to your room. No robe and you end up having to quickly wrap a towel round you or bung quickly a pair of jeans.Now for the breakfast [---]. Perhaps not major but just bloody annoying. Sat morning we ordered full English for the room and this was duly delivered on time but by a young fellow who flunked charm school. Our experience of most hotels mean room service is normally delivered on a nice little trolley which means you can utilise the sapce in the room and eat in comfort. You know how it is chaps the missus has covered any table space with her West End shopping etc so the trolley is dead handy plus its easy to wheel out into the corridor for collection when your done. However, Mr Grump arrived with breakfast just on a tray and when i queried no trolley he failed to make any eye contact and and just grunted &quot;no trollies in the room&quot;. It then seemed to be a big deal when i took 2 nanoseconds to clear some space on the table for the tray. Still no eye contact and no basic sign of politeness so no tip for him!Now to the breakfast itself. When we had ordered it we specifically requested ketchup and brown sauce. Ketchup arrived but no sign of brown sauce. Basic stuff!Then we noted that there was no butter and no salt and pepper. More basic stuff! Sunday morning breakfast- This time we just ordered a continental style breakfast with just cereals,rolls etc. Friendly service this time but arrived 15 mins late! When i phoned down to query its late arrival i also got bounced round from the switchboard and to reception which gave me the impression that Room Service knew i was going to have a moan.The continental breakfast arrived and this time its major failing was not enough milk to handle the tea and cereal. We had to rinf down for more milk! They did remember the butter this time but curioulsy included salt &amp; pepper when it was obvioulsly not required. In conclusion the in romm breakfast service was just plain lazy with silly little mistakes meaning you had to either make do or call down to request what you wanted. Basic stuff for a 4 star hotel. Fortunately i must say the quality of the food was good.I might also add that there was a sneaky little £2 per person per breakfast supplement. Our booking was based on inclusive breakfast so this was a sneaky way of getting £8 from you just becuase you chose to have it in the room. My view is that if its delivered on time with basic manners i will tip to cover the extra effort.Having now experienced quite a few London hotels, i must have a little moan about how the Lounge bar area is designed. Its a bit on the small side and the main set of seating is set in a curious narrow passageway encompassing the glass frontage of the hotel. The end result is that the passing world gawps in as you sip your latte and the location of the main doors funnel the cold air directly down the passage where you are seating. Fancy a drink at the bar, best pop your fleece on!Now for the check out [---] on the Sunday morning. On the basis that i was not happy with the breakfast service i poiltely suggested that maybe they waive £4 worth of the sneaky supplement. They cheerily agreed to this but then presented the bill with the cost of two full breakfasts costing £16.95. DOH! With great difficulty i explained that our booking was inc breakfast and any discount i wanted was just to be applied to the £8 supplement i was expecting then to apply.In conclusion, a hotel we won't be returning to in a rush. Its location is great and on the basis of a proliferation of bars and restaurants nearby i guess you can'y complain if you just wanted somewhere comfortable to lay your head. However, if like me you like the whole pampering feel of a weekend away with your loved one, you may just get hacked off with the sloppy errors.The alternatives? Based on visits over the last 2 years i would recommend the De Vere Cavendish in Piccadilly.	
Mar 29 2007 	Must read this	I am not going to write a long review, but the most important things to remember about this hotel:1. Great, convenient location if you are not fussed about the service. Staff though is stressed out and badly trained.2. They tend to book guests out by overbooking hotel by 10-15 rooms so they can send you to their sister property Westbury Hotel. So do not believe excuses such as &quot; we had a family, a child got sick and we had to extend them so therefore we have to move you to our 5 star sister property. I had the same excuse at least three times.3. Do not be tempted by having a front of house view, you simply won't sleep. There is a night club in front of the hotel with some gang culture (they once closed off the area because of someone been shot in that bar). Instead ask for a back of house room which is much quieter.4. Hotel itself is in a great place about 5 minutes walking distance from Covent Garden to stay for it's location and is designed in a contemporary style.	
Mar 25 2007	Beds too short	If a bed is too short, it is too short and you can't get a good night's sleep. We moved to three different rooms each time told that the beds should be bigger; in the end we gave up as we had a show to go to and did not have time to move elsewhere. We are not giants - I'm just shy of 5ft 10&quot; but my feet stuck out of the end. We travel extensively and have never had a bed too short before.If this was the only issue, I would recommend this hotel to the vertically challenged, however our experience in the bar made up my mind about recommending it to anyone else.We had a cocktail in the bar - the barman did not know how to make it - it was not nice, yet still charged us £7.50. A few hours before my partner had had the same cocktail at the Dorchester - fabulous - for 50p more. We also had to challenge a mini bar bill - we had not even touched the mini bar.	
Mar 22 2007 	EXCELLENT hotel in the center of London	This place is a palace…a fabulous hotel in a fabulous location of London. The staff treated me like royalty, even though I had just a simple double room and was only staying for 5 nights. My room was not too small – just perfect as a cozy double. And it was well-laid out with AMPLE closets and drawers (always a problem in some hotels). I almost felt like I was “stealing” the room since I got such a good deal at www.hotels.com for this place. The bar was perfect for relaxing after long days of shopping and sightseeing. The concierge was helpful and accommodating. And housekeeping was very timely and attentive. Within a 5 minute was the Holborn tube station and less than 10 minutes was the Covent Garden station. All in all, this hotel highly accentuated my time in an already excellent city.	
Feb 19 2007 	good central hotel	When we arrived we had to wait half an hour because our room wasnt ready yet, we had requested a non- smoking deluxe room, when we went upstairs to our room it was stinking of smoke!, and it wasnt duluxe at all, i quickly called reception and they had us moved straight away. the breakfast was good. Other than the room mishap the kingsway hotel is good enough for a weekend break and i would stay again if i had to.	
Feb 8 2007	the best hotel to stay at in london is Kingsway hall hotel. its a great hotel	 and the best hotel in london is the Kingsway hall hotel, super location, excellent staff, perfect food, fab rooms, all in all its splendid. we will be back, it helped make our stay in london fantastic.	
Jan 24 2007 	Good Location Poor Restaurant	I stayed at the Kingsway hotel for one night in January. The room itself was large, however the curtains in the room wouldn't close to cover the entire window. The bathroom was quite small, but was very clean. The location of the hotel is very good, right in the niddle of the city with a 10 minute walk to Covent Garden.The real problem was with the restaurant. 3 of us went for a meal and it took 1.5 hours for a 2 course meal!!! We waited about 35 minutes for the dessert, which was absolutely ridiculous. The service charge was put on automatically which left very little room for complaint. All in all it was an ok hotel but I will not be returning there.	
Jan 23 2007 	Great location interesting service	We stayed here over new years. We booked a room through orbitz, it was an Run of House (ROH) room, which meant they were free to give us whatever room they had available, but we only paid 96 pounds/night. I tried to confirm our reservation by email beforehand, which was never responded to. When we checked in the only room they had available was in the front and had twin beds. The room was quite large and very clean. The woman who checked us in said that we could check back in the morning to see if there was another room available. After the effort it took to get the beds together, we just stayed put. My fiance is 6'3&quot; and his feet hung off the ends of the bed. The room was not very noisy, as I was expecting being at the front and fairly comfortable. The bathroom was very clean and large. The breakfast is not good and overpriced, as other reviews have indicated, though I forgot to pass this information on to my fiance and he too said it was terrible.The only problem arose when we needed to get to Stonehenge at 8am. The staff was useless when it came to renting a car, and didn't even return my first phone call. After we paid to use their computer and booked our own car we went out for the evening. When we returned they had slipped a packet of information about getting to Stonehenge under the door. Although not helpful, and too late, it was a nice gesture. The location is fabulous. Within walking distance of two tube stations, very close to covent gardens, there's a lot going on!	
Jan 15 2007 	Relaxed with great atmosphere	Loved the hotel. Looked a bit posh from outside which made me feel a bit nervous but the entrance was so welcoming and the staff were great. The website that we booked with hadn't made our reservations so the staff searched high and low to see if they could retrieve it. Which to be honest was not necessary I was happy to solve that problem when I returned home and just get booked into another room. The rooms were lovely. A little smaller than I imagined but plenty of room for me and my loved one. We spent a little longer in the room than the average couple because I'm pregnant and constantly tired. Never did it feel claustrophobic. The seating area in the room was great and the chairs were very comfortable. There was tea and coffee making facilities in our room which was a lot of people's bug bear in other reviews so they must listen to us. Would definetly stay again. Well worth the price	
Jan 8 2007 	Good Location Clean Adequate	We needed a hotel for one night before flying back home to Hong Kong after a Christmas/New Year trip visiting family and friends. We picked the Kingsway Hall Hotel as it was just within budget and within walking distance of where we were meeting friends that same evening. Good pointsThe hotel room we were given was clean and comfy (the bathroom was small, but adequate). The location was excellent. Tube station nearby (Holborn) and on Piccadilly line which goes direct to Heathrow. Bad pointsReception upon arrival was full of smoke as the nearby bar was not cordoned off in any way. We would have turned around and walked straight out if we had come off the streets looking for a room. The Bell Boy was a little abrupt and argumentative when we asked to have our bags back to take up to our room ourselves. We seemed to be asked for our credit card over and over again. Once to book the room online, once to put down a deposit, and once on check-out - all seemed a little confusing! Overall this was ok for one night in a central location - I wonder what else you can get for the money though.	
Jan 6 2007 	great location pleasant stay	I have stayed here a couple of times before, but not for some months. I found it just as pleasant as before - helpful, smiling staff, nice rooms, comfortable bar (especially important for a lone woman).It is in a really good location just east of Covent Garden, close to Holborn tube and lots of bus routes.Would be very happy to return.	
Dec 22 2006 	Not bad for London	After many disappointments, finally a London hotel that is OK. The location is outstanding, a few minutes walk to the West End, Covent Garden, etc. It was reasonably peaceful, despite a noisy office party in the main restaurant. The room was reasonably sized and well equiped, as was the bathroom.I was a bit annoyed at check-out. It's a big hotel and there were only 2 staff at the peak time. Considering that all the staff are foreigners working at minimum wage, the hotel could surely have afforded one person more.The hotel is pricey but every time I have booked something cheaper in London, it has been disgusting. At least here the hotel looks decent on the inside and staff were friendly.	
Dec 13 2006 	Great location!	We stayed here for one night as part of a Christmas evening out with work. The hotel were very helpful when organising a group booking and nothing was too much trouble, even organising champagne and canapes prior to our theatre trip.We stayed in a deluxe double room, which was extremely comfortable (although, as always for London, not that big). The Express Breakfast the following morning was also great.The location of the Kingsway Hall is really excellent, and only a five minute stroll from Covent Garden and theatreland.	
Dec 10 2006 	No sleep	We have just returned from staying one night at the Kingsway Hall. Initially things looked good, we had booked a deluxe room but when we it wre surprised how small it was. We were stifled with the heat in the room and could hardly breathe. We got back from our night out at the theatre about 11pm and were just settling down to bed when the disco immediately outside our bedroom window started up. Not only were we tormented with the noise until gone 2am, but having to shut the windows we were now choked with the heat of the room and blinded with the flashing blue disco lights coming through the curains. When we complained the next morning the Duty Manager couldn't be bothered to come and talk to us but conveyed a message to the receptionist that there would be no compensation in the price as we did not complain at the time of the problem. We were in bed and would not have fancied changing rooms at that time of night, but we could have been warned that the disco would disturb our sleep, there was no avoiding it, it was three yards from our bedroom window and maybe have been given the option of changing rooms earlier. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, yes the location is good for theatreland and Covent Garden but it is overpriced and not customer friendly. I do have serious concerns about our room category aswell. Finally a tip, don't breakfast in the hotel, there are plenty of good cafes nereby that are much cheaper.	
Nov 28 2006 	Adequate hotel with strange staff	We decided to give this place a try after reading some of the reviews here and looking at the website. Stayed over Thanksgiving for 3 nights in a standard twin room, non-smoking. I have travelled extensively and have had both good and bad experiences but felt the need to write about my experience here because I think that you could get better value for your money elsewhere in London. Needless to say, the room did not quite match the photos on the website.The room:Upon arrival, I was told that there were no non-smoking rooms available so we were going to be put into a converted smoking room and given the option of changing rooms if the smell was unacceptable. The room had a trace smell of smoke but otherwise was not a significant enough problem that I felt the need to change. I was disappointed to find that the bed did not have the duvet cover shown in the photos but had a blanket of the itchy wool variety that looked like it had not been washed or changed in a few years. The top cover of the bed was kind of brown and had holes. The pillows were so flat that we had to fold both of them in half to get a half decent comfort level. The air conditioning only blew hot air so we had to open the window which was okay when the breeze was blowing in the right direction. Otherwise, the room was uncomfortably warm. I would have preferred to have the window closed due to the occasional smell from restaurants wafting into the room but did not have the option because vent would not blow any cool air. The toilet sometimes flushed after 5 or 6 pumps of the handle which was odd given that the hotel bills itself as new so I wouldn't expect plumbing problems. The room itself was pretty clean but the decor was much darker and dated than the pictures on the website. The website seems to suggest very updated rooms but the room we got had a much more traditional look with dark wood desk/drawers and green furniture.The service:I don't typically use hotel services unless absolutely necessary but this time, had two weird experiences with the staff. I contacted the front desk to inquire about the air conditioning because I thought maybe they had turned off the cool air for energy reasons. However, the front desk lady indicated this was not the case and that someone would be sent to check my room. We were heading out for the evening so I went to the lobby to let the front desk lady know that we would not be in our room but that the repair person could enter to check on the air conditioning. I'm not sure if she misunderstood but she suddenly got extremely defensive and cut me off mid-sentence. I never raised my voice but she was getting increasingly hostile so I finally gave up and our a/c never did get checked. I figured we were only going to be there 3 nights so we could bear with the room temperature. Looking out our window, we could see every room had their window open (even though the hotel bills itself as having &quot;air conditioned&quot; rooms).The second weird experience was the night before check-out, we asked the man at the front desk to book a taxi for 7:45 to paddington station. We were going to take the heathrow express at which point he launched into a 15-minute pitch insisting that we should take the taxi. It was nearly midnight and I did not feel like debating the merits of taxi vs. train so we agreed on booking a taxi the next morning. Upon check-out the next morning, it was a confusing situation where he couldn't figure out which credit card to charge the room to and there were extra mini-bar charges on our bill despite the fact that we didn't even know our room had a mini-bar. The &quot;taxi&quot; to heathrow was not a normal taxi like you see around the city but was actually a private vehicle (old, dirty, late-model sedan) driven by someone who appeared to be the front desk guy's friend or relative. At that point, we were not in a position to call for another taxi because we needed to catch our flight. I truly feel that the guy at the front desk lied to us regarding the taxi situation as I don't expect the front desk staff of any hotel to harass guests about their transportation choices.Bottom line: While the location of the hotel was very good, the website is very misleading and the staff could use some customer service training. The rooms reminded me more of a motel, not a 4-star hotel. We paid a total of 445GBP for our entire stay and for that price, we have gotten better rooms and better service at De Vere Cavendish, Thistle Charing Cross or comparable hotel.	
Nov 11 2006 	gr8 Central Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for my friends hen w'end, was an EXCELLENT location, literally minutes from Covent Garden! The rooms were clean, the staff were very friendly and the champagne offer of £8.95 per glass with canapes bogof (buy one get one free) was a bonus.Due to the hotel being in such a fab location there was no need to use the tubes, theatre land was appox 10 minutes walk away, which is ideal if you want to have a browse or stop off for a refreshement break.We even had the english breakfast included in our 2 nite deal (£15.95!) which was buffet style - very nice indeed.There is no pool but the sauna facility is gr8 especially after a shopping trip!!Would defintely recomment hotel and WILL be coming back...Mychelle	
Nov 9 2006 	A good deal in Covent Garden	I booked this hotel for my birthday on a last minute deal. Having looked at various hotels on a number of websites, this seemed the nearest to Covent Garden and the most reasonably priced. The hotel is located a brisk 5 minute walk from Covent Garden in a nice and fairly quiet location. The lobby area was attractive and the Reception polite and efficient. The porters were very helpful and respectful. The room was a standard and not huge, but nicely decorated and immaculate. Unlike many 4 star hotels which offer discount rates, this was genuinely 4 star and felt special. I would certainly stay here again and would recommend it.	
Oct 29 2006 	great location and a nice hotel	stayed 1 night (sat 28th Oct) in the Kingsway. Took me ages to decide where to stay and finally opted for the kingsway ahead of the GEH based on it''s location and these reviews. My only concern was some of the negative feedback about noise etc.Arrived at 11.00, check-in is 2pm and was greated by pleasant staff who took care of my case. Arrived back after a monster shop and checked in. I booked an executive room (through laterooms £149) and asked to be at the back of the hotel given that there are two night clubs at the front.I stayed in room 501 which was very nice, sofa, chairs , table, queen bed and a nice sized bathroom with malton brown soaps etc. my only concern was it was located next to the lift, but I need not have worried as I never heard them.In summary a great hotel in a great location I had no complaints. If you are considering staying here I would reccomend it but ask to be located away from the front. oh and if you haven't seen mamma mia go it's brill	
Oct 27 2006 	5th wedding anniversary bliss	My husband booked this hotel for our 5th Wedding Anniversary for which we stayed one night - Sat 21 October. He booked it through an independent web site and we paid £106. We arrived early at the hotel and dropped our luggage and had a 5/10 mins walk to Covent Garden. My first impressions of the hotel and our room were very good (Room 310). The bedroom had everything you would want and we had to ask for nothing. The porter brought our bags up to the room and didnt expect a tip. Everything in the room was clean so we were very impressed. As an added bonus there were Molten Brown products in the bathroom. The next morning at breakfast we were seated promptly and the cooked breakfast was very nice indeed. The efficiency of the waiting staff at breakfast could have been better. They didn't think to bring us any milk or butter after bringing our toast and pot of tea ! ! ! We had to ask twice for this to be brought over. Check out was smooth and hassle free. We left our luggage for the day too whilst we went off to explore. We would book this hotel again without any hesitation whatsoever.	
Oct 16 2006 	Kingsway Hall - perfect location	Stayed here for 2 nights, better than average sized double room compared to other London hotels. Fantastic breakfast and really good location with covent garden 5 mins walk away. Saturday night was a bit noisy but you have to remember you are in the heart of London - not the city to visit for peace &amp; quiet! Staff kept a low profile but seemed friendly enough. Basically a great, comfortable place to stay, would recommend it - book online and not through the hotel website, you'll get much cheaper deals.	
Oct 9 2006	Wrong Room	We Stayed here in September 2006.I had booked a Deluxe Double Room with Queen Sized bed. The room we were given was a tiny double with a standard double bed.I went back to reception, expecting to just be moved to another room but the receptionist was having none of it. She argued with me and insisted that the room was correct. She refused to change it until I produced my email booking form with the room details on it.I was furious and wrote to the Resident Manager, Mr David Candillon,who promptly fobbed me off.I shall never stay here again.	
Sep 28 2006 	Sub-par Service	We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights at the beginning of our honeymoon and found the hotel staff to be completely indifferent and uninterested in helping us. The rooms were adequately clean and the size of the room was fine. However, the treatment we received from the staff led us to walk away from this hotel with a bad taste in our mouths. It wasn't that the staff was mean to us or treated us badly, they simply were not friendly and did not take any interest in going out of their way to be helpful. I would not stay here again.	
Aug 19 2006 	august 17th	We stayed here for one night and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves this hotel is very good value for money and we would come back the breakfast was lovely the hotel room was very clean and very nicely decorated with a modern clean bathroom we also enjoyed the jacuzzi . We would recommend this hotel for any type of business or pleasure .	
Aug 15 2006 	London Weekend	Again we enjoyed our stay here. The rooms are excellent. The breakfast is very good. We stayed here for 2 nights. Close to Convent Gardens. Lots of eating places nearby. Will look forward to our next trip to London.	
Aug 14 2006 	Good hotel - back office could be better	We have stayed here a few times, and love the location. Earlier visits have been let down by poor dining room practices, but they seem to have resolved this, with fine full English breakfasts using good quality products [to my simple tastes anyway]. Rooms are small, but upgrades (£20 pppn for deluxe, £40pppn exec) lead to a slightly bigger option, but I think take you further to the street front (bad!). Cleanliness is reasonable, with nice bedlinen but towels have seen better days. We contacted the hotel on a Sunday and were told reservations didn't work then, call back on Monday. Emails were ignored for days, and on arrival, we found that requests had been totally ignored ('high floor quiet room' was interpreted as a street front room on the first floor - the pub opposite and the Connaught Rooms disco next door finish about 0200, but seems like 0400 if you're facing them!)Apart from the above, the staff tend to be as helpful as possible [some of them have been there for a number of years, especially the doormen]. A couple of the waiters could have been slicker, especially one Filipino, but the waitresses more than made up for the men's laissez-faire attitude.The location is ideal, just a few minutes from Covent Garden, and well placed for the bottom of Oxford Street/Trafalgar Square/Embankment, and is a reasonable cost for what you get.	
Jul 25 2006 	Fantastic.	Stayed 1 night. Would stay longer. Agree that the twin room was quite small, asked for an upgrade which we got for an extra £20. Super. Bathroom was small but functional. Shortage of towels but a few where found in the wardrobe. Checking in seems to be a problem. arrived at 2 to find that the room wasn't ready. Asked for our luggage to be put into our room so there would be no hassle when we would eventually arrive.back. This wasn't done but was soon rectified. Location is amazing. Covent garden, subway and some wonderful eateries close by.Front staff and bell hop where fantastic, breakfast was gorgeous and plentiful and the best hot chocolate i have ever had in a hotel.	
Jul 23 2006 	Wouldn't go back	We stayed at the Kingsway Hall for one night as our usual hotel was fully booked.It wasn't value for money. Booking via the hotel's website, we paid GBP 149.00 - and it didn't include breakfast! The place we usually go to is a beautiful five star hotel and only costs an extra GBP 30 - and you get breakfast!The location was good and the hotel certainly looks impressive from the outside. The reception and lobby area were small and felt quite cheap; I was reminded of the some of the great budget hotels you find in Barcelona - and pay much less for.No parking is available on site but there is an NCP car park on Drury Lane which costs about GBP 25.00 per 24 hour period.Our room was tiny but was really clean and nicely furnished. It was at odds with the public part of the hotel though; the reception area is all light wood and is light and modern (but cheap) and the rooms more traditional. No thought seems to have to have been spent on interior design.We were disappointed to find the bar closed when we got back to the hotel just after 1am and found getting into the hotel a chore- the doors were locked and we had to fish out our key before they'd let us in.Check-out was a disaster! One person on reception dealing with a queue of at least ten people. The girl on reception didn't speak great English and was quite surly in her dealings with people. It took me 25 minutes to get to the front of the queue and out of the hotel.The staff were pretty rude and it all felt amateurish. It wasn't value for money and I won't be going back. For a special occasion, and at these prices, I'd recommend spending that extra GBP 30!	
Jul 23 2006 	The Kingsway was fine	Booked the Kingsway through Londontown(-). Got a very good rate for Jan. 2 and 3 (69 pounds plus tax). Checked in around 5:30 pm and had to wait 10 mins to check-in, front desk staff had to check something, not sure what. When I did get my room key and went up to the room on the 4th floor, found that it was being renovated and had a really nasty smell to it. Went back down with my luggage to the front desk, and staff apologized and immediately said I would be upgraded to a room on the 3rd floor. Room was nice, comfortable, larger than expected. TV did not have a sound, called housekeeper and she fixed it, I was impressed. As other reviewers have noted, the Kingsway is only a block from the Holborn tube, and there is a Sainsbury supermarket around the corner. But there is a lack of restaurants in the vicinity, so if you aren't eating in the hotel, you might have to walk to New Oxford St. to find a restaurant. Room service was relatively fast. The bathtub's water pressure was great but for the shower, just couldn't get the right temperature. And there were not enough towels in the bathroom. There was good lighting near the sink.All in all, for the rate that I paid, and staff were polite and courteous, the Kingsway is a good hotel to stay at.	
Jul 17 2006 	Good location possibly overpriced	I stayed here on business in July during a very busy period in London when many hotels were full, so I paid through the nose for a standard double room. (over £200!!! not including breakfast!)The room size for me was fine - I didn't find it too small. The room had a king size bed so was more than adequate in size, but it was REALLY hard. It was like sleeping on a camp bed, so if you like soft comfy beds stick to the Mariott. I didn't have problems with noise, but I had requested a quiet room away from the lifts and it overlooked Great Queen Street, which was not very noisy. Molton Brown toiletries in the bathroom were a good touch and the shower had pretty good pressure (room was on the 2nd floor). The room surprisingly had an iron as well as trouser press, which was unusual but welcome even if it was not very effective. Room seemed clean enough and the airconditioning seemed to work ok (but not great as room was a little warm although set to 20c). TV was very small. Staff were perfunctory.The location of this hotel is excellent especialy for tourists (eg Covent Garden, Leicester Square, the Thames etc). For those who need to be close to the City for business but want to be near to somewhere more lively, it's a good location. However, this is NOT by any means a luxury hotel by any means and I would hesitate to pay more than £150 per night for a double here again.	
Jul 13 2006 	Rooms minute staff unhelpful	This hotel looks grand from the outside, but the rooms are small, dark and dingy. We booked a twin room, and ended up with a tiny room with two single beds butted up against each other with absolutely no gap in the middle - if we had wanted a double bed, we would have requested one. The hotel claims it does not set beds against each other in this way, but it does. We politely requested a second room, and they told us there was nothing available, even though we then went on to a discount site and booked a second room in the hotel straight away.One expects a better quality of accommodation and service from a 4* hotel in central London - I have stayed in larger, brighter rooms in cheap hotel chains in London.	
Jul 3 2006	Good value for a very competitive price	Staid there from June 23 -25. The combination of a great location (5 minutes from Covent Garden) with a very competitive price of 99 pounds a night makes this hotel very attractive compared to other deals. The service was attentive, the rooms relatively spacious and very clean. Why not 5 stars? Just little things like low water pressure on the 7th floor, no phone book in the room, hairs of the cleaning service in the sink and the breakfast is compared to what you pay, not exactly a rip off, but I recommend to go somewhere else if you do not want to spend 15.25 pounds.	
Jul 2 2006	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Kingsway Hall for a long weekend (June 23 - 26) to celebrate my daughter's 16th Birthday. We arrived at about 12.30pm - the rooms were not ready, so we went for some lunch and returned after two. When we returned the rooms still weren't ready so the receptionist upgraded our room and offered us free drinks in the bar.Our room (mine and my husbands) was lovely and big (by London standards) with a sitting area and quiet aircon. My daughters' room was opposite and was a standard twin but still fine.The hotel was an oasis of peace and tranquillity, great to come back to after a day out. No drunken idiots shouting up and down the corridors, no screaming kids. Our room was just by the lift but I never heard a thing - quiet all night.We didn't eat in the restaurant (too expensive, not enough choice for veggies), but the breakfasts were the best I've had - well cooked, and no rubbery scrambled eggs.Staff were helpful but not the smiliest I've come across. There was only one problem while we were there - on the first night people with the same room card tried to get into the girls room (they had the chain on) at 11.30pm - my 18 yr old had to get up and tell them that they had the wrong room number. Then reception phoned 5 mins later to check who was in the room!They apologised the next morning, and the girls didn't let it spoil their trip. I didn't try the fitness area out so can't comment, but will do next time. I will definitely be back again - great location, around the corner from Holborn Tube, 5mins from Covent Garden - what more could you ask?	
Jun 12 2006	Great hotel location and price!	I went with my husband last 10th June to this hotel and I can’t be more pleased with our choice! We wanted to stay there as it was a convenient location for us due to a party we had nearby. So we follow other Tripadvisor reviews and booked a great deal with Laterooms.comHotel: Nice building, with a comfortable lobby area and restaurant. There is no parking in site, but they give you 25% discount in the nearest parking. As I was saying before, the location is perfect, only few minutes away from the main attractions, so you can walk easily to Trafalgar Square, Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, London Eye, etc. Also the area is full of shops, restaurants and theatres.Staff: Absolutely friendly, polite and professional.Room: Amazing! Spotless, king size bed, with all the amenities such as, a great minibar with affordable prices, TV, iron, massive closet, hairdryer, tea/coffee facilities, etc. The bathroom is also nice and wide, with a bath tube. Everything is perfectly clean, tidy and with care of detail.We are definitely coming back! Highly recommended!!!!	
Jun 11 2006	NIce stay at Kingsway Hall	If you are looking for an above-average, comfortable, modern hotel in a central location at a reasonable price, this is it. Based on previous reviews, we requested a room at the back of the hotel on an upper floor, and had no problems with noise--quite the contrary, I was surprised at how quiet it was for central London, and our window was open the whole time we were there. Hotel is in walking distance to all the major attractions (I regretted buying a week long pass for the tube after seeing just how close it is to theatres, museums, restaurants, concerts, etc.) Nice bar to relax in after a day of sightseeing or a show, good breakfast buffet and spotlessly clean. I would say this place is on the posh side without some of the pretense you might find at the &quot;next step up&quot; of hotel (ie, Ritz, Covent Garden or Savoy). The next step up of hotel would also probably cost you close to twice as much as the Kingsway Halll. Shop around on-line for a good price, as rates will vary quite a bit depending on where you book. I got a good deal on hoteldoorman[--]for 123.50 GBP, inclusive of tax and two breakfasts. You could easily pay as much as 40 GPB more per night, with no breakfast. The breakfast buffet is a full English breakfast, so my advise is to &quot;load up&quot; on eggs, bacon and bangers and skip lunch--you'll save the price of two meals (breakfast and lunch) each day, and can use the savings for a nice dinner. I wouldn't recommend eating dinner at the hotel, only because it was a little on the pricey side, and you can easily find a better deal within a block of the hotel.Rooms were a bit on the small side, particularly for a twin room, but that's par for the course for London or Europe for that matter. I was very happy here and would stay again.	
Jun 11 2006 	Convient and reasonably priced	Got a great weekend rate including excellent full English breakfast. Asked for and got a quiet room at the back of the hotel. Absolutley dark and quiet. Standard US three-prong 110 volt outlet. Internet connection via ethernet was reliable, but expensive and not particularly fast. Very short walk to Convent Garden and tube stops.	
Apr 30 2006	Taking care of small details would make this good hotel great.....	Just returned from an 8 night stay at the Kingsway and was overall very pleased. We were always greeted by the doorman, check in and check out was painless and all questions were answered quickly. I even emailed ahead with a question and it was answered that day. The staff you had direct contact with was perfect.Location couldn't be any better with the Holborn tube a 3 minute walk and Covent Garden 5 minutes in the other direction. A few pubs down the street which made the &quot;pub crawl&quot; no problem and easy to get back to the hotel after. An Italian restaurant across the street and quite a few others within walking distance so meals were never a problem either. Never used the in-room mini bar but with a store right across the street, why would you? Same for breakfast as Starbucks is 30 meters away and provided a quick stop for coffee/pastry before beginning the day.The hotel and room were both very clean and comfortable. We were on the 3rd floor, above the alley that separated the Kingway and the building next to us with noise never a problem. We did hear deliveries in the morning but by 8:30, you do expect that.Where I feel this hotel lacks is their willingness to take that extra step. It's almost as they are going cheap to save a few pounds but it is exactly those small details that keep them from being great.Upon check-in, if you ask &quot;what type of paper would you like to receive sir&quot;, I don't expect to find myself being charged for it. A pad of paper with two sheets by the phone (which was never replaced) and a small golf pencil instead of a pen to take notes. Before calling it a night, I enjoy watching TV. With fewer channels than my local Motel 6 and a television smaller than what I had in my college dorm 20 years ago, they took take of that problem for me. I started the week with a small hand towel so why not replace it when you take it? Most days we got one new bath towel, once got two, but then also got none at all. Well, considering these had more holes than softness, maybe they were doing me a favor. And if the housekeeping cart is full of the higher-end Molton Brown products, why not make sure these make it into every room?I was fortunate to have received an amazing rate through our travel agent so what I listed above was easier to overlook considering the pluses. If I was paying rack rate, or expecting everything to be inline with a top 4-star hotel, I'd be leaving a bit disappointed.If I can get another great deal, I'll be back next year. If they are expecting me to pay four-star hotel prices, then I'll be off to find another four-star hotel that will fit that bill.	
Apr 2 2006	Noisy noisy noisy	My husband and I took a weekend break at the Kingsway Hall Hotel. Although conveniently situated, our weekend was totally spoiled by the noise during the night. A nightclub opposite seemed to have no control or influence over it's customers. Their arrival and departure at the club disturbed us so much as the noise was overwhelming. Even with our windows closed and being extremely tired we were woken many times. If you choose this hotel get a room at the back. I would not stay there again unless this could be assurred. The hotel in every other respect was good. Reception, concierge and doormen, very helpful. Good staff, shame about the neighbours.	
Mar 22 2006	Disappointing	Yes, the location of Kingsway Hall is great but the noise and the hotel's response to it were unprofessional and completely unsatisfactory. A friend and I had a deluxe twin room over a Saturday night, March 18, and a nearby disco boomed music until 3 a.m., even past their prescribed 2 a.m. cutoff. I had been told that the hotel was full when my bag was brought up at 10 p.m. after we returned from the theatre. The next morning, when we complained to the manager on duty, the results were most disappointing, even unprofessional. Basically, she gave lame rationalizations: the disco isn't in the hotel, they called there and got the music stopped as soon as they knew it was a problem, we should have asked for another room, etc. I pointed out that it wasn't just the hotel building that you sign on for when you book a room, that it was 3 a.m. when the music finally stopped (and then loud and obnoxious alcoholics screamed and yelled for another 15 minutes as they left the disco), that she was blaming the victims. She offered a 10% rebate. Whoppee. She lacked empathy or professional expertise to deal with the situation, said they just didn't have this before (a lie), and we left extremely dissatisfied and fatigured because of a night from hell. On a very minor point, when we checked in at 12:15, our room wasn't ready. Perfectly understandable since check-in is 2 p.m. We left our luggage, the clerk on duty said he'd call my cell phone about 2 p.m. or thereabouts when the room was ready. He never did call. This is minor but symptomatic of the lack of professional etiquette and administation of Kingsway. We'll never stay there again.	
Mar 20 2006	great location but don't expect to shower!	We have been to this hotel twice mainly for it's great location to covent garden and the Royal Opera House. Generally the rooms have been fine however on our last visit my wife was half way through showering and the water went completly off. After phoning down to reception we were quickly moved to another room on a lower floor (hoping this may increase the water pressure). However after the shower being on for 30sec it again went off completely. Rather irrate at this point as we had dinner reservations (which we were late for and had to rush our meal) and the fact that my wife had been unsuccessfully trying to shower for 45 minutes I was told by reception that this was common in most hotels when large numbers of guests were trying to shower and to wait for 10 minutes and try again. We travel widely and this is the first time I have ever been in a hotel with any star rating (let alone a London 4/5 star hotel) where it has been physically impossible to take a shower for over 50 minutes. The staff weren't to blame as they responded quickly to all our requests but the managment need to sort out this unacceptable issue.	
Jan 30 2006	Will Definitely return!!!	We stayed at the Kingsway Hall from 27th - 29th January 2006. Location - absolutely fantastic, 5 mins to Covent Garden, 10 minutes to Leicester Sq and 15 mins to London Eye - didn't use public transport the entire weekend due to the brilliant location of this hotel.Check in/out - both very quick and very smooth - no unaccounted-for items on the mini bar as other travellers had encountered....Room - spacious, bright, very clean - 7th floor so lots of light getting in, and overlooking the back of the hotel so no noise from clubs/bars.Maid service - no problems, fresh towels daily, usual standard of service.Breakfast - Choice of continental and/or full english; delicious and service good. 2nd morning was very busy for breakfast, so instead of leaving guests queueing at the restaurant door, we waiting for 5 mins in the bar area, where coffee, fruit juice etc was set up to allow you to start your breakfast until a table was ready.Bar - very nice setting, prices not too bad for London, table service etc.Staff - all very pleasant and polite.Would absolutely return to this hotel.	
Jan 9 2006	Made this Phoenix couple happy!	We couldn't have been happier with the Kingsway Hall Hotel. My husband and I stayed there before Christmas last year on our way to visit my sister. We were there for about 4 nights and were overjoyed at our selection--after scanning hotel after hotel on the Internet. The location of this hotel is unbeatable for the price you pay: it's just a hop and skip from Covent Garden--we could saunter down for a crepe and a cup of tea in the morning--and a stone's throw from the Holborn tube, which makes it easy to get around the city. It's also not far from great pubs, shopping, and many of the parks London offers. The rooms were spacious and a nice surprise for what were were told to expect in European hotels. The bed was comfortable and the staff very professional. I look forward to staying at the Kingsway Hall Hotel on our next visit to London.	
Jan 8 2006	wouldn't reccomend	Were apprehensive about staying at this hotel as it took 2 weeks and 5 requests to actually get an e-mail confirmation that i had requested sent through to me. One female member of reservations was very rude to me, and i really felt like cancelling our booking.However as we didn't have time to find another hotel with such a good location at such short notice we reluctantly took our chances with the kingsway hall. Surprisingly found on arrival at the hotel all staff we came across were very freindly and proffesional.Location of hotel central, brilliant for theatre.Our room was small but fine as a base. When we got to our room We found a nasty stain on our top bed sheet, we reported it immediately to reception and put the sheet outside our door.. the sheet went..but was never replaced with a clean one. Apart from that the room was clean.Make sure you take your own toiletries as the kingway are very stingy with everything in the rooms towels,toiletries and tea bags/milk We didnt have shower gel and the tiny soap was never replaced. the 2 towels we were provided with were fraying and were never changed.We personally thought breakfast was awful compared to other hotels we have stayed in. The eggs weren't cooked properly which was offputting, and we had to ask for a cup of tea/coffee. Selection from the continental choice was limited and croissants/rolls were a bit stale. We didnt take breakfast on the second day even though we'd paid for it. If you can get a cheap price and are not bothered about breakfast or any luxuries, then this hotel is a good base,in a really good location. However we wouldn't be happy to reccomend it to our friends/family. We feel that the kingsway hall is more like a 3 star hotel.My husband and i had been really looking forward to this weekend away which was supposed to be a treat, and though we thought the show 'mama mia' which we came to watch was absolutely wonderful, some aspects of the hotel left our weekend away a little jaded.	
Jan 4 2006	Acceptable I guess	I stayed here around New Years because there was a pretty good deal on the internet. I'm not sure I would stay here again though but if I did it would be because of the relatively reasonable price and excellent location.I had just come from a trip in Spain where I had stayed at two hotels in Barcelona that were much better value than this but I guess that shouldn't have been a surprise. One thing that really bothered me about this place was that the room was nice but the bedding was worn and not entirely clean.The other problem I had was that I had had my wallet stolen in Barcelona and thus had no credit card when I checked into the Kingsway. They treated me like I was some kind of dodgy person and made me give them a big cash deposit. I discussed with them at that time that I had a very early morning flight on Monday, Jan 2. They told me that the Tube would not be running that early as it was a Bank Holiday and that I would probably have to take a very expensive cab.Two other staffers helped me very nicely over the next few days to try to locate a shuttle service but couldn't find one so I asked them to book the cab. They also agreed to apply my deposit to the price of the cab. Although they were very nice to me, neither of them appeared to have relayed this information to the person who was actually at the front desk very early that morning. At first, she refused to access my information on the computer, saying that it was down and that they would have to send me a check for my huge cash deposit. This was completely unacceptable for a variety of reasons but after my having to be a little bit difficult, they relented and somehow it only took five minutes to get the needed info from the computer!! This was all very unprofessional and not what I would expect from a London hotel. It all worked out eventually but the lack of communication with the staff and lack of consideration for my situation caused unneeded stress.And yes, the staff makes no effort to avoid you when cleaning the room. On New Years Day at about 10:30, they knocked on the door, although the Do Not Disturb sign was up, and asked if they could come in and get the ice bucket. I thought this was somewhat outrageous.So, I wouldn't recommend the place particularly but given how expensive London hotels are I would go there again maybe but with lower than my usual expectations.	
Dec 20 2005	A dissapointment but things turn out fine	I have stayed four times at Kingsway, an ideal hotel because of its location in Covent Garden. So a few weeks ago when I was there I was very dissapointed when they had let a room which I had booked with my credit card. They offered me a room somewhere in the Edgeware Road. This was after midnight, but I was adamant that I did not want to move to that area, definitely not one of my favorite places.So after I insisted they found me a place in the Chancery Court hotel, just around the corner - a very good hotel indeed. They promptly payed the price difference. So after all things turned out fine.	
Dec 7 2005	Highly recommended	This hotel was recommended to us by a friend and I must say, my wife and I were not disappointed. Tastefully decorated room, friendly staff and good food, especially the breakfasts.Ideally situated for the shops of Oxford Street or Covent Garden. The tube station at Holborn which was only 5 minutes walk away made access to the sights so easy. We noted some of the negative comments on Trip Advisor before we booked but none of them materialised as far as we were concerned, even the reported noise at the front of the hotel.We shall definately stay at this hotel again and would advise anyone to book it with confidence. Highly recommended.	
Nov 22 2005	Good Base	Our first time at this hotel, for a four night stay. We chose the Kingsway Hall for its situation, within easy walk of Covent Garden, theatres and restaurants and within minutes of Holborn tube. Reception was efficient, but staff carried on a conversation with each other whilst attending to us. However, room was good - much better than some others we have had at other hotels in London. Breakfast looked good, but was not up to much as most of the 'hot' food was only just warm. However, this seems to be a problem with most hotels that serve a buffet breakfast. All in all, pretty good for the price and location and we will probably use it again.	
Nov 21 2005	wear and tear	i have stayed here about 7 times in the last few years and always given it 5 stars , never had to complain about anything before .don`t get me wrong i still think its one of the best choices in london , and still some of the nicest staff and clean rooms , however this weekend , we checked in and had a very worn bed and no heating in our room , we were found another room within the hour . which was a better standard all round and warm ,i think some of the rooms now are showing a bit of wear and tear . which is a shame because its my favourite hotel in london and prices are going up they need to keep on top of the rooms	
Nov 8 2005	3rd visit this year - a little disappointed !	Well this was our 3rd visit to London as a Bithday suprise from my wife , My wife advised me trying to book it was the biggest obstacle as the tel operators at the hotel were so rude, we previously booked via the internet,When we arrived our room was not ready so we decided to go out and look around London, when we returned we went to our room and to say we were disappointed was a understatement, this room was very small compared to previous visits and the view was a brick wall! We asked if we could change the room,however the hotel was full so we decided to use this room ,(2 people in the bathroom was a no go )and the drainage was disgraceful,we called the desk and nobody ever turned up!.We decided to think that we were only stopping for 1 night that the hotel may notgive preference to a 1 night stop over .One of the best things was the restaurant we had a fantastic meal, and again the staff were very helpful , special mention to the concierge very helpful! .We have had 2 great stays and 1 not so good,however I think we will return next year	
Nov 8 2005	Great Hotel	Great location, close to Covenant Garden, Bloomsbury and all the theatres. Large rooms, especially for London. The hotel staff were great and were especially accomodating after our luggage was lost by the airline. Although, as others have said, the cleaning staff and particularly the staff who check the mini bar several times a day make no attempt to come in while you are out and that can be annoying, All in all, I would definitely stay here again!	
Nov 3 2005	Return visit	We made a return visit to the Kingsway because we had been so impressed with our first stay and although it wasn't as perfect it was still very good.We were in a party of 4 and booked in for 2 double rooms but unfortunately we were all allocated to one room. This proved to be a bit of a hassle because the hotel was moreorless full and finding another room took a while. Eventually we all got settled but my husband and I were woken at 6 a.m. by some peculiar noises that seemed to be coming from the bathroom. These occured every 20 minutes or so for the next couple of hours. We think it was probably something to do with the air conditioning and wondered whether we had been given a room that wasn't usually used.Despite this we still enjoyed our stay and still found the hotel to be spotlessly clean, modern, attractively furnished and conveniently placed for the West End theatres and shops.The staff were friendly and helpful and the breakfast once again provided extensive choices and was delicious.We will certainly book in again but probably under 2 different names next time to avoid a similar confusion!	
Oct 17 2005	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Kingsway Hall from September 26 through October 3, 2005. This hotel is modern with really nice rooms, it was a good size and comfortable with a good sized bathroom. The area was very nice, not too far to walk to the underground, shopping areas, Fleet Street, Covent Garden etc. The staff here was very polite and good at their jobs. Their concierges and porters were locals and extremely helpful with tourist information. There was a nice breakfast buffet and pleasant bar area. Would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Oct 14 2005	Great stay at Kingsway Hall!	We spent a long weekend in London last summer, and we loved this hotel!We had absolutely no complaints; the staff, location, and room/bathroom were all first rate. We highly recommend this hotel, and would not hesitate to stay here again anytime.	
Oct 11 2005	A paradise for masochists.	If you are a masochist, my friend, the Kingsway Hall Hotel in London is the place for you. I stayed there during my last visit in London, which was supposed to be my last escape before a hard academic year in Israel, and my vacation was turned into a hell (!!!) because of the attitude of the receptionists of this hotel. It took 10 minutes till one of the receptionists was ready to check me in. There was only one guest in the reception, one receptionist was very busy with her, and her colleague joined her talking to this guest, while I was falling apart with my baggage, waiting for someone to check me in. First, they gave me a temporary room on the 3rd floor, where almost all the other guests could have watched me. I arrived there almost at midnight, after a long flight, falling apart, and was sent to this room, where I couldn’t find a way to on turn the lights. It took some time till I was getting used to the dark and found my way to the phone. I called reception and they told me something about having to put the key in some box in order the lights to be turned on. After not being able to find it in the dark, while the door is open so that some light would get into the room and my baggage is used a door stopper, I called them again, and only at the 3rd time, they were “kind” enough to send someone to show me their special trick, which by the time he got to my room (15 minutes, spent in complete dark) I was able to find it out myself. After a few minutes, it turned out that the safe box cannot be closed. I called reception again. At first, it was the same guy, who was supposed to help me with the lights. He didn’t understand English whatsoever and thought I was talking about a password for the connection to the internet. The other one questioned my intelligence and finally told me that they don’t have a maintenance man working at nights. This guy, who was the duty manager, ensured me that he made a special note on the computer for my request for changing my room the next day to a room turning to the street on a higher floor. When I checked this in the morning, nobody knew anything about it and I had to start the whole story from the beginning, which turned out to be the norm in this place, so was the case with my safe box which couldn’t be locked. I was told to wait 15 minutes to the maintenance man, but after he hasn’t showed up in my room for over 30 minutes, I called reception again. Again, nobody knew what I was talking about and I waited another 30 minutes. They told me it’s important that I should be present in my room, since it is a safety matter. Another 30 minutes have passed and I re-called reception, the 3rd receptionist, not knowing anything about it, told me that they have a situation at the hotel so the maintenance man is busy at the moment. After 2 hours (!!!) he showed up and told me that since the repair of the safe box will take almost an hour, it would be better if I won’t stay in the room. It was almost noon since he came back, the receptionist gave me a temporary safe box behind the reception after trying to convince me that it is not needed since the repair of the safe box will last only a few seconds. At this stage, after spending half a day as a prisoner in my room, I thought I understood the general attitude of the hotel and seriously considered calling my travel agency and asking to move to another hotel. However, before that I emailed the hotel from an internet cafe, telling them the events of the last hours. I especially returned to the hotel in the afternoon, when they told me they will change my room. One receptionist couldn’t find the other key to open the safe box behind the reception, which I saw in my own eyes, but it is a sacred rule in the Kingsway Hall Hotel never to listen to a guest, so she left me in the small stuffing safe box room for 15 minutes till another receptionist showed her the other key. Indeed the new room looked much better, and even the safe could be locked and even opened, but… the air-conditioner was only cooling (it is the beginning of October we are talking about). I called reception a few times, they promised me over and over again to send someone to my room. I was trying to ask if their maintenance man is working at all in these hours, but nobody was listening to what I either have to say or ask. After a long additional wait, a short well-intentioned evening housekeeper showed up in my room, said the maintenance man doesn’t stay that long on Sundays and all she can offer is a heater and an additional blanket to help me pass the night. I went to the duty manager and was promised that this will be taken care of by the maintenance man first thing in the morning. This time I decided not to wait in my room till noon, but when I left my room at 11 a.m. nobody showed up in my room. I told that to the receptionist and she said she had passed my request to him. I emailed the hotel from an internet café once more, telling them I am freezing in my new room. When I got back I found a basket of fruits with a sincere apology from the reception manager, saying that everything was taken care of, that it is an isolated incident, that I will notice a marked improvement during the rest of my stay and that I should not hesitate calling him directly, should I require further assistance. That was really warming the heart but not the room, since the problem with the air-conditioner remained the same, and since they thought they had solved the problem, even the heater was removed. At least he was polite, unlike his rude receptionists. I called him and on the next time I returned to my room it was warm as hell and I found a way to open the windows to get some air. Now it didn’t cool whatsoever. The reception manager sent immediately the chief engineer, who was trying to be very helpful and made all kinds of tricks, including a very long technical explanation about their sophisticated air-conditioning computerized system, which is sometimes smarter than they are. I asked him to at least make the air-conditioner cooling and I will do with the heater and the blanket.As some of the other reviewers have written here, the housekeepers in this hotel are very “economic”, to say the least, and indeed one of them didn’t leave toilet paper, tea, sugar, milk and more. It was late in the evening, so there was no point calling the rescuing reception manager, but then a miracle has happened, and after calling reception they sent me all what was missing within 15 minutes. Full of optimism, the next day I returned from a long walk, dreaming about an afternoon tea, passing near a Starbuck coffeshop, where they invite you to relax in their comfortable seats downstairs, but I was sure I am going to have my afternoon tea in the comfortable armchair in my room (and indeed they are comfortable)… but then it turned out that this time the housekeeper was “economic” about the milk. After my last night miracle, I called the reception, asking them to send me the missing milk. I did it twice, each time waiting for 45 minutes, each time the receptionist promised to send it, but NADA. Don’t draw any conclusions from miracles. They are positive things, which happen only one time. The workers in the Kingsway Hall Hotel have their own agenda. They completely ignore the “Do not disturb” note you hang on the door, and trying to open the door when you are in the toilets whenever they want to clean the room, check up the mini-bar, or simply throw you out of your room because of formal check-out time (even though the reception manager gave me two additional complementary hours on my last day since I had a very late flight). The chain in the door simply saved me in all these cases. And now we reach the finale: I thought that maybe I deserve some “happy end”. In the Kingsway Hall Hotel they encourage you in every possible way to use the fast checking-out, in which you fill in a form, which can be found all around the place (room, reception, etc.), leaving your credit card number, which allow them to charge you for whatever they like. NEVER but NEVER use it! Here is my “happy end”. Indeed it was “happy” because for the first time the receptionist had all the time in the world for me. I pre-paid for my staying (otherwise I wouldn’t have stayed there after the first night) but their bill showed the enormous sum of almost GBP 250.00 for: (1) accommodation, which was explained to me as an upgrading which has never been taken place, and (2) mini-bar which has never been used. A long inquiry, in which I had to remember the number of my first room, resulted in dropping this charge. It’s hard to tell whether the receptionists were more indifferent or more inefficient during my stay, but this apathetic creature has become very efficient about the mini-bar. She called the “economic” housekeeper to check my room mini-bar and only after a thorough examination and a lot of mistrust, she finally dismissed me to the taxi, which the kind concierge ordered for me and was waiting for me during all this interrogation. They really must have returning masochist guests, because she told me they hope to see me again. And what can I say? I may be tempted to return there because the location is great, the rooms are big, and they have great basic amenities. Pity that they turn them to torturing instruments.	
Sep 27 2005	Excellent Kingsway Hall	My Husband and I stayed at this hotel for the second time in 18 months. The hotel is clean, is in an excellent location within walking distance of Covent Garden and West end, has lovely facilities and is really excellent value for money. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to visit London, it really is a good value 4* hotel.We have previously eaten in the restraunt which is also worth a try if you do not feel like going looking, although there are many really nice restraunts within a 10 min walk.When my husband arrived to check at about 10 am this was too early as the room was not ready but the hotel staff were really helpful they took the bags, completed the paperwork without any hassle. Checkout was not as easy as please be warned if you move any item within the refrigerator you will be charged as it has a sensor, which we found out as we had moved a bottle of water although not consumed it! The staff were very helpfl and removed it from the bill, without any fuss.	
Sep 12 2005	Kingsway Hall - clean nice hotel in GREAT location	The absolute best thing about Kingsway Hall is its terrific location in Covent Gardens (Central London). It is within close walking distance to the Holborn Tube Station and, from there, minutes to any locale - Piccadilly Circus, Soho, Notting Hill, Kensington/Knightbridge and Westminster. So convenient and we felt safe walking there at night. The accommodations are very clean and smart and the rooms are fairly large for a London hotel. The only small negatives - the bed was on the hard side and for some reason the hotel maid did not provide any extra soap after our first night. In front of the hotel, there is also a club that stays open late on weekends, so on Saturday night there was some street noise with outgoing club patrons until around 6AM - but this was only on Saturday and the noise fairly negligible. However, on the plus side, for coffee lovers, there is a Starbucks right around the corner, along with a couple other cafes, a Boots (a drug store) and a Sainsbury (a supermarket that's great for grabbing a quick bagel and fruit for breakfast-on-the-go). We would definitely stay there again and truly recommend the hotel, especially for first time tourists to London and those interested in exploring the city's theater, restaurants and nightlife.BIG RECOMMEND!!!	
Sep 8 2005	Beautiful Hotel	Excellent hotel, conveniently located near covent garden. Short walk to tube at Holborn, for access to anywhere in London. Or as we did most nights, 20 min stroll to Picadilly.Great pub just up the road (Prince of Wales) where you will get the best meal in London at a great price.Rooms, service, staff, all first class.	
Aug 23 2005	Not a bad word to say... Recommended	I decided to take my 1st stay in london earlier this year and having searched high &amp; low for a hotel that was well priced and located, I finally stumbled upon the Kingsway Hall Hotel.I was concerned that for the price there was going to be something bad about it, but having found it easily from Houston station, it was on a quiet road, and perfect.Room was nice, clean bathroom, massive bed which she appreciated ;-)Breakfast was topnotch, although I had paid for Continental style, we were shown to our table and offered tea/coffee and freash toast, before we went and helped ourselves to what we wanted. There was the usual continental style stuff available, but also eggs, bacon, sausages everything so we helped ourselves and nobody said anything.Excellent location for Tottenham court road where we watched Queen we will rock you ( Excellent) and great for everything really.Would make this our choice should we venture back to the capital again, although I'll be in no hurry to do so after the tragic events of late.	
Aug 20 2005 	Good locationaverage hotel	Stayed in a double room for 3 nights. Room was a decent size for London with King bed. However, I agree with a previous reviewer that this hotel comes across as doing everything on the cheap. The bed linen is mediocre, blankets rather than duvet. The pillows are flat as a pancake. The toiletries are poor quality, take your own. The TV is small, the remote was so old I could not see any of the numbers anymore. Only a few basic TV channels. There were tea &amp; coffee making facilities, but no choice of T bags. The bathroom was fine, but only one set of towels despite booking for 2 people-another set was in the wardrobe. No bathrobes. Room service menu was uninspiring but plenty of restaurants and cafes on the doorstep.On the up side, the service is good, particularly porters &amp; concierge. The location is great if you are going to the theatre or want to be near Covent Garden &amp; the West End.In summary the hotel needs to pay more attention to details, rather than rely on location to attract custom.	
Aug 16 2005	The Kingsway lost £8000	My experience at The Kingsway was rude, unwelcoming and hostile…and I didn’t even get to stay there!I Live close to Covent Garden, London.My task today was to find accommodation for 20 fellow doctors from New York on a four day vacation.The choice had boiled down to the luxurious 5 Star, Four Seasons in Mayfair or the more modest, 4 star Kingsway in Covent Garden.As I was cycling past The Kingsway on my way home I popped in to ask for the room rates.Two customers were being served at reception so I waited for a few seconds with my bicycle in a huge, but empty reception area.Then a ‘bell boy’ with ‘Mark’ pinned on his lapel stormed out of side door like a tornado and gave me the ‘stink eye’; (definition: not the friendliest of facial expressions.)He asked if he could ‘help’ in a very hostile manner.(He had obviously been perched on the CCTV and was poised to pounce on anyone he deemed unfit to enter it’s portals. So be warned those of you who prize your privacy. Big Brother is definitely watching you at The Kingsway.)The guy’s body language was like a bouncer at the door of a low-grade nightclub. I asked for the room rates. As he turned away to get the information he said ‘You can’t take bikes into the bedrooms.’I asked him to repeat what he had said, and he replied. ‘I didn’t say anything.’I began to feel that,A/ this person was unusually anti-socialB/ he was being elastic with the truthNot the best qualities for being a front-of house employee.I pressed him again and he said, ‘We don’t allow bikes in here. You did the wrong thing.’‘Am I in a cosmopolitan 4 star hotel or a small town B&amp;B?’, I wondered silently.I asked Mark if there was a policy against bringing a bike in to ask the room rates and he snarled, ’ No, but you shouldn’t have brought it in, why didn’t you lock it up?’I said, ‘Because there is no sign forbidding bikes.’I then asked for Mark’s supervisor and The Rooms Division Manager, called Maria came out said she was surprised that he was an object of complaint as he was one of their ‘best porters’. She didn't know if there was a policy against bikes.I asked Maria to get back to me about their policy and she was quite diplomatic and pleasantIt quickly crossed my mind that I was starring in one of those reality TV shows where they set you up with a ‘psychotic’ actor to see what your reaction will be.But alas, I couldn’t see any cheery film crew.I turned to Mark and said, ‘You are very rude.’He responded smugly, ‘No one’s ever said that before.’I replied, ‘ I am very surprised.’I asked him again in Maria’s presence if there was a policy against bringing bikes through the door and he said, ‘There’s no policy as far as I know but you shouldn’t have brought it. Why did you?’His inability to explain himself in an intelligent, logical manner, and his open rudeness was now quite disturbing and I wonder if he was, 'a little tired.'This individual just lost The Kingsway £8000. I cycled to The Four Seasons 20 minutes later and was warmly greeted and assisted with the booking in a professional manner.The Four Seasons is now over £8000 richer. My friends are paying slightly higher rates… but brother it’s worth every penny.	
Aug 1 2005	Will stay here again!	Unfortunately we were staying here the day of the London bombings.Fortunately the staff were wonderful and very, very helpful. Never felt threatened nor were we worried about modifying our plans with their help.Aside from that incident, the hotel is wonderful. Great &quot;American-style&quot; rooms, good restaurant, very helpful staff.Wonderful location. Walked to theaters and great restaurants.Will definitely stay here again!!	
Jul 26 2005	Wow: Kingsway Hall is a gem!	Upon arrival at the Kingsway Hall Hotel, all we could say was WOW. For 89 pounds a night, this was excellent value and beyond expectations. We stayed at other hotels in London for similar prices and did not get nearly as nice of a room. The entire facility was very nice - quiet, clean, and a great location.The bathroom was marble and granite and had a full tub with good shower pressure! We had a king sized bed that allowed us to have a very comfortable sleep. The air conditioning was really appreciated during London's heat wave.The room was excellently appointed - you get free tea and coffee service, the ironing board/hand press was a nifty luxury, and there was an in-room safe.The staff were very helpful and friendly (they even posted our post cards for us) and the hot tub was a real nice way to relax after a long day of walking the city. They have fitness equipment (if you can still walk after a day in the city).You can't beat the location. Right by good theatres, shopping, the tube, minutes to Soho, Bloomsbury, Covent Garden, Leicester Square, and a little further on, the Tate Modern and Southbank Centre.A quick hint - if you're going to Heathrow airport early in the morning, you may try and bargain your taxi driver to take there for the same price as the taxi ride to Paddington Station plus the Heathrow Express for two people. We got it for 41 pounds (a great deal and fun way to see the city so quiet).	
Jul 17 2005	The best location in London	I stayed at the Kingsway Hall Hotel in July, 2005. The room and bathroom were on the small side, similar to a 3-star hotel in the US. Positive features: The staff was extremely helpful, especially the Bellman, Andrew. who bought us theater tickets by phone and put the charge onto our hotel bill. (We had no choice but to pay the service charge from the ticket broker, because we wanted the convenience of tickets that same evening and we had no time to shop for a better ticket price, but just so you are aware, the service charge the ticket broker added to the face value of the ticket was a whopping 9 L per ticket). The hotel's location is excellent. Just 3 short blocks to the Holborn Tube station, a 5 minute walk to Covent Garden, and a 10 minute walk to the theater district, which is Leicester Square. Other important parts of London are also close, including the British Museum. There are coffee houses up and down Kingsway 1/2 - 1 1/2 blocks away, so it is not necessary to eat breakfast at the hotel. There is a great pub out the door to the left, one block away, called the Prince of Wales, and the pub also has a cash machine. We asked for a room in the back of the hotel on a high floor. We were in 508 and we never heard any noise from the neighborhood. The hotel's air conditioining was powerful. There were no major problems with our room (no small feat for a hotel) - just a few minor problems that are listed later. The in-room cable internet service was easy to use, although it cost 14 L per night. There is a laundry service four blocks away on Besserson/Shorts Gardens, where they washed, folded, and packed 2 1/2 loads for 20 L. Negative features: The telephone did not work when we arrived, and the desk person kept telling us to try redialing. It turned out that the phone had not been activated by the hotel operator. It took us 30 minutes to get phone service the first time we wanted to make a call. Watch out for this problem. The hotel provided only two towels per day, until we asked for four towels per day. The amount of soap and shampoo provided were minimal. The bathroom sink did not drain well. The lobby is small, but bright and architecturally nicely designed. The floor hallways seemd dimly lit. The room contains a small safe, but not large enough for a laptop computer. I have heard that in London, you do not get as much for your money as at hotels in the US. The hotel was reasonably priced, in that case. The location could not have been better for a tourist, and the staff was great.	
Jul 11 2005	Not all that good!	We stayed at the Kingsway Hall for the first time due to its convenience for a dinner venue. We paid £190 for a double room with Hotels - far more than we regularly pay for much better 5* hotels in London. Despite the rave reviws of others, I found the hotel distinctly average - and almost totally devoid of any character - distictly mid 70s in character.Its worst aspect, however, was a feeling that the management were so 'mean-spirited' - hiding away a second set of towels in the hope that you wouldn't use them, the provision of only one face cloth, and the miserly provision of just one small bottle of shampoo and showere gel.In my view, the hotel is overpriced, doubtless trading on the high rating attributed it by Tripadviser reviewers, and is worth at most £100 per room only.	
Jul 3 2005	Great hotel	The impressive facade leads you into an equally impressive hotel.The rooms are spotless and very comfortable. The staff are very efficient and always friendly. Concierge's were true gentlemen - nothing is too much trouble.The breakfast was ample and varied and the general ambience of this classy hotel was very good.Would recommend this hotel for everyone, be it business or pleasure.	
Jun 26 2005	Excellent Location 	My partner and I have just got back from a two night stay at the The Kingsway Hall Hotel and we were both very impressed. The location is excellent. One tip if going to the hotel by tube use the Holburn stop instead of Covent Garden as its closer and it avoids the lifts or stairs. Especially if you are going over a weekend in the summer as it gets very busy. The check in time was very quick and professional. We had a standard room on the third floor which was quiet, the decor was pleasant, clean and we felt it was just the right size for a weekend stay. We were put off using the mini bar due to the high prices. My partner also got cold feet as the bed, although very wide was quite short, being 6ft his feet were left dangling. We enjoyed a lovely meal on the first night in the resturant the food was excellent and the service was first class. We found the staff very attentive especially during breakfast where there was a wide choice of food. If you are going to the theatre then book this hotel as its surperb location and comfy rooms will make this a lovely and memorable stay.	
Jun 26 2005 	Very slick	I stayed at the Kingsway Hall for 2 nights in June 2005. The reception area is not particularly impressive, but the staff were efficient and friendly. The room was very clean, in very good repair, and best of all had extremely good air conditioning (for some of the hottest nights of the year so far).At the end of my stay I was presented with a string of charges for food, drink and internet access that I hadn't used, but these were quickly and apologetically removed.This is possibly the best hotel that I've used in London - slick, well managed and unpretentious. Highly recommended indeed.	
Jun 19 2005	above average	The hotel has a great location - central and accesible, either by tube or on foot. Royal Opera House (the main reason for our travel) is a pleasant 4 minute walk and nearest tube stop is 2 blocks away. Even walked over to the South Bank (Tate Modern and National Theatre) and over to Parliament. In short, can't beat the location. The rooms are generous in size by European/English standards and are very clean. There is a pants press/iron combo which is truly handy. The bathroom is on the small side and there are no wash cloths (not unusual here); the single bar of soap they give you is smaller than a matchbox and was not replenished in the 4 days we were here. A listing of the week's events would have been welcome (gallery exhibits, theatre times, opera/ballet and musical events, etc). One can get this from the concierge but it would have been nice if it were readily available in the room. The &quot;fitness room&quot; is laughable - 1 stepper, 1 elliptical, 2 treads, 2 stat bikes and 1 rower - all piled one on top of the other. No free weights, no TV and no hand towels to use while in the fitness room. ALL the personnel - front desk reception, concierge, doorman, restaurant staff - were cordial and helpful; most even smiled!	
Jun 12 2005	fabulous!	We got a good deal on this hotel through last minute.com for a deluxe king room with 5 course dinner and breakfast included. We paid £140 for both of us. the hotel has a really convenient location in covent garden and a very short walk to Holburn tube. We were greeted very warmly by the doorman and dealt with efficiently and in a very friendly manner at all times. Room was great with slippers and robes. As we had a show booked we had an early evening meal which was lovely and they kept the dessert for us for when we arrived back after the show. As soon as we walked throught he door the waitress came straight to us and took us to the bar and brought out our dessert without us having to ask for it and remind them who we were - a nice touch.We had paid £120 the night before for the thistle in leicester square which was far inferior and didn't include dinner and breakfast, so a much better deal. Highly recommended.	
Jun 7 2005	Kingsway Hall Hotel treats you like a queen!	Kingsway hotel was perfect for three ladies traveling together. We stayed on 2nd floor in room 250 I think. They had three single beds, one a trundle which I slept on, VERY comfortable. Room had a great coffe set up, but be sure to bring coffee singles with you, they only drink Nescafe in the rooms, that's instant for those who want to know. The rooms were clean, and were very beautiful. Our room only had two glitches. The 120 outlet went out and they fixed it the next day. We also had a light flickering and that too was mended. They had two conceirge that were absolutely awesome. Gave great advice on resturants, booked our tours, and made sure our taxi was there for our trip home. The location is near Holborn, and perfect, tons to walk to, fruit stands, shops, food, and Covent Garden is a stone throw away.	
Jun 3 2005	Superb location hotel just average	I have just got back from a 2 night stay at this hotel booked for £80 a night room only via Lastminute as one of their 'top secret' hotels (actually it wasn't a suprise as we had matched up the pictures and knew where it was that we were booking!).However, for a hotel that, at the time of booking was the 14th most popular hotel in London, we expected something special. I don't know whether it was because we booked &quot;a la cheaply&quot; or whether we just didn't notice what others did, but I would say on the whole our experience was very average.The Pros ~ ~ ~ ~The location - its superb - near several major theatres, next to a tube station and a 2 minute walk from Covent Garden. I couldn't fault the location at all. Based on location, I would definitely stay there again and at £80 a night - its a good deal to stay in the heart of the city.The room service menus were good - good selections and good prices (apart from the mini bar prices!). We had a room at the front of the hotel and didn't actually hear any noise like others had described - the double glazing was actually quite effective!The Oks ~ ~ ~ ~Our first impression when we arrived at the hotel was that it would have been great had we been a retired couple. Unfortunately we are 30 somethings who didn't really appreciate the classic designs that would look more at home in a stately home. The bedspread was classic in design but with several disgusting looking stains if you turned it down, and cigarette holes on the reverse. This reminded me of a 3 star hotel and wasn't quite the impression that I'd got off the opinions on this site. The room and the bedroom were also quite small, which is fair enough in London, but maybe we were given the bargain bucket rooms due to the price we paid???Also others said that they had their bags carried for them when they arrived - but no one even looked at ours - luckily there was a lift! The ironing board in the room was also teeny!!!!!The Negatives ~ ~ ~ ~There weren't any real negatives - the stains in the room obviously weren't nice. and the mini bar prices were absolutely horrendous, but on the whole - there weren't any negatives.Overall......I would only stay here again if I could get a similar deal - don't pay anymore than £100 a room or you will be disappointed. Location-wise the hotel is great, but of a standard similar to a 3 star.	
May 31 2005	Excellent	After fighting our way through London traffic (we came by car!) and the one-way systems! What a relief it was to get to our hotel! We were greeted by an extremely cheery and friendly doorman, who made us see the funny side to our travel escapades, leading us into a bright and airy reception.Our room was above average, but on the small size, whether that was because we booked through expedia rather than direct with hotel, I don't know, but it was clean and had air conditioning - most important as the temperature outside was 90 degrees!Ideally located for pretty much getting anywhere in London, with the tube station Holburn just around the corner and taking you directly to the shops! Also a 5 minute walk to Covent Garden and a leisurely 20 minute walk to Leicester Square/Theatreland.Even the fire alarm at 3am didn't spoil our stay. We will definitely be coming back, either on our own or with our small child. This hotel was a hit. I enjoyed my stay that much I want to go back and I only came home on Sunday, 29 May!	
May 29 2005	Perfect!!	We stayed one night at the Kingsway Hall Hotel on May 14. The hotel was lovely and the room first class. We were in London for shopping and the theatre. The hotel, ideally located, had tube stations nearby and was walking distance to the theatre district and Covent Garden. The room rate from Travelocity was great value for money.I would stay here again without hesitation and recommend it highly.	
May 26 2005	Loved everything about it - wish I was still there	An excellent hotel in central London - it can't get better than this. Hotel within walking distance of attractions and only minutes walk from the tube (Holborn Station).You can even walk to Covent Garden where people don't seem to sleep!The rooms are big, the staff are extremely friendly and courteous and helpful (a big thank you!) and the facilities are awesome. Nothing negative to say about this hotel. Just loved it - even though the pounds did hurt a little coming from Australia - but it was worth it. Will definitely stay here again for my next visit to London.Points to note - if you are coming to this hotel from Heathrow airport, do not take the Heathrow Express as it will take you to Picaddily Station where you will need to change platforms which means you will have to go up and down several flights of stairs - not pleasant with a suitcase. Then you have to catch the tube for another 5-10 minutes. Not entirely worth the money considering that Heathrow Express cost I think 12 or 14 pounds (can't recall the exact figure). Catch the tube (only takes about 40 minutes to Holborn station for a fraction of the price.	
May 18 2005	Great Hotel Excellent Staff	Stayed at this hotel for two nights with my fiancé (29th April - 01 May) and had a brilliant time. A room was ready for us even though we were early for check-in. The staff were so friendly and helpful, they couldn't do enough for you.Our room was of a very high standard and the bathroom was clean and bright. The location is very good especially if you like to shop, just a few minutes walk to Covent Garden and we pretty much walked everywhere else too. Only took the tube when our feet couldn't take it anymore!(Holborn and Covent Garden stations are only a short walk away).We would definitely stay here again and I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.	
May 18 2005 	Terrific Busines Hotel	I chose the Kingsway Hall for a week-long business trip based on the TripAdvisor reviews. I booked it through HotelClub on the TripAdvisor site, and had zero booking or check-in problems. The stay completely lived up to my expectations.The location is fantastic! I rode the tube (Picadilly Line) straight in from Heathrow for about $10 vs. over $100 US for a taxi. It took about an hour, and was actually extremely comfortable. I'd recommend avoiding rush hour crowds...but there is space on the cars on the Picadilly line for luggage. Since Heathrow is the 1st stop going into the city, it's simple to get a good seat, and stow your bags in the space provided. Get off at the Holborn station, and you're only a block from the front door of the hotel. The Covent Garden stop is also just a few blocks away so getting around the city from the hotel is very simple. There's a Starbucks and a Nero (a &quot;starbucks-esk&quot; UK coffee shop) just a few feet from the front door as well as a number of really nice places to eat in the same block - including a real steak house and a couple of top drawer Indian restaurants. Highspeed internet access was a snap to log into, and while expensive by US standards (15 GBP per 24 hrs, or about $27.50 US at the current exchange)...that's very reasonable for the UK. They had a US wall outlet at the desk, and numerous UK outlets, so running all my work equipment was very easy. There's a quiet, comfortable lounge area in the lobby for daytime meetings and a decent glass of wine at the end of the day. There's a Kinko's on High Holborn, which is also close to the hotel if you need additional business services. I'll definitely stay here when I return for my next trip...business or leisure.	
May 7 2005	First class	Utterly fantastic went to watch the producers. So central to the theatre and everywhere else we only went by tube twice arriving and departing.Staff very friendly room spotless. This will be our base now for future London trips.	
May 1 2005	Fantastic	What can I say that so many people before have not already said. This is an incredible hotel that lives up to its reputation. You will not be disappointed.Shop around for the best deals online, you can find that the price for this hotel will vary quite a lot.	
Apr 29 2005 	heres the negative	As all the reviews were positive I decided to give a different perspective.Stayed here on business for 3 nights. It is a genuine 4 star. room small but ok. Staff, decor, location a.ok but bar and breakfast pricey.I just think for 165 sterling per night off season the more value type traveller could get better deals.try henri,s in covent garden for value and atmosphere drinks and food wise..just a short walk away!	
Apr 25 2005	Keep coming back...	I stayed at Kingsway Hall from 22.04 - 24.04.2005. This was my second visit, and the hotel still lives up to it's expectations. Just a few minutes walk and you'll find your self in the vivacious Covent Garden and Leicester Square. Here you will get really good value for your money. For my stay this time only smoking rooms were availiable, and I was surprised that they didn't even smell! very helpfull and service minded staff! Highly recommended. For Norwegian and Swedish guest you will get a good price by booking your hotel on ---- and ----.	
Apr 18 2005	Good value would return	Stayed one night for a theatre visit. The main feature of this hotel is the attitude of the staff - why should we have to mention this in a service industry? But we do.Location is great for walking around the city. we did not use taxis or the tube once. Our friends were troubled by the nightclub for hours. We were at the back by chance. I would refuse a room overlooking the club.Our deal was £114 with continental breakfast which was a good price.Room was modern and clean. Mini bar was extortion as is so often the case - why do they do that. I am sure that if prices were 20% above retail we would all be temted. When you arrive every member of staff warns you that if you touch the goods you will be charged - stay away unless you enjoy wasting money.Internet access is provided - didn't check the price.Overall the room is on the smallish side but no complaints.	
Apr 9 2005	Great hotel	Stayed here for three nights this week. Location was fantastic - lots of places within walking distance. 5 mins to Covent Garden, 15 mins to Piccadilly Circus and 20 mins to Oxford Circus. Public transport around the corner. Loads of theatres and restaurants within a 10 min walk. Staff were extremely helpful and friendly. Room and breakfast were great.	
Apr 8 2005	Fantastic Trip BUT Be Aware	I booked a surprise trip for me and my mum to travel down to London for the weekend for her birthday. After reading the reviews about the Kingsway Hall Hotel I decided that it would be a perfect for our stay due to the rave reviews it had received and also because of it's location. I had read a few previous reviews advising that it can become quite noisy late at night due to the club situated just outside the front of the hotel so I phoned the hotel and requested a room situated at the back of the building and I was informed this wouldnt be a problem. Unfortunately my request wasn't upheld and I was woken up at 2am on the Saturday morning with the noice of people filling out of the club across the road. I would recommend this hotel 100% but please take this as good advice and make sure you request a room at the back of the building!The hotel itself was perfect. The staff were friendly, the rooms were very clean and the location could not of been better.	
Apr 3 2005	Great situation!	We stayed at the hotel in February and have booked again for April. The service and rooms were excellent. Although we had to wait a while for breakfast on the Sunday, they did provide drinks and croissants etc while we were waiting. The buffet breakfast was extremely good and worth waiting for!As for situation, it is brilliant for loads of restaurants, the theatre and the Opera, not to mention shops of course.	
Mar 26 2005	Great Location	We stayed at Kingsway Hall Hotel for a second time yesterday. The location is superb for the West End and is on a quiet street so no traffic noise. The room was comfortable and with everything you might need for a short break (including an ironing board &amp; iron which is always a bonus). Double room on lastminute for 89 quid (ex breakfast).First stayed here a couple of years ago when it had just opened - the shine has worn off a little but still a great, if anonymous, place to rest your head in the big smoke.	
Mar 9 2005 	Good location to visit London	Great location - easy walk to Covent Garden. Literally 1 block from Holborn tube stop. Rooms are small by US standards but were very clean. I had the same experience as another user where my room key had to be re-programmed during my stay - not a terrible thing but a little annoying. The concierge was very helpful in providing me directions. Don't use the phone whatever you do!! The charges are astronomical! My cell phone was not working and I had to make a call to the service provider to get it corrected - ended up being around $88 (yes, that is NOT a typo) for the 15 minute call.	
Mar 9 2005	Great location Great rate great room!	Thanks to Trip Advisor reviews, spouse and I choose Kingsway Hotel, for our first trip to Europe, and I found a great deal online for January, 55GBP per night. We could'nt beat that anywhere in London! We wanted to be by Trafalgar Square, but there was so much more within walking distance. Leicester Square, Covent Garden, TKTS (for cheap tickets to nearby shows), Buckingham Palace, The London Eye, Big Ben, Soho, and more.The staff were very attentive, from showing us how to work the room key to providing us with an umbrella when we started to step out into the rain without one. Roooms were very nice and bathrooms too, a bit on the small side, as with most of London's architecture, but we did have a comfortable queen size bed. Convenient location. We took &quot;the tube&quot; from London Heathrow airport to Holborn Station(40 minutes). Hotel is about a three minute walk. The hotel sits between Holborn and and Covent Garden station (a slightly nicer station but not open as long as Holborn).Great food in the immediate area, the staff were right on target with their suggestions. Although we never ate at the hotel, we did imbibe at the bar one night and found that staff quite impressive. Drinks were a bit pricey, but so was all of London, except for Kingsway Hall. Would definately stay there again and would recommend it!	
Feb 27 2005	Kingsway an Excellent Choice	We recently spent 4 nights at the Kingsway Hall Hotel in London. My wife and I had a wonderful experience. The hotel is beautiful, the rooms are a good size (for Europe) and the hotel staff was very helpful. The conceirge, David in particular was exceptional. From theatre tickets to helping plan our stay, he went out of his way to make our stay memorable and that he did. From the doorman to the desk staff the service was excellent. The hotel has a lot of class and not too ornate. It is in a great location in the center of London. For the money you won't find a much better package.	
Feb 21 2005	Good for the money	I stayed at the Kingsway Hall for two weeks and must say that it is a nice hotel for the good deal I recieved. The staff is extremely helpful and friendly. The restaurant on the ground floor is wonderful, but you will pay for it. I need to note that although my room was clean and comfortable, the matress was very worn and I could feel the springs digging into my back. I would also advise against ordering room service, it was pretty bad! But I know this hotel offers great deals so if you are able to get one go for it. You will have a pleasant, quiet hotel in a very central location.	
Feb 21 2005	Expected more	After reading the gleaming reviews of Kingsway Hall, choosing it for our 4-night stay in London was a no-brainer. It was also highly recommended by some of my husband's colleagues who stay there often. While our stay there turned out OK, the little glitches just made me uncomfortable enough to give this hotel lower than average rating. I would not expect much from another property, but I guess for the price of this hotel one anticipates things to go smoother. Below is a list of the issues I found annoying for such a highly regarded establishment:1) few days before the arrival I sent an e-mail to the hotel (to the address listed on their website) inquiring if they have 110V plugs. We are now back from London – and no response ever arrived.2) speaking about the 110 plugs – turns out they had one in our room – clearly labeled. Too bad it did not work. They promised to send someone to take a look at it, but that never happened. Thankfully I brought the transformer/converter with me.3) our key cards had to be re-programmed several times (sometimes several times a day) during our stay. Not a big deal, but frustrating to go back to the reception after realizing the card does not work (again).4) to my opinion –our room mattress was very uncomfortable. The front desk told me they just replaced the old ones, and the new ones are very hard. Hard is the understatement, it was like sleeping on the wood board, with the springs poking you in the back. I don’t even particularly like soft mattresses – hard is fine, but this one was the worst mattress I ever slept on (that includes sofa-beds, waterbeds, fold-out beds). They had no mattress pads to offer to help alleviate the problem – they did offer an extra blanket to put under the sheet.5) last but not least – this is the issue that should not affect any business travelers who are there during the week. But if you are there over the weekend – there is a good chance you will be kept up till 1:07 am (like we were) on a Saturday night with very loud music that made the whole room shake and shouting and screaming of the party downstairs at the restaurant. Front desk was very apologetic about it and gave us a 25% discount for that night, but frankly that did not make me feel any better after a night of disturbed sleep.Overall the hotel is very nice – décor is pleasant, rooms are very clean. The location is excellent – walking distance to Covent Gardens and Lester Square, with many places to eat in close proximity. The bar is nice, though very pricey. We did not even try the hotel restaurant, not even for breakfast – there are many places around that offer a much better deal. I do regret giving Kingsway Hall a low rating – but I feel that my experience was partially spoiled because of all the little glitches. I would not even go as far as to say I would never stay there again – I just think it was not worth the rate they charge.	
Feb 20 2005	What a location.	My wife and I spent a week at the Kingsway Hall in Oct 2004. While a little pricey (but that’s par for the course in London) the hotel was perfect for us. The room was very nicely appointed, large for a European hotel, and kept very clean. They obviously cater to the business traveler as they have 110v outlets in room, high-speed internet etc. But the location was the key thing; it's a short walk to Covent Garden but far enough away to avoid the noise from late night party people.Its about half way between the Covent Garden and Holburn tube stops which makes getting anywhere in London extremely easy.We avoided the expensive breakfast plan, in fact, other than a little room service we didn't eat at the hotel, there are plenty of restaurants and pubs in the area. The hotel staff were efficient, courteous and very professional, albeit not overly friendly, ( again think business traveler hotel) The only complaint I could have is that the internet connection was quite expensive ($28 USD/day) and since all I wanted to do is send email and pix back home I opted to do this at the StarBucks across the street for much less $$$.I researched many hotels at this site and everyone's feed back was quite helpful in making my decision. It was our first trip to London and the hotel's location made it possible for us to see all (or almost all) the tourist sites.If we make it back to London, we’d definitely stay there again.	
Feb 19 2005	Lost Reservation was No Problem	I found a great rate for this hotel on Expedia and booked it for just one night over the Christmas period (presumably it was so cheap due to few business clients at this time of year). When I got there after a transatlantic flight, they had no record of the reservation. However, the check-in girl was not fazed. I showed her my printed confirmation from the web and she quickly found a room without question [I do wonder, though, what would have happened if the hotel had been fully booked; not sure who goofed, them or Expedia].The room turned out to be quite small, but very comfortable with a sparkling bathroom.Wouldn't hesitate to stay there again if I found a good deal (can't afford their full prices!). As others have said, unbeatable location.	
Feb 17 2005 	Low quality unfriendly service	Unfriendly and mostly incompetent service at the front desk. Charged the invoice in Euro instead of GBP. The exchange rate did not leave much to be happy about. Claimed it is impossible to charge in GBP in London in case you present them a continental European credit card. After going crazy with them finally they managed. Next week same thing all over again. Several problems experienced, staff mostly unfriendly and unhelpful. Moved out after about 3 weeks and staying at Charring Cross now for several months already. Great place , very friendly service. Mind you they have very different rooms there though, need to know which to ask for. Avoid the Buckingham wing despite it's name.	
Feb 11 2005	Remember me?	I stayed here on business at least 10 times in the last two years- Central london is cursed with limited hotel options! I always end up with 4* options to choose from thanks to the company policy- and this remains my 4th hotel option down here (I did 150 nights last year in london).  Kingsway Hall has some great features: the atrium is grand, the room decor is plush and the bedding is of good quality (feather pillows, bliss!). Location is handy for convent garden, and a short bus to the city.  Some small niggles though- they ALWAYS make me register again my name and address details, so I never get a welcome back- a loyalty scheme would certainly encourage me to stay more. The room service and breakfast is pricey compared to others; and the gym is limited, although the jacuzzi is nice enough.  There are better options at this price point/ standard, but only a couple- I recommend Kingsway Hall highly. 	
Jan 28 2005	GREAT HOTEL!!!	The hotel was great! The room was really nice and spacious. The staff was friendly and efficient. This was my first time in England, and the conscierge helped me to find all the information that I needed. The location was great. ( in Covent Garden and near the subway station) It was the best hotel I stayed at in Europe.	
Jan 19 2005	As advertised	I stayed at the Kingsway Hall this past Christmas Eve through December the 27th.Not only was my room large, updated, well-appointed and luxurious, I did not have to worry about getting meals on Christmas and Boxing day because the hotel maintained full dinning and 24 hour room service throughout. The staff was friendly and professional. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality that I recieved for the discounted $110 a night special price. I know that it's a much more expensive hotel, but I will pay the regular rate to stay here in the future. I was completey satisfied and impressed.	
Jan 12 2005	Nice hotel in a nice area	We stayed at this hotel over Christmas and it was very nice. We also got a really good price on it online. The room was a good size (especially for London, at this price) and very clean. The towels were changed everyday, and the service staff was very helpful. It was also near the major spots. We often walked to Leicester Square and surrounding areas. It seems very safe at night also, and is near the Holborn station.If I can get this hotel at a good price, I will definately stay here next time I am in London.	
Jan 7 2005	awesome could NOT have found a better place	My Mom and I recently went to London for our first trip there. We managed to get great rates for this hotel (over christmas none-the-less) via Trip Adviser! It is a first class hotel in the BEST location. The staff were so friendly and helpful. The rooms were nicely decorated and the cleanest I have ever seen. The amenities were nice (thanks for having a hair dryer) but the restaurant, internet access and calls were outrageously expensive. The location is also prime: 2 blocks from holborn tube and walking distance to all the theatres, shopping in covent garden, soho, markets and tourist areas etc. If you get a great rate or can afford the regular prices do NOT wait to book this hotel. It's in a much better location than the Hilton!	
Jan 5 2005	Wonderful Stay	A friend and I stayed at Kingsway Hall from Dec 27 th to Jan 2 nd. I have nothing bad to write about this hotel. They were prompt with our needs and we only had one mess up that was fixed in less than 2 minutes. New Years was wild around this hotel but they had people checking to see if you were a patron at the door. We were always greeted with a smile as we walked to the elevator. Which is a big plus. The rooms were nicely furnished with the oh so necessary 110v. The room was always clean and straight when we returned from a long day of sightseeing and living up the town. We also had a early flight out of Heathrow early Sunday morning so the amazingly close Holborn Tube was out of the question, so we asked the concierge whats the best way to get to Heathrow for and early flight. He said he could arrange for a car for us. Sunday morning came at about 5 am and it was a brand new mercedes with a friendly driver. The price of the car was only 5 pounds more than what a taxi ride would have costs, but we got there quite quickly. (Being from California this was similar to home.) Nightly we walked to Covent Garden to watch street performers and even a couple of times walked the almost straight shot to Picadilly Circus. Pleasant walk full of people, pubs and shops. The location of this hotel I believe can suit any generation. There are night clubs, pubs, theaters, and museums. My friend and I are 19 and 20, and this place was absolutely awesome.	
Jan 1 2005	Very Nice Hotel	I was lucky enough to stay at the Kingsway for a week right over Christmas -- 50 pounds per night! (no doubt their lowest for the year). Everything was great; plenty of room to walk around, with two wingback chairs and table, plus a desk. Deep tub and shower with good water pressure. I was across from the nightclub that someone complained about -- really, a wee bit boistrous around midnight for a short time, nothing to worry about; the hotel is very quiet. Several bistros around the neighborhood for supper, two coffeeshops on the corner and Sainsburys a block up for eat-in. Lovely walk to the National Theatre. I hope I stay at the Kingsway next holiday.	
Dec 29 2004	very good but mind the nightclub	We had a lovely stay at this hotel. The staff were very friendly and room were spotless - definitely good value for money. Close to Holborn underground and all amenities. The only drawback was that some of the rooms are opposite a nightclub - therefore when you book be sure that you ask for a room away from the music.	
Dec 29 2004	excellent location	stayed at the kingsway just after christmas and have just found the best hotel for londons nightlife and shopping.i paid just £75.00 per night for me and my spouse and although the food and drinks were on the more expensive side there are loads of cafes and bars located close by.this is the first time that we have never needed any transport during our stay as everything was within walking distance.have stayed in london many times but have found a hidden jewel that we will just keep returning to.	
Dec 29 2004	Great service and location	A fantastic hotel - the location is perfect - just 2 minutes walk from covent garden. The rooms are spacious and clean. The service is friendly and extremely helpful - unlike some other london hotels which can be a bit pretentious. Got a great deal on lastminute. My only criticism is of the food in the restaurant - the main meals are basically a bland, bitesize piece of food in the middle of a large plate, more appropriate for a snack. My advice is to stay in the hotel but eat in one of the restaurants nearby. Just make sure you don't eat in Sarastro which is around the corner - although it looks interesting, the food and service are atrocious - all the reviews on --------------------- agree. Unfortunately we found out too late.	
Dec 28 2004	Great facility and location but service needs improvement	Our family spent a week in London just before Christmas at Kingsway Hall Hotel. The location is the best location of any hotel in London: just a block from the Holborn tube station which serves the Central and Piccadilly lines which take you to all the major attractions, and within easy walking distance of the theater district. The physical plant is very nice: well-maintained, clean, nicely decorated, 110 volt outlets, and modern bathrooms. For location and physical plant, the hotel deserves an excellent rating. But since the service was a problem, I've given it less than the top rating. Nonetheless, the price we paid was so good that our overall experience has to rate as well above average. My bottom line: next time I travel to London with the family, Kingsway Hall will be my first choice; although when I travel to London and a client is paying my first choice remains the Renaissance Chancery Court Hotel (around the corner the other direction and just about the same distance from the Holborn tube station). Read on if you're interested in the service problems (although don't let them turn you off to the hotel, just be aware of what you might encounter).We arrived in London late in the day after flying over having left Newark early in the morning. We got to the hotel in two groups and tried to sort out our rooms (there were eight of us, in five rooms). The front desk staff had the rooms largely right, but some rearranging was needed. It became obvious that the staff was not as conversant with their rooms as we're used to expecting in the states.Our oldest son and his wife were in a room that had some ants in the bathroom. Not a big deal and one that could have been handled by housekeeping with some bug spray. Except that neither housekeeping nor maintenance had any! (Hard to imagine.) They moved our son to a new room the next day, but couldn't provide one that night and refused to make any adjustment to the bill (again, not what we would have expected in the states).One of the grandmothers with us got hungry one night and ordered a sandwich from room service. The sandwich never arrived. When she finally called to check on it, she was given a long, convoluted explanation of what had gone wrong. Always fun to hear an interesting tale, but what she wanted was a sandwich. She finally went to bed hungry.The restaurant in the hotel has good food, but again the service is not the best. The one evening we ate dinner there, several of us were planning to go to the Ceremony of the Keys at the Tower of London. Our entrees were so delayed that we barely had time to choke them down and grab a cab without being late and missing the ceremony.To the staff's credit, they were all very pleasant. They just need to be better trained. Don't let the foregoing comments stop you from staying at Kingsway Hall, because it's a great deal for the money. Just adjust your expectations as to the service you are likely to encounter.	
Dec 3 2004	A pleasant Stay at Covent Garden	We were VERY pleased with the Kingsway Hall Hotel. We booked the hotel for 105 Dollars from a site findlondonrooms. We chose it for it's closeness to the theaters, but we were unaware of what a nice, comfortable, up-to-date hotel it is. The rooms may be small, but with 2 comfortable chairs, and good computer connections etc, we could never complain. We also found an added attraction to be the location. No taxis are needed for most theaters, but there are also some very nice and unique restaurants within easy walking distance, perfect for late night suppers. Lastly, it is QUIET!!! A hotel in the center of Leicester Square would have to be surrounded by the late night sounds of lots of happy people, but the short walk away from the noise was indeed what these 2 tired visitors wanted. We will definitely return to the Kingsway.	
Nov 26 2004	Great value Good Location Good Hotel.	We stayed at this hotel for one night - November 19th 2004. I booked the hotel five months in advance through its own website and managed to get the room for £85. The hotel is in a great location. we got the tube from Heathrow to Holborn and the hotel is only just around the corner, very easy. The hotel is within comfortable walking distance of the 'The Producers' at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane and The Savoy for Afternoon Tea.We walked back to the hotel at about 11pm and there was no trouble, it's a good area.The next day we walked to Covent Garden and 'The Woman in White' at the Palace Theatre.The rooms are clean and well-appointed; tv, hairdryer, iron, safe, tea and coffee, table and chairs. Good value, clean rooms. The hotel is very clean and well-staffed. No problems.Check-in and check-out was quick and friendly.The only downside - breakfast was charged at £15pp. We didn't want to pay that, so we went to a wee restaurant across the road and got a cooked breakfast for £4. Ideal.In conclusion: if you get a good price - this is a great hotel.	
Nov 10 2004	ask for a room at the back or away from the flags!	This is the second time I have stayed here, &amp; although the standard of the rooms, service &amp; location are excellent, this time we had a problem with noise, we stayed in room 108 (our friends stayed in 107), we were woken up by banging &amp; tapping outside our window which was caused from loose ties on the flags. After speaking to reception we were told to next time ask for a room facing the back or on a floor above 2!	
Oct 23 2004	London's best secret	This is a great place to stay. The staff are very concerned about your comfort and happiness and will do anything to see that you are taken care of. The rooms are wonderful and nicely decorated. The hotel is clean throughout (including the rooms) and had good food in the dining room. One nice thing is they have free wireless in their lobby. Nice lobby furniture and a bar there as well to serve you as you browse the Internet. It is about one or two blocks from the Holborn station (Piccadilly line) direct from Heathrow - but over an hour ride! Centrally located in a nice part of London - Starbucks on the corner. What more could you ask for! Also, very reasonably priced for such a nice place in the middle of one of the most expensive cities in the world. The beds were a little too hard for my taste, but other than that the hotel couldn't have been any better. Nice staff!	
Oct 19 2004	Top Hotel	We found the hotel to be top class with friendly &amp; helpful staff always willing to assist.	
Oct 19 2004	Pleasant hotel in great location	I really like this hotel. The staff were pleasant and helpful.The rooms were comfortable and had everything expected of a 4 star. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here. The location of Covent Garden was great too. So many restaurants and bars nearby we were spoiled for choice. The bar in the hotel is very overpriced though. £16.00 for 2 drinks is a bit much for my tight Scottish wallet. It also lacked any real atmosphere, due to being practically empty. But with so many attractions nearby, there is no real need to sit in the bar at all.The breakfast was great too but we had to wait 25 minutes in a queue for the breakfast room. A forgivable little blip in an otherwise pleasant weekend.The noise levels could have been better but that's what you get in a city centre I suppose. Karaoke versions of 'Delilah' from the bar across the road into the wee small hours isn't everyone's cup of tea.Personally, I'd suggest this hotel as somewhere simply to lay your head down at night and for you to eat and drink in the many amazing eateries elsewhere in the area.A perfect, value for money (excluding the bar prices!) base to explore the Capital.	
Sep 29 2004	Nice	Just stayed there for three nights. Clean, quiet— smallish rooms which are typical of London. Very professional staff— especially the concierge and door staff— although some of the restaurant staff left a bit to be desired. Great location, close to buses, tube, Starbuck's, shopping. On the negative side, I couldn't get the internet access in the room to work and it didn't seem like it would be easy to get tech help on it (but there was a US 110 volt outlet in the wall which was a nice, convenient touch). Also the bed was as hard as a slab. I would stay there again and recommend it, because of three stays I've had at different London hotels, this one was best.	
Sep 29 2004	great hotel great location great price	After extensive searching of various sites on the internet I ended up booking this hotel through hotelsrus.com.The location of the hotel is perfect for soho and the theatre district and about 200 metres from the tube station. The hotel itself is very clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful (they put my bottle of champagne in an ice bucket for me and provided two glasses whilst I was out, so that I could surprise my soon to be fiancee).The only negative comment I have is that at breakfast they don't give you a pot of tea, instead they just fill your cup.	
Sep 5 2004	Great location	My family stayed at Kinsgway Hall from 8/23-9/1/04. The location is great. The hotel is clean. We did not find the staff to be particularly friendly or helpful with the exception of Gary and Mark who were wonderful. For example, one concierge took 5 minutes to find the phone number for British Airways only to find that he'd given me the number for a parking garage instead. Warning: do not stay in room 109 or 110 unless you are prepared to be awakened each morning between 6-7 am by a garbage truck crushing glass. Nearby places to eat included My Old Dutch which serves interesting Dutch-style pancakes (although staff can be rude)and Strada which is one of the very few places that serves food somewhat late (very hard to find an open place to buy anything after 10pm).	
Sep 2 2004	Perfect weekend getaway	Stayed at this hotel over the bank holiday weekend. This was the perfect base for shopping, theatre and a short tube ride from all major attractions. First impressions were fab - building stylish and staff very welcoming. The room was tastefully decorated, spacious and clean. We'd recommend the varied breakfast served in the restaurant - it was a great way to start the day.After a hard days shopping and theatre, the champagne cocktails served in the bar are a must!We'll look to book here on our next visit to London.	
Aug 30 2004	Good choice!	From the 15. - 22. og August me and my boyfriend stayed at Kigsway Hall. After reading all the reviews on Tripadvisor, we booked the hotel for only £48 per person per night including the continental breakfast. The hotel had a perfect location, with only a few minutes walk to Holborn Station, Covent Garden and even to Piccadilly Circus. The staff were very friendly, and the concierge was very helpful. Book all the attractions with the concierge and avoide the queues!Our stay could not have been better. The room was great and very clean. Small bathroom, but that was not a problem. The mini bar was equipped with sensors, so if you were to move anything, it was automatically charged to your bill. You can also NOT store any drinks that you bring.This hotel is highly recommended!!	
Aug 25 2004	it was okay....	Recently spent a couple of nights at the hotel after booking one of their online deals. The hotel is clean and well positioned within London. The room was nicely designed, clean and plentiful furnishings. As usual for hotels, the mattress was hard and the pillows too soft but that's par for the course. The bathroom was small but clean, with robes, plenty of towels, flannels, soaps etc. The room also included slippers, trouser press, an iron, an ironing board and a safe. The minibar was one of those interactive ones... so unless you want something out of there don't touch anything! Unfortunately this means you can't place any of your own items in there to keep cool which was a pain. The breakfast was adequate, the usual fare really and tasty enough. Though it would be an idea perhaps to provide vegetarian sausage etc as an alternative. The table cloths could have been a little cleaner also. Had a few drinks in the bar (ridiculous prices!) and though I asked for a certain champagne, found when they sent the bill they'd served the dearer choice and charged for it too!My friends who had a room in the next corridor were disturbed both nights by other guests .. a little worse for the drink.. the staff didn't seem that interested. I also had to move rooms during my last night (approx. 4.30am) because the AC unit above the bathroom was clanking like a good one! When I mentioned this to the reception next morning when asked if our stay had been okay.. again they didn't seem that interested. I stayed in Room 301 by the way.. so keep an ear out!A nice hotel overall though, for the most part the staff are friendly and helpful. I would stay there again if I had a good deal on the booking.	
Aug 23 2004	Decent Hotel Good Location	The service was good from the front desk agents and the concierge. We were disappointed with the hotel's restaurant, and did not receive very good service there. We found our suite clean and well-appointed. Sometimes concierge had a tendency to recommend the &quot;tourist&quot; restaurants, and even though we were tourists, we really did not want to go to those. You would be advised to make very clear what you want....	
Aug 18 2004	More than exceeded my expectations	Just came back from London where my friend and I spent 8 nights at this hotel. At 100 GBP per night - twin - including the ample continental breakfast, I don't think we could have done better in London during the summer. Nicely decorated, stylish bathroom, helpful staff and a really good continental breakfast. Close to the tube, the theaters (and the 1/2 price theater kiosk in Leicester Square), and a well-stocked grocery store for snacks. I felt very lucky to have found this hotel.	
Aug 17 2004	Very Friendly	Stayed over one night with my daughter. 1st thing to report is it is so handy for the West End, literally 2 minutes walk from Drury Lane, and just a bit further for Covent Garden. Two tube stops from Kings Cross. I couldn't have found a better location. room was comfortable, and it was just what we were looking for. Excellent !	
Aug 9 2004	Another happy guest ...	Stayed for the first time for one night 6 August 2004. I endorse everything that the other reviewers have said. Good room, quiet, well appointed and exceptionally nice staff. I had breakfast in my room. This arrived at the requested time and was well presented. Particularly liked the fact that the butter was in a proper dish, instead of those horrible little foil packs! I also had a good tasty pre-theatre supper in the restaurant. Excellent location particularly as the purpose of my visit was to go to the Royal Opera House that evening. I would stay here again and recommend it to others	
Aug 5 2004	Great hotel !!!	We stayed in this hotel for a week during Christmas in 2004, and we had a great time! Everything about this hotel was perfect: very cute room, perfectly clean and nicely decorated in red, brown and gold (no it wasn't tacky although it may sound so). Also brand new and spotless bathroom and very nice staff. Location is great, steps to Covent Garden and about 10 min walk to Soho and Leicester Square passing through a very cute shopping street. I really enjoyed our everyday walk to Soho. This hotel was definitely above my expectations, expecially because we were paying about 60 GBP a day and I've heard a lot of horror stories about London hotels. I guess if you're paying a 100 GBP or more you would expect this kind of comfort.	
Jul 29 2004	Believe The Reviews!	We've been to London enough times to know that finding a central and affordable hotel is trying, particularly in the middle of summer. Viola! Not only is the Kingsway Hall Hotel in a great location and less expensive than most other hotels of this caliber, but it is also rather classy! We flew into London for an overnight visit before our departure home and we chanced the stay after reading the reviews on this site. Good choice! We tend to remind ourselves to expect the unexpected upon entering a hotel room, for hotel rooms in European cities never fail to surprise us---good and bad. This one was quite pleasing! The rooms are well maintained and large for London--at least the one assigned to us. The bed was an actual double bed, not two twins pieced together! The bathroom, though small, was nicely tiled and exceptionally clean. Although we spent little time in the room, the time we did was tranquil and comfortable--two important factors in hotel stays. The lobby is non-descript, but the staff is friendly and the rooms are by far better appointed than other more expensive London hotels. Too, the location is within walking distance of Covent Garden, Soho, an array of West End theatres, and a block from the Holborn underground station, if walking is not your cup of tea. We have already decided that we'll select this hotel at our next London stop, it was so pleasant. We believed the reviews and they were on target!	
Jul 2 2004	Fabulous Hotel!	I checked out the reviews of this hotel on tripadvisor and all I can say is this hotel is excellent!!!! It's two minutes from Holborn Underground station so very easy to get to. The staff are very friendly as well! The rooms are lovely and clean and the breakfast which you get in the restaurant is brilliant. Excellent variety. Our room was a the front of the hotel but it was still very quiet - no noise from the roads nor from other guests! If you want breakfast in your room it will cost you so I didn't bother. The hotel is well situated for Covent Garden and Leicester Square so it's good if you want to go to the theatre. We arrived in at Heathrow so were able to take the Piccadily line to Holborn - all for £3.80!!!!! I would definitely stay here again and would highly recommend it.	
Jun 24 2004	Loved it !	This was my first trip to Europe and I was very apprehensive about finding a decent hotel since I didn't know the area at all. I was greeted at the door with a smile by the doorman and was checked in promtly. Our bags were taken up and we were shown around the room. I expected a pretty small room from the stories I had been told, but the room was large and had all the amenities that I was used to in an upscale hotel in the states. The hotel was only a few minutes away from an Underground station and within walking distance of many major tourist attractions like Big Ben, Trafalgar Square and the British Museum. There was a host of little shops and places to eat in the neighborhood as well. The hotel really made our stay in London special.	
Jun 6 2004	SUPERB HOTEL	If you fancy a few nights in London, this is the place to stay. Got a great deal through the hotels online booking service...£69 for a standard room. The price per night does vary, but fridays seem to be about the cheapest! As for the rooms, there is nothing standard about them. Not huge, but furnishings and decoration are in excellent condition, and very, very clean. This theme runs throughout the hotel. The bar is excellent, very calm, quiet and relaxing. Staff are very attentive, especially 'Vincent', who made us feel very welcome.Small gym, but excellent whirlpool.Location is great for all the main London attractions. Just a short walk to Covent Garden. (Holborn is the nearest tube)....Book now, you wont be dissapointed................	
Jun 6 2004	One Word: Perfect	This hotel had everything - It is located very close to the Holborn station so a taxi from Heathrow is not necessary. The staff was outstanding. The valet, I beleive his name was Gary, was especially helpful providing great sightseeing and running maps. The room was spacious. However, the best feature of this hotel was it's location. Most major attractions were within walking distance. I would return to this hotel anytime and recommend to anyone that will listen!	
Jun 3 2004	Fit for a King	Just spent the weekend here on a deal with the hotel. Hotels location is great - covent garden &amp; holborn tube on the doorstep. Didnt have any noise from bars at night. Rooms were clean and well attended to. Breakfast is slightly expensive but then there are loads of places to eat so you're not comitted to eating there. And a great big thumbs up to the staff too ... friendly and very very attentive to the guests needs.	
Jun 3 2004	Absolutely Great Great Hotel	I had read the reviews of the hotels and also got a great rate on the internet..it is right on the Piccadilly line from Heathrow..no need to change stations..This is a great hotel to stay at... true king size bed,any amenity that you want is in the room.. absolutely impecable room.Highly recommend it to all travelers.. close to theaters Was most impressed at the quality of the furnishings You wont go wrong with this property....	
May 28 2004	Great hotel and location	Visited on May 15th and 16th. Great hotel, fantastic location and very well presented rooms. Overall well worth a visit and one of my preferred hotels in London.	
May 24 2004	April visit	We had a package deal for our first trip to London and chose this hotel based on reading previous reviews here. Our flight to Gatwick got in early morning and unfortunately we took the public transportation from Victoria station to hotel - it was a nightmare carrying luggage in rush hour on the tube! then could not find hotel until a very helpful mailman showed us the way. So by the time we got to the hotel it was much too early to check in, but the staff was extremely helpful, especially the doorman Ahmed, and did manage to let us have our room as soon as it was ready...they stored our luggage while we went sightseeing. The room had been recently redecorated and was very comfortable (although smaller than used to) and bathroom very clean. We wanted to use the jacuzzi but everytime it was full. It would have been a great help if they had a computer for guests to use, if if you had to sign in and make an appt. - to check email etc. It was a long walk to the nearest internet cafe. Also it would have been helpful to have a published list (with prices) for restaurants in walking distance to hotel. The hotel did have a delicious buffet breakfast - but expensive. It was a nice walk to British Museum, Tralfagar Square and to the river.I would like to return to this hotel if we are ever able to visit London again.	
May 18 2004	Kingsway Hall Hotel	We got a fabulous internet deal for the Kingsway Hall Hotel. It is a block from the Holborn tube station. The staff was friendly. The room was very clean and included safe, trouser press, iron, coffee pot, towel warmer, etc... Easy to walk to pubs in Leiscester Square and Piccadilly area, but also easy to take tube. Enjoyed it very much...and such a great price!	
May 11 2004	Excellent	Brilliant Hotel! Close to everything in the city. Affordable deals on the net. The staff were fantastic - especially the bar staff. Room was very nice. We will be coming back again. 	
Apr 26 2004	Great and quiet location	We got married on April 10, and three days later we flew to London to celebrate our honeymoon. When arriving to Kingsway Hall Hotel, which we found on needahotel.com and where we also got a great deal, we first got a key to what was supposed to be our room. But unfortunately someone already lived in that room. However, the reception very quickly corrected their mistake, and gave us the correct room. In general big cities have small hotelrooms, and considering that fact, the room was alright in size. The service at the hotel was superb all through our stay. The staff really wanted us to feel at home, and we did! The hotel is situated just minutes away from Covent Garden, but still the surroundings are quiet and calm. And if you´ll walk five minutes the other way, you´ll find yourself on New Oxford Street, not very far from Piccadilly or Oxford Circus with lots of shopping. The underground station is also not very far away. We highly recommend this hotel, but remember to book on the net. It´ll save you lots of money!We´ll be coming back to London. And Kingsway Hall!	
Apr 16 2004	A hidden gem in London	We were able to get a good internet deal on the Kingsway Hall and stayed there during April 2004. It is on a side street and away from the heavily traveled tourist areas, but convenient to Holborn tube and within reasonable walking distance to many of the top sights, being situated roughly between Bloomsbury and Covent Garden. Restaurants, pubs, and a grocery store are all conveniently nearby.Our room at the Kingsway Hall was a bit small (it's London, after all) but very clean and well furnished, and had probably been newly refurbished. Back facing side of hotel: no view but very quiet. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful.We were lucky to have booked this one. I recommend it to anyone who can find a good deal online. We would certainly not hesitate to stay here again.	
Apr 6 2004	always a great stay	we have stayed at the kingsway 4 times now and have always been well looked after ,it is very central to west end and can walk to most places. we booked our first two visits from last minute and got very good rates but recently it has been better value to book direct ?75-120 per room , our last visit was the best all the rooms we have had have been very good if a little small ,but alway extremely clean in fact the chambermaids are top class . but they gave us a complimentary upgrade to a suite which was fantastic . i am a very fair person but am always on the look out for good customer service which up till now i have always had at the kingswasy keep up the good work i would recommend this hotel to anyone	
Mar 14 2004	Great Location!	I booked my room with ------- and got a good rate. I had read all of the reviews here and I must say all the good thing I read are true. The hotel is clean and the room was well appointed. On check in we got an upgrade to an executive room. The bathroom was small but spotless, complete with towel warmer and blow dryer. I had no problem with water pressure and appreciated the make-up mirror. The closet was standard size and had a trouser press and iron. There was an electronic safe for extra cash and passports. The mini bar was there if you wanted and the tea kettle came in very handy. The King bed was firm and a little short but clean and plenty of pillows. The internet in the room was L12.95 but the lobby, restaurant and bar has free wireless service. The bar staff was friendly and the service was good. You could get sandwiches and snacks all day. Safe neighborhood and great food nearby. No complaints. I would recommend this hotel.	
Feb 17 2004	Fit for a King !	Had a fabulous weekend at this hotel - The room was very comfortable and clean. Hotel in general was well maintained. Used the Spa facilities which were of a very high standard and empty - so there were just 2 of us in a Jacuzzi for 12 ! The location was brilliant as it's so close to the Theatres, Covent Garden and Oxford St - would highly recommend	
Feb 1 2004	Fit for a Queen	Just returned from an excellent stay at Kingsway Hall. It was an 'internet deal' and hence expected small room etc, but not so (well, not for London). The impeccable service far exceeds a capital city 4* and every little detail was thought of. Staff couldn't do enough for you. It was near the river, theatres, bars and restaurants. We will definitely stay there again and highly recommend it.	
Jan 10 2004	Outstanding	I got an excellent rate through Priceline.com seeking a four star hotel, but was a little leary since it was not in the exact location I had hoped. Well, the location was fantastic for just about everything in London, and the hotel itself was outstanding. It is a five minute walk to great shopping in Covent Garden, and about 5-10 minute walk to the West End theatre district where there are literally hundreds of excellent bargain restaurants (Cafe Fiori tremendous breakfast; Cafe Espana classy and reasonable Spanish food; Pollo very inexpensive Italian with dozens of pasta selections). Also, a couple of minute walk to the Tube, however, my family (including three kids) was able to walk to just about every historical attraction (anywhere from 10-30 minute walk). The hotel is pristine clean, the rooms are nicely decorated and large (by London standards), the staff is extremely friendly, and it has a nice fitness room and jacuzzi/steam bath, which came in handy after long days of sightseeing. A couple of blocks away is a Marks and Spencer grocery, where we bought snacks and bottles of wine to munch in the room, rather than spending lots of $$ on room service. I would defintely stay there again, with or without my children.	
Jan 9 2004	Another great stay at Kingsway Hall	I stayed at the Kingsway Hall Hotel from 12/26/03-1/2/04. Except for our 1st night, the stay was great. Avoid corner rooms ( such as 405), as we were up til 3am from music from a neighboring club. However, the staff gladly moved us to another room the next day after we complained. This hotel has an A+ location and excellent internet rates. At checkout, we were even given a lower rate than we originally booked for. My only suggestion is that they get softer mattresses - their mattresses are not bad, just too firm for my taste. I will stay there again after the dollar gains some strength.	
Jan 8 2004	Great Hotel for the Money	My boyfriend and I came to London from NYC for 2003 New Years. We had a great stay in this hotel. The staff were more than accomodating and I thought the room was perfect. The bathroom and towel heater was very nice and we also enjoyed the size of the room... If you are looking for a good deal (we paid $76 a night on Priceline) this is the way to go!	
Jan 4 2004	My favourite London hotel	Absolutely my favourite London hotel. This one has it all, staff who are courteous and polite, large rooms (for London), comfortable beds and a wonderful location; perfect for the West End and theatreland. I've stayed four times now and it is always the one I check availability on first.	
Dec 26 2003	Stay away from the corner rooms!		
Dec 10 2003	Good Location Clean Rooms for Money		
Oct 11 2003	Great location		
Sep 24 2003	Loved Kingsway Hall		
Sep 11 2003	Great value and location for theatre		
Jun 4 2003	Great stay at the Kingsway Hall		
Apr 2 2003	Nicest hotel I've stayed at in London so far		
Feb 20 2003	Great Location Great Hotel		
Dec 28 2002	An excellent London Hotel		
Apr 25 2002	Excellent Choice of Hotel		
Oct 31 2009 	séjour superbe au kingsway!!!		
Jan 3 2007	bien !		
