Nov 18 2009 	Fantastic location with decent sized rooms.	We stayed there for a couple of nights and you cannot beat the location - literally out of Tower Hill tube station, quick walk across the road and there it is! We had a standard room and found it spacious with a king sized bed, sofa &amp; 26&quot; LCD TV. The bathroom was good and it was nice to have a seperate toilet although the toilet holder could be placed better as I always seemed to knock the toilet roll onto the floor when trying to get out of the door! The staff were welcoming and always courteous - they could not be faulted. Breakfast is a self service affair but there is plenty of it although you still can't beat the Hilton breakfast for the variety &amp; selection as the english version is limited to bacon, beans, tomatoes, sausages, mushrooms &amp; scrambled eggs.The bar prices were pleasantly surprising (£3.20 for a pint of Worthingtons) and it was nice to sit in the window enjoying a pint whilst people watching.A very nice hotel and I would definately recommend it - you will find it hard to beat the location and overall value for money.	
Nov 11 2009 	EXCELLENT SERVICE	Stayed with family for a weekend the staff and service were excellent they could not do enough for us. Hotel clean and modern would definitely stay again	
Nov 1 2009 	The hotel is modern and clean but the room temperature was too hot.	The hotel is modern, clean and the staff were pleasant. Unfortunately my room was too hot and the air cooling system was inadequate. When I opened my window all I could hear was the central London traffic, so I settled for the sauna. My &quot;double&quot; bed was two single beds pushed together and I almost fell between the two.The shower, whilst powerful, did not have a riser that would go above one meter so I had to kneel down to wash my hair.The hotel was fully booked and they could not cope with number of guests at breakfast. There was a long queue of guests waiting for free tables and the food was almost all gone.	
Oct 20 2009 	Nothing can be lost there!	I spent three nights there last month, the hotel is luxurious, calm and clean.. however it's a kind of isolated from any shopping area/ food courts.i forgot personal stuff there, and after i returned home with a couple of emails, they sent me back my missing stuff FREE OF CHARGE!	
Oct 12 2009 	Great location and lovely modern hotel	We stayed at this hotel in Aug for 3 night family break to visit all the sites.We had a lovely spacious family room with everything you would expect from a 4 star.The hotel staff were very friendly and efficient, we arrived around midday which ment our room was not ready however they stored our luggage so we could go off to make the most of our stay.Breakfast was included in the price of our stay and this was a lovely full buffett to suit all taste budsYou can also eat here at an additional cost for the evening and they had some family buffett promotions on at the time, we however chose to dine at the witherspoons 2 mins round the corner as this is good value cheap food.The tube is a minutes walk from the hotel and the towerbrisge is about 5 mins.Taxi into central london picadilly cost approx £15.00 onewayThe big red bus company has a stop about a 5 min walk from the hotel should you decide to take an open top bus tour(which is expensive buth very worth it)All in all a lovely hotel in a good location to all of londosn attratcions via rail/bus or boat	
Oct 12 2009 	Great hotel near City of London	This is a great hotel near the City, I stayed here for several weeks for business. The hotel is quiet as it is just off a main busy road, though the location is great as it is minutes away from the tube, Tower and other attractions. The rooms are very large, as with all novatel's I've stayed in. The room had a large bed, and a double sofabed, I consider the rooms to be very large for the centre of London. However the rooms were not bright as the windows are small, and there the views are not so great. The gym is very small and in the basement, this was a disappointment, as I was travelling on business and would have liked a nice gym,	
Oct 8 2009 	One of the Best Hotels I have Ever Stayed In - and I travel frequently.	My flight arrived at Heathrow at 6 am. I was exhausted - not to worry - they let me into my room at 8 am! The room was one of the quietest (and I am fussy about noise) I have ever stayed in - I have no idea how they do it! The location was 5 minutes from Tower Tube and bus station, the Tower of London, Tower Bridge and Tower Pier. The room had a couch and the toilet was separate from the tub/shower. Mini bar was partially empty so I could store drinks and snacks. The &quot;included&quot; English breakfast was unbelievable. Staff were incredible. There is a sauna/steam room. Easy to get ice from the bar. Fish &amp; Chips to die for.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great location and excellent value	Stayed here with young kids and we were very impressed. Super location, 1 minute walk from Tower Hill Tube. We were able to have the kids in our room, so the rate was very reasonable and included a great breakfast (100 GBP per night). The hotel was clean and relaxed. The rooms on the Coopers Row side suffer a little from noise, as this street is a busy thoroughfare between Fenchurch Street Station and the tube. The sound-proofing on the windows is not good so it was quite noisy at night. If this kind of thing bothers you (it does me, but my husband slept through all the noise) try and get a room facing on to Pepys Street , which seems much quieter. All-in-all though, a great hotel and excellent value.	
Oct 3 2009 	Nice modern hotel in great location	Stayed one night for a business trip. Very comfy bed and modern bathroom with a great shower. Major building works going on next door, but room was well sound-proofed so no problems there. Skipped breakfast, so can't comment on that.This would be one of the hotels on my list for a trip to London, even if I was paying the bill and not work. :-)	
Sep 28 2009 	Thumbs up	Great location - near to Tower and tube station. Room was great - no problems and breakfast was very good - as it usually is in Novotel. Only complaint is the bar prices - just silly!	
Sep 27 2009 	Excellent value for money	very comfortable and spacious room, superb location. breakfast superb, buffet style eat as much as you like. If this is an example of Novotel i would always look for one of their hotels wherever i was travelling to.	
Sep 21 2009 	Not worth the money and unacceptable room allocation	I booked a twin room for two nights through late rooms , on the 1st night I was given a smoking room on the smoking floor which obviously smelt awful. They have no true twin rooms also , instead you have to unpack a sofa bed each night. I asked to be moved but was told this would not be possible until 3pm the following day, so my clothes had to remain packed all day . Totally unacceptable for a hotel that is supposedly 4 star , they could also do with more bar staff to serve the residents as the bar was extremley busy each evening.This will be my last visit to the Novotel I will pay £20 extra for the grange across the road in future	
Sep 16 2009 	Very nice	The bedrooms are very clean. The bathroom was lovely and very modern. The toilet is separate from the bathroom which is always a big plus for my family. The hotel is quiet and is situated very close to the Tower of London and the tube station.Disappointed with the breakfast. All self-service. Not a wonderful choice but sufficient. Main complaint being the full English breakfast, the bacon was greasy, the sausages awful, the tomatoes were hard and cold. There was only one toaster which proved to be a problem when lots of people required toast all at once, the toaster was also very slow. The staff however were very helpful and courteous.	
Sep 14 2009 	Excellent value hotel!	Stayed at this hotel for 1 night with my boyfriend an my 7yr old daughter. Excellent rooms, spacious, clean and very comfortable. Very close to River Thames and Tower of London. Tube station extremely close for travel around the city. Plenty of restaurants close by. Staff very helpful &amp; pleasant.	
Sep 8 2009 	Good Choice	Great hotel to explore London with all the sights within a few tube stops - hotel very clean and comfortable with an excellent breakfast to start your day - room spacious but air con not very effective even at maximum - had to open window at night and was a little noisy in the early hours.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great	Simply great value all round. Stayed for 2 nights in June with 2 teenagers. Room was a bit squashed with 4 of us in, otherwise no complaints. Staff exceptionally helpful - gave us access to room at 7a.m after overnight arrival from Oz, with no extra charge. Buffet breakfast superb, but get there early. Gave us a packed breakfast &quot;to go&quot; on departure as we had an early train to catch. Close to Underground but don't rely on it opening on time on a Sunday for the first train. We did and got caught out as insufficient staff arrived to open up the Underground Station in time for the first train!	
Jul 20 2009 	Very good location near Tower	Stayed here two nights on a citytrip to London. Very friendly staff, nice clean rooms.Breakfast was also great, considering I was expecting a proper 'English' breakfast.But the best part is definitely the location: very close to the Tower and thus also to bus and metro-stations.	
Jun 27 2009 	Fair value for money	I have stayed in this hotel for business purpose and I have been positively impressed. Rooms bigger than Novotel style. Location is near the Tower of London with quick access to the subway (2 mins) with the same name. Just for breakfast do not consider the buffet all the offering and read the paper on the table, it comprises the complete menu... Internet free in the lobby... A tiny but nice Spa..	
Jun 7 2009 	Nice location	This area wasn't our usual area of London to stay in, but thought we'd try something new this time.The hotel was very nice, though the shower was a bit weird! Functional though.Location is great, and very convenient to the Underground. Quite easy to get to the West End for shows as well.My only complaint is that is it a bit of a challenge to get to Heathrow from here -- 1:20 on the underground. Other option is via Heathrow Express from Paddington, but hotel is a exact opposite side of the Circle Line, so a challenge.	
Jun 4 2009 	Fantastic clean modern hotel great base to see London	We stayed 3 nights at this hotel, B&amp;B, 2 adults and 2 children. The description said a double sofa bed for the kids, but this was actually split into 2 singles which was great as they didn't have to share ! The room was plenty big enough for us all, and was spotlessly clean and modern. The tea/coffee/biscuits were filled every day and the linen and towels changed. The bathroom was modern and spotless, with an excellent over bath shower and seperate toilet. The reception staff couldn't do enough to help. We were there on business but took the kids to see the sights, and reception googled each address we had to visit and gave us clear directions. The breakfast was fantastic, a great choice of all traditional english hot foods and continental, all ash fresh as it could be. It was buffet style but the restaurant staff were very helpful and friendly. Breakfast is served from 7am till midday so no rush to get there, and the restaurant is clean and modern. Each room has internet access and a flat screen tv with keyboard. The hotel is a 2 minute walk from Tower Hill Tube station, which is on the District and Central lines, and couldn't be easier to get to. (Don't make the mistake we did and get off the tube at London Bridge, as this is on the wrong side of the Thames !!). We covered all of London with no problems or waits at all. The hotel staff were all very good with the kids and we had a great stay at a great price. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, with or without families, business or pleasure. (The evening meals looked great, but we didn't eat in the hotel at night so cannot comment further on this).	
May 26 2009 	Great Hotel	Just spent 3 nights at this hotel with five friends and had a great time. The hotel is ideally situated right near the London Tower. The rooms are clean and bright and it was good to have a mini bar that was big enough to store our own wine. There is a taxi rank just outside the hotel and plenty of places to eat, Weatherspoons is just around the corner. Best of all breakfast is served until 12.00 noon so no rushing down to get a table. All staff are polite and helpful so I will definately return here again.	
May 22 2009 	Good location for sightseeing but a bit pricey for what you get.	Location good for sightseeing. Near Tower Bridge, Tower of London, Tower Hill Stn and Bus tour companies. Location is lacking in nearby family eateries.	
May 7 2009 	Good Hotel in a Great Location	We stayed at the Novotel for a long weekend with the children to explore London.We had booked two rooms and requested interconnecting rooms, but were told they couldn’t guarantee this but would mark it as a request.When we arrived on the Friday, we were delighted that the hotel is literally around the corner from Tower Hill Tube station. This would have been perfect, had there not been scheduled maintenance for the whole weekend, which of course we hadn’t known about at the time of booking and hadn’t checked on before we left! However we used the Ferry service from The Tower of London, which was a lovely way to travel, although obviously not as cheap as the tube. (1/2 hr journey to Westminster, also stops at London Eye. Cost about £26 for a family ticket for the day.)The hotel reception was calm, light and airy. We were warmly welcomed and check in was fast and efficient. Our children were given a small soft toy each which they thought was fantastic.The rooms we were given were interconnecting. They were surprisingly spacious and one room was ready made up with two beds. The rooms were clean and comfortable. One of the bathrooms was slightly tired looking, with cracks in the base of the bath, but it was clean. The other bathroom was fine. As previous reviews stated the toilet is separate from the bathroom. The beds were reasonably comfortable, but I hated the odd half-sized pillows that were on all the beds, and on the first night I couldn’t get comfortable with them. They were small and over stuffed. However the next day I found what I considered to be proper pillows in one of the cupboards, so problem solved.Breakfast was good. It’s a buffet style arrangement. The pastries were especially nice. However, it was a scrum, as mentioned by others, and extremely busy. The first day we timed it right and went staight in, but we were early. On the two other occasions we had to queue, and they ran out of plates and bread which caused lots of people to mill around the food area clogging up the tables. But that said, it’s a popular hotel at the weekends so it’s hardly surprising. We also ate in the restaurant in the evening, and the food was good. The staff treated the children well and engaged them in discussion: it was nice to be somewhere where you felt children are not considered a nuisance. On the whole I really liked this hotel, it exceeded my expectations, and I would happily stay here again.	
May 2 2009 	Superb value 	got an excelent deal on a family room with expedia (£89 per night), clean modern room but a little cramped with the kids sofa bed unfolded.does indeed look like a 5* place, very nice &amp; comfprtable. Breakfast was a bit of a scrum for us as the place was very busy ( school holidays/ easter). Having said that, there was everyhting there you could want, loads of drinks plus ceraeals, toast, pastries, cold meats, full english etc. Not the best quality but typical hotel buffet breakfast.Superb location , able to walk down to the tower of london after breakfast, nicely located for tube staions plus cheap to get back to from the West end via taxi ( £16 friday night).would definatley stay here again.	
Apr 21 2009	Five-star service in a three-star hotel!	Take the Heathrow Express from the airport, and the Circle Line Underground from Paddington Station to Tower Hill and your first above-ground view of this fabulous city will be the Tower of London! One block back to your left past an ancient Roman wall is the Novotel Tower Hill Hotel.After landing at Heathrow at 6:30 a.m., and expecting to wander the city until the 2 p.m. check-in time, we were delighted when the desk clerk offered to check us immediately into a room identical to the one reserved for us (which was not quite ready). The view was not what our travel agent had originally requested, but the two hour nap we were able to get made all the difference in the rest of our day (and in London, who stays in the hotel room looking out the window?). A call to the desk on discovering our TV was not working brought a response of &quot;Maintenance will be there in 10 minutes!&quot; Within FIVE minutes, a friendly maintenance worker was in and out of our room and we had TV. The full English breakfast (included) was delicious, with eggs, bangers, English bacon, baked tomatoes, sauteed mushrooms, baked beans, and choices of cereals, pastries, bagels and juices -- and carried us long past lunch on some rigorous days of sightseeing. We were a few minutes late for breakfast one morning (served until 10 a.m.), and the staff was cleaning up when we arrived downstairs at the restaurant. Knowing we were late, we were prepared to eat out, but the waitstaff would have none of it, and brought us plated breakfasts piled high, and served hot! Hotel clerks were friendly and helpful in giving directions, advice and changing currency -- and we received a warm greeting each time we entered or left the hotel.The room was simple and contemporary in decor, spacious for Europe, immaculately clean with a comfortable bed and a foldout sofa for our daughter. The hotel lobby was attractive, comfortable, with free Internet access (20 minute limit).The only downside to the area at all (largely a financial district) was that eateries tended to close early, and on Sunday. But the hotel restaurant was open, and the one time we ate there other than breakfast, the food was good, and fairly reasonably priced, given the generous amounts served.When we return to London, we will stay at the Novotel Tower Hill again. This is rated a three-star hotel, but in it's heart (and ours), it's a FIVE!	
Apr 10 2009 	Grossly overpriced for what's on offer	Location: Good for tourism and the CityCheck-in: one harassed receptionist dealing with a swathe of tourists, with one manager on the phone for an unacceptable length of time, and a second clerk dealing with a balls up of a reservation. Brood of managers in the bar apparently immune to the backlog clearly built up.Room: Really basic, plastic bath/shower unit more akin to a caravan, reasonably comfortable bed, nice linen and towelsBreakfast: Bedlam! Queues handled on first come first served, based on group size - a number of tables laid for sizes that did not match the next queueing party were unfilled for up to quarter of an hour: trackway along the pastries/bread counter used for all traffic was way too small to permit this dual role. Pastry counter set up far too high - even a short adult struggled, let alone a child. Cooked food - mainly tepid rather than warm [let alone hot], sausages reasonably good quality, bacon dried out and awash with salt residue, scrambled eggs a mockery, tomatoes and mushrooms nice but cold. Coffee had to be replaced as it was served cold. Staff heavily overloaded, with only one lady manager on hand. Abysmal team support from upper levels.Checkout - wrong billing arrangements argued over, although reasonably quick.Price charged for room greater than GBP210! Stay at the Travelodge and treat yourself to good food outside on the difference.	
Mar 21 2009 	Great location	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights whilst on a business trip and the location could not be better if you want to be in the heart of the City. My 6th floor room looked within touching distance of the Gherkin and Tower 42; the Tube station is just around the corner and there are plenty of bars and restaurants in the vicinity.The room was very clean with the usual tea, coffee minibar; it also has internet access and iron and ironing board. The toilet and bathroom are separate and it has an amazing shower a big power shower head and a smaller shower head for rinsing which I thought was a good idea.I had a very comfortable stay as the room had a queen size bed and also a sofa the only downside and it wasn't the fault of the hotel is that there is a lot of building going on outside the front of the hotel and the crane was noisy but this stopped about 6.30pm. The breakfast was good buffet style and plenty of it, hot and cold table.All in all I would say that I had a very comfortable stay and found the staff to be more than helpful.	
Feb 21 2009 	Great location - a few eccentricities	Actually we may have had a dodgy room. The bed was close enough to the bathroom door to make it a bit tricky to get in - open the nearest door and you'd blocked your way in - so that was all a bit counter intuitive. Then the lavatory was separate, with no handwashing... So that's the door out, plus the wrong bathroom door, then the right door before you could wash your hands. If someone else is in the bathroom, you had to remember to not pick up the remote or the phone or make the coffee or whatever - but did the person before you? Don't dwell on it perhaps.The bed was not comfortable and you might want to take your own pillow. It was also a tad noisy. That said, it is so very close to Tower Hill tube and you can walk down to the Thames in minutes - fantastic view day or night. If you get a really good deal, breakfast included, it is probably worth it.	
Feb 19 2009 	WOW for the price!	We got a great deal of £109 B and B on the novotel website. We are rather fussy but after reading review on this site were looking forward to the trip. The hotel is so easy to get to and find on the tube fron Kings X. The room was ready by 1pm and nothing was abother from check in to departure. Breakfast was lovely and much better than most 4 star hotels we have stayed in! Room was fine , a big bed, big bath however we had to ring twice to have more towels. We are all for saving the environment but like my own towel and not to share!!!! Toilet is separate from bath shower and basin which was rather odd! Anyway for the price and ease of location to get into town would stay again and recommend to others.	
Feb 18 2009	Excellent staff would happily stay again.	Rooms were very clean. Service was excellent. Staff were polite and very helpful. Breakfast was plentiful and fresh. Location was excellent just 2 minutes walk from Tower Bridge tube station and also the Thames Clipper water taxi service. There is on street parking available and single yellow lines on most roads surrounding the hotel so parking is not a problem at the weekend. LCD tv and iPod docking facility with speaker in bathroom (mutable by request to room service). Would happily stay here again and recommend this hotel.	
Feb 1 2009 	Very pleasant stay with kids	Slept there 3 nights w/ family (2 kids of 12 and 14). Even if not in downtown, the location is quite useful for sightseeing: it is very close to the Tower of London and just nearby the underground stop (few steps around the corner); the bus stop is just across the main street (and the bus trip to Trafalgar takes less than 20 minutes). Of course, if you want to be in the very hard-core of the city, this is not your hotel.The hotel looks well manteined and clean.The place and the neighbourhood are quiet and safe: we came back late night walking from metro station without any fear or bad feeling.Room was not huge (we were 4) but enough for our turistic pourposes (after all we were in the hotel just for sleeping and breakfast), but the bathroom could actually be a little bit bigger to be perfect. The breakfast is average Ok with enough choices for almost all needs.I have tried some other Novotel (Paris, NY, Berlin) and I found this one to be at the same good standard of all others.The price... yes it's not the cheapest, but it's London folks, and considering some other alternatives, I feel that I made a good deal.	
Jan 23 2009 	Good price and convenient location	I paid 99 pounds per night for 2 adults and 2 children in the same room, including breakfast. The hotel was under restructuring work (they did not tell me about it during the booking), however the noise and disturb was minimal. It is conveniently located near the metro station and the city. Rooms are clean, service is nice. I recommend it to both families and businessmen	
Dec 20 2008 	Wow!	Took the tube to Tower Hill and went up the steps leading to the exit asking for the hotel, expecting to find a decent Novotel within walking distance. Imagine my surpise when I found the hotel to be practically opposite the exit just round the corner, and to be far far far better than the decent 3-star I was expecting! The staff are well-trained and business like, the cleans very clean, the fittings in excellent condition, the towels so big and soft, the room incredible with a full view of the Tower of London ! B fast was quite good too, great cooked coffee and wonderful baguettes, sausage etc. (just avoid the scambled eggs unless you love margerine).Quick transport via tube to all places of interest including shopping with 1 interchange, but avoid the bus except at night. Route 15 takes you from most places to 3 mins distance from hotel, but journey is long due to traffic.Strongle recommended! Book via hotel website as you get the best price there. I booked at less than GBP100 a night, breakfast included. Great value for money!	
Dec 10 2008	Close to the city centre	The hotel has a very good location, indeed. It's just 2 minutes from the tube station and the station itself is only 4 or 5 stops from Oxford Circus. There's also a bus stop to double deckers which go to the city centre.Breakfast is hearty and even those who don't like typical British breakfast will find something for themselves.The room was very spacious and comfortable, although I get the impression that we got a room for a disabled person, since there were some gimmicks to help the disabled move around. I don't know if all the rooms in this hotel are so big, but this one was definitely nice.The staff is very friendly and helpful. There is a special room in the hotel wehere you can leave your luggage even after checkout.	
Nov 19 2008 	Great Hotel	Myself, my mum and my sister stayed in this hotel for a 3 day theartre/shopping break. I have nothing but praise for this hotel. The staff could not to much to help you weather it be for extra tea and milk in your room or help with the underground or just ideas of places to visit. The hotel had a very high standard of cleanliness from your room to the hotel lobby area and corridors. Breakfast was also a very high standard with plenty of choice of food from a self services bar. Table were cleared away very quickly leaving plenty of places to sit.The hotel is very central and is a one minute walk from the local tube station and runs on two off the main tube lines for london. The hotel is also a two minute walk from the Tower of london and London bridge.I would recommend this hotel to anyone thinking of visiting London, but my only advise is book through the Novotel website as you can get some really good deals.	
Oct 31 2008 	Good location	This hotel is located literally just around the corner from both Tower Hill &amp; Fenchurch Street stations. This is a good a good base for exploring both the City of London (Tower of London, St. Paul’s, Petticoat Lane etc and the South Bank. It must be pointed out that this in the heart of the financial area and whilst busy during the week, the weekends are deadly quiet with most shops, bars and restaurants being closed. Only fault with hotel is lack of air conditioning in the bedrooms. When we mentioned on check out how hot we were we were told that it was because it was just a cool/warm air system in the rooms. At £99 for the night for two, bed &amp; breakfast, who would dare complain?	
Oct 19 2008 	Curse of the smokers	Very comfortable hotel, great location BUT when booking I requested a no smoking room and guess what I got? Yes a smokers room which smelt. I asked to move but the hotel was full. I put up with it as it was only 1 night but hey Novotel get with the programme - more people dont smoke than do and this is the first time this has happened to me. Shame as the rest of the hotel was clean, shiny and comfy. If I had had a no-smoking room my rating would have been excellent.	
Sep 25 2008 	Quality Hotel	We arrived at the Novotel for 1200 as it stated on the website that you could check in from that time. However, they did not have any non-smoking rooms available until 1400 so we decided to wait. Service at the reception desk was very friendly and obliging. While we waited we had lunch in the bar which was really good. When we checked in at 1400 we found we had been upgraded to a superior room which had a super view over to the Tower of London. The room was clean, well presented and made the most of the space although not huge. Although there was quite a lot of music coming from the neighbouring Grange Hotel when we returned in the evening the Novotel is well insulated so you actually heard very little. The breakfast was good and well stocked. Again, check out was speedy and friendly. This hotel is good value especially at weekends. It is close to Tower Hill tube so gets you away from the major hustle of the city but you are still in a great location.	
Sep 24 2008 	Great stay in central London	I recently stayed at the Novotel Tower Bridge when in town to see a concert. I booked the stay 8 months in advance so I managed to secure a fantastic rate. The hotel was very well located, right across from the tower hill station and easily accessible to all of central London. As expected from the Novotel chain, the room was modern and spotless. We were three adults so it was a bit tight however we were only in town for 3 nights so it was okay. My only complaint would be the whole bathroom situation. For such a modern hotel it seems odd that they would have the toilet in a seperate room from the sink and the tub. I have been to plenty of older properties where this has been the case but didn't expect it in what seems to be a rather new hotel. Overall it was a pleasant stay and I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again if the price was right.	
Sep 10 2008	no room at the inn	2 rooms were booked and paid for weeks in advance but when we arrived at 10.30pm on a saturday night we were told there were no rooms left and we were quickly put into a taxi and transported to hammer.smith.no apology or explanation was offered and the manager has not replied to my letter asking for one. the hotel had been informed in advance of our late arrival.beware	
Sep 3 2008 	Great hotel perfect location	For all kind of stays in London this is value for money. Right next to Tower Hill Tube Station with easy access to London. Because it is locatéd in the City in the weekends a very quiet area, but public transport is the key to your success. The hotel is what you can expect from a Novotel. Clean and modern. The staff is very friendly and service-orientated.Booked this hotel on the Accor website and paid GBP 89 for 1 night which is cheap for London standards.	
Aug 26 2008 	Perfect! Can't believe this is "budget" category!	WOW! We stayed here because of the location, and we were readlly WOWed by the hotel as well.Our only possible complaint is that we lingered over the sumptuous breakfast instead of heading straight out for sightseeing.My family of 4 booked online 3+ weeeks in advance, taking advantage of a great offer they had the required prepayment (this made my husband VERY nervous!).Our roomS were very large -- the sofa bed was in a separate room from the bed, essentially making it a two room suite.One window overlooked the Tower of London itself (okay, the view was somewhat blocked by some very large London plane trees, but you could still see bits and pieces of the Tower), and the window of the bedroom was almost level with a fabulous statue on the maritime memorial building beside us. It was really stunning to look out the window at a larger than life statue of someone riding a chariot, being pulled as though it's about to enter the room.The hotel was very clean. When we arrived, it was VERY busy, and we discovered this was typical. But, hey, it's a sign of popularity, huh? They served us quickly and efficiently.Our ONLY real complaint was that we weren't given instructions for the lift, and spent a good deal of time with backpacks/luggage getting on and off the lift trying to figure out why we weren't going anywhere. And we had jetlag, making it even more frustrating in our exhaustion. Another guest saw us and helped: one must use the room card on the elevator to make it work. While we liked the security this added in such a busy location, we were still frustrated to find out how to use it. We offered our assistance to several other families we observed who experienced the same difficulties.,Food: GREAT and ABUNDANT. Courteous staff who busily kept everything well stocked.The beds/room were clean and comfortable. We loved our stay and regretted it was not available again when we returned to London 2 weeks later before our departure from England. We will definitely stay there again for any opportunity we have.	
Aug 18 2008 	Location - Location - Location	We have just returned from a two night family stay at this wonderful hotel. Our check in was swift, and our room was inviting, if a little tight with the sofa bed out.The location is excellent, you are a hop and a skip from the Tower and Tower Bridge, and if a nice stroll and comfortable dining are your thing then head to St Katherines docks. Literally a 5-10 minute walk. Wonderful setting with Sunseekers moored everywhere, and excellent dining (Italian, French, Japanese, Medieval Banquet, Bars etc)Tube stop is very close by 2-3 mins tops! However I like to take my family around above ground so we took a taxi to the West End on the first night (Went to see Zorro. If you haven't already, BOOK YOUR TICKETS! This was spectacular!) and the taxi was around £12, and about £16 to get back. Not sure that this is always the case as there are some roadworks on the main route which held us up around 5-10 mins and added to the bill.Same next day to get to Buckingham Palace, so if you are taking cabs to that side of London, allow £30 to go there and back. (personally, we all love the views and to us it is worth it).Now, back to the Hotel. Breakfast is excellent, with a large supply of most things you could want. One tip though, avoid 9-10am as it is very busy. Also, on Sunday the Breakfast runs until 12pm!!! Now that is a bonus. (We noticed that some people staying at the 5* hotel opposite actually came over to the Novotel for breakfast and paid directly!)We had booked a late family checkout on the Sunday at no extra cost. (It is offered on the website, but make sure you request it when booking) This meant the room was ours til 5pm. This was superb, as in the day we went to the Tower, and cam back to our room to pack and relax at around 4pm before our departure.As with all hotels, mini bar, was expensive (and untouched!)Really recommend this hotel. Service was excellent, and for £89 per night including breakfast for a family of 4, an absolute bargain to boot.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great hotel in great location	I was looking for a hotel room big enough to take 3 adults for a girls weekend shopping in London. I was amazed how difficult this was. I sent an email to this hotel and they were so helpful and offered such good value accommodation. The Hotel is just around the corner from the Tower Hill underground station and also from the Tower of London.The reception staff were very busy Novotel should look in to putting more staff on the desk to help them out or a concierge during busy times.The hotel is clean and feels new, the bar staff were friendly and funny and even the maid's smile and say hello!I will certainly return to this hotel.	
Aug 7 2008 	Excellant Value	Got a great Summer deal £89 including breakfast. Room sleeps 2 adults and 2 children, from accorhotels.comBasic but clean room, good breakfast. Location was approx half an hours walk to the west end, tube stop 5 mins walk. This was a great stopover hotel for us. The car parking facility beloings to next door hotel and costs £8 - £10 for per night.	
Aug 6 2008 	good deal for a family	beside the London Tower and Tower Bridge, very close to a undreground station.	
Aug 2 2008 	Enjoyed our stay at Novotel Tower Bridge	We've just returned from a long weekend in London, we stayed at The Novotel Tower Bridge, which is an excellent 3 star property. We were unsure about booking it at first with it only being a 3 star but we were pleasanty surprised. We needed somewhere close to Tower Bridge so gave it a go.You can just walk out of the hotel and you are at Tower Bridge, its great for exploring the Tower, St Catherines Dock, Butlers Wharf etc a walk along the Thames, and you can get the boat easily for a cruise on the Thames. Which we did and would thoroughly recommend, buy the Red Rover ticket and you can &quot;hop on and off&quot; (£10.50). We also went to the O2 on the Thames Clipper and this is so easy and only costs £8 return. Must be the easiest way to get there and great for concerts as it runs till 1.00am. Buy a return ticket and you'll miss the queues coming back!Breakfast is good (hot and cold buffet) and what you would expect from a good 3 star hotel. We had a deluxe room on the 5th floor which had recently been redecorated and was very clean and bright. Lovely bathroom with separate shower (which we like!) Only thing we found annoying was that you need your door pass to operate the lift (we couldn't find any stairs!) and this failed on several occasions so we had to have it reactivated at the desk. But apart from that no problems and we enjoyed our stay!	
Jul 25 2008	Horrendous customer service - avoid	Arrived here and was not acknowleged by the receptionist who walked off. Eventually the unfriendly girl checked me in. Room very standard and extremely hot even though it was about 18C outside. The air conditioning is pathetic. Breakfast at £14.50 per head was a rip off. Being an Accor Favourite Guest card holder I have stayed in numerous Accor chain hotels and this was by far the worst. They haven't even the decency to credit my card with loyalty points despite numerous emails most of which were ignored.	
Jul 18 2008 	What No Air-Con?	Have just returned from several days stay here and, to be honest, was amazed that the hotel is not air-conditioned. Now, I realise that in the middle of winter this may not be much of an issue but in summer? I was told that if I needed one they could supply a small electric fan. Still, I was amazed that a property of this type and age does not have air-conditioning.	
Jul 8 2008 	Poor tv options	Good clean hotel with good size room for a London hotel. Selection of tv channels is very poor. The system is geared up to you spending money on their premium channels.	
Jul 2 2008 	Very Nice People	Very good Hotel. I recommend it and I will return there. Standard Novotel room with a lot of space for my family-we are four. Standard Novotel breakfast. We use Novotel hotels because they accept all of as (family friendly). I give them an A in all. Close to a tube station, close to train station and close to river metro station-dock. We had an excellent time.	
Jun 18 2008 	Nice hotel	This was a nice hotel within walking distance from the London Tower and Tower Bridge. Hotel was clean and staff was nice and helpful. Sofa sleeper was even comfortable. Also close access to city bus stops, metro and the hop on/off bus tour stop.	
Jun 16 2008 	A Novotel is a Novotel	We found a good price for the night we needed on Novotel web site, so booked this hotel.What can I write about? A Novotel is a Novotel doesn't matter where you go, it is still a Novotel.The hotel is actually just 5 minutes from Tower Hill underground station, really around the block, but it is obscure, even the street cleaner I asked at the tube exit had no idea. This tube stop has plenty of stairs to walk too, so if you have heavy luggage? Well, not exactly a good choice. If you can, feel free to take the bus 15 which goes across the city and stops at Tower Hill station.(When you get out of tube exit, left is the main road with heavy traffic and Towers of London; right hand side is the small street, just go down that small street called Coopers Row and hotel is on the left.)We got there early, so we checked in, and room was ready, got into our room immediately. Front desk was quite busy, and they for some reason did not have enough staffs, so we waited at front desk for 10 minutes in a &quot;queue&quot;.Big room, free safe, wardrobe, tea coffee kettle, big bathroom, clean, everything working, in good repair condition. The fuse jump at around 10PM so our whole room went dark. Called front desk, and it was remotely fixed within 5 mins.Big restaurant. Had breakfast there, English breakfast. Well made, plenty of choices. No complain.Luggage store near front desk, so we checked out in the morning, left our luggage there, and came back to collect our luggage in the afternoon before heading to airport.The only warning I give is make sure you read your confirmation properly, as the confirmation I got states:89.00 GBPBreakfast(s) / AdultJAN 01 2008 &gt; JAN 02 200813.50Turns out it means breakfast per person is GBP 13.50 extra per person!	
Jun 15 2008 	Average hotel	The hotel was ok for a short stay but the staff were quite rude and not in any way helpful and I also thought the location was a little bit dodgy, which I know contrasts with some reviews here. We were getting back to the hotel late and found there quite a few strange characters lingering around plus the street where the hotel was located (plus some in the surrounding area) was pretty dark. All in all ok but I probably wouldn't stay here again.	
May 18 2008 	Great Location	Recently stayed at the Novotel Tower Bridge with our 2 young children. Booked this hotel due to the child friendly comments on their website. Although we have previously booked 2 rooms, or apartments, decided to share! Was disappointed that room was not ready on our arrival after 12pm, even though it stated the room would be ready. This meant we had to re-organise all our bags in the lobby just as a coachload was arriving and leave them with reception. We didn't particularly want to use the room facilities but we could have done without public rummaging.Hotel is in excellent location on the edge of financial district and next to Tower Hill. Proved an excellent location for us, with a Pizza Express just around the corner. The children found the whole thing exhilerating, being near the hustle and bustle, yet near to the relatively open spaces of Tower Hill and the river.Very close to tube but limited line access, so many journeys involve going the long way round.Facilities in room were fine but didn't have playstation as such, as stated. You just play through the tv - we had hoped to use integral dvd but there was none. Not much room once the 2 extra beds were out. Bathroom was good for the children as the bath had a step inside.Breakfast was lovely but quite busy. We stayed on a thursday and Friday night.	
Apr 30 2008	clean but awkward	We stayed one night here while attending a concert in London. disappointing to not get a smile or acknowledgement from any of the four staff on the desk. The room is bright and airy, with a large bed. A large double door opens into the bathroom, with not a lot of space to get in.Bad points-tiny toilet in a little cubicle with no handbasin. Do your business, walk through th eroom into the bathroom to wash your hands!No space for clothes-a tiny tiny wardrobe, no drawer space.Be careful with the TV-press the wrong button and you will be paying £14 for internet access.Noisy outside-there is another hotel and a nightclub nearby. I got no sleep.We had a £30 deposit added to our card because it was a debit card not a credit card, the reception refused to refund it, saying it was a priority breakfast charge. We had to argue hard to get it back!Mouldy uht milk in the room.so, a nice clean hotel, but overpriced at £155 for a double.	
Apr 14 2008 	Nice hotel in good location	This is a nice little hotel in a great location. It is pretty standard Novotel fare in terms of rooms, fitout etc. But the restraunt is nice enough and it very central. Very business orientated during the week but can be decent value at the weekend. Can be difficult enough to get rooms during the week especially if there is a big event on. Close to many transport links and overall quite good	
Apr 7 2008	Good Hotel Convenient Location	Stayed at this hotel for one night whilst visiting london to see a show. The location is 2 minutes walk from Tower Hill tube which makes it ideal for getting about. On arrival the reception staff were polite and helpfull and allowed us to check in even though it was only 1.pm. The rooms are basic but clean and seem to be newly refurbished they have tea and coffee facilities and a flat screen tv. There is a seperate toilet which we found convenient. The best part of our stay was the excellent breakfast which is served up untill 12pm and offers choice of full english or cereals fruits etc.Overall i would say this hotel offers excellent value for a short stay in london with a good location for tube. We also took a taxi to covent garden which was £9 there and £11 back at night and can be found directly outside the hotel.	
Mar 24 2008 	Good Basic Room	Your basic businesss hotel. A clean and basic room. Small bathroom. Toilet in a small seperate room. (Very annoying). A comfortable bed, a small couch, a desk, a wide screen TV and not much else. Not even a real closet, a kind of alcove with hangers. The basic nordic wood look. The front desk staff was nice, and lots of free papers in the morning. Location is just above the tower of London and the tower bridge and near the financial district. Lots of shops and restaurants nearby in the Docklands, or a short walk across the bridge. Tube station is just a few yards away. Reasonable price. In summary, it got the job done nicely for a business trip but not much more. For runners, just cross over the tower bridge and run along the river toward the HMS Belfast, the path goes on for miles. Post run, a Starbucks is only two blocks away from the Hotel.	
Mar 18 2008 	Fab!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Fab!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Fab!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Had a fantastic time at this hotel......Friendly staff, good sized rooms and lovely breakfast!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!excellent location......stones throw away from the tube..........booked to go back in may!!!!!	
Feb 26 2008 	Great Hotel 	Booked through Superbreak for myself, daughter and mum. Hotel overall excellent, large clean rooms, quiet and comfortable. Only ate breakfast there but it was great and well run even at busy times. Ideally located just around corner from tube on circle and district lines. 2minutes to the Tower, big bus tours outside and river cruises. Would recommend.	
Feb 14 2008 	nice location	The novotel tower bridge is in a good location 3 minutes from the river, bridge and tube. The rooms are very clean and of a reasonable size. The staff are helpful and pleasant. I would have given a higher rating but I was disappointed with the breakfast. The usual items were available cererals, fruit, breads, rolls and cooked items sausages,bacon etc. but they were slow to refil empty dishes. One morning they ran out of bacon and the only type of eggs available were scrambled. This may sound petty but they charge 13.50 for breakfast which I thought was quite dear. However we did have a pleasant stay.	
Jan 6 2008 	good clean well priced hotel	stayed for 4 nights christmas 2007. Paid £92 per night including very good buffet breakfast in price. Very close to tower hill tube station, which makes all locations in london very accesable. will definately use this hotel again as the complete package was excellent.	
Jan 4 2008 	This Hotel is being renovated (early in the morning and noisily)	I am generally a big fan of the Accor hotel group and seek out their hotels where possible.The Novotel Tower Bridge is well placed in the city, but is currently undergoing renovation in a number of the rooms - which starts at about 08:00. My experience was continuous hammering in the room next door. When contacted reception Duty Manager would not stop the work.Walking down the corridor to elevator having decided to check out at 08:45, there was drilling taking place in another room.Having complained I was not charged for the nights stay.Until the reservations are complete, if you want a quiet room after 08:00 I recommend to stay elsewhere or ensure you have a room that is not near the work.	
Nov 28 2007 	Great location good hotel	Great location, good hotel, good breakfast.	
Nov 27 2007 	Good location for Tower of London 	Stayed her for the weekend with our 2 children 8 &amp; 10. If you book with Superbreak children stay free with free breakfast. There is a sofa bed with 2 separate singles made up with blankets. My eldest daughter said it wasn't particularly comfortable the youngest found it fine. The queen bad for the adults was comfy with a nice duvet. bathroom was adequate with a shower in the bath &amp; the toilet was seperate which was nice. Shower, bath gel &amp; shampoo available. Flatscreen TV &amp; internet keyboard. reasonable hairdryer attached in a drawer &amp; iron &amp; ironing board were ok. No alarm clock.Breakfast was adequate with good french specialities - croissants, pain chocolat, french bread. the fruit salad was a bit raw &amp; the cooked brekkie ok with a choice of sausage, bacon,grilled tomato, mushrooms, scrambled egg, baked beans, potato chips. If you want more than one cup of tea yopu need to ask - they come around with 2 jugs - if you say coffeee they pour it &amp;leave it on the table - if you want tea they just pour 1/2 cup &amp; walk on	
Nov 14 2007 	Good Hotel - Good Location	Stayed here over the weekend and found it quite good. The room was not too big, but o.k., equipped with safe, kettle and flat-screen tv. The furniture is already a bit worn around the edges though. The big plus was that it was absolutely quite from inside and outside, eventhough it was fully booked. The location is also a big plus, as it is just around the corner from Tower Hill Underground Station and its a good starting point for checking-out the southbank (Tower Bridge, Borough Market, Tate Modern etc.). The staff was nice enough and they have a locked room to keep your luggage if you request so. We did not use the restaurant, so can not commend on it. All in all a good hotel in a good location. Would certainly recommend it.	
Nov 3 2007 	Perfect place for sightseeing	This hotel was in the perfect location for visitors looking to do some sightseeing. You can't get any closer to the Tube, and although there were partial closures on the lines, it didn't keep us from getting where we wanted to go.The room was large by London standards, and it was clean, most importantly. The staff may not have been all that friendly, but they got the job done, which is what mattered most. Breakfast was fine, but had it not been included in our room, we would have eaten elsewhere.Overall, I think this is one of the best hotels you are going to find in the price range.	
Oct 31 2007 	Great family hotel	We stayed this hotel on the last weekend of October 2007, and were all very impressed. It is very new, close to the Tower, Tower Hill Tube and bus routes. Although the hotel was at maximum occupancy that weekend, we could not hear anybody in the adjoining rooms, the plumbing is quiet, the doors don't slam. The rooms are clean, a good size (esp for two) and nicely furnished (original lithgraphs, no less!). The toilet is separate from the rest of the en-suite bathroom, a boon when sharing the room with two children.We booked a room with queensize bed and a sofa bed. The sofa bed was very comfortable, and I would have happily slept on it (although we defended our queensize against the kids). The room was a bit of a squeeze with the sofa beds out, but less so than at other similar hotel chains. The staff were all friendly and helpful. Our 6 year old is still telling his friends about the speed at which housekeeping delivered extra sachets of hot chocolate mix to our room ( a 5 star country house hotel earlier this year took much longer and 3 calls to reception). Obviously his measure of luxury! Our boys loved the games room in the lobby, which has lego and a Playstation that was (astonishingly) amicably shared by lots of children. Just book a room, breakfast at the hotel is v expensive and theres a great cafe nearby (the Tower Cafe Bar) run by Italians which is far far better in quality and value. There is also a Pizza Express on the same parade of shops, with friendly waiting staff that like to look after tired parents. Our other tip is to use the 15 bus into the rest of London --- the drive past the Monument, St Pauls, down Ludgate and then onto Trafalgar Square is a treat and much nicer than the Tube.We had a great weekend and plan to go back.	
Oct 26 2007 	Excellent Location in London	Located right by Tower Hill station, and within a few minutes walk of The Tower and Tower Bridge, whilst being near The City business district, the Novotel is a convenient place to base yourself in London. Prices on the weekend are a lot more reasonable than midweek. Novotel is a Novotel is a Novotel. Seen one you've seem 'em all.	
Oct 18 2007 	Bland and inoffensive it's just another Novotel..	Stayed at the Novotel for two nights recently. It's got some up and downsides which make it a reasonably wise choice - but very much dependent on the price you get it for!It's location behind Tower Hill station and near bus routes such as the 15 mean it's well connected (however, a note to potential visitors. The Circle and District lines which serve Tower Hill are often closed at weekends for maintenance). The rooms were clean, and decorated in a neutral and ever so slightly bland style that Novotel's around the world seem to share. The bathroom was a reasonable size, though the small, seperate toilet room seemed pointless (and, well..small!).The downside seem to be, for me, the staff (the few that I encountered at check-in and check-out who mostly were slightly bored and or disinterested or even when checking out, walked straight by you). They neither seemed in anyway enthused about their job or even helping you out. It must be said the bar staff, however did seem much more attentive. Another downside was the strange sauna-like temperature in the corridors. I've no idea why they were so warm but it was very strange!All in all - if you get a good price, and don't expect too much in terms of attention to details, or decor the Novotel Tower Bridge might be a good choice. If you don't like chain/business orientated hotels then this probably isn't one for you!There was nothing glaringly wrong, but the whole experience was a little souless and lacking in finesse to make a great hotel or a memorable stay. Unfortunately, this is generally my experience of Novotel hotels, and it lets them down.	
Oct 3 2007 	Special Girlie Rooms	Having stayed in many hotels in London, in all price brackets and in all locations, this has got to be one of the best for value I have experienced. The rooms are the standard 3 star quality, but my friend and I got one of the rooms in the women's corridor - I believe this is one of the first hotels in London to have such a thing. No danger of meeting strange men late at night (unless you want to of course of your own volition!), and with extra toiletries, and a powerful heairdryer etc. Lots of extra 'girlie' touches.The staff was excellent throughout and very friendly. The quality of the food was good and not too expensive, and the bar was very pleasant. If you need to be at this end of town, there is nowhere better in my experience - you can't get closer to the tube. Our room looked out onto the platform at Fenchurch which wasn't particularly picturesque, but very interesting! Recommended.	
Sep 16 2007 	So Impressed!	With two young children in tow ( age 6 and 4) it was paramount for us to find a clean, friendly, reasonably priced hotel situatued in a safe yet central part of London. I searched the internet endlessly and almost went for Kings Cross Holiday Inn...until I read the reviews on this site. At the last minute, I chose a family room in this Novotel, hoping it wouldn't be too difficult to find from Kings Cross Station!In reality, this hotel was EXACTLY what we wanted and exceeded our expectations. It was immaculate, a 30 second walk from Tower Station, at nights, outside was silent so kids could sleep, the area was safe and the hotel service and quality I would rate with the Hilton group. The price was fab ( £150 for 4 for 2 nights).Next trip to London, we will definately return to this hotel.	
Aug 31 2007 	Great location and convenient hotel	I've stayed here a few times as it's one of the hotels Priceline regularly finds for me when I'm visiting London. It's a good mid-range hotel that has a great location (just round the corner from Fenchurch Street station or Tower Hill underground), so the rest of London's highly accessible. The rooms are clean, well-appointed and airy with good bathrooms. Breakfast is adequate, the bar's pleasant enough and the restaurant, although it doesn't look very exciting, is well-priced.I'd recommend this hotel to travellers who know London well - if you're not visiting the Tower there isn't a great deal to do here, but it's a very convenient base for travelling around London. As it's located on the edge of the City the area is rather quiet at weekends and you might have to travel a little further afield to find good pubs or restaurants, but that's always part of the fun of a London visit.I've used this Novotel mainly as somewhere to freshen up, change my clothes, store shopping, crash out at night evening and grab breakfast - it is perfectly adequate for all those basic &quot;pit-stop&quot; functions and given that this hotel can often be booked cheaply at weekends I recommend it to all visitors looking for a clean, modern base for a trip to London.	
Aug 28 2007 	Great Reasonably Priced Family Hotel	Great hotel if you want a cheap / reasonably priced stay.Rooms not massive, especially if you are a family of 4, but for one night it was fine. Clean and comfortable , reasonable sized bathroom, separate loo. Tea/coffee making facilities, TV etcBreakfast reasonably priced and good - self service.We were able to store our luggage for the day, the morning we checked out, which was a great help as we were meeting friends and didn't want to have to lug stuff around with us.The only bad point and this is not the hotel's fault, was that the tube station - Tower Hill - was shut at weekends due to engineering work, something we didn't even think about when we booked the room. Maybe worth checking if you are planning to stay here at a weekend. Taxis from Central London ie Covent Garden, around £20. However there appeared to be buses around, but we didn't use them.Would stay here again.	
Aug 26 2007 	Excellent value for families	We stayed at the Novotel over the bank holiday weekend with our 2 children aged 11 and 9. I booked through Superbreak. At £97 for the night including breakfast for the 4 of us it was excellent value. Unfortunately after letting us check in early we were not given the family room we had booked. It took a bit of time to sort this out but this was really the only glitch.The room was clean and comfortable. The full English buffet breakfast was excellent value for the 4 of us. The hotel is very close to Tower Hill Tube station on the circle line.In the past we have stayed at a Holiday Inn Express. I thought this was better value and in an excellent location. Will definitely stay there again if travelling with the children.	
Aug 21 2007 	Good Last Minute Deals	A friend and i stayed here on Friday night at the last minute after cancelling another hotel that morning. The price of £79 room only was very reasonable and the room itself was large, clean and had all the standard facilties. The staff were very accomodating (particularly after arriving back at 3.30am to realise we had left the room keys in the room). Location is brilliant for visiting the Tower and the tube station is literally a minute walk. One tip is that there is a whetherspoons pub on the next corner where you can get breakfast and drinks much cheaper than in the hotel. Unfortunately we didn't have time to visit the bar or the leisure facilities due to our concert that evening but i am sure they were of a high standard. Would definitely return.	
Aug 20 2007	Another Excellent stay	This is the second time we have stayed at the Novotel Tower Hill. Both times for one night in London. Clean, friendly and helpful.Rate of £89 for a double (excl Breakfast) quite reasonable.Excellently positioned for the underground (1 min to Tower Hill).5 Minutes walk to the Tower of London &amp; Tower Bridge. Would thoroughly recommend - I would advise asking for a view of the tower / tower bridge if possible. Looks great at night.	
Aug 14 2007 	22/23 June - Clean hotel good location great price!	We stayed at the Novotel in June. I initially didn't choose the hotel - it was by default as I was allocated one night there as a work freebie and to make more of a stay of it I chose to book an additional night.We (my boyfriend and I) arrived at 10.30am on a Friday morning. The staff were really quick to check us in and I was surprised to find our room was ready as check-in was 2pm. The bedroom was a good size (was a room with a sofa bed), it was also clean and had every modern convenience we needed. The bed was comfortable, the towels soft and the shower was powerful with good water temperature. We even had a seperate bathroom and toilet - something I hadn't seen in a hotel room before.Our deal was £109.00 inc. breakfast and I booked on the internet directly with the hotel. The breakfast was a buffet style and there was plenty of choice.The location of the hotel was great - better than I expected. There is a tube station just 2 mins walk away, the Tower of London is 2 mins walk away and just round the corner is a Wetherspoons which we found to be handy at the end of our long days. There is the option of getting a boat from the Tower of London to the Houses of Parliment/London Eye which was only about £7.All in all the hotel is great - I would definately stay again.	
Aug 8 2007 	Fantastic Hotel and postion!!! would go again	we found this hotel on the internet and found the price to be great! £79 for a night which is reasonable in london, we found it well, it has a lovely welcoming foyer and pleasant staff. our room was absolutly brilliant, clean bright, spacious, the bathroom was lovely, had a bath and a seperate shower, all nice and clean in there and fluffy towells, 2 per person ! the mini bar had basic wine and beer and soft drinks, the staff were great, all willing to help and easy to understand.the hotel is stiuated in a nice quiet (at weekends) area, and ther is bars and pubs around, it is a stones throw away from tower hill tube station, and right next to the tower, and tower bridge, we will definatly stay here again, it was such quality and value for money, we stayed for 2 nights, we had breakfast was buffet, and i have heard people saying it was expensive at £13 but i think that is reasonable for a hotel in london really, i would say its suitable for singles, couples and familys and business trips, we certianly saw all of the above while we were there!	
Jul 25 2007 	Great place to stay	Stayed here on a Saturday night in July, friendly staff, modern, clean well equipped hotel. One problem was our room wasnt ready when we checked in, but hotel locked our baggage away for us until our return. Did not get chance to use sauna etc, to busy sightseeing.You are a good half hours walk away fron central London, but opposite the tower and tower bridge, You can walk along a deserted Fleet street to get to the centre, not many shops open in the financial area on a saturday morning. There is a Weatherspoons pub just next to the hotel, along with a tube station, so eating on a budget and getting around is no problem. Cost £20 for a taxi on the evening to get from Victoria, be aware it is just outside the main city. Car parking is easy, the hotel will direct you to an NCP park five mins away,If you arrive after 1.30pm on the Saturday its £2.00 to park for the afternoon and £2.00 all day Sunday. also the hotel is outside the congestion charge zone.Will stay there again.	
Jul 23 2007 	Very good stay	Novotel offer very good rates at the weekend. This hotel is close enough to the centre of London to see most things. Being close to the river is a bonus. The rate we got included breakfast. Staff very pleasant, very well trained with the customer always first. Thanks for a great stay.	
Jul 16 2007 	Stylish Hotel	I stayed here for two nights with my husband and 12 and 13 year old boys. The location is suberb! You can walk right outside and see several sights without even hailing a taxi or using the tube. When you are ready to move on, the tube is right around the corner from the hotel. We enjoyed our stay here and found it to be a very clean and well kept hotel. The room was attractive and the bathroom was very efficient. The front desk staff was very helpful and one of the receptionists spent a great deal of time helping us figure out how to take the tube to Heathrow. We liked everything about this hotel expect that the rooms are really too small for four people. One other small complaint was that the room keys were very tricky to use in the elevator and required several swipes or help from the front desk. Other than that, I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 19 2007 	great hotel and location	I booked the novotel in tower bridge, as i got a really good rate via the internet.there were four adults and two teens, 15 years of age, and as kids go free up to 16 years of age, this made it an even better deal , this also included breakfast (buffet)The hotel was really close to the tower hill tube station, in fact you can see the hotel as you come away from the station, 2minutes away at the most, and fenchurch station is after the hotel. The hotel is situated on a quiet street with another hotel just across the way, the reception is bright and airy, smart and efficiant staff tend the desk and were very helpful.the rooms were clean and bright, and had everything at hand, hairdryer, iron and ironing board, mini bar, tv with pay per view movies if desired, playstation,tea and coffee making facilities, etcthe bathroom has a shower in the tub a well lit mirror round the hand basin, good thick white towels and complementory shampoo, shower gel and soap .The toilet was separate from the bathroom.As there were 2 adults and 2 teens sharing our room we had a double bed- well it could have been a kingsize actually,and a pull out sofa bed that was really comfy, it obviously made the room a bit tight but we had no problems and were comfortable for the duration of our stay, we also had the other 2 adults in our party were given the room next door on requestthere is a bar in the hotel and the prices are pretty reasonable, you can also order from a hotel/bar menu, and the food looked really nice and well presented.we visited the sauna and steam room and the small but efficient gym in the mornings before breakfast and found this a great little extra, the breakfast room was great and there was everything you could want, cereals, fresh fruit, cooked breakfast, waffles, bagels, nuts and seeds, all well presented and tasty.ALL in all it was a great stay , just across the road from the tower of london, really easy onthe tube especially our trip up to wembley....go book it now for your stay!	
Jun 16 2007 	Great Place to Stay	The Novotel London Tower Bridge was much better than we expected. The hotel was very modern and attractive. The lobby, restaurant, and rooms all were in excellent condition. The hotel staff were fine. Everything worked in the room. We had the breakfast buffet, which was pricey, but very good. It was very conveniently located to the Tower of London and the metro, and we had no problem getting cabs. Overall, we would stay there again.	
Jun 7 2007 	Location ace accomodation average	I booked this hotel as I was taking my neice to London for the first time and wanted a location close to the major attractions. The hotel is in a quiet street really near the Tower of London. When we visited it was the weekend and the street outside the hotel contained no traffic (although would expect that midweek this wouldn't be the case.THe hotel is also really close to the tube station although on the weekend we were there that was closed (along with half the stations in London). Anyone visiting at the moment would be well advised to check the London Transport website for station closures.Anyway the hotel entrance and public areas are well maintained and clean. The staff were friendly and helpful.The room we had was small and since there were three of us we were nearly falling over each other. The room was only basically furnished and didn't have much to recommend it. Breakfast was expensive although the food was plentiful.Overall I can't complain as I got a massive discount by booking on line. Had I paid the usual price I'd have been vastly disappointed, as the hotel charges over £200 a night for its rooms I'd expect more for the money.	
Jun 5 2007 	Excellent service	We stayed here in 2004, and a week ago, this time for one night with a family of 5. It is a great hotel, the service is excellent, and they had a good price.Best thing is the breakfast table!	
Jun 1 2007 	Good value quiet comfortable	We've stayed here 3 times and are visiting again this summer. The rooms are clean and larger than you get in some more central London locations. It is very quiet at weekends, being in the heart of the City and a lot of the pubs are shut. I wouldn't bother with the overpriced breakfast or eat at the hotel. There are plenty of coffee and cake places near the Tower, and pubs/restaurants, particularly at St Katherine's Dock (where, incidentally, I did a lot of my courting, many years ago! Ah, memories!) Although a little way out, the tube and DLR stations are only 100 yards away, and it's quick enough to get into the West End.Being near the Tower and the river, it feels less claustrophobic. A good walk is to wander across Tower Bridge and along the South bank to Westminster. The boat trips are great, and, even as an ex-Londoner, I learned a lot from the knowlegable boatman. Very popular with families, probably because, at weekends, you can fit a family of 4 into a room for about £79 per night, but keep the kids away fromthe minibar!	
May 3 2007 	Location location location	As everyone says location is the selling point for this hotel. One minute from the tube with the Central and District lines to take you to most central areas without having to change. Boat terminal also nearby so we took advantage and did a trip to Greenwich. Ours was a theatre visit and we felt that the hotel was near enough to the Aldwych Theatre to be practical and after having read about some hotels nearer the theatre district, this seemed a good bet. Yes, the area is virtually closed down on Saturday nights, (I have never seen closed pubs before anywhere!!), but we found an Indian restaurant round the corner (closed at 9pm) or we could have chosen to stay in Covent Garden to eat. Our room was on the first floor and had been modernised when compared to the room photos earlier. Adequate storagefor a weekend break, ironing board, safe and bath with shower. Queensize bed was comfortable and room clean. The air conditioning worked sometimes so we managed. Breakfast average with reasonable choice of hot and cold meals. Staff little slow at clearing but not worth complaining about. Staff were mainly foreign nationalities, but in particular the reception staff were very helpful. Overall we would stay again for weekend break if the attractions we were visiting were to east of London or the theatre district.	
Apr 26 2007 	Very Bad Experience	My 2 night stay at the Novotel at Tower Bridge was awful!! The Air conditioning did not work - looking at reviews on other sites, this has been a problem going back as far as June last year. I did not sleep at all on either of the two nights. The second night, the hotelsupplied a fan however the noise of the fan kept me awake too. When Icomplained about the lack of air conditioning and the over-whelming heat in the room, the staff were totally disinterested. Their Englishwas very poor and I am not sure they understood.The cold breakfast was ok but the hot food was appalling - the scrambled eggs were like rubber and the coffee was the worst I have ever tasted.For £150 a night NOT including breakfast, one would expect a lot better than this - never again!!	
Apr 20 2007 	Great value for families	We (family of 4) stayed at this hotel over the Easter break. We chose it because we intended to visit the Tower of London and we really couldn't have picked a better place to stay.We booked through 'Superbreak.com' and, at £87 per night including breakfast, I really can't fault this hotel. It was clean, the rooms big enough for what we needed, and the staff very accomodating to children. Whilst the breakfast was not the best I'd ever had, it certainly was not the worst.Location wise, the Tower is literally 2 minutes away but pretty much all there is of any interest to children in the immediate area. However, with a tube station less than a minutes walk away it really doesn't matter. With minimal blackmail, we were able to persuade our girls (aged 5 &amp; 7) to walk along the South Bank and eventually ended up in Covent Garden. With beautiful weather, it was a very pleasant afternoon out.I did check prices with the hotel website but it was cheaper to use 'Superbreak.com'	
Apr 12 2007 	Excellent choice for families	We stayed here for the second time for one night last week. It really is a good hotel for families - nice and comfortable and informal. Our two boys played on the playstation in the lobby whilst we had a drink in the bar - it is one of those bars that guests actually use - it is not overpriced and the bar food is excellent. We actually said we would come to the bar even if we weren't staying at the hotel.We had a standard room and it was fairly average but of a good size and very comfortable. We paid £79 room only which I felt was a good price - the breakfast here is good but we weren't going to pay £28 for it this time. The children had a free breakfast. A brilliant bonus is you are literally 2 minutes from the tube station. I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone really as there are a good mix of people staying here. I think most Novotels are a safe bet.	
Apr 1 2007 	Good location a bit pricey	Stayed here for 3 nights on business. Overall, it's a good business hotel. Nothing charming about it at all! If this were in the US, it would be equivalent to a Courtyard Marriott or Howard Johnson in terms of quality. Location is good in terms of convenience to the subway and the Tower Bridge and the London Tower. But it's in the financial district so after hours, the neighborhood is pretty deserted, nothing interesting to see, and most restaurants around it are closed early and the ones open are not interesting. Rooms are not very big and the closets are pitifully small! They also have those annoying hangers that discourage you from taking them (not that I do anyway!) but are hard to use and they don't give you enough (only 6 of them in my closet). The bathroom has plastic cups, thin towels, no robe, no slippers. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The restaurant is good but not one that I would take a date to or conduct a business lunch in. Btw, internet access in the room is expensive: approx $30 a day!Overall, a good hotel if you need to stay in that area of London. But value for money...I would go somewhere else.	
Mar 20 2007 	Good Hotel and great rates	LocationThe Hotel is located in the financial sector of London. It is about 100 yards from Tower Hill Underground station and about 800 yards from Tower bridge itself. The area itself is fine but at weekends nearly all of the local pubs/cafes are shut due to the business nature of the area.The hotel itselfThe Hotel itself is a modern 7/8 storey building. The bedrooms are large and ensuite. A/C is provided and the TV has about 14 channels. TV cing and Bloomberg being the only non British TV stations. Breakfast (buffet) was fine with a wide range of foods offered. Complementary newspapers (Telegraph and Independent) are provided. I do not know about parking a car but I presume that if you brought a car one would be subject to congestion charge.Price?We (2) booked a weekend (2 nights 2 breakfasts) and a show for a grand total of 312 pounds sterling.	
Mar 14 2007 	Spacious room and really calm	I stayed there for 1 night only and was impressed by the very spacious room. The toilets are separate and just next to the bathroom, which is also a good idea. The bathroom was spotless and the shower system really well thought so that no water would split on the floor as you can have in other hotels. Despite I was there on a Saturday night, I could sleep without being awaken by any noise. The breakfast buffet was OK but not that good (very difficult to lift the orange cans which were far too heavy for many people). Also, the breakfast room was too noisy but it was probably because there were many families with children.	
Feb 16 2007	Fantastic	Booked with 'superbreak' Total cost included 2 nights B&amp;B, Return train from B'ham, FREE Theatre tickets!! £216.... was a birthday pressie for b/f who had never been to london before. Clean hotel, feast of a breakfast, including pastries, yoghurts, hot buffet, lots of conserves. Couldn't eat again til tea time. (had it in the room the next day, wasn't so good!) The first night we eat in the bar, I had risotto which was well presented &amp; cooked to perfection, b/f had fishcakes, he seemed equally delighted, was reasonably priced too! Accommodating staff, Can't fault the place! Spent the next few days chilling in the room &amp; sightseeing, had free tickets from superbreak to watch blue man group, was good fun too. All in all very good stay, Thanks to all the hard working staff	
Jan 5 2007 	Perfect for a visit to the Tower	We had one night in this hotel on a Friday in Dec. We were going to a party on HMS Belfast and wanted somewhere within walking/staggering distance.The hotel is everything you would expect from a Novotel. Clean, well located, friendly service.The thing that makes it so great though is the location. 2 minutes from the Tower of London, but also right in the heart of the city. A very cool area (with a slight warning that obviously the City is a bit quiet at the weekend).And it was cheap - £79.00 for a central London hotel is a bargin in anyones book.I'd stay again.	
Dec 21 2006 	Basic hotel	I stayed at the Novotel Tower Bridge for one night in early December on a business trip. As my stay was so short (came in around 6pm the previous evening and checked out around 7am the next morning) this is going to be a short review.Front desk was friendly and professional and both check-in and check-out went smoohtly. Although the bill mistakenly included something from the minibar but when I explained I had not taken anything the item was excluded from the bill immediately.I had a room on the second floor overlooking a quiet side street. The room seemed to be very basic, yet, quite modern and clean. Furthermore, it was spacious. There was a bathroom, separate wc, wide bed, couch, and desk.I did get a good night's sleep and my only minor complaint would be the bathroom. There is sort of a bath/shower combination but the bath is too small (ie. not deep enough) to actually take a bath in it. I tried and did not enjoy it.The hotel bar seems to attract a mixed crowd of hotel guests and workers from nearby offices. Nothing fancy but if you want to sit for a while and have a drink before going to bed why bother going outside.This seems like a reliable hotel for short-term stays and it will definitely be one of the options the next time in London (in City). However, I would try to look for bargain rates in hotels closer to Liverpool Street Station as the area there seemed to me much more vivid.	
Dec 12 2006 	New Clean Business Hotel	The London Novotel Tower Bridge is a great business hotel. It would have been very pricey if I were not being reimbursed by my employer. The rooms are clean, spacious and the furniture is new. An ample desk setup makes working a breeze. The staff were very friendly and helpful. I shipped several boxes ahead and the staff alerted me upon my arrival and even brought them to my room for me. The room could have used a few more amenities - such as a bottle opener/corkscrew and for the price, could have had more high-end toiletries. The location is excellent! about 100 yards from the Tower of London - just make sure you check a detailed map before you arrive, especially by Tube. It's easy to get turned around and the street isn't shown on some maps.	
Dec 4 2006 	great hotel	stayed here fri 1st and sat 2nd december 2006. very clean, modern and friendly. room also very clean with great shower. no noise in my room, very quiet and peaceful, never heard a thing from going to sleep until waking up. where was all this noise a previous reviewer had commented on???? never ate breakfast in hotel, went to the wetherspoon groups pommelers rest pub at the junction of tower bridge road and tooley st. had a full fry for £1.99 both mornings. beautiful!!! highly recommended also due to it being a stones throw from tower hill tube station.	
Nov 26 2006 	Nice Hotel	We stopped here for an extended weekend break (Friday am - Monday pm) and had a lovely time.The hotel's location so close to Tower Hill Tube Station is a real plus (unfortunately it was closed for engineering works for part of our visit, it is only about 7 minutes walk to Monument/Bank Tube Station so we had a bit of walking to do)The room was reasonably large and the bed was exceptionally comfortable. The only complaint I would have was that it seemed to get rather warm at night and the chilling was not working so we had to open a window which made it a bit noisy.The bar was better than average and we had a decent Club Sandwich on the Friday evening. Bar food is served until Midnight which allows you to have a snack with your night cap.The breakfast was very nice and at weekends is served from 6am - 12 midday which I thought was very civilised. A good bit of customer service was a note from the management in the bedroom on arrival reporting that the hotel was full and notifying us of the expected busy times for breakfast which allowed us to plan our breakfast without having to wait for a table etc.The staff were eager to please and I could not fault them at any point during our visit and I heard no complaints from any other guests.In conclusion I would recommend this hotel and if they offer a similar deal through Airmiles that we got this time I would definately stay again.	
Nov 8 2006 	Not bad	Nice hotel in a very good location. Very clean inside, the breakfast is superb and the staff are particuarly friendly.Unfortunatly I wouldn't stay here again as the location which is good is also a problem - purely because of the amount of noise from outside - it goes on all night............and as I am a light sleeper it wasn't helpful for a nights sleep!I had a meal from the room service menu and it was not nice at all..........in fact I can't think of ever having a worse omlette.....But if you can sleep through noise then this place is fine.	
Oct 4 2006 	Great Location	Nice central location in the &quot;city&quot; area of London immediately adjacent to the Tower Hill underground station and Tower of London. Pros include easy access to attractions along the Thames and public transportation. The hotel was clean with an adequate size room for a 3-star hotel. Hotel was quite and staff helpful with 24 hr room service. I was allowed to check-in early arriving at 11AM which was very nice after the long transatlantic flight and excursion from Gatwick airport. Hotel restaurant and bar was &quot;not bad&quot;. Compared this hotel and rates with many others and satisfied with facility and cost.	
Jul 17 2006	Great hotel	We choose this hotel due to close proximity to a venue we were attending.Hotel is 2min walk from Tower HIll tube station and located behind Trinity House.Modern contemporary hotel. Found rooms to be clean, comfortable, great bathrooms, but air con was just OK. Temp that weekend was 30 degree plus (unusual for UK) and found corridors to rooms quite stuffy and warm. I'm not a fan of air con at night as light sleeper but was much needed. We were too late for breakfast, though reasonable at £13.50 each... 4/5* hotels in London normally charge £18.00 upwards. We ended up at JD Wetherspoons pub just along from Trinity Gardens and paid £1.99 for full english breakfast served til 12pm... a bargain in London ! I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone wanting to stay nr Tower area /Thames. We paid £79.00 for double room (room only prepaid rate) You can get river boat across to Greenwich or Westminster. Away from Tower of London, area is quiet. Sandwich bars/cafes all closed as mainly business location so busier during weekdays.	
Jun 26 2006	Great for families	This was our first family trip to London and were looking for a family friendly hotel that was located near attractions and transportation. This hotel is in what seems like an old building, however, upon entering, it is totally new on the inside. The loby is roomy, a small bar area, and small cafe. There is a cute little play area with play station and building blocks for children. The rooms are small but efficient with their space. We had two adults, seven year old, and a two year old and had plenty of room. The buffet was good and free for the children. The location was perfect. We were located at a tube station and across the street was a bus stop. There was a cute park for the children to run and play in behind at Trinity Square. Across the street is come kid friendly places to eat. We had a great experience and will use Novotel again across Europe.	
Apr 25 2006	Clean but not a good night's sleep	We have just returned from a two-night stay at the Novotel London Tower Bridge. We booked this hotel based on reviews from this website and the price we were able to obtain for two rooms for two nights. (84 GBP per room, per night - $585.00 US total) The hotel's website and our booking confirmation stated that we could check in at 12:00 noon and after. We showed up at the hotel at 11:55 am only to be told that there were no rooms available. (After having been traveling since 5:30 that morning!) We were also told to come back in two hours. The desk personnel did not seem sorry for the inconvenience and were not at all apologetic. Not a very service-oriented attitude. (A smile would have gone a long way here) We were, however, able to check our bags until we checked-in at 2:00. The hotel rooms were very clean and were pretty much as expected and previously described on this website. However, after reporting that our room was overly warm we were told that the &quot;air-conditioning was not working&quot; by the desk staff. The windows do open and we were able to air the rooms out somewhat, but the outside street noise was far too loud for the windows to remain open while we slept. Needless to say, the room became stiflingly hot overnight. To add to the discomfort, the sheets were the most uncomfortable sheets we have ever experienced at a hotel! They were extremely rough and seemed not to fit the beds properly and slipped out of position. A very heavy and lumpy duvet was on top and there was no topsheet. The mattress itself was fine. The fold-out couch bed was not too bad, but was far too small for two children over the age of 7 or 8 to sleep in together. There would have been no room for an additional cot unless you put it in the hallway in front of the bathroom door and the door to the hallway. Not a safe or convenient place for an obstacle. We certainly did not come to London to hang around a hotel room. We came to see the sights and hopefully get a good nights sleep after a full day of sightseeing. This is where the Novotel London Tower Bridge fails - a hotel should offer a comfortable's night sleep. An overly hot room and stiff, scratchy sheets do not make for a comfortable night's sleep! The bathroom was immaculate and the towels were plentiful. The room was very well cleaned while we were out. The shower was hot and the water pressure was fine. The buffet was ok. The price of the buffet is free for up to two children sharing their parents room. The adult price is $13.50 - roughly $25.00 US. There is no way that buffet is worth $25.00!!! By 10:00 am the hot items were no longer hot, just lukewarm. The cold items were better. Plenty of choices of juice and loads of fresh fuit and some rolls. It was just very over-priced for what was available. The waiter did come to our table immediately and brought us hot chocolate and a carafe of coffee. There was no cream available. We ordered an omelete from room service one evening. It came quickly, tasted great and was not too over-priced. The waiter that came to our room was very gracious. The location of the hotel is not central but is convenient to the Tower Hill tube stop and St. Katherine Docks (City Cruises line.) There is also just a short walk to the London Tower bus stop for one the double decker bus tours. If you were planning on spending a day or two in the city area at the London Tower and London Bridge area than this is a convenient place to stay. Prevoius reviewers thought the area was more quiet than other areas but with the windows open you can hear nothing but loud street noises and more than a few drunken revelers in the evenings.  We are planning another trip to London in the Fall. We would not stay here again.	
Apr 12 2006	Very happy with our stay	This was a late booking for a family of four and we were very happy with the accommodation. Room was adequate for us, beds were comfortable, bath and shower and separate toilet all clean. I agree with another reviewer that it was perhaps a bit warm at night.The breakfast was plentiful and varied and the restaurant surroundings were pleasant. Everything was clean and staff were friendly and efficient. We ate once in the restaurant and it was fine.It was well located by the Tower Hill tube and I would be happy to stay there again.I would recommend this hotel for a family staying in London and seeing the sights.	
Mar 28 2006	Loved it!	My now husband proposed here while we stayed here. Breakfasts were plentiful with good choice, the salmon my favourite.Bar was quiet but very inviting.Hotel was well located, and staff friendly.Hope to return soon.	
Mar 1 2006	Decent Hotel	This hotel is a reasonable balance of value with clean, decent accommodations in a central location (short walk to Tower of London, Tower Bridge and Tube). Breakfast provided good choice. Room included tub and shower. (Toilet's in a small, separate room.) I've included pictures. Our family of 4 stayed here for 3 nights Feb/06. I booked at the hotel website where breakfast was included (worth 13.50 GBP per person). The room rate here changes depending on the day, going from 99 GBP on a Saturday to 219 GBP on a Thursday. You can do better than 219 GBP, so we moved hotels on Tuesday to explore a new area. (To K+K Hotel George in Earls Court, also a good hotel.) The Novotel restaurant/bar area is modern, attractive and the food and service was very good. Staff was polite, helpful. Drawbacks to this hotel - smoke in lobby and bar was very strong most times (laws to prohibit smoking in public areas expected summer 2007), high rates mid-week, area is not good for evening strolls to restaurants or pubs. It's the financial district, everything is closed on weekends (pubs, restaurants, delis, markets) and there are no grocery/convenience stores, and few restaurants, nearby. I don't know if I'd stay here for a whole week with a family.	
Feb 27 2006	Superb value - handy location	Booked as somewhere to crash on a Friday night through lastminute. Managed to get a queensize bed, sofa and view of Tower Bridge for just £79 (rack rate was £185)... it was number 441.Very good size and superb value. Nice touches such as tv sound is also piped into the bathroom. There's an ice machine on every floor which is also handy.Only gripe was the staff. One guy offered to serve me in the bar and then walked off halfway through my order! Also had some minibar costs added to my bill despite having no access to it. Was eventually sorted out.Good location for tourists with Tower Bridge nearby. I recommend the short walk to St. Katharine's dock for a really pleasant walk.	
Feb 22 2006	Good Family Hotel	First and most important, a very short walk from the the Tower Hill subway stop (couple of minutes, this is important in London if you are with kids and luggage). And if you are taking the Stansted Express into Liverpool Street Station the Tower Hill stop is only 2 stops away. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms are modern and very nice and clean. The breakfast buffet which you should get in advance with the room rate is excellent and the service is outstanding. You can literally throw a rock at the Tower of London it is so close, and as I stated before the Tower Hill subway stop is minutes away and can get you anywhere in cental London very quickly. The rooms are soundproof and have cable TV and have a playstation that costs 2 pounds per day. This is a great bargain for London especially for families. Look no further this is an ideal hotel. Remember for the subway get a adult travel pass and kids ride with you for 1 pound per day. The fastest and cheapest way around by far.	
Feb 6 2006	Great Find!	We have just returned from a weekend away at the Novotel Tower Bridge. This hotel is a little bit out of the main tourist areas (Covent Garden,Leciester Square) however they are eaily accesible by the Tower Hill tube station which is literally a 2 mins walk away.I called up a week before we went to ask for an upgrade, they don't actually do upgrades but they put us in one of the best rooms 641-would definitley recomend this room as it has a fabulous view on the Tower of London and London Bridge!.From staying at other hotels round London I found this one of my favourites-this should be rated a 4* not a 3* hotel.Great find!	
Oct 20 2005	Great location - reasonable price	We originally booked only 2 nights but upon arrival found the hotel to be more than expected. The location is ideal. Close to tube (opposite london tower). It was away from the hectic centre of town though which made it more appealing. After 2 nights we spoke with reception to extend our stay however they could only offer us a rate which was almost double the internet booking rate. We accessed the net and booked online for a further 3 nights at the discounted rate.Rooms were clan and well suited to our requirments (young couple).We would suggest travelling via tube to other areas to dine out as options are limited in the area of the hotel. Hotel breakfast was good and reception staff friendly.	
Jul 24 2005	Great for weekends	4 of us stayed there in 3 rooms on the night of Saturday 9th July as we were in London for a party. I agree with other reviewers that the 2 - 4 rooms would be a bit tight for 4 people, but for 2 they were great.We arrived on a Saturday afternoon and the place was really quiet.Check-in was swift and as I'd requested we had been allocated 3 rooms on the top floor -(its quieter on the higher floors). Rooms were very modern, functional, clean and of minimalist design.The beds were comfortable - without being too soft - and all services worked without a hitch - (shower, tv, tea &amp; coffee making facilities).As a lot of people have already stated, the location is excellent. Most tourist attractions are only a short walk / tube / bus / cab ride away, and personally I was far happier staying in a very quiet part of town and travelling to somewhere with more action than staying in the busy West End.The breakfast in the morning was excellent. I've read another review where some of the food ran out by 9:30am, but we didn't experience this and all the food and drinks we had were great and in good supply.Checking out was as straightforward as checking in and as we had been advised by the hotel we were parked in an NCP car park about 500 yards away in the Minories. We were heading out of London by 11am on the Sunday and the overnight parking only cost us £2 which I thought was amazing value.Overall I'd say if you want a cheap no nonsense hotel accommodation package in and around the City of London, the Novotel Tower Bridge is an excellent choice. Definately book ahead of your visit though as we paid £52.50 per person including breakfast per night - which I thought was great value in Central London, but the prices you are charged walking in off the street as listed as over 3 times as much.I'd definately be happy to stay there again at the weekend.	
Jul 12 2005	Excellent hotel highly recommended	I booked this hotel having nearly stayed in a real shocker of a hotel elswhere in London which, thankfully, I saw a review of the day before I arrived! Got a great deal via the web and it lived up to the reviews, excellent service, great view of Tower of London, nice quiet location. Staff were helpful and pleasant and the rooms were clean, cool (it was a VERY hot weekend) and spacious.Would stay here again! Will use tripadvisor again too if I book any hotel, great service, wished I'd known about before now avoid those hotel shockers!	
May 30 2005	Bit of a let down!	The hotel was booked for one Sunday night to enable myself, my wife and 6 year old son to spend a bank holiday in London. The hotel is well positioned within seconds walk of Fenchurch St. station, Tower Hill tube and Tower Gateway DLR. The hotel is smart looking, clean and welcoming. The general running of the hotel however left something to be desired. The room had only one towel and we had to order more. The evening buffet meal was just short of £20 each for three courses - adequate but felt a bit like a captive audience as there is no where else nearby to go. (local Pizza Express closed !!) My son was offered a £5 version of the adult buffet or a kids menu. The buffet breakfast £12 for full English, £9 for continental came recommended by other reviews on this site - so we were hopeful of a hearty breakfast. Appearing in the dining room at 9.30 we were shown to a table, only to have it hijacked by another group whilst we looked over the buffet. Having decided the full english looked good, we enquired as to some more sausages only to be told they didn't have any left. (Breakfast is supposed to run until 10.30!) I opted for a continental as I wasn't going to pay full price for half a breakfast. I ended up with two bowls of cereal and a cold croissant for my £9 Hmmm ! Wife opted for continental also, had to ask for a bowl - a spoon and some milk - then had to ask for some bread to make toast. There were lots of staff about, all of whom looked busy, but there appeared to be no sense to the chaos that surrounded what ended up to be a stressful breakfast and a poor start to our day in London.	
May 15 2005	superb location	absolutely 1st class location, just across the road from Tower Bridge and only a few metres from Tower Hill tube station.Rooms are nicely sized, but a bit of a squeeze if you have a family room with four. For two there is plenty of space.All staff were courteous and polite.Breakfast was very good.Weekend package breaks are superb value and are worth seeking out.Would recommend to anyone travelling to London for the mix of value, facilites, service and location.	
May 12 2005	Brilliant Location Brilliant views Brilliant Breakfast!!!	I was regrettably only here for one night, but was suitable impressed by the hotel, even though i had not specified it, I still got a room with a view of the Tower of London!! The room itself was spacious, the bed was only reasonably comfortable however but for only one night it was good enough plus a comfy sofa which i guess converted into another bed. The bathroom was very modern, even a speaker in it so you could still hear the TV while showering..very clever! Also had one of the best cooked english breakfasts i'd ever had..plus a huge selection of continental breakfast for those with a smaller apetite...well worth a visit!!!	
Apr 13 2005	A great hotel great area! great breakfast!	Giving this hotel a four star may be a tad high, (maybe 3 1/2) however this hotel is really great if you are looking for a budget hotel in a decent location. For us Canadians, travelling to the UK is a very costly experience. However, you wont feel ripped off staying at this hotel. It is modern (small rooms, but that is typical of London), some ammenities and very close to the London Tower Bridge. You can be anywhere central in a 10 minute tube ride. But the feature that draws me to this hotel is the breakfast. That may sound crazy but this hotel offers one of the best hot buffet breakfasts that would run you over 25 pounds i'm sure (so why not get all the food you can included, a healthy way to start your day) The area is really neat. It's sort of nestled in the business area of town but just across the Tower Bridge are some funky shops and pubs. Bridget Jones Diary had a few scenes in the flats shot here. Have a wonderful trip!	
Apr 5 2005	Fab hotel for families	Stayed with my 2 children aged 11 and 13 for 2 nights in the Easter holidays to do some sightseeing. Had fab family room on second floor with good double bed. Kids had stowaway bed thing which was a sofa/day bed when not in use and great full size single beds when pulled out. Much better than tiny sofa beds or rollaway beds that you usually get in hotels. Playstation one access on bedroom tv for £2 per 24 hours which was great when my daughter and I went out shopping for an afternoon and my son could play happily away for a few hours. Also PS2 off reception area but only small lego table for little kids. Advise you get breakfast in with your rate as it really is worth having and has fabulous choice of full english breakfast through to fresh fruit salad, croissants, pastries etc etc etc. Really a feast to set you up for the day. Tube really is 2 minutes away and has district and circle lines. Short 10 min walk to Bank/Monument tube which has 5 lines running through it so really easy to take this route too. V easy to get to all major sights. Hotel is within Zone 1 for tube day passes (we paid £4.70 per day for 1 adult and 2 children) so good value there too. Hotel staff were really helpful and we had a great stay. Would stay here again next time in London. Kids under 15 stay and eat free, I think, but check. Check in and out at 12 which is good for London. We had room service meals and they were good value (£5.25 for kids meal) and v fast.	
Jan 12 2005	Great Location		
Jan 7 2005	Great base to explore Central London		
Nov 29 2004	Staff Very Accomodating		
Oct 8 2004	Loved the upgrade but glad we didn't pay it's price.		
Sep 7 2004	not up to scratch		
Sep 4 2004	Special Internet rates		
Aug 3 2004	Great hotel excellent value		
Aug 2 2004	Nice place - well located		
Jan 26 2004	Fine for business or leisure		
Dec 4 2003	Great Hotel in London w/Great Weekend rates/specials		
Nov 21 2009 	1er voyage à Londres		
Oct 18 2009 	ottimo hotel		
Oct 9 2009 	Idéal		
Oct 7 2009 	Radin !		
Oct 5 2009 	Straordinaria location		
Sep 28 2009 	??????????????????????		
Aug 25 2009 	Quanto di meglio ci si possa aspettare!!!		
Aug 24 2009 	Très bien situé pour découvrir Londres fonctionnel et à deux pas du métro		
Aug 14 2009 	Excelente		
Jul 23 2009 	ottimo hotel per famiglie		
Jul 22 2009 	tres bon hotel centre de londres		
Jun 17 2009 	parfait !		
May 4 2009 	Trés bon rapport qualité / prix		
Apr 26 2009 	Hotel buono e soddisfacente!		
Mar 12 2009 	Excellent pied à terre en famille		
Jan 4 2009 	Très bon hotel		
Jan 4 2009	bon hotel		
Oct 22 2008 	???????????		
Oct 10 2008 	Ideal para familias buen trato buena ubicación		
Mar 12 2007 	Excelente relación calidad-precio		
Mar 18 2006	Gute Lage ruhig gelegen sauber und sehr freundliches Personal.		
