	Fabulous	Could not fault this hotel - great location, lovely friendly helpful staff, spotlessly clean, comfortable bed.... everything you could hope for. Loved it so much that I intend to stay there again next week!The only down side was that the room service menu was not operable after 10pm but I found a mass selection of fast food joints just around the corner to stem my hunger!	
	Good location	This hotel's lobby is very small and not very nice. But the room is nicer but very small. I liked the bathroom but the white plastic floor in the shower is cheap and ugly and don't fit the rest of the bathroom which is nice. The design of room and furniture is ok. Bed was very good. Internet is free (only WiFI) and fast. I would rate this hotel 2 - 3 star not more. Location is very good if you come by train from Heathrow airport. Check in was slow and I missed a &quot;welcome&quot;. The lady in reception was in a bad mood and was not helpful. The food from the roomservice was avarage. Room was expensive even at discounted rate. Next time I will try other hotel in London.	
	Lovely	Had the pleasure of staying at the Hotel Indigo London Paddington for 2 nights. Initially had issues with being double charged for the booking, however in the end this was sorted. The stay exceeded my expectations and I would happily return.The Hotel is perfectly located near Paddington Station and is within easy access to a variety of restaurants (found it hard to choose where to go).Found all staff to be very helpful and knowledgeable and that they went out of their way to assist. Requests were actioned very quickly with a smile and I couldn't have asked for more professional, helpful, caring and friendly staff. At the end of the day you can have a great room, however it's the staff that make your stay good or bad. THe Hotel Indigo staff were a pleasure to interact with.While the Rooms are small (we had one of the few twin-bedded rooms), it is a boutique Hotel, the rooms are abundant with features and comforts. The rain shower was very well received as was the Ipod dock. The beds are extremely comfortable and spacious and the layout also very good. The decor is excellent and it's nice to see a Hotel that isn't afraid to splash a mixture of colours here and there. The carpet in the hallways looks amazing and bodes well with the rest of the interior. The Hotel is very well designed and it's amazing to think that there's a large number of rooms located within the facility (especially when you see the exterior and size of the Hotel from the outside).I would definitely return to the Hotel once again and would recommend it to friends and family. While I experienced some initial issues, overall I couldn't have asked for a better stay. The Hotel has alot going for it and if requiring accommodation in Paddington, I would definitely recommend you consider this Hotel.	
	Artsy boutique hotel--but comfortable clean and great location	The Indigo is a 3 minute walk from Paddington Station, which is itself directly connected by express train to Heathrow Airport. It is located on a street with a lot of pubs, small restaurants, etc. The area is pretty urban at night...a single woman or people from small towns might feel uncomfortable, but I don't think its unsafe. The rooms are small by US standards, but big enough. The bathrooms are quite modern and the plumbing works (not always the case in the UK). It is a new hotel, but even months from now should be clean, as it seems well maintained. The staff are helpful, but I don't think are native English speakers, so communication takes a little patience.	
Nov 12 2009 	great hotel	Stayed here end of Aug with a friend. Hotel was very clean and modern. The shower was huge :-) and the bed very comfy!	
Nov 3 2009 	Wonderful service and excellent location	I picked this hotel simply because of its location and I was still suprised by how ideal of a location it really was. It is a boutique hotel, therefore my room was smaller then a &quot;normal&quot; hotel would give you, but it didn't lack in any of the comforts or services of a luxury hotel. From the hotel, I had easy access to resturants, Paddington Station (the tube &amp; the train), Hyde Park, etc.I will stay at this hotel again and will recommend it to friends and co-workers.	
Oct 25 2009 	Two more excellent stays at the Indigo	I spent one night at Hotel Indigo last week with my wife on the way to Paris. Staff were friendly. I'm a Priority Club Platinum and got an Excecutive Room. Not sure how this differs from the other rooms, but it was very nice. The bathrooms are small but very functional and the decor in general is really nice. My wife had the vegetarian breakfast and said it was excellent.I stayed there again this week on business. The staff remembered me and was friendly as always. I had asked for early check-in and was told that they wouldn't be able to do it, but when I arrived, they had Room 101 ready. [Another reviewer complained about this room, but it was equivalent to the room from the previous week]. I arrived at 11:30 and needed a suit pressed before 1:30 PM the next day. The person at the desk suggested a local dry cleaner, called them up and worked out timing, and then I went the next day early morning and picked up my suit before I left for Heathrow. I worked happily for a bit in Phi (the restaurant and had a very good latte). All-in-all, I'm quite happy with this hotel. I love the location and like the staff. The only thing that could improve it would be an executive lounge, which I like if I am staying in London for a full week.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great Hotel 	This hotel was a wonderful surprise. It is located near Paddington Station (just down the block) where you can get the Heathrow Express if necessary, near plenty of eateries, an all night market and the Tube. In addition, the hotel staff were efficient, friendly and helpful. The room was a good size for Londong hotel rooms and had all the amenities and more. A nice touch were the small reading lights on the headboard. It looks like the hotel was either recently refurbished or brand newl. All the linens and decorations looked new and the style was modern chic. Very stylish and comfortable.	
Oct 12 2009 	Exceptionally convenient location spotlessly clean rooms friendly service	This hotel is located just a block from Paddington station.  The rooms are a good size by London standards. They are spotlessly clean. I found the room quite quiet. I never heard other residents.The first floor has a lovely private outside sitting area with a canopy and heat lamp. The light system is odd. You have to insert your room card to turn on the lights. If you remove the card the lights go out. There is a huge flat screen TV and a radio with an iPod dock. The bathroom has a really powerful shower, the nicest I have ever had in a hotel. There is no outlet for the hair dryer (which is provided) in the bathroom. The coffee maker is a hot water pot. Instant coffee only is provided but there is a nice assortment of tea. Fortunately, the Phi Restaurant downstairs has great coffee. The desk staff is helpful, and always pleasant. The first day there I blew a fuse and someone was there to fix it in 2 minutes. They brought extra hangers right away. The cleaning staff was excellent. The room was spotless.My only complaint is that the desk was not as knowlegable about how to do things such as print up boarding passes. They are not aware that you can top up your phone sim card at the convenience store next door. they did not know that there is a tourist board in Paddington station. All in all I would recommend this hotel. I will stay here again.	
Oct 7 2009 	Very good but with some things to look out for....	Type of trip: PleasureRoom Type Stayed in on Trip: Executive Room Main things I look for this type of trip are:Quiet RoomsClean RoomWelcoming / comfortable roomGood showerGood size towels Room fan / airconBlack-out curtainsIroning Board in RoomComfortable bed, duvet, with the ability to request feather pillowInternet in Room with area to workEnough sockets to plug Laptop and phonesFilms on Demand on TV and good size TVToiletries provided and ability to order bathrobe and slippersRoom serviceGood breakfastExtras (Fitness room, sauna, steam room, pool)This hotel fared as follows:Quiet room: QuietClean room: VeryWelcoming / comfortable room: Newly refurbished, very inviting and unique décor.Good shower: Best shower I have ever had in a hotel (no bath)Good size towels: Largest towels I have had in any hotel I have stayed at.Room fan / aircon: Yes, new and individually controlled.Black-out curtains: No, the windows have “black-out” blinds but these are not “fitted” so light gets round them. Not the best if you require your room to be really dark. Ironing Board in Room: No but can be delivered on request.Comfortable bed, duvet, with the ability to request feather pillow: Very comfortable bed, with duvet, but no ability to order any feather pillow and the pillow provided were thin and really not comfortable. This was in stark contrast to everything else in the room.Internet in Room with area to work: Free Wireless internet and wired internet at a fee.Enough sockets to plug Laptop and phones: YesFilms on Demand on TV and good size TV: Very large flat screen TV with films on demand and package including wired internet and all films for £25.Toiletries provided and ability to order bathrobe and slippers: Toiletries provided and good quality, ability to order bathrobe. No slippers.Room service: YesGood breakfast: Very good breakfast in coffee shop / patisserie style hotel restaurant.Extras (Fitness room, sauna, steam room, pool): Fitness room (did not have time to check it out.Overall: Very good hotel especially for those looking for something a little different to the usual “chain” look without too much risk as it is still part of the Intercontinental Group of Hotels. The hotel sells its self as a boutique hotel and does pull this off quite well. The room was very comfortable and welcoming and had some really nice extras like a wireless handset for the phone, a spa like shower and really nice big bath towels. Most of the hotel overlooks a very green square which adds to the charm. The following were the small issues that I encountered:1) Called in twice over the two months prior to arrival to specifically request a twin room, they only had a king size executive on our arrival even though they said that they could see my request on the system. I recommend that you speak to the manager if you have a booking and it does not specifically state what type of room you have and you need something specific to avoid what we experienced.2) I do expect the ability to order a different type of pillow in a hotel in this class especially when all other “Holiday Inn” and “Crowne Plaza” in this hotel group provide this. This hotel does not and the staff seemed totally baffled that I could possibly expect this.3) The hot water control in the (very good) showers need to be adjusted slightly. It is not possible to increase the temperature of the water and the maximum temperature is just about “ok”. The water temperature while you shower also seems to fluctuate between “ok” and “not so hot”.4) There was a real mix up after our checkout with the mini bar. We were asked at checkout if we had used anything in the mini bar, to which the reply was no. So it was a total surprise to then receive an email three hours later informing me that my credit card had been charged for three items from the mini bar. I was asked when I called the hotel to email “head office” as the hotel did not issue refunds. All very disappointing. It was only after I sent a chaser email a day later to the hotel manager that the charges were refunded with an apology. My recommendation for anyone who is worried about this happening to them is to get the mini bar checked when you check in and again before you check out, like that there is no question what has or has not been consumed.	
Oct 6 2009 	What a pleasant surprise in London	My wife and I stayed at the Indigo for three nights. We felt welcome from the moment we entered the reception area until we left there. The staff were extremely helpful at all times. Both the room and bathroom were of a good size for London. The location is perfect for travelling to and from London, as well as easy access to the Underground. Their prices may be a bit steep for the area and what they offer, but I will always recommend this place to others.	
Oct 5 2009 	Small but perfectly formed funky hotel	Had a one night stay for a works-do around the corner at a much more expensive hotel. I hadn't come across the Hotel Indigo brand before, in fact I'd never even stayed at a boutique hotel either so I was unsure what to expect. The room was small but had everything I needed including free wi-fi and a well designed bathroom. As I was only there for one night the size was fine but I'm not sure how many nights I could have managed before it seemed too small. My room was out the back and so largely quiet, although I did struggle to sleep, mainly down to being too hot which is my fault rather than the room so I ended up with the air con on and eventually got down to some quality zzzzzzs.Great location, I found all the staff to be of a very high quality - professional, welcoming and friendly and the bar/cafe downstairs was excellent and good value.Full marks for a funky hotel.	
Sep 30 2009 	Let the buyer beware!	Be extremely careful if you make an online booking with this hotel.If you fill in the booking form on their website but close the window without pressing the authorization button, the booking system of this hotel will process a transaction anyway. This happened to me in July, and I am now in the process of disputing an AUS$689 payment that was deducted from my credit card.The hotel looked like a good deal, but turned out to be inconvenient for my itinerary; I got a much better deal closer to where I needed to be and aborted the booking form before authorizing payment. You can imagine the shock of discovering their transaction on my credit card statement when I returned home to Australia. I never received any booking number or receipt of payment from their booking system, which was provided promptly by all the other hotels with which I made online bookings. I was charged the no-show penalty, in spite of having received no confirmation of a booking. Statements of payment have only been provided retrospectively in response to my bank's inquiries.If you call their reception desk to seek clarification, you will be shunted off to the bookings service and ultimately the IT department. Such a brilliant sense of customer relations, especially as I was not even attempting to make a complaint at that point.Paddington is home to a lot of rogues and sharp traders, and these guys have to be the sharpest of the lot.Caveat emptor.	
Sep 29 2009 	Trying Too Hard	At the right price, this is a very nice hotel, but they have spent too much time focused on the trappings of a boutique hotel and dropped the ball on a number of design and finishing touches. If the price quote you have is a boutique price, find another hotel, if it's a 3 star price out of 5, it may be a good value.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great location - but beware the shortfalls	I'd stayed at the Hotel Indigo in Chicago and had been impressed - so thought we'd try out the London version. We hopped off the plane at Heathrow - and got straight on the Heathrow Express. 15-minutes later, we were at the hotel's reception. Couldn't be easier. Indigo is basically across the road from Paddington Station - and that makes it a terrific location. We spent a week here and just bought an Oyster pass which allows you to hop on and off the trains and buses at will (you just need to buy credit in advance). Oh - one tip, don't leave the oyster card in the same wallet as your hotel key - because the oyster card will stop fuctioning properly. London transport is as good as it gets - and you're smack bang in the middle of it right here. So thumbs up for location.First impressions - the hotel looked new. Certainly stood out in the street. Cute cafe/bar on the ground floor with roadside tables. The room was funky. Good design - and bigger than I was expecting. Good sized bed - although the mattress was so hard it sometimes felt I was on the floor. Good wall mounted plasma with all the channels you need - when their satellite didn't break up! FREE high speed wireless internet, which is excellent.The bathroom was small - but so well designed that it doesn't matter. Terrific shower - but here's the biggest problem with the hotel -- they keep running out of hot water!! Luke warm at best between 8am and 10am, when most people are getting ready. We complained but staff didn't think it out of the ordinary. They say it happens when demand is high. Well, sorry - but it shouldn't. This is a hotel - and one commanding good money.Second problem that seems trivial - but became annoying. We stayed in room 101 - which is right alongside the lift. For some reason, they haven't de-activated the bell - and it goes off regularly, at all times of the night. (Similar problem with a smoke detector inside the room that makes strange noises often). That really is crazy.Overall the staff were polite - but a bit standoffish.The hot water problem and the damn lift bell would probably stop us from returning - which is a shame, because the place has enormous potential.	
Sep 18 2009 	So great all around!!!	This is a great hotel, well decorated, CLEAN and great staff.I was there for 3 weeks, and it was like I had taken up residence. The desk knew my boyfriend and Dad by voice on the phone, When I left it was difficult, and like I was leaving home!!!The location is perfect for acess nearly everywhere, and funnily enough, the open top bus tour goes right past the front door!!!I plan on staying here again and again.Thank you!!!	
Sep 16 2009 	almost perfect	if you are a lucky person and not encounter one of recepicionista the name catrinal or catarina, she has no patience, i did not like the treatment for it, not only to me but to other guests who were checking in before me, your stay will be 100%, I was in a king size that was wonderful, if it were not the detail above, would be perfect.	
Sep 14 2009 	Nice hotel but a little pretentious	I stayed at the Hotel Indigo for 5 nights in Sep 2009. The room was small, but stylish and clean. My big complaints were that breakfast wasn't included nor was there any business center with a PC that could be used by guests. I felt the meal prices in the Phi restaurant (part of the hotel) were too expensive, so I either got breakfast elsewhere or bought food from a nearby market. As for internet access, the hotel has wifi, but you need to go to an internet cafe down the street if you want access to a PC. For the price I paid, I would like to see both items included. The staff were nice, but all seemed a little aloof and were always dressed in black.	
Sep 13 2009 	Nice modern hotel in ideal location.	We stayed at Hotel Indigo for our last night in London, having chosen it for its proximity to Paddington Rail Station. Check-in was efficient and all staff were very friendly, providing prompt service for any needs we had. We stayed in an Executive King room, which was a nice size with a small sofa and a couple of chairs for seating options, in addition to the bed. We found the bed a bit firm for our liking. The room was very modern, and, even while facing a busy street, very quiet with the windows closed. The bathroon was a bit small but modern, with a nice &quot;rain&quot; showerhead and high quality bath amenities. We had to ask for an ironing board and iron, and it was brought to the room within minutes.The location is great with several restaurants, pubs, and convenience shops along the road in front of the hotel. You are a couple of minutes walk from both the Paddington Tube station and the Paddington Rail station, which includes the Heathrow Express train to the airport.We had room service for breakfast from the Phi Restaurant, which was fast and quite good.We would definitely return to this hotel!	
Aug 30 2009 	Different Stylish Excellent	Well, just back from a weekend in London with friends today. If compelled to write a review, then the experience must have been terrible or exceptional and I can say that the Hotel Indigo was truly exceptional. All the important aspects were covered, such as a really comfortable bed, nice and working shower (huge and a rainstorm jobby), clean, air conditioned, good location and quiet. On top of that, it's not a standard chain type of feel, it's stylish, designer and different. The best value breakfast in London (£6.95 for the buffet inc. juices, smoothies etc), nice friendly staff who really take an interest. We had three rooms for a group of five friends, king rooms 215, 212 etc. Spacious, considering the London location. In terms of managing expectations (you will see a lot of review mention small rooms), then I can say that our king bed rooms were great for space (everything you need, including a huge bed, wardrobe, desk, huge shower and even plenty of room for a chaise and armchair - however if you are travelling from North America, then every room in Europe will appear tiny compared to the huge rooms standard in the States, and especially London does have a reputation for small hotel rooms due to the period properties and real estate prices etc. I'm sure different rooms may have more or less space than our rooms, so if space is a major factor for you, give the hotel a call directly for booking advice. Location is very good for train, tube and road as it is next to Hyde Park and Paddington Station which means you are on the district, circle and bakerloo underground lines and close to the city and west end. We drove in to London and the most convenient parking seemed to be NCP Colonnades, about a 10 minute walk from the hotel. I'm looking forward to coming back to the Hotel Indigo.	
Aug 30 2009 	Very Nice - Great Room	I was quite impressed with the Hotel Indigo Paddington. OK, it's not a large luxury hotel but the quality of the room - inculding the design, bathroom fixtures and an excellent bed - goes way beyond what I found at other much more expensive hotels.Service was very friendly and efficient at the same time. The small restaurant was very good for breakfast.The location - just araound the corner from Paddington station - is very convenient for catching a plane from Heathrow and also very good for exploring central London with a large number of tube lines and buses at hand. Personally I would not think of the Paddington area as highly attractive or exciting though-	
Aug 23 2009 	Surprisingly good experience	This is probably one of the nicest small hotels that I have encountered in Europe. I received a promotional email from IHG group so I decided to use a combination of &quot;points + cash&quot; to book two nights towards the end of my Europe trip and it turned out to be a great deal and experience.As everybody mentioned, hotel is located in a great spot near the Paddington Station - literally one block away. For travelers who need to fly in and out of London Heathrow, this location is simply fantastic. Hotel premise is small and sits in the middle of a side road along with other hotels, restaurants and shops nearby. But as you walk into the lobby, you can tell immediately this is a modern trendy hotel as stylish clean-line furnishing is all over the property.I was upgraded to a 3rd floor Executive King suite and certainly had a wow reaction when I walked into the room - huge king size bed, , lounge chair, large work desk, big LCD tv, an iPod music station/alarm clock, free internet and a great bathroom totally separated from the sleeping/working area, all in a not overly big yet compact space. Everything is tastefully decorated and functionally arranged. Very comfortable and cozy. Service. All I can say is that front desk staff is exceptional - professional and very attentive to customers' needs (Tony is great). I rarely feel totally spoiled when I am traveling in Europe but this hotel certainly did give me that wonderful feeling. The only drawback, if I must point out, is that price of breakfast is a bit high but you do get very good quality items.Overall, I will give this hotel a 4.5 star rating and will not hesitate in a second to come back at all if I can get a good deal again!	
Aug 18 2009 	Plenty of charm moderne but check the locks	Was here for 5 nights in March 2009 traveling alone on a business trip, and had a very satisfactory experience. Since I needed to bring my laptop for work anyway , I was able to stay in touch with relatives in NYC via emails sent on the hotel's wifi. It was nice not to spend money on telephone calls merely to let others know I'd arrived safely, etc. Definitely a plus, and free wireless is not yet a standard in London hotels. There is a charge for wired internet access.Speaking of safety, as a New Yorker I checked out the room's security rather carefully when I settled in. I was on floor #3, with a window facing the back. There was a roof extension not far from the window where it would have been possible for someone to stand and haul themselves up into my window. The window was unlocked! Hummmmmm. So I would strongly recommend that those traveling alone check their windows on arrival, and then check again to be sure they're closed and locked whenever you come and go. (And look at the topography outside before you sleep with an open window.) There is a little lock-box provided inside the wardrobe. Use it. But as far as the neighborhood goes, I felt quite safe walking to and from the hotel -- I stayed at a pricier hotel in the Seven Dials area some years ago and was harassed on the streets there and never felt safe. So the location was a plus. Speaking of the streets, here's a nitpick: Though I know it's not the hotel's business to maintain the London sidewalks, those who are relying on wheeled luggage to cope should be aware that the cobbled pavement will cause heavy baggage to tip over several times during the short walk from Paddington to the hotel. So brace yourself for a certain amount of bag-wrangling.I had no problems with the staff, though the cleaners can get a little noisy in the morning. Some who have complained about the staff's service may not be aware that in London, as in NYC, it's quite usual even for the front desk to be run by people who are not native English-speakers. I have found that if I'm polite and patient when trying to communicate with others, they'll be similarly polite and patient about my American accent.As others have written, the rooms are decorated prettily, and by American standards, less than dorm-room size. Watch out for the slippery laminate floors and for the hot towel bar in the bath. I also found that there was JUST enough hot water for a quick shower. But the pluses outweighed the minuses by far. Since my stay was in the off season, I got a nice rate, which I paid in advance at Indigo's online site, which guaranteed the lowest price. My London business acquaintances confirmed that it was an unusually good deal. The restaurant and lobby decor is clean and cheerful, and the guest I entertained at a business breakfast was impressed by the meal and the service. Since I'd prepaid, checkout was accomplished in a blink. All in all, a pleasant stay and a good value!	
Aug 17 2009 	A more than fair attempt at being a botique hotel	This is the lifestyle botique style hotel brand from InterContinental Hotels trying hard not to be a run of the mill hotel. The looby and bar are small but perfectly formed and the blue sky on the corridors and funky artwork are a welcome change. I have a later dinner in the brasserie and the food was a pleasant surprise. I was staying for free using my Priority Club points however this was the first time the Receptionist had dealt with a free booking and she did not seem to understand. No information was given out about the hotel at check in. The bedroom was compact but well appointed and clean with a monsoon shower and a hand held shower. The rooms themselves are modern, clean and fresh, however there are too many lights in the room that stay on during the night , I-pod docking station light, tv standby light, small emergency light and telephone light not to mention the clicking sound from the fire alarn sounder- sorry it felt like I was sleeping on an aircraft landing strip! To be fair to the hotel I did not sleep well as I was leaving early to catch a train from Paddington and I think I would have been in a better frame of mind if I was staying here for leisure. Overall a good try at being a botique hotel brand but please ditch the cheap guest supplies as this lets down an otherwise good product.	
Aug 16 2009 	A fantastic little hotel in a superb location.	My husband and I vacationed in London for one week to celebrate my 32nd birthday, our 8th anniversary, and my recent college graduation. It was a trip worth spending a bit more for, so we chose the Hotel Indigo, Paddington, even though it was more costly than some others. (I don't know where those reviewers were looking, who say the Hilton around the corner costs the same thing -- I could only find a room there at twice the price of the Indigo). We paid just over US$1,100 for 6 nights, and booked through hotels.com. Our flight got in at 8am on Sunday morning, but we weren't supposed to check in until 2pm. We took the Heathrow Express (15 minutes) direct from Heathrow to Paddington Station. (The ONLY way to go, in my opinion). The hotel is a 2-minute walk from Paddington, which is also the closest tube stop, and the place where you can catch a train to visit Windsor Castle. I had asked in advance for an early check-in, and while that request was noted, unfortunately, the hotel was booked solid. The woman at the front desk was as nice as could be, and another man there tried to help, but there was nothing to be done. Nevertheless, we busied ourselves by buying a 7-day Oyster Card (again, if you're running around in London, the public transit in that city is unmatched by anywhere else I've been, including NYC). Then we went down to Picadilly and picked up the London Pass that we'd ordered in advance on-line (we bought the 2-day pass and spent the first 2 of our 6 days seeing pre-paid sights and using the discounts, and spent the next 4 days taking our time). By the time we returned at 11am, a room was still not available, so we strolled around our neighborhood and grabbed a pint at a nearby pub. When we went back at 12:30pm, a room was ready! Needless to say, we crashed hard for a few hours before going out to dinner. The room we had was on the top floor (remember: in London, the 4th floor is really the 5th floor, because what Yanks call the 1st floor is the Ground floor in Europe). The decor in the hotel is all modeled around the Fibonacci sequence (a mathematical series of numbers, which creates an aesthetically pleasing shape called the golden proportion). The hotel is modern without being cold, and trendy without being annoying. Plus, on the ground floor is a restaurant -- not the cheapest, but a fabulous breakfast buffet. We don't eat meat, and we were delighted to find a Full English Breakfast (a glut of food which must be eaten to be believed) including veggie sausage.The hotel is not only close to public transportation, but it's also a 5-minute walk from Hyde Park. Hyde Park is a beautiful location for a stroll, or to see locals on their soap-boxes at Speakers Corner on Sunday, or to visit Kensington Palace and have tea at the Orangery. This summer, there also seems to be an temporary performance tent erected in the park for a production of Peter Pan. I did go for a swim in the Serpentine in Hyde Park one day, but it's not the cleanest body of water. (4 pounds for a swim). Much better is going for a run through Hyde Park. The Hotel Indigo had a great little workout room, but I never used it because the weather was so beautiful, I only took exercise outdoors.For romance or simply for a great urban vacation, I would highly recommend the Hotel Indigo - Paddington.	
Aug 12 2009 	Fancy hotel (including price) at a great location	Very clean and new. Decor is modern and chic. Rooms are quite small, below European standard, but well distributed and decorated.No hidden charges, coffee maker in room, LCD tv, safe, etc...Still having a few glitches that new hotels have, for example the first day we had no hot water, and we were conpensated with a breakfast voucher. Second night, fire alarm sounded in the middle of the night, but we did not have to evacuate (very scary though)Best thing is location, 2 minute walk from Paddington station and plenty of eateries in the area.	
Aug 12 2009 	Hotel with a difference	It was whilst staying at this hotel that I proposed to my Girlfriend. The staff were aware of this and made us feel very special during our stay. The rooms are a bit small but space is at a premium in this part of the world. However, the standard of decoration and styling was first class. We even came away with a few ideas for home. The bed was one of the most comfortable i've ever slept on.For location, you cannot complain. Paddington Station is literally at the end of the street. We had Dinner and Breakfast here and both were superb. I would point out that the Dinner selection wasn't as varied as I expected.Overall, this was a very enjoyable stay and made for a great weekend break. The fact my Girlfriend said yes when I proposed made it all the better.	
Aug 6 2009 	A surprising experience	I have stayed at this Hotel Indigo on three occasions. Until recently it was a rundown hotel with a fantastic greek restaurant in the basement. Indigo bought the old hotel and renovated it! The rooms are tiny....not much bigger than an inside cabin on a cruise ship. The wallpaper, paint, carpet and furniture are all intertwined to create an illusion of space. I was totally impressed!The lobby is also tiny, but again designed to give the illusion of space. The coffee shop/wine bar off the lobby has very good, although pricey food.It is steps away from Paddington and surrounded by pubs and restaurants. Excellent location.	
Aug 4 2009 	As recommended by London Black Cab Drivers.	Nevertheless, £150 for one person for one night was a bit of a shock, even for a four-star boutique hotel.It was my first-ever night in London, and I asked the cabbie for somewhere close to Paddingto Station so I could get the early train to Heathrow. Indigo was where he took me.&quot;I don't know what they charge,&quot; he said, &quot;but this place is new and it looks clean.&quot;The cleanliness couldn't be faulted, although the carpets seemed to be on the garish side.My room, 307, was as tiny as the Room 307 that I invariably find myself staying in in Tokyo. The bed was very comfortable, although it had more than enough pillows, cushions and bolsters strewn across it.Three small worries, though. After a night spent at the theatre, I got the third-degree from the concierge before I could get back into the building. Who was I? Which room was I staying in? When did I book in? He didn't seem to notice that I was holding my room key in my hand.Also, internet access costs an extra £10. Considering the price of the room, this was an unpleasant surprise.And, the next morning, the cleaner tried to come into the room when I was sitting enthroned on the toilet.Those two little niggles aside, Indigo is a decent hotel. It probably is a reasonable price for Paddington, but it's still on the pricey side.	
Jul 30 2009 	All style and no substance	I had high hopes of this hotel from the reviews, sadly I was disappointed. There is minimal staffing, but they were friendly and efficient. The room was INCREDIBLY small. No more than 8 feet across. A 4 foot bed took most of this, however the bed is of good quality with lots of cushions - trouble is the cushions took up all the wardrobe space at the turndown. The safe was small and would not hold my laptop, if it did it would be useless as the safe wasn't secured down and could be easily removed. Opening the fridge meant scraped knuckles and forcing the wardrobe door out of the way of the fridge door. There was a nice size TV, but as the room was so small it may have appeared larger. My partner regularly banged his head trying to get down the 12 inch gap on one side of the bed. Noise from the corridor was unbearable, but then the bed is only 3 feet from the door. The room would not get dark either - a green night light on the ceiling, a light from the phone and light under the door meant the room was actually light enough to read. And check the alarm clock hasn't been set by a previous guest - after an awful nights sleep because of the light and noise we were awoken at 6am with the damned alarm clock. The comfortable bed did not make up for the poorest sleep I had had in ages. Very poor mobile phone signal in the room, on two major networks. Nice toiletries and big towels. Thunderstorm showerhead needed some serious cleaning/descaling - water was shooting in all directions and what looked like a great shower was spoilt. Shame really. Funky decor, I had really hoped for more, but it's all style and no substance. For the price the Hilton Paddington around the corner is a much nicer hotel.	
Jul 29 2009 	Super Hip Hotel	I have to agree with the great reviews, with a few minor exceptions. The room was amazing. I LOVE the huge photo wall behind the bed! Our room had a double bed with plenty of room on either side for nightstands. Each nightstand had a complimentary bottle of water (replenished daily) and one side had an ipod ready alarm clock, perfect for charging our ipod AND adding ambiance. On the wall opposite the bed was the armoire, with safe and hair dryer, and a desk with the hi-tech phone, chair, kettle and comfort tray (read: tea, coffee, and condiments), above which was an ENORMOUS flat screen tv. The bathroom was fairly large by UK standards. It has very modern glass tiles behind the raised sink. The water in the sink came out really quickly causing it to splash out of the sink, so we learned to pull the handle SLOWLY. There is a very large walk in shower, with rain shower head and hand held wand. There was a very short learning curve to getting the wand on, but having it in addition to the rain head was very nice. I wish there had been a better shelve to hold items in the shower, but that is very minor. The air conditioning in the room was truly amazing. The room actually got too cold. I was not sure that was possible in the UK. There were a good number of outlets throughout the room, which was fabulous in today's electronic age. The bath had a small nightlight switch which was a nice touch. The room was kept very clean, although my daughter did find someone else's pill on checking out, which means it was under there for 3 days. The shower looked as though no one had used it...ever. I like that. The linens were good, the towels very good, and the duvet was snuggly. We had no view to speak of, just a little alcove between it and another building, but that was not a problem. It was very quiet. The air conditioner (or something) made a weird noise occasionally....a pop like a sound system or pa... but that was sporadic. The few minor drawbacks. On check in, my friend and I arrived together. The front desk person started with my friend. During that time, a gentleman arrived to check in. When she finished with my friend, she started on the gentleman, skipping me. Soon she realized and started mine, but she seemed annoyed to have 3 people at a time. Later that afternoon, I stopped by and told her that the safe in my room was not working. She told me that the person who checked out did not mention it, so maybe I was just not working it right....really? I told her I would check it again when I returned from dinner and see if maybe I had made a mistake. Upon return, I checked and it did not work. She said she would send someone up. She did. The trainee. Very nice young man, but it was his first day. He had some tools but NO idea what to do with them. He left to get some more help. He returned with what appeared to be a manager. The manager tried to explain how to use the safe to me. I explained I knew HOW to use the safe, but that IT was not working. He looked at it as if I was wrong, only to discover it did not work. As I had told them at the beginning I thought it was the battery. He had NO idea how that was possible since the safes were new...only 7 months old. He told me he would find out what kind of batteries they took and how to change them and he would be back. The only other time I saw him was at check out. He did not remember the incident at all at first. Then he was a little embarrassed he had never returned. No one ever fixed the safe. Also, housekeeping was good, but their timing was weird. I returned the first day to an unmade room. It was 4pm. I called down and they said someone would be right there, so my daughter and I went to the lobby to allow them to clean. I sent my daughter up periodically to see if they had finished. At 5pm someone came to clean the room and it was done shortly after. The second day we went out in the morning and came back around 1pm. Room not done. At 3pm someone knocked and asked if we wanted the room clean. It seems very late when the hotel also does turn down. Last little complaint...the ginormous tv's sound was weak. By the time you could understand the voices it was fairly loud. I worried about my neighbors hearing it.There was another young lady at the front desk who was very helpful, Marieclo????. She even helped me print my boarding passes.All in all, the hotel is super cool and completely comfortable. I would stay again in a minute. The service could use some tweaking. The front desk woman (the first one) could be more friendly, she is after all the first impression.	
Jul 23 2009 	Best night sleep ever!!	We stayed in the middle of Wimbeldon finals week when the whole city was manic; the hotel was fantastic. Very, very quiet room that was bigger than expected for London; clean with new towels and turn down every afternoon. Very very pleased - the hotel experience meant we woke up fresh in a great mood every day. Great location too, only 5 min walk from Lancaster Gate of Hyde Park. Would definitely stay again and recommend!!	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Location - Standards Slipping....	This is my second time to stay at this hotel within 6 months - it's clear the honeymoon period of this hotel is over! The location and boutique feel of the hotel continues to be great; but somehow management has now adopted policies out of keeping with IHG branded hotels with an almost need to pay for everything up front!! What changed in 6 months?I stay at IHG Branded hotels because I know what I am getting, but I hate being treated as a second class citizen by front desk for pre-authorisations on seemingly everything!Also, the pricing strategy has changed - no longer reasonably priced. Small rooms.	
Jul 19 2009 	Still good value?	My stay was for 4 nights. The prices for this hotel have skyrocketed recently, and it’s a toss-up whether it can still be considered good value. I had booked a reasonable price through Priceline, but looking ahead to my next trip to London, prices are now on a par with the Paddington Hilton, which has got to be the superior choice if you’re in that price bracket. On the positive side, the quality of the furnishings, linens and towels is excellent. Used towels are replenished twice a day (turn-down service at night). Housekeeping and maintenance were excellent (be sure to put out the do not disturb sign when you are in the room, as an army of inspectors troop through the room all day long to make sure everything is perfect). The air-conditioning worked perfectly and the lighting in the bedroom was good (as opposed to the bathroom). I stayed in an executive king as a single and it had a small sitting area at the foot of the bed, which was convenient and comfortable. There is a hot water kettle for coffee and tea and a small refrigerator. All these amenities make for a very comfortable stay.On the downside however:The rooms are really miniscule. The executive king was fine for a single, but for two people you’d have to fight for closet space and toiletry space in the bathroom. Even in this room it was necessary to slither sideways between bed and wall. All the exec. kings are on the street side of the building. The traffic noise isn’t too bad at night, but the braying of drunken revellers from the nearby pubs can certainly have you sitting upright in bed. The rooms are obviously designed with men in mind, not women. As another reviewer mentioned, there is no electrical outlet near a mirror. Odd in an otherwise well-planned room. The floor of the room is laminated and is dangerously slippery if you are wearing socks. The lighting in the bathroom is horrendous – in front of the mirror there is one halogen light pointing down from the ceiling – absolutely impossible to apply makeup in such lighting. Take a standing hand mirror and set up on the window sill – this is the only possibility. As another reviewer mentioned, there are no instructions for the shower. Once you know, it’s not difficult: the bottom lever is for temperature, the top lever alternates between hand-held shower (right) and overhead shower (left). Unfortunately, the first time I tried it, the hand-held showerhead was pointing directly towards the door of the shower and I got the full gush right in the face, drenching me, the bathroom, bathmat and towels. And then no place to plug in the hairdryer!Water was sometimes replenished, never saw a newspaper. I didn’t have breakfast for 14 GBP at the Phi, a full English breakfast can be had on the corner (Lite Bite) for under £ 4. I did have lunch there, and food was mediocre. Meat extremely overdone, despite being ordered as “medium”.Location is great, but this is not the only hotel in the area. I’m not sure whether I’ll stay here next time – depends on the price and the competition.	
Jul 17 2009 	Amazing hotel - Highly recommend it!	We stayed here for one night and this hotel is brilliant in all aspects. The staff are very nice and friendly, the rooms are excellent and the restaurant where breakfast is served is excellent with freshly cooked food as well as the bakery buffet. Definetly recommend this for anyone staying in London as the location is great and the hotel cannot be faulted in any way.	
Jul 15 2009 	Torn (by the other great reviews)	Stayed for three nights in a double room on the fourth floor (room 416). As others have already noted, the rooms are almost impeccable. High quality furnishings overall. The phone was fabulous! The rain shower always a nice touch and while my room faced the street, street noise was at a minimum. That having been said, the following are my room nitpicks: (a) I would have liked the bathroom walls to feel more solid and the floor of the bath less plasticky; (b) The water heater was somewhat temperamental - taking ages to go from cold to warm and sometimes (just sometimes) deciding to go from warm to cold all on its own; (c) The same could also be said of the water pressure, at least with regard to the basin's faucet. (I got exactly one inexplicable surge in water pressure from said faucet).Cleanliness was likewise near top-noth. (Another small nitpick - house keeping did not succeed in sweeping away all stray hairs from the bathroom floor.)WiFi was free (as advertised) and was quite fast.I did not, however, receive the supposedly complementary daily newspaper or the bottled water.Staff were professional. I asked for an early check-in (9 am) and the hotel readily accomodated the request. I likewise requested for a late check-out (5 pm) and while the hotel accomodated my request it was with a 50 quid penalty. (Ouch! But I paid it... with a flight at 930 pm, it seemed like a reasonable deal.) (I am not, however, the most finicky of travelers and prefer to do most things myself. Hence, I tend not to interact much with hotel staff. So I can't really say that they were top notch or, for that matter, poor.)The buffet breakfast included in the room price was a strictly continental affair and quite acceptable (for London). (Hot dishes are available from the ala carte menu but you pay separately.) I was not a fan of the Indigo's hot chocolate though and much prefer the hot chocolate at Garfunkels across the street. Location was great. As others have mentioned, the hotel's very close to Paddington station and the tube. Restaurants and convenience stores (I counted four fast food places, two steak places, one pub, two upper-end restaurants, and two convenience stores) are all within easy walking distance of the hotel. I still can't get over the price and room size though. I realize this is the City of London and prices are going to be higher and room sizes smaller than say, in Kota Kinabalu, Malaysia. Nonetheless, it's hard to get over the fact that I paid USD300 per night at the Indigo while I was able to get a room in another city that was easily twice the size and even more luxurious for half the price. I'll stop complaining now... and, once all is said and done, nonetheless end with a thumbs up for the Indigo.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Hotel in a lively neighbourhood	I stayed at the Indigo on the 29th June this year. I only stayed one night as I had to get to Heathrow the following morning so the location was great for getting to Paddington for the express train. Fantasic room, very modern and funky plus we had a great little terrace area attached to our room. The hotel is near some good restaurants and pubs and was a pleasant place to stay. I come from London and have stayed in places around central london before that were a lot worse for more money. This place was great i would recommend it for anyone who wants a couple of nights in London.	
Jul 5 2009 	Hotel and staff were superb!	The location is perfect (2 minute walk from Paddington Station and Heathrow Express), the hotel design is fresh, contemporary and intelligent, and best of all--the staff had to be among the most helpful and friendly I have ever come across. Lois (who works nights at the front desk) was an absolute gem. He came to my rescue when my handbag had been stolen on my first evening there (not at the hotel, but in a restaurant on Marylebone High Street), by quickly googling phone numbers for all the credit card companies and then handing me his phone so I could begin the arduous process of cancelling all my cards. He rocks! The other staff, too, were just as helpful and pleasant during my 3 day stay. The hotel also has a fitness centre and a stylish cafe, which has some outside seating and again very pleasant staff. I have already recommended the hotel to several friends and will definitely stay there on my next trip to London.	
Jun 26 2009 	Simply brilliant!	Everything about the Hotel Indigo in Paddington was, for us, stunning. 2 or 3 minutes walk from Paddington Station, location is excellent, with easy access by tube to all London sights and shopping. Our extended family arrived 24 hrs early; what a stuff-up! But this was no trouble to the simply wonderful staff at the Indigo who found &quot;room at the Inn&quot; for our two families, on the weekend of the commencement of the Wimbledon Tennis Championships. Some rooms I gather are on the smallish side, but our booked executive rooms were just wonderful, coping comfortably with the addition of a cot. Everywhere was clean, the beds were beautifully comfortable, the linen crisp, the towels fluffy and the bathrooms uniformly well equipped and of good standard. The Phi Restaurant, impeccably managed by Francesco, could not be faulted for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.But overall, what stood out for us, were the staff. From the housekeeping staff, the reception staff, to the staff in Phi Restaurant, all were without exception, incredibly friendly and professionally efficient with a willingness to help. I do hope some of them read this review because I wish to thank them for making our short stay in London that bit more memorable.I have absolutely no hesitation in recommending the Indigo to anyone.	
Jun 25 2009 	Gorgeous Quirky PERFECT Hotel	Wow...this hotel looks great from the pictures but as soon as I arrived I loved it!! The modern decor is absolutely my thing so I thought the clean lines, bright colours etc were great, especially the huge prints behind the bed, WICKED! Our room was smallish but the bed was big (and comfortable) and the shower nice and big, also got a flat screen TV, hairdryer etc and lush little chocolates left on our bed in the evening!We had a packed weekend so didnt get to spend all that much time in our room and normally this wouldnt matter but actually because it was such a fab hotel I wish we had been able to!. We did ask for a late check out which was granted so there was no rush.I think the hotel is perfectly located and the parking is really reasonable at the station just around the corner (Although you can park up right outside to load/unload etc.)Our room was on the 2nd floor and right at the front of the hotel so we had the big sash windows wide open and could watch the street (And little park area) below.Definitely recommend this hotel if you are in to a slightly quirkier style and are bored of the big chains and samey samey rooms	
Jun 23 2009 	Little gem near Paddington...	It was so easy to get to the hotel from Heathrow. Just one train and we were there. The staff at the hotel were attentive and the service was impeccable! It was about a 20 - 25 minute walk to Buckingham Palace..and the hotel was not too far from Oxford Street either. The only inconvenience is that in order to take the tube to say The Tower of London you would need to use two tube lines. The other downside of the location, there were not too many places to eat in the area since its more of a residential area.Other than that, the room was fantastic! It was small, but very, very chic and clean. The furniture was completed updated and the bathroom was beautiful and very modern. I would definitiely recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a bit of peace and quiet.	
Jun 23 2009 	The best place i've ever stayed in the UK	I wanted to hug the bellman when i saw my room. it was spotless, good size for London, quiet and fantastic location and value.I will stay here every time i can when visiting London in the future! Just look at the pics and you'll know why.	
Jun 23 2009 	Nice room limited service	This place isn't quite as convenient as the Hilton Paddington, which is connected right to the station, but it's not too bad. It's across the street and about a block and a half walk. So if you're mobile and it's not raining, it's fine.The rooms are small but nicely done, big flat-screen TV, attractive linens, everything looked new and stylish. The only problem: the water in the shower was warm but could have been hotter. I'm not sure if it was just our room, we turned it up to max and it was fine, we could live with it, but expect more for a room at this price.Service was efficient but limited. There's not really a lobby to speak of, just a front desk and a nice restaurant/cafe and not too many folks on duty. When we arrived, early in the morning, only one person was at the front desk, so we had to wait quite a while for another customer to check out before we could talk to him -- and learn that our room wouldn't be available till the afternoon. And though we prepaid the room through Orbitz, somehow that didn't show up when we checked out, so the front desk person wanted to charge us. He was very nice about it and was willing to let us go once I showed him the Orbitz receipt and he made a copy of it. But I always find it annoying that the system isn't more efficient and that it becomes a question at all. What if I had lost or forgotten the receipt?That was a long way of saying the people working there were fine and efficient, but it's not a full-service hotel with, for example, a concierge to help you with directions, etc. The room was nice and, if the price were right, I would certainly stay again. But I wouldn't go out of my way and might try somewhere else next time.	
Jun 20 2009 	Chic and perfectly positioned hotel for the business traveller	I stayed twice at the Indigo whilst on a business trip to London and Germany. I booked it primarily because it was a IHG hotel and I am an ambassador cardholder. When I checked in I immediately asked for an upgrade but they could not give me one as there were no better rooms available (or so I was told). When I enquired again the next morning I was told they could upgrade me but I would need to pay for the upgrade. This struck me as illogical since and ugrade room was available and to charge me for it would have defeated the very privilege for which I was entitled as an ambassador cardholder. This at first ended in a rather unpleasant exchange between myself and the hotel manager but he called back a while later and apologised and offered me the upgrade for free. The rest of the stay was extremely pleasant. The staff (almost all east europeans) were friendly, unassuming and helpful, to say the least. The rooms are small but this is after all a boutique hotel. It was however very clean and the fittings were all new and stylish. If you like a boutique hotel that has a bit of class and confort - this is it. I found it most convenient becausre of its proximity to Paddington railway station and this meant that I could get on a train from Heathrow right into London and back again with absolutely no hassles and without the need for taxis or the underground. This in fact proved a real bonus during the 1 day tube strike on 10 June.They serve a really nice and adequate continental buffet but the ala carte breakfast was pretty good value too.I am planning to return with my wife in July.	
Jun 15 2009 	Best Hotel Ever	I was skeptical when I booked this Hotel because I have never heard of it. Needless to say I was pleasantly surprised. The rooms are very welcoming and comforting. Not at all like a lot of chain hotels. My husband, myself and two of our friends were in London during a tube strike and the hotel was great helping us with alternative ways to get around the city. Everyone who worked at the hotel was very friendly and helpful (one employee was kind enough to lend me his personal umbrella to use while we were out). We stayed at the Hilton at the beginning of our trip and because of the cost changed to this hotel on our return. Needless to say I would definitely stay here again!! My husband who travels to London for business says he will stay here from now on as well !!!	
Jun 13 2009 	Hip modern and brilliantly located.	We stayed at the Hotel Indigo in Paddington for five nights and it began to feel like home! Although the room was small, that is normal for London, we never felt cramped. They used the space that they had very well, with a large flat screen tv on the wall, a tall wardrobe, and a desk built into a little nook beside the bathroom. This room was incredibly clean and we got turn down service (with delicious chocolates) every night. The staff was nice, not over the top friendly, but professional and helpful. The only problem that we ran into is that there isn't really a way to comfortably eat in your room unless you sit on the bed. That only became a problem because we kept coming in so late and had to bring food home with us because all of the restaurants were closing. Otherwise, this was a great hotel! We also stayed in the Victoria Park Plaza and I thought that this was a better hotel by a landslide. The room was decorated adorably and the bed was comfortable.The location is amazing. It is a stone's throw from the Paddington underground and railway stations, as well as lots of cool pubs (including Fuller's, which is really neat inside and has a cool history), a few restaurants, and convenience-type shops. There is also free wifi in the rooms which certainly came in handy. We will definitely be staying here again on any future trips to London.	
Jun 9 2009 	How have I missed this little Gem?!	Arrived at this ultra modern boutique hotel, less than a five minute walk from Paddington Railway station, but away from the noise of trains! We were upgraded to an executive room which was, although still quite small, very well designed, decorated and furnished. Great showers! Very clean!Staff were very helpful and despite our late arrival the Chef squeezed us in for dinner, which was very reasonably priced and the service was spot on!	
Jun 8 2009 	A modern and contemporary place to stay in London	This new hotel is very conveniently located in walking distance of Paddington Station. Taxi to the airport costs about 60£, the Heathrow express to Paddington much less. The entire hotel tries to imitate the approach of W Hotels, but does not fully meet their level. Having said this, the Indigo Hotel is still a very good hotel, with all details well thought through, nicely designed rooms and public spaces and an overall feel that is unmatched by any other hotel in London in the same price range. If you book early you get very good value for money!	
Jun 2 2009 	Great Find	This hotel is fairly new. I had a great room, quite spacious with a queen size bed. The bathroom is also quite large with a big shower with hand wand and rain shower head. The room has modern decor with a vibrant feel with the colours used and a flat screen mounted to the wall. Wireless/Wired Internet is also available for free, free bottled water daily and turn down service with a mint if that matters. My room was on the first floor. The view out the window was non-existent, but that didn't bother me. I was out exploring most of the time and when I came back to the room the room is what is important not what I can look out at. As for the location it is about 3 min walk from Paddington station. You can arrive from Gatwick by taking Gatwick Express to Victoria then Victoria to Paddington, from Heathrow simply take the tube or Heathrow Express which is what I used. Heathrow Express will bring you to Paddington in 15 minutes. I also went to see Windsor Castle, the train to Windsor leaves from Paddington. Paddington is on a few tube lines so very handy for going around. Ensure you get a Travelcard. I would definitely look to stay here again as it is a boutique type hotel with a bit of luxury which is great to come back to after a day of walking around.	
May 31 2009 	Excellent hotel	Great location - a block from Paddington (and the Heathrow Express). Modern, well-furnished. Rooms about the size of a large cupboard, which is par for London, but very comfortable. Modern well-equipped bathroom (which is not always the case in London). Friendly staff (unlike plenty of London hotels). Very nice restaurant for a great breakfast (as well as other meals, which I didn't try). Free wifi internet.This is going to be my hotel of choice when I visit London.	
May 27 2009 	Modern up-to-date hotel a block from Paddington Station	Pros.Very convenient to Paddington Station.Very modern (ultra modern style) hotel.Clean. Everything worked. Modern fixtures. New large TV (typical limited stations with a few satellite stations)Comfortable. Quiet. Cons.Room tiny but comparable other London hotels (except chains like Hilton, etc.)Front staff's English was a little hard to understand (but very friendly)I will definitely stay here again! Loved it!	
May 26 2009 	Stylish clean great location	This hotel is probably the cleanest I've ever stayed in - it's spotless! It is about 3 mins walk from Paddington Station and is beautifully styled. The staff are real people - happy to chat without any 'corporate falseness' - just seemed genuinely interested, friendly and helpful.The cafe/ bar is lovely too, same great staff attitude and a good breakfast. The only downside is the size of the rooms - would have struggled with 2 in my room, but bed was lovely and comfortable, shower excellent, decent hanging space, small fridge , hairdryer, and desk with keyboard, plus flatscreen TV. All in all, wished I'd spent more time in it just relaxing . It was surprisingly quiet too, despite being handy for tubes, taxis, the park etc.	
May 21 2009 	Crazy carpets - but nice hotel	I was attracted back to the Paddington area by a good price on this hotel and some decent reviews on Tripadvisor. It certainly wasn't disappointing and would be an ideal base for anyone with business in that area or needing an overnight before flying from Heathrow. The rooms are on the small side, although not grossly so by London standards, and some travellers may miss the bath, although shower-only is becoming increasingly common in refitted UK hotels. However, the rooms were clean and comfortably furnished, and the breakfast excellent. The front desk were helpful and the internet connections free and working - which is too often not the case in the UK. Two small grouches: the windows don't absolutely exclude street noise from a fairly busy side street and the corridor carpets are totally migraine-inducing.	
May 19 2009 	First class service and high quality furnishings	We were given a room on the second floor overlooking Norfolk Square and fronting on to London Street. The standards of the room really do justify a 4 star AA rating. It's so nice staying in a slightly different hotel to your standard product delivered by the major chains. It really does live up to it's reputation as a boutique hotel. Staff are very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was very filling as well. Would definitely return.	
May 16 2009 	Perfect location near Paddington Station	This hotel is 1 block from Paddington Station. It's location is great for people who don't want to spend extra funds on transportation once they are in London and still see the sights. The Tube is only a block away that can take you anywhere you want to go as well. The rooms are small compared to the US hotels we are used to, but clean and comfortable. I will stay here again and will recommend it to others. Great Shopping is only about a $10 pound ride away or a 25 minute walk through Hyde Park to Harrods. We felt relatively safe considering we walked all around looking for a Pub and a Restaurant.	
May 13 2009 	Tiny tiny room. The staff and atmosphere made it very nice however.	I stayed May 2-May 8, 2009. I was assigned Superior Single 404, which is one of the tiniest rooms in the entire hotel. I paid 138 GBP per night for the room plus breakfast at Phi for an advanced booking rate on the Indigo website. I was extremely disappointed that such a tiny room was designated as &quot;Superior&quot;. The entire staff was very down-to-earth and helpful, however, and breakfast was delicious. If I remembered to put out the &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign on the door, housekeeping never bothered me at all. If I forgot, it was the 8 p.m. turndown service that knocked. That was completely my fault for not posting the sign.The location is perfect for using the Paddington tube station. The pubs on London Street can be quite loud during the night, however, if you have a room facing the street . But the bed was super comfy and the shower was great.If you are near Hotel Indigo- Paddington, I recommend dinner at Queen of Sheba:http://www.queen-of-sheba.co.uk/	
May 13 2009 	Excellent Value / High Quality	I booked online and then followed up by telephone to the 800# to request an 11:00AM check in. I was told that I couldn't request anything earlier than noon, but I stood my ground and they finally allowed me to make the earlier request. I made it clear up front that I understood it was simply a request and that I knew the room might not be available until 3:00, but if they knew when I was arriving they might be able to accommodate. It was somewhat annoying to have to argue about it, but they did as I asked in the long term.On arrival (at 11:20 AM) was met at the curb by bellman who brought my luggage and in started the check in process until the desk agent was free. He told me my room was ready and I got checked in quickly and efficiently. He took my luggage up the room and showed me how to operate the lights (standard European system: put your room key in a slot and the lights work) and warned me to be careful of the towel warmer as it gets quite hot. Public spaces as we walked through were immaculate and imaginatively designed with bright colors and murals with varied textures and materials throughout.The room was tiny, but that's what I expected, having booked a double bed room for one person (they make it clear that maximum occupancy is one person). That said, it was extremely efficiently laid out and the bathroom was almost as large as the bedroom! Very modern but comfortable, again lots of bright colors and varying textures. The furniture was well designed, with no less than three trays that could be removed and placed elsewhere in the room (for morning coffee or tea) and a decent amount of hanging space, plus a very good size safe. They also provide a refrigerator (maybe someday it'll be a minibar, but it was empty) and there's a convenience store next door selling inexpensive soft drinks, beer, wine and cider.Bathroom was very modern with a shower only and plenty of space at the sink for toiletries. Plenty of towels and very nice amenities. My only complaint in the bathroom was that the single halogen light high above the sink was not sufficient for me to shave my neck or under my chin, which were put in shadow by the single light.I was on the back of the hotel - not much of a view (backs of apartments) but it was quiet and peaceful. I wasn't in the room for the view - mainly there to rest, which I could do in peace and quiet. Very comfortable bed.Was able to charge my iPhone on the dock on the alarm, they provided a free wifi password which worked like a charm, and there were tons of outlets in the room (although I only had one converter, so could only use one of them at a time!). It was nice to be able to charge my phone without using the outlet. Decent selection of channels on the plasma flat screen. Only technological complaint is that the alarm clock had no instruction manual, and was VERY complex. I never quite figured it out.Had dinner at the restaurant one night with some London friends and we all agreed that the food was excellent - and it was a nice blend of traditional English dishes (Scotch Egg and Welsh Rarebit as starters, for example) and dishes of broader appeal (hamburger). The service was OK, if not a little inattentive. And the wine list was very unique, although our first wine choice was no longer stocked and there was no replacement recommendation.The hotel itself, new as it is, is in great shape, and, as mentioned, they have done a wonderful job of combining colors, textures and materials to create a very interesting boutique hotel. All my London friends insisted on seeing the hotel and the room - they had heard of it, but wanted to see for themselves.All in all, an excellent value for the price.	
May 12 2009 	Not bad but overrated	Pros:1. Close to Paddington railway station, tube. Easy access to transportation in London and for day trips outside.2. Rooms small, but impeccably clean, modern decor, beautiful bathrooms, electric kettle in the room, free tea, bottle of water. Also - safe in the room, nice 32&quot; LCD TV on the wall. Wireless internet free of charge. Good quality bed, pretty firm (which is what I personally like - YMMV).3. A number of good inexpensive restaurants nearby serving various cuisine (Italian, Greek, Indian, etc.). Pub on the corner of Praed/London. 4. Very polite and easy to work staff.5. Pretty inexpensive. I paid only 83 pounds+VAT /night for a single (smallest) room, under then current ICH Friends and Family promotion (breakfast NOT included).Cons:1. Busy location - if you are looking to sleep in and relax in your room - may look elsewhere. There is a number of comparable quality hotels in Kensington/Earl's Court area, which will provide a less hectic atmosphere.2. Even though windows appear double-paned, noise from the street = see 1). Some sort of construction noise was very audible in my room on the 4th floor (facing the street), already at 6:30am. Internal walls appear pretty thin too - could hear people walking in the hallway and opening doors pretty loudly. Couple of nights - tolerable, more would be pretty annoying, I imagine.3. No views to speak of -the first room had a view of a dirty red-brick &quot;hole&quot; between the houses, the second - view of the street was blocked by some archetectural feature of the house, and even if it wasnt - would not have been be pretty - just a busy street.4. Originally assigned room on the second floor, facing rear &quot;courtyard&quot;, smelled very strongly of fresh paint. However, when asked to be moved - was accommodated immediately and courteously.5. Inexpensive buffet-style breakfast (7 pounds) - but limited choices- no eggs even.. For comparison - K+K Hotel George offers rooms for 100 pounds which includes GREAT breakfast buffet with shampagne.).Overall, the stay was less pleasant than I expected, based on reviews here -mostly because of the noise issues. Still it is a solid option to stay in London for a few days on a budget - good value for the money. There is a small french bakery on Praed street about 100 yards down from London street (where the hotel is situated), check out almond croissants - the creamiest I have ever eaten in my life :)	
May 10 2009 	Very good watch-out for the housekeepers that don't nock!	We stayed here when doing a weekend away in London, a lovely hotel, concept and location. I would definitely recommend, just watch-out for the housekeepers that dont nock on the door, 3 times we had someone try to come into the room without nocking!	
May 10 2009 	Perfect in almost every way	The other reviewers are right; this is a fantastically good hotel. The rooms are modern, stylish and comfortable. The staff are friendly and helpful, without being condescending. In fact, the whole hotel is very swish and chic. I particularly liked the restaurant which serves excellent, not too expensive food. The breakfast is freshly cooked - no warm food buffet here. This is the first Indigo I have stayed in and I hope IC Hotels will be introducing others - especially here in the UK.The only thing I did not like was the location. Certainly it has good communications with Paddington rail and tube just a few metres away but the immediate area is mainly rough and ‘down at heel’ with lots of cheap backpacker hotels, dingy pubs and tourist trap restaurants – who does eat in Garfunkels and Aberdeen Steakhouses? – most Brits wouldn’t be seen dead in them. The nearest half-decent pub is about 200 metres away – I think it was called the Victoria.	
May 10 2009 	Great hotel enjoy it before it dates	I booked a two night stay in two separate bookings, one a month in advance so go a great deal and one very close to the night of the stay and hence no such a great deal. I arrived and pointed this out and stated that I did not want to swop rooms and could I have the same deal for both nights. After a bit of a discussion I was advised that it was a problem, but if I wanted I could be upgraded again to a king bed executive at the same cost for the two nights, I agreed and thank the staff for their understanding and customer service.The hotel and décor is very quirky and enjoyable and the room I was allocated although not the biggest the finish and style were excellent especially the extra large LCD TV, which was perfect for watching the football, the shower too was magnificent.I did not try the bar area or the hotel food, but requested an iron and ironing board that arrived and was placed in my room upon my return.Looking at some of the negatives, the air heating and cooling was noisy, the fire alarm detectors made some odd noises, yes they made noises, the biggest issue was the noise from outside in the street (pubs and take away’s).Would I stop there again, definitely, the cost is a little higher that my normal hotel in London, but for a romantic weekend it is definitely a winner and a great addition to the Holiday Inn chain.	
May 6 2009 	relaxing zen-like boutique hotel	Even though the room was tiny, it was exactly what I needed. I got the smallest room because I was by myself. It was steps away from Paddington and the Heathrow Express and the tube. The sound machine was great too, even though I didn't need it because it was really quiet. The decor in the room was so upscale and colorful. Rain shower and handheld were awesome! Water got hot reasonably fast. I liked having an empty fridge too. They have a computer with internet in the lobby for free, turndown service gives you chocolate, all the nice perks were there. Staff were friendly and sincere. Garfunkel's restaurant was good too. Only bad points were really minor: ran out of tissues in the bathroom and it wasn't restocked automatically, found it hard to close the window and there was no room service menu in the room. Would definitely stay again!	
Apr 29 2009 	Outstanding hotel - excellent experience	Just spent a week @ the Indigo while on vacation in London. It was an outstanding hotel in a great location, with great service by a very, very nice group of employees.The hotel is almost brand new - an older hotel was apparently gutted and transformed into the Indigo. You'd never know it except perhaps for the small-ish rooms. We had an &quot;Executive King&quot; that faced London St., and it was big enough for the 2 of us. Everything was new and very modern. The flat screen TV on the wall was HUGE (picture was OK - only 1 or 2 HD channels, and channel selection was mediocre...they need to add Sky Sports so guests can watch football!). Bed was a little too firm for my taste, but not horrible. The only complaint about the room was there was no good place to plug in a hair dryer within range of a mirror - my wife was irritated by this, but that is probably the only serious complaint we had about the Indigo. Oh, and the light switching system was baffling - we didn't figure it out the entire trip!! It became a bit of a joke, actually...Location could not be better - a minute's walk to Paddington Station, where one can catch the Tube, trains to much of western/southern Britain, buses, and cabs. There are a number of food stores &amp; restaurants on the road to Paddington and inside the station (M&amp;S Food Store, Sainsbury). There are 3 pubs within a 2 min walk of the hotel - be sure to go south on London St to a very quaint residential area where there are several other &quot;off-the-beaten-track&quot; restaurants. Hyde Park is about a 5-10 min walk from the hotel.Service at the hotel was outstanding - staff was very polite &amp; helpful. Amenities are great - free wi-fi (didn't work well the 1st day, but fixed for the remainder of the trip), free cookies/biscuits &amp; bottled water, safe in the room, mini-fridge for drinks. We didn't use the restaurant, but it looked very nice, and others have reviewed it well.Price was a bit steep - we paid &gt; 160 GBP per night...for a nice London hotel, that's not a bad rate, but apparently others have scored better rates than that. YMMV.I've stayed at several different hotels in London over the years, and this one was hands-down the nicest, cleanest and best of the bunch. We'll be back some day.	
Apr 28 2009 	A Stylish and Comfortable Oasis of Calm	Hotel Indigo London-Paddington was a wonderful place to stay! My husband and I were here for nine days and it really became a home away from home, and an oasis of calm in the midst of a busy city. From the location to the decor, the amenities and the staff, everything was perfect. Location and Transportation: The hotel is just a few minutes walk away from Paddington Train Station and Paddington Underground Station, bus stops and of course there are taxis everywhere too. If you plan on using public transportation in London (and you should, as it's very convenient and easy), this location is perfect. We took the Heathrow Express train, a 15 minute ride, from the airport to Paddington and back again. When we arrived at Paddington, we bought Oyster cards and used them to ride the Tube and buses during our stay. Inside Paddington Station are two small grocery stores, a Boots pharmacy, restaurants and shopping. Several times during our stay at the hotel, we walked to the station to get fresh food to eat; it was very convenient and good.The Hotel: We stayed in an Executive King Room. The high-ceilinged room faced the back, was very quiet, and had a great little balcony with a table and two chairs. The bed was a King, but it wasn't what Americans would think of as a King--it wasn't as wide or long. Still, it was plenty large enough and it was so very comfortable. The linens were high quality and soft and the duvet was very warm. We didn't ever turn on heat or A/C during our stay--whatever it was set on was fine. Sometimes we'd open the door to the balcony to cool off the room a little and that worked too.The room decor was very hip, beautiful, and unique, with images of Paddington and surrounding area. Yes, the room is small, but it's big enough and very thoughtfully designed. I hadn't ever stayed in London before so I don't have any other London hotel experience to compare it to, but it seemed like although it was small, the designers planned it to give you as much room and convenience as possible in the space. I loved the wood flooring especially, but do be careful as it can be slippery at times.There's a large armoire with plenty of room to hang clothes and put stuff away on shelves, a little mini fridge and a room safe. There are two bedside tables, with room on either side to stash a suitcase. A little couch at the foot of the bed provides one seating area and also a pull away table you can eat on or work on with a laptop.There's also a small desk and chair with provided keyboard for using the internet if you don't have a laptop. The chair wasn't comfortable for my husband or I, however, as it was so small, but I don't think everyone will have that problem. There is a fee to use their internet service but if you have your own laptop that's wi-fi enabled, the wireless internet is free. We used the free wi-fi all the time and found that sometimes it was a bit slow, but it was fast at other times.The TV is a large flatscreen. In addition to watching TV or using it for the interent, you can check your up-to-date bill on the TV, your messages, and schedule wakeup calls as well.There's a little quick-heat electric kettle for making tea or coffee with, two mugs, and a provided box full of teas, coffees, sugars, and biscuits (cookies). There was a turn-down service every day too, where they'd turn down your bed, leave you a chocolate, empty the trash, and replenish the treat box if needed.The bathroom was gorgeous; the shower was to die for especially. Huge, tall glass doors, with a rainfall shower head and a hand-held wand. The shelves provided plenty of storage space, and there's even a heated towel bar. There are enormous plush body towels in addition to smaller towels and washcloths, and a hairdrier.A few other thoughtful touches include a full length mirror, and soft spotlights over the toilet and over the front door when you turn out all the lights at night, so that key points in the room are not in total darkness. Not that you ever are in total darkness; there's an ipod docking station/clock on one table that is quite bright. If you require total darkness in which to sleep, I'd recommend bringing a sleep mask because otherwise, this will probably bother you.The overall decor in the room and indeed the whole hotel is beautiful and thoughtful. The staff were all genuinely helpful and friendly.We ate breakfast several times at the attached restaurant, Phi, and liked it a lot. We always had the buffet, never tried anything else. Delicious pastries, a variety of cold meats, cheeses, fresh fruits, cereals, and juices were on the buffet. We'd have an Americano coffee and be good to go for a long time afterward.Next to the hotel on the street are quite a few mini market shops, so you can get food and snacks and the daily paper there; there are also many restaurants and pubs on that street and all over the area. You won't be lacking for choice of places to eat or get a drink. And of course with the Tube and buses right there, you can go anywhere else in the city you want. It was nice to be able to come back there and rest after being out all day before heading back out again.Hyde Park is an easy walk away and I'd highly recommend going there too.I absolutely loved staying at the Hotel Indigo London-Paddington! I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it and would stay there again.	
Apr 27 2009 	Wonderful hotel staff breakfast...unique experience...	...prepay in advance and the breakfast is included. It's worth it!!! The rooms were small but very trendy, bright...clean...We really enjoyed our stay!	
Apr 24 2009 	BrightBeautifulBreath of Fresh Air	Ideal central location in London. Staff were pleasant and helpful. Room was bright,clean, and very comfortable. We went to most major attractions and 2 musicals, all were short tube journeys from this ideal location. Plenty of restaurants nearby, and a 1 minute walk to the Heathrow express!	
Apr 17 2009 	Excellent Service	Though the room is small, I was charmed by the use of sound, rich colours and texture. The location is 1min away from Paddington Station and next to amentities and restaurants.I would like to say a big thank you to Antonio who very kindly and patiently arranged for dot2dot airport transport for me while I shopped.	
Apr 17 2009 	Brilliant and wonderful stay.	Stayed at Indigo for two nights, a sort of mid-week break, and loved the place. The price was right (£85.00 per night in advance) although i think it will go up in price later on in the year. Checking in was just so easy as was checking out, and fast and friendly too. Room was big enough for two, bed was most comfortable and the TV was very nice. Bathroom was spotless and the shower was first class with the extras being very nice. The towel rack warmer is very simlpe to use if needed. And how quiet the room actually was... that's a nice surprise too. Did not have breakfast or dinner so can not comment on the quality of food served. Location is very reachable from anywhere. Never caught a bus but they are a plenty. As already mentioned it's so close to Paddington mainline station for the Heathrow Express. Paddington Underground station just around the corner and a few more minutes walk in the opposite direction is Lancaster Gate Underground station for the Central Line, ideal for Covent Garden/Theatreland district. Some great places to drink and eat also around the area. Hyde Park is also a nice little stroll away. Took a pleasant walk to Portabello Rd along Bayswater. Go early enough (if the weather is good) and beat the crowds.I'd book in again but not all the time when in London, it's good to get a feeling for other locations.	
Apr 15 2009 	Convenient Location and stylish rooms	Stayed here one night for £211.60 GBP. This included dinner and breakfast. The breakfast was ok, nothing spectactular. Simply since there is not much choice. This is basically the only let down. Dinner is great at the hotel, delicious, nice choice and really very good food. Check in was possible already at 10am. The reception is very small, so be aware in case you're in a rush upon check out.The rooms are really nice, very clean, new, just spotless. Very nice and welcoming decoration, Indigo style. After staying in several hotels in London, I find this to be one of the nicest, cleanest and most intimate ones.The location is great, 2 min. walk from Paddington. Easy to catch the Heathrow Express.	
Apr 12 2009 	Bright Airy and Quiet!	Everything you read about this great new place is right - warm welcome, great decor, all the technology works, and the external noise is minimal. The rooms are just fine - what would you do with any more space? What's more in no time you can be on the Tube to anywhere. Every eating option is available either within the hotel or very close by. This is a new departure in chain London hotels - I wish it every success!	
Apr 7 2009 	Perfect!	My partner and I stayed at this lovely hotel in Paddington from March 20 through March 27, 2009 and both of us and we found the service and amenities superb. Except for coffee the first morning, we didn't experience a full meal at the onsite Bistro. The room was perfectly adequate for us, beautifully appointed and efficient. The bed and bath linen were luxurious. The bathroom, though small, was a delightful example of modern efficiency...beautiful, especially the huge glassed-in shower. There was also a rack to warm towels which we never figured out how to turn on. Never mind! No need. The only minus, the small closet - a built-in 'shrank' - not enough space for two people to hang and store the variety of clothes needed for going to concerts/opera, exploring, and some fine dining. We had fun redesigning the closet and the space into which it was built. Never mind...this minus is not a deal breaker!The location is perfect: about a block up London Road from Paddington Station with a park across the street. There are several wonderful local restaurants (Greek, Italian, Indian) iin the area that won't break the budget and stay open to @11:00 pm, perfect for a post-concert bit of supper.I'm a retiree from the world of international tourism and have stayed at some of the Asia's most luxurious hotels. Hotel Indigo did not disappoint this jaded soul. I would definitely recommend this for a business traveler or a couple on holiday. The size of the rooms would not accommodate a family.	
Apr 5 2009 	Nice hotel but avoid the dungeon!	I booked the Indigo for a 3 night business trip, getting a rate of €144/night on lastminute.com, which is not bad for a London hotel of this quality. As other reviewers have noted, the hotel is relatively new and the decor is very bright and fresh. I was allocated a basement room. This was a reasonable size and beautifully decorated but its frosted glass window faced into a tiny light well never penetrated by the sun. Stranger still, there was NO mobile phone signal from any network ! The extension number of the phone in the room was incorrect so callers via the hotel switchboard didn't get through, adding to the rather prison-like feel ! Still, the TV was huge, and the WiFi fine and free. Buffet breakfast was a very reasonable £7. The range wasn't as big as in a larger hotel but the quality was very good.The staff were friendly though not always up to speed: I had prepaid for the room on lastminute.com, but they charged me again at checkout. I'd stay here again - provided I don't get a room in the dungeon !!!	
Mar 27 2009 	Loved Indigo!	Booked it through booking.com it's a brand new hotel 3 minutes walk from Paddington station. Since I was arriving to Heathrow airport and taking Heathrow Express, it was a perfect location. The last time I was in London (July 2008) the hotel was still in construction. I was staying in Standard Double room, it had a very big bathroom with a great tropic rain shower, huge towels, nice shampoos and lotions. What I really appreciated was a free all-over hotel high speed Wi-Fi Internet and an iPod charging clock. Also the bed was very comfy. And of course the hotel is fully air-conditioned. I can't say anything about breakfast, as I ate each morning at a nearby cafe, which was much cheaper. Oh, and there was a tea-maker, tea/coffee and some cookies every morning for free. And every time they cleaned the room, the left chocolate candies on the pillows. Very nice!	
Mar 25 2009 	Best place I've stayed in London	Stayed here for 4 nights for a conference. You could tell it hadn't been open long - very fresh and clean with great design. I had a superior single room which was a reasonable size for London and the bathroom was excellent. Great shower and nice Aveda toiletries. I liked having a small fridge with no ridiculously overpriced miniatures in it too as I could use it for my own water, juice etc. Staff very efficient and friendly. Had dinner in the Phi brasserie one night which was reasonably priced for what it was though somewhat empty - and no odd looks at a woman eating on her own. Small gym in the basement though you're also quite close to Hyde Park if you want to jog. Perfect location for both tube and overground. I was only 2 minutes away from my conference at the Lancaster Gate hotel which is not only more expensive but looked very old fashioned and overdone in comparison.A few nice restaurants in the area and a couple of local shops sold a good range of snacks, newspapers etc. Highly recommended and whenever I'm back in London I'll certainly check price and availability here first. I hope they open more!	
Mar 21 2009 	A hotel has to feel right more than it has to look right and Hotel Indigo does just that.	A hotel has to feel right more than it has to look right, and Hotel Indigo does just that. The décor is funky and individual. A breath of fresh air amongst the mediocre, bland and dull. Zany, original décor, lots of bold patterns and coloured glass in the foyer set the scene. The carpets are bright and the furnishings are original, and what’s all the more remarkable is that this hotel is owned by the Holiday Inn chain, known for their solid, reliable, predictable sameness the world over.We stayed for a Saturday night in March 09 whilst visiting exhibitions at the Royal Academy. The location is excellent for access to public transport, being only 2 mins walk from Paddington main line and tube stations. We were using Priority Club free-night points so couldn’t really complain, but we were given a room at the back in the basement. The frosted patio doors looked out onto a courtyard barely 3 metres square and the kitchen extractor droned above us but every other aspect of our room met or exceeded expectations.The décor is plain and simple but very clean and in excellent condition. The room size was adequate considering the location. The bed was comfortable (beware if you’re used to American terminology; a Queen size bed in England is no more than 5 feet wide) with loads of pillows and cushions. Facilities include a smart kettle, a small fridge (OK, so it’s not a mini-bar – buy your own, it’s always cheaper, or drink tea with cold fresh milk), sufficient hanging &amp; shelf space and a big flat telly.The bathroom was small but very clean and in almost perfect condition. The shower was excellent with a monsoon rain-head and a hand-held spray in a large glass walk-in enclosure. Plenty of toiletries and, this may sound like a strange gripe; the bath towels are actually too big and heavy!We had almost no problems and the staff were all polite, friendly and helpful. We left a suitcase with the porter for a few hours after we checked out and got a receipt slip, which is always reassuring, and tips were acknowledged with pleasant smiles and thank-yous.We didn’t eat at the hotel but nice to see a huge stock of cakes and pasties on display in the lounge window throughout the day. We ate at a small local Italian restaurant (San Marco) – you’ll walk past it on the way to the hotel from the station. Simple, good food, quick service.Summary? Great! No gripes, highly recommended. We’ll be going back to Indigo next time we’re in London.	
Mar 17 2009 	A very enjoyable stay!	My husband and I had a great experience at this hotel, everything was clean, staff very friendly and greeted us each time we went in or out of the hotel. Location very close to Paddington station, about 1 1/2 blocks from the station. Plenty of food, within a short walk from hotel. Wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.We had a first floor room facing the front and did not hear any noise from the street.	
Mar 11 2009 	Great service lovely rooms	This is one of the friendliest hotels I've stayed in. The staff were all so friendly and really made me feel welcome from the moment I arrived. It's a 5 minute walk from Paddington station and underground, in a safe area with lots of pubs and restaurants. My room was quiet (looked over the back - I guess rooms at the front might be noisier), and beautifully decorated with a really comfy bed, big flat screen TV, sound dock for an I pod and wi-fi that worked. Big walk in shower. The room wasn't huge but was fine for one (it was a single, but with a double bed). I got an Internet deal on the price of £89 per night - I think the hotel's just opened so the real rate might be higher - and given that it's London, the quality of the room and closeness to transport links it was a bargain.	
Mar 2 2009 	a perfect stay in London	A very clean hotel with excellent taste in decoration (actually, it gave us a lot of ideas for decoarting at home!). Stuff was very professional and polite. The overall feeling throughout our stay was that everything and everybody worked in order for us to have a nice time. If the price rermains reasonable, Indigo will be our hotel for every future trip to London.	
Feb 22 2009 	Great hotel great value	I have been to London dozens of times on business and finally had some flexibility to choose my own hotel. Usually I stay at the large business hotels in Knightsbridge or near the City. This time, I wanted to see what I could get for a more reasonable price. Indigo fit the bill in a lot of ways. Indigo is a boutique hotel that had just opened two months prior, and all the facilities are brand new. The room was small, but well appointed, modern and clean. The room was basically the width of a double bed with a night table on either side. There was a small desk against one wall, but if you pulled the chair out too far it would hit the bed. In terms of length, there was just enough room to pass by the foot of the bed in order to get to the bathroom. There was a flat TV on the wall, and a good thing too, because there was have been no place to set a regular TV. I confirmed with the front desk that they would typically not give that room to two people (I was by myself). On the bright side, the bathroom was very large (actually about half the size of the bedroom) and as other have noted, decked out with Aveda toiletries, rain shower, etc. There was no bathtub. I was on the first floor (not ground floor) and had a nice patio outside with a table and two chairs. Wifi is free, which is unheard of in a London hotel. There is a fee for wired internet. There is a small fridge in the closet, handy for storing drinks from the nearby stores. There is no mini bar. The room safe is big enough for laptops. My room faced the back so there was almost no traffic noise. Also, I was right next to the elevator and stair case but never hear noise from either. The insulation must be very good.There is a small bar and restaurant next to the front desk. The restaurant serves organic food and I had lunch there one day, and had dinner delivered to my room another day. The food was very good, but expect to pay hotel prices. Fortunately, there are a lot of cheaper alternatives nearby. One night, I got delicious take out from the Indian restaurant down the street. There are also numerous fast food places nearby. There is a free small workout room in the basement with one treadmill, set of weights, etc. Again, the quality is excellent, latest model Cybex all around. I was the only one in there on a Sat. afternoon. I believe the hotel also has an arrangement with a gym nearby that you can use for a fee.Others have commented that the service could be better. Actually, I thought the service was not bad. The front desk woman was a little snippy the night I checked in, but after that everyone was very nice. People always said hi when I walked in and passed by the front desk and service in the restaurant was very good. Housekeeping was fine. The bottom line is that for this price, Indigo is a great hotel. The room is small but the bathroom is large. There is a statistic that says most of the time you spend in a hotel room is either in bed or in the bathroom, and that's certainly true for me. If you can deal with the room size, I would highly recommend this hotel.Indigo is one block from Paddington station, so you can take the Heathrow Express into Paddington and be at the hotel in 3 minutes. Paddington is also a major tube stop, convenient to all parts of London.	
Feb 22 2009 	Fresh funky and friendly – my new favourite place to stay in London	I broke a business trip to Europe with a weekend in London, and the newly-opened Indigo scored well enough here on TripAdvisor for me to give it a try. I'm very glad I did – the hotel is a delight, especially if (like me) you like to stay in small boutique designer hotels as an alternative to the usual 'business' hotels - even if they're five star ones, their sheer size and machine-like nature can get a bit much.Indigo, on the other hand, is small enough for a personal touch. The rooms aren't large, although that's par for the course for London, and even the top-level 'king' is best described as 'cosy', but it's a cosy that works due to the attention to design, the colours and furnishings (indeed, if you're travelling solo you could so fine with the 'standard superior' room which has a queen bed, smaller flat-panel TV and slightly smaller room, and save some money over the king deluxe room). Bring your own iPod and drop it into the bedside clock-radio docking unit to enjoy your own music.The location is tops, not just for the access to Paddington station but the #7 bus which in one direction takes can you to Portobello Road in Notting Hill (around 10 mins), and in the other whisks you to Oxford Circle (in maybe 15-20 minutes).The staff are all incredibly helpful and genuinely nice; and yes, the Aveda toiletries are a wonderful touch.A few tips for those contemplating a stop-over here:* the rooms facing the street (London Street) can be a little noisy, at least mine was during the weekend nights – not from cars but from people. There's a surprising amount of foot traffic along the street, I suppose much to and from Paddington station but also to/from the many nearby hotels (the square opposite the hotel is almost full of mid-price and 'budget' hotels favoured by many young people).* be wary of the heated towel rail in the bathroom – it's very hot, and in such a somewhat cramped space you could end up with burn marks on your buttocks. Drap a bathtowel over it and save your skin!* if you dock your iPod into the bedside radio unit, don't forget to remove it before you leave!* finally, before you book using any online service - even a discounter like LastMinute.co.uk – check the hotel's own rates. For my two night stay I found the hotel's own rate was 75 pounds ~cheaper~ than LastMinute.co.uk for the same room and included breakfast, which LastMinute did not.	
Feb 19 2009 	New Botique Hotel-Open 3 Months	New HotelMy husband and I stayed at Hotel Indigo in Paddington for a long Valentine's weekend. My husband had a ton of award points and we wanted to use some of them in London. We found the NEW Hotel Indigo (not to get confused with the old one with bad reviews.) It looked fun and trendy and wanted to try it out. We hoped to stay 3 nights with points but were only able to book one. We paid for the other two nights.Easy To Get ToOur tickets were into Heathrow and out of Gatwick. We found it really easy to get to and from the Hotel. We took the Tube (subway) from Heathrow (we had one change to manage to get to Paddington station.) We packed light and it was easy to bring our carry on luggage on the Tube. Before we left the states, we printed the map from the hotel's web site and used it to get to the hotel from the Padding Tube station. It's really easy. We followed the exit signs to the street and the hotel was just corner and half a block up.To get to Gatwick we took a cab from the hotel for about 8 pounds to Victoria station where we grabbed an express Gatwick train for about 15 pounds each. It took about half an hour.Excellent Location It is just around the corner from the Hilton and the Paddington Tube and Train stations.(You can easily grab the Tube tp get all around London or a train for day trips all around London from here.) There was also a stop for the hop -on hop-off double decker tour bus at the corner just acoss the street from the hotel. That same corner is a main street where you can easily get a traditional English cab. We also walked to Hyde park from the hotel. London FoodWe ate at the Englsh pub and an Indian reastaurant on the same street as the hotel. We asked the Hotel Indigo receptionist for recommendations but she could only name one Persian restaurant. down the street. (There is no concierge desk so we expected her to be able provide &quot;concierge-like&quot; services but she could not.) We would recommend trying some of the great spots in Notting Hill -it's not very far away. The West End if chock full of fun places to eat as well.European Sized RoomThe room we had was a standard with an en suite bathroom. It was TINY compared to American hotels but it was new, stylish and we had a great view over looking the park across the street. We had read the reviews and expected it to be compact so we weren't disappointed. We had also looked at the online photos and so we knew it would be an eclectic and more modern- not a traditional &quot;English hotel. The little bathroom is very mod with a nice big shower head and handheld. However the water was just warm-we could never get it hot and steamy. It was really cold outside and we really, really want to warm up in a nice hot shower. You shoudl also watch out for two hazards-the pergo-like wood floor is slippery and the towel heater is in a locale where you can easily burn your bum! Otherwise the room was super clean and brand new! It truely is a non smoking hotel and that made us very, very happy. (However, walking on the streets of London there are many smokers...)We had trouble with our reservations many times which probably wasn't the hotel's fault but the main booking agent/system. For some reason, our stay was in the computer system under 3 separate reservations. So every day we had to check in with the front desk and get a new key. (I'm not sure why they just couldn't take care of that without the extra hassel.) Hotel Food ServiceOur first night ncluded a free breakfast for two. Our first experience with the cafe was not good. It was a very busy &quot;holiday&quot; weekend and they were not staffed with enough help. The coffee bar attendant, waitor and waitresses had too many customers and not enough help. We had to wait a very long time to be seated and then had to ask for both glasses and dishes for the breakfast bar. It took them forever to serve and later explain that there would be no bill. My husband was really put off. However, we had dinner and breakfast included in another night and the food was yummy and service much better. Our waiter was GREAT but they still had problems with our reservation. The restaurant's computer system had &quot;no record of our dinner &quot;included with the booking.&quot; Luckily I printed out the confimration info before I left the states and brought back up with me!Fast Check In/Slow Check OutOur check in was fast-we were given the paper work for 3 nights and all matched what I had booked so we initialled the rates, etc. and they gave us our keys. (One is used for your lights.) All was good.Check out took far too long. Our paper work had changed at check out and there was a charge for our free rewards points night of 100 pounds. The receptionist kept asking for my back up for the reward night because there was nothing in the computer (again.) Luckily I had my reservation codes with me and her supervisor took care of the problem as was VERY, VERY nice. However, we had to wait for :35 to clear it all up and this made us late for our train to the airport and my husband again was getting impatient. We ran down to the main street to catch a cab to Victoria Station when the hotel Supervisor ran after us ---we had left our credit card with him and he was trying to give back to us before we drove off! That was very, very, very nice of him!I have stayed in London 3 years ago and this hotel was a much better value. It was a fun place to try and seems to have worked out most of the &quot;kinks&quot; mentioned in some the other reviews.	
Feb 9 2009 	OK	This hotel is ideal if you care about the room itself not the hotel. Clean brand new rooms with great bathrooms (walk-in-showers only without a bath tub in all the rooms). Some rooms have patio (in case you want to smoke as this hotel is smoke-free entirely). The only bad thing about it is that its staff is not professional including the duty manager I had to speak to.	
Feb 3 2009 	Great Secret	I should really keep this one quiet - However I will share with you if you want a fantastic central london hotel look no further. Absolutely first class. All the trappings of home rolled into a central hotel. With any amount of luck IHG will roll out more Indigo brand hotels in the UK. Congratulations you have got it right and believe me I am not easily pleased. Bravo.	
Feb 1 2009 	Nice Hotel in an edgy Paddington	Stayed for two nights in a superior single, the room is small but furnished to a very high standard, very comfy bed and great rain shower and toiletries. Philips Flat Screen TV was a good standardVery helpful reception staff Literally minutes to walk to Tube , giving District/Circle and Bakerloo access and Paddington main station5 Minutes walk up the road is the Hilton Metropole where you will pay a lot more for the standard of room the Indigo provides.Will and am staying again soon	
Jan 31 2009 	ups and downs in a nice part of London	The bed was lovely. The shower was to die for. The toiletries (Aveda) were fab, the towels thick and luxurious. The decor was nice. The room, though extremely small (even by London standards) to contain a king sized bed, was pleasant and the location was great.The service, on the other hand, was well meaning but very, very intrusive.We were offered complimentary newspapers - lovely. They delivered it by knocking repeatedly on the door at ten to seven. On a Saturday morning. Each of the 3 mornings there was a fire alarm - ringing the room with a recording saying evacuate the building immediately. At 7:30 a.m. - what joy. The first morning we did so - got ready hurredly - only to be told when we got downstairs it was a false alarm. They don't have a recorded message telling to rooms THAT, but perhaps they should. And not do their alarm tests on weekend mornings.The turn-down service lets themselves in to the room unannounced (eek!). When my partner checked out on Monday to go to work, he explained I was still in the room and would be for another hour. The Do Not Disturb sign was on the door. Staff let themselves in anyway as I got out of the shower. Eek again.so - nice hotel, but the staff need to iron out the kinks.	
Jan 31 2009 	A lovely place	Have just flown in from London having stayed at the Indigo Paddington for a week. It is a brand new hotel, and in my opinion it is a lovely place to stay. Staff are extremely helpful and interested in guest issues and appear to be proud of their new hotel.The single rooms are admittedly rather small (nothing new for a London hotel) and this size matter is slightly exacerbated due to the size of the bed which is very generous.The hotel is spotless, with excellent housekeeping and decor. I would most certainly stay there again and I wholeheartedly recommend it. Even location-wise it is spot on - just 100m from Paddington Station.	
Jan 22 2009 	Good new Hotel	We stayed at the Indigo in its first week of opening. The rooms are well designed and thought out, its modern and stylish at an affordable price. The high quality guest products are by Aveda.A few things didn't work (elevator, computers, shower at first) but that can be forgiven as the hotel was brand new.Would stay there again.	
Jan 19 2009 	Impressed with everything the hotel had to offer	This is the second time my wife and I have stayed at the Indigo. On both occasions we were impressed with just about everything the hotel had to offer. We especially loved the design and the attention to detail.The Customer Service was absolutely superb: every member of staff seem to be very proud of their hotel!We don't usually take time to write reviews such as this, but our experience on both occasions warrant the effort from our part.The location is also excellent, with easy access to Paddington station and underground making all of the key attractions easy to reach.We have now made this our number 1 hotel when we travel to London and we will recommend to friends and family.	
Jan 17 2009 	Excellent NEW Indigo - Raising the 4 Star Stanard Bar	Booked this hotel for two nights 8/9 Jan via lastminute.com but found later I would have got a better rate if booked direct on the hotel web site.I agree with all the previous positive comments in that it is a wonderful NEW hotel, beautifully designed with lots of extras. I had a double room at front of hotel which was quite. Being a large person over 6ft 6in &amp; 19 stone - the double bed (even for me) was large &amp; comfortable, room has excellent amenities well laid out &amp; an amazing (and for my size) comfortable shower. Room had a small handy fridge.Being a new hotel - everything is NEW and is being kept spotless.I had a few minor issues(a) Burnt my bottom twice off the towel rail when exiting from shower (b) Hotel Fire alarm going off at 7.30 (i.e. false alarm) (c) Room bright at night due to the white screensaver that cannot be turned off on both the iPod dock/clock radio and the new IP phone.(d) Charge for Internet via TV not mentioned on hotel web site(though free WiFi in room &amp; through out hotel.Overall an excellent hotel (with attentive pleasant staff at all levels) set in a great location so easy for local dining &amp; transport. My only problem in highly recommending this hotel for its great new facilities &amp; excellent value for money is that it may not be available to me when I return…again…….again…..&amp;……again.	
Jan 13 2009 	Wonderful service	I have just returned from a 4 night stay at this new hotel .Very convenient to most of my needs. Wonderful rooms ,very well serviced and could not have been nicer.Highly recommended &amp; hope to stay again !	
Jan 6 2009 	Wonderful Hotel great location amazing price	As a londener I was looking for a hotel for the night as a treat for me and my friend for her birthday and we both found the Hotel Indigo online and and got a great rate. It is a wonderful hotel, beautifully designed with lots of extras. We had large room at front of hotel which was not very noisy surprisingly being on the london road. The bed was large and very comfortable and cozy, the whole room was very pleasing and had excellent amienties, amazing shower and lots of nice aveda products.Staff were very helpful and check in was quick and easy. Hotel is right by tube station bus station and taxi rank so easy for transport. Overall an excellent hotel set in a great location, will definatly be treating ourselves again.	
Dec 24 2008 	Wonderful Design	I have stayed in a few Hotel Indigos in the USA and loved the design and informal feeling of the chain, so was eager to try the Paddington property when it opened. As a previous reviewer mentioned, the lift was not working. However, staff were on hand to take luggage up to the room. The room was reasonable-sized by London standards, but absolutely beautifully designed - very comfortable bed; excellent working desk (with free wifi), 42in TV, safe, mini-bar (although not operational), tea/coffee/biscuits/water &amp; excellent shower. My only complaint with the room was the iPod dock/clock radio, which I could not get to work properly.Had breakfast in the Phi Cafe Bar, which again had been well designed so that it was open to the street, and therefore more like an upmarket coffee bar than a hotel restaurant. Will definitely return, and hope some more Hotel Indigos open in the UK soon.	
Dec 23 2008	Hotel Indigo not fair to Handicapped person	On the night of Monday Dec. 15th 2008 - Hotel Indigo kicked my friend out of the hotel because the elevator broke (was that way for HOURS -from around 3 pm until we returned to the hotel somewhere around 8 pm Dec. 15th, 2008) and they claimed that her travel company never told them she was handicapped. Which is total bologna because they put us in a beautiful, wonderfully wheelchair accessible room #501. Plus my friend's travel agent knows she's handicapped, that's why she uses that company and has for several years. Anyway, the manager claimed that they did not know she was handicapped and that meant - to them- that they felt that they were not obligated to help her find another hotel. ARGH! And DUH - she can't walk -so she wheeled in to register, meaning they could see with their own eyes she was in a wheelchair. Not all the rooms are set up to be as accessible as the one they put us in (room 501). Oh, they told me I could stay -which caused my jaw to hit the floor. But there was no way in heck I’m going to leave a friend alone on the streets of London or anywhere else for that matter. We got a cab, booked a room in a different hotel, rebooked our flight and left London after being there for only about 24 hours.	
Dec 10 2008 	Impressed with this new hotel	Stayed at Hotel Indigo just one week after IHG opened their first London property under this brand. Although check in was a little slow (I guess the staff were still in training), I found the service and the amenities of this property to be very good.The decor with large photomontages of the Paddington area and lots of references to the Fibonacci sequence (to tie in with the spiral Indigo logo) was very refreshing, and I was particularly impressed with the corridors with their ceiling murals and bright striped carpets. A lot of thought has gone into to the design of the small but very well equipped rooms, and I liked the fact that there was wooden flooring and a large rug that gave it a contemporary feel. There were some other nice touches like a trolley/tray so you can have breakfast in bed, a large couch in front of the oversized LCD screen, free bottled water, and free WIFI. The lighting in the rooms is very good, but one small criticism is that the new IP phones have a white screensaver on that cannot be turned off which made the room very light at night (I put a pillow over mine to get to sleep!): I understand from the manager that this is going to be fixed soon. The bathroom, although very small was well fitted out with a Grohe Rainhead Shower, Mood Lighting and lovely Aveda toiletries. One small niggle was that I did not notice any of those signs that you normally get in hotels about washing towels and the environment, and consequently during the turn down service my once used towel got changed and I was given a whole load more toiletries which were not really needed.Breakfast the following morning was very good, and on the whole I had a very enjoyable stay. I will be back...!	
Sep 24 2009 	UN HOTEL TALMENTE BELLO CHE E' STATO DIFFICILE USCIRNE!!"		
Aug 19 2009 	diferente y con personalidad. diseño		
Jun 16 2009 	Schönes Designerhotel nahe Paddington Station		
May 10 2009	Designer-Zimmer im Kellerverließ		
Apr 19 2009	Modernes kleines Stadthotel		
Apr 14 2009 	Buenisima impresion		
Mar 25 2009 	????????		
Jan 19 2009 	Un fantastico Indigo Hotel		
