	Great place	Stayed here on weekend of 28th Nov, with 3 other ladies. Was brilliant room, great value for money. Cant knock anything, it was fab. Would definitely recommend. The location is ideal and the tube is right outside the door. The staff couldnt do enough, it deserves its 4 stars. Kensington is a lovely place, very quiet and safe.	
Nov 24 2009 	Fantastic VFM	I stayed in this hotel on Friday 20th November, with 4 other friends. I had booked this hotel via the hotels website and got a very good price of £55 per person.The hotel is in fanastic location for the West End and we were able to get tubes and taxis very easily. The reception area is very modern as were the rooms we stayed in. The rooms were spacious with 2 double beds in each. The only tiny complaint I would have was around the residents bar, the bar manager in the bar was dressed in a suit which obviously did not fit him and had also seen better days. Also they added a 12.5% service charge onto the bill, which I did find a bit steep.Would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.	
Nov 17 2009 	Big room convenient location	We chose this hotel as part of a flight and hotel package. It was a good value because a family of four could stay in one room with two double beds, which is not easy to find in London. The size of the room was very good, the TV was new, and the beds were comfortable. We had a room facing the garden, and it was nice and quiet. The location is a 3 minute walk to the Gloucester tube station which is on 3 tube lines, and is also walking distance to Kensington Gardens and the Science and Natural History museums. We didn't eat in the hotel because there are plenty of restaurants right outside the hotel, as well as a grocery store across the street. We were very happy with this hotel and would stay here again.	
Nov 14 2009 	Excellent hotel excellent location	A lovely modern, clean hotel with good room size and friendly helpful staff. We booked on their website and got a room only rate of £135 incl taxes. It is on the picadilly line great for heathrow and moments from the underground door. I will certainly return.	
Nov 7 2009 	Great Location but expensive	We had last stayed here in November 2008 when the Hotel was in the middle of the refurbishment and changing from a Holiday Inn. The location is so good that the few niggles of staying in a part building site had not put us off booking again this year.We stayed for 4 nights from Monday 2nd to Friday morning 6th. This was half term in Luxembourg where we live.There were 3 people in our party my wife and me together with out 18 year old daughter. I had booked two of the nights with reward points and the other two nights were an Advanced purchase breakfast (for 2 people) rate at £197.80 per night all taxes included. This is at the top of our budget and if we had to pay the rate indicated at reception £295 per night standard room without breakfast, we would not be stopping here.The check in was simple and straightforward. We had arrived on an early flight but our rooms were ready. We were allocated room 626 (no smoking as requested) This was on the 6th floor with the even numbers looking on to the garden. Which I assume works for all the floors.We were offered a &quot;club&quot; upgrade for £50 per night which we declined. Anyone on an expense account will like these &quot;club&quot; facility's. As a traveller paying my own bill I know I am not as important as the business traveller but that's simple economics.The staff were friendly and helpful particularly in the breakfast room. The Hotel is clean, modern and is in an ideal location. The room we had was large enough for 3 grown people and the bathroom is modern and well styled. Even tho' there is only one lift operating at the moment we did not experience any long delays.I have no hesitation in recommending this Hotel to all travellers.Just a couple of niggles.The &quot;free&quot; wifi did not work well above reception and not at all on the 6th floor. This I was told would be &quot;fixed&quot; soon. It better be by my next visit.The very modern alarm clock in the room was screwed to the bedside table so the time could not be seen when in bed without getting half out of bed. Is this style over substance?The &quot;hooks&quot; on the back of the bathroom door were certainly an example of style over substance as they did not hook very well. Or to paraphrase the advert, &quot;they do not do what it says on the tin!&quot;And finally the locked windows. Is that to keep the guest safely in their room or burglars out of the room. What happened to mother natures fresh air. We are urged to preserve natural resources (see the Hotels mission statement about consumption of water and electricity) yet the only way to control the rooms temperature is with the air conditioning.The Hotel is not perfect but neither am I.We will return if we can.	
Nov 2 2009 	Good location hotel could be better. Renovations left out extractors!	We stayed during the half term holiday, from Wednesday to Saturday. We chose this hotel because we had stayed there a couple of years ago and they had given us a room for 5. The hotel has undergone an extensive renovation including rebranding, it was formerly called the Holiday Inn. The entrance and foyer of the hotel is well laid out if small. We had forgotten to bring a copy of our reservation and only had the confimation number with us. The staff weren't prepared to believe us that we had booked a room for 5 (2 double beds and a rollaway bed) on the ichotelgroup website so check in was less than friendly. They asked us if we knew the name of the person we had booked with! Not something anyone is likely to remember after a few months and should have been easy for them to find out. As we had arrived too early to check in, we said we would phone them in a couple of hours to find out if they had checked with their reservation service as to whether we were indeed booked into a room for 5! We left our luggage with the concierge and left for sightseeing. We called at 2pm and they assured us that we had indeed booked as we had said and that our room was ready. On returning to the hotel, we got our bags from the concierge (couldn't they have done this earlier without us?) and went to our room. It was a little small for 5 but we didn't complain as it's rare to find a hotel which will do this. The following morning we discovered that the bathroom didn't have an extractor for steam and that the windows in the bedroom were sealed shut. The air conditioning system didn't seem to work either. The water was streaming down the window and pooling on the sill. We rang reception to ask for the key to window but they told us there were none. Having mentioned that 2 of our children were asthmatic, they immediately suggested we move rooms to one with a balcony so we could open the doors. They asked us to have our bags packed and leave them in the room and they would move them within a couple of hours. On our return the bags were indeed moved to a bigger and much better room. Why couldn't we have had this room from the beginning? It was much more suitable for the 3 beds and 5 guests. Air conditioning worked very effectively and the french doors opened over the gardens which was very pleasant. Important note: if you are a smoker, beware they charge £150 if they find any guest has smoked in their room even with the window open! Had I wandered into a boarding school or what? In all I would stay there again for the simple reason that they gave us one room which is quite a saving when you have 5 in family. £500 plus for room only for 3 nights is quite enough to pay, thank you. Nothing special about this hotel, very few channels on the TV, internet access in the room is £8 but is free in the foyer with a colour printer for guests' use. Staff were generally very friendly especially the concierge staff.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great Location	....yes it's a great location- a direct tube ride from Heathrow. Plus Kensington is a beautiful area and there are a great range of eating options just outside the Hotel. The London Bus tour companies also have a stop nearby. The rooms were nice but the temperature was too cold in the room and too hot in the corridor. Our one room service meal was generous, well presented but overpriced- but that is London.	
Oct 23 2009 	Excellent hotel and staff - bit pricey though!	You can usually rely on a Crowne Plaza to be of a certain standard and Kensington meets expectations in this regard. Good job we were on a reward night I have stayed in places just as good that were less than half the price of the rack rates listed in reception!Comfortable room, good location and good staff. If you can get a decent room rate, you will be more than happy here.	
Oct 16 2009 	Friendly clean and helpful. Good location`	My husband and I always stay in this area as we know it well. The Crowne Plaza was terrific. I had requested a quiet room and we were given a very nice one overlooking the garden. We found the staff helpful and the breakfasts good with plenty of choice.The one downside was the lift but I understand another one is being put in. We would stay there again.	
Oct 14 2009 	Great Location/ 2 Beds !!	Pros1. Great Location / Very Close To Tube Station /food/ groceries2. Room was extremely quite / We faced the back of the hotel3. 2 Beds in 1 room which is very hard to find4. Very pleasant staffCons1. Wifi didn't work for me but at least the lobby has 2 free computers to use2. Elevator was broken for 1 day. We were on the 5th floor so it was haul to do without3. Shower water pressure was good the first day, lousy the next 2 days4. Asking for ice is a hassle. The last night I was told the ice machine was broken.5. Maid Service made the beds fine but left other things out like replacing the glasses each day with new ones or removing the ice buckets that we accumulated.	
Oct 10 2009 	first rate service super location	Stayed 1 night in October 2009 very high quality room, breakfast fantastic. Location is less than 75 meters from tube. Would stay when ever on London, although the price was at the top end of my budget at £170 per night but well worth it. Oh yes the bed was the best I have slept on in a uk hotel.	
Oct 9 2009 	Wonderful friendly convenient	Stayed here for four nights, and I was delighted to see the free WiFi was working again, I got a lot of use out of it. The receptionists were very friendly, the room was impeccably clean (Room 510) with a good view over the side of the church behind the hotel.I was amazed at how quiet the room was, there was no traffic noise, no banging of doors, no shouting in the corridor. The room had an ironing board, maybe just a little thing but I find it irritating having to phone room service to get one delivered. No problems here.The bar staff were friendly, a little slow perhaps but hey, got to find something wrong! Yes there is only one lift (elevator) but you get used to allowing an extra minute or two for it to come. Food is expensive but there's a supermarket over the road, and plenty of restaurants within a 100 metre radius for breakfast or evening meals.If I had to change one thing, and one thing only it would be the alarm clock in the bedroom is stuck to the worktop, so you can't move it. What that means is that I couldn't actually see the time when I was in bed, and therefore if I wanted to check it I had to sit up.In a nutshell, safe, convenient, clean and friendly.	
Sep 30 2009 	Best value and quality in Gloucester Road Area	This is a very good hotel and if you can get a good rate, value for money. I stayed there twice in the last week. My first room was small but very nice. If you are a single business traveller it is perfect. If you are a couple or family with a lot of luggage, then this room would have been a major problem. My second room was an upgrade (I am a PClub Platinum member). This room was very large and nicely fitted. This is going to be my new hotel of choice in this area of town.	
Sep 28 2009 	A great place to relax	I had a lunchtime flight from Heathrow and decided that the CP Kensington would be an ideal place to stay before my flight as it's very easy to reach by tube. If the flight had been earlier I would have booked an airport hotel but none of the airport hotels are in the league of the CP Kensington.I paid for the room using priority club points and paid £50 for a lounge access upgrade (that's £50 per room, i.e. £25 per person, a bargain). Let's put this in perspective, if I'd stayed at home I'd be paying over £65 to get a taxi to the airport in the morning, either that or face the hassle of two buses, the Bakerloo line and the Heathrow Express meaning I'd have to get up really early. With all that considered I'd be crazy not to stay at this hotel.For less than an airport taxi I got free drinks and canapes in the evening and a superb breakfast in the morning. The evening drinks service is provided at your seat, which is unusual for most Crowne Plaza hotels where it's common to help yourself, the breakfast consists of a continental buffet (which is the standard CP offer), but the CP Kensington goes one further and offers a full English breakfast made to order which is a great way to start the morning and ready to face the hassles of airport security. The breakfast alone is enough to make this the best Crowne Plaza lounge I've used and I've tried a lot of them!The lounge also offers a choice of a Windows PC or a Mac to work on, this is great for someone who works with Linux and uses a Mac at home, I really hate some hotel PC setups particularly that awful iBahn kiosk software.Staff, great as always and some even remembered me! The barman remembered my favourite drink and a few other staff around the building welcomed me back. I think this is quite impressive as I've only spent three nights in this hotel previously and the last time was back in July.My room was a decent size but not as big as the massive room I received in July. I am a Priority Club Platinum member, but I've always stayed in this hotel on points and so although I always get allocated a decent room I do understand that those Priority Club members that are paying for rooms will be first in line for the super upgrades such as those multi-level suites.The bed is a good size and very comfortable, the TV has a good range of channels and movies, the bathroom in this room was a little on the small side (compared to my previous room) but the bath was a decent size and the room was well lit and that's all that matters.The lounge was definitely the highlight of this visit but let's not forget the superb gym. Obviously not the best place to go after the free booze and canapes, but I spent an hour there upon arrival before making use of the lounge.Bad points: I've still had no success with the free wifi, when I first stayed here I wasn't even aware there was supposed to be any free wifi. I know they're working on improving this and I'm sure in the end it'll all work out. I'm not sure why they can't make the wired internet access free in the meantime (contractual obligations?). Check-out completed without issues, a quick walk across the road to the Picadilly Line I was soon at Heathrow enjoying another drink in the new bmi lounge at Heathrow before my flight to Munich for Oktoberfest. Sorry: never had the chance to pop out for a curry, so no free mentions of that nearby restaurant. I'll try better next time :)	
Sep 26 2009 	When is an upgrade not an upgrade?	I'm a big fan of most InterContinental brand hotels. I've got Platinum status in Priority Club and generally try to stay at one of their brands. It is the little extras you get for loyalty that are nice.So I thought I would try out this Crowne Plaza and whilst the room was very nice (although mine was hot as the A/c didn't seem to do very much) with a great bathroom and fab towels. Some other things left a bit to be desired.Now I understand the upgrades are &quot;subject to availability&quot; but in the likes of the Hilton if they can't upgrade you, they offer you something (from wine to free internet or at least something to thank you for your loyalty.) However, at this hotel, I was told it was completely full so no upgrade. With a bit of prompting the lady at check in seemed to find me a Club room.However, what she didn't tell me was that the &quot;upgrade&quot; was only the room. For the first time that I have stayed in any hotel where I have had the upgrade, seems the Club Room was off limits. I only found this out when I tried to use it. The guy at reception didn't seem too interested in my point about not being told. He just kept repeating that I could pay for it if I wanted. If I had been told there was no lounge access that would be ok, but it was not being told. That and what is the point in being loyal?Finally when I checked out, there was no &quot;did I have a nice stay&quot; nor any other interaction. I was just given a copy of the bill. So, nice (albeit warm) room but cold staff (at least in my experience.) Bed was great and nice chair for the desk to work at. Location is great. Close to the tube. You can make your decision on staying here!	
Sep 24 2009 	Very nice rooms for London 	The rooms were of a nice standard better than alot of the Hiltons I stay in. Also the public spaces were good. It is unusual to find family rooms in this standard of hotel at a reasonable price. This is why we chose it. We were very surprised it had a huge garden which would have been lovely for the children to run around in or for that matter grown ups, but unfortunately it was not secure I took a stroll to the rear of it and realised it was open on to a back street wwith lots of people sleeping rough. They need to fence it in so you feel it is safe for the kids to play in. They had problems in the kitchen the night we were there and we had to wait a very long time for our meals, however they did apologise and gave us free drinks with the meal. The food was good but portions were very small. Very close to natural history museum etc. so ideal for that. Overall a pleasant stay.	
Sep 22 2009 	Hot and Stuffy!	We stayed for just one night on the way back from a 9 month trip through Asia mostly in 30c heat. Check-in was ok, the hotel has only one lift at the moment which is tiny, so it took a while to get to the room with all of our luggage! The room was far too hot, even after getting an engineer to come and take a look at it, the guy found that the filter was badly clogged, but to be honest even after he hoovered it out the room was still too hot, to the point that I had the most awful headache in the morning. Apparently under the manager's instructions all windows have been locked shut!?! Another gripe is the space in the room, it was virtually impossible to get round the bottom of the bed without kneecapping yourself, partly due to the oversized bed and also bad design of the room and furniture. The location is ok, opposite Gloucester Road station. My fiance has stayed in many Crowne Plaza and Holiday Inns and is a Gold Priority Club member and this has bneen one of the worst stays he has had! For the money we paid we were really very disappointed.	
Sep 21 2009 	Fantastic in every way	My husband, brother, his girlfriend and I stayed at the crowne plaza for two nights on the 18th and 19th September.Having stayed in Holiday Inns and Crowne Plaza's all over the UK I was most impressed by everything the crowne plaza kensignton had to offer.Firstly the location is brilliant, across the road from Glouster Road tube station. Within 5 mins walk you have access to some wonderful bars and restaurants, if you want a good english pub with great food then visit the stanhope arms, just along from tesco's.If you turn left out of the hotel and walk for about 10 mins you will find yourself in the heart of Knightsbridge (Harrods, Hyde Park, Harvey Nicholls), if you turn right and walk for 10 mins you will reach Earls Court, lots of restarants and bars.The hotel itself if very modern, the bar is great and the cocktails are fantastic. The service was wonderful and the concierge very helpful.Our room was lovely with 2 double beds, plasma screen etc.Overall I was thoroughly impressed and I will definately stay again next time we are in London.	
Sep 15 2009 	Nice hotel great location	Hotel was lovely, great location with easy access to both the airport and to the Eurostar. Rooms were as pictured both on the website and by others here with the exception that our room was a little tight between the beds and the furniture on the tv wall. The dressers and desk were a bit too wide for the room (see photos). Other than that, the hotel is fabulous. Loved the back garden area. I would most definitely recommend this hotel to family and friends.	
Sep 15 2009 	Fantastic stay	From the level of attention paid to every review I had no doubts this would be one great hotel, always looking out for ways to improve its service, and it really was. The location is excellent, just across the road from the Gloucester road tube so no problems arriving from either Paddington or in our case King's Cross. Nice area, can walk to Knightsbridge (Harrods, etc), Hyde Park, and lots of supermarkets (waitrose is straight across!) open late too in case you need them. We dropped by the nearby south kensington branch of Ottolenghi and grabbed some fantastic takeaway lunch treats.We checked in a bit early (1pm) but there were no problems, room was ready and to our great joy full Platinum member benefits applied. Lady at the reception was very friendly and efficient, told us about her recent trip to our native country and made us feel welcome. We had purchased the club room option already so we were treated to some nice pre-dinner drinks and snacks on the club lounge as well as breakfast the next morning. Well worth the extra in my opinion. If I had any request would be that they get an espresso (or nespresso like some Radissons do) machine for a nice morning cappucino :) (maybe it would be possible, I didn't ask)So had a fantastic weekend, made even better thanks to our fantastic experience at this Crowne Plaza. It's definitely going to be the first option for me, everytime I need to stay down to London.	
Sep 12 2009 	Good Hotel 	My sister and I stayed here for 4 nites. The location was great -- right across the street from the Gloucester Rd tube stop on the Picadilly, Circle and District lines. Within a block of the hotel there were several restaurants, a gourmet grocery store, a Starbucks, and a Paul's bakery. The hotel was very comfortable and quiet. We had a room with 2 double beds and I was suprised at how spacious it was. European hotels are notoriously small, but this was what I would expect to find in the U.S. Highly recommend it!	
Sep 7 2009 	NIce Hotel	My daughters and I stayed 1 night prior to a cruise. Nice hotel in a great location. We had a room with 2 double beds and it was good space for the three of us. I booked using points and added on the club program which was great because of internet access, breakfast and drinks. We dropped in for the early evening snack but there was little left. Our room was very nice, clean and looked over the courtyard. My only complaint would be the slow elevator service as there is only one. I think they are adding the second shortly.We came via Heathrow and bought full day travel pass for metro and trains. It was a direct train ride via PIcadilly to Gloucester and a short walk to the hotel.We walked and used the subway all over and suffering jet lag did not want to sit through a meal for dinner. We stopped at the Whole Foods and had some great food in their food market and nice treats from their bakery.	
Sep 2 2009 	Excellent hotel cannot fault it	Just returned from a 2 night stay here, I booked a triple room last minute on the recommendation of a friend and was not disappointed. We were given a free upgrade to a junior suite on arrival, don't ask me why but have noticed other posts have received this too! This was ideal for us as it was a 2 storey suite which provided us with privacy as our teenage son was able to sleep downstairs having his his own seperate TV. The hotel provided us with everything you would expect from a 4 star hotel and not only that but the staff were exeptionally friendly and helpful and it's location was superb,with Gloucester Rd tube station literally across the road providing easy access to everywhere in London and also several restaurants in very close proximity,which we unfortunately didn't get to try . A Waitrose and Tesco supermarket were also on the doorstep which enabled those on a limited budget to shop and take drinks,snacks etc to the room. Thoroughly enyoyed our stay here and will certainly return to this hotel on our next visit.Excellent!	
Sep 1 2009 	Lovely Hotel with Excellent Ammenities	We had a terrific experience at London Kensington Crowne Plaza....room was for 3 adults - a rarity in many cities! - and it was a decent size. Everything worked well. There was even a beautiful English garden in the back of the property. The staff was a pleasure for us to work with. Next time in London: we already know where we shall be staying! As of location: it was a fine location. Many restuarants and shops around the corner. At night, it was still busy and we felt safe coming &quot;home&quot; from other areas at late hours.	
Aug 31 2009 	Ideal London hotel	We were extremely happy with our stay at the Crowne Plaza. Spacious (especially for a London hotel) twin double bedded room and very clean bathroom. Excellent buffet choice at breakfast and the garden was a quiet oasis to sit in rather than staying in the room. Unfortunately, only one computer to access the internet for free by guests in the hotel foyer so this was constantly in use. Hotel is in an ideal location for easy access either by foot, bus or tube for shopping, tourist attraction, museums and places to eat. Recommend Tower of London - arrive for 9.00am - do Crown Jewels first and a Beefeater tour. Any ladies who have time for pampering can highly recommend a facial at Liz Earle (www.lizearle.com) which is within walking distance of the hotel or by tube at Duke of York Square by Sloane Square, Kings Road.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great Stay	My husband, daughter and I returned for a three day stay last week. We first stayed at this hotel in August 2007 and we were very pleased with the upgrades. I have been closely monitoring the reviews so was prepared for both the slow elevator service and the non working wifi. Once the second elevator is installed I am sure that problem will resolve itself. The renovation makes the place much brighter and comfortable. We had a double room on the fifth floor which gave us a decent amount of space for the three of us. the rooms are small but manageable and we came to London to sight see, not to spend time in the room. Like a prior reviewer noted - you do need to keep your clothes in the suitcase as there really isn't any storage space for clothes outside of a closet for hanging things. We overlooked the garden which I had requested at the time of our reservation last Spring and that was nice. . We opted for the breakfast plan and I was impressed with the new bright dining room (two years ago you ate downstairs which was somewhat dark and dank) and the good service. The food, while plentiful was just ok. On the other hand, it was extremely convenient as all three of us tended to wake up at different times, it was nice to have a place to go while waiting for the rest of the family to get up. We should note that we booked and prepaid for our room three or four months ago so and we had a really good rate which I am sure made us more tolerant of slow elevators etc. The location of the hotel is terrific. The Glouster Road tube station is a half a block away and there are several reasonably priced restaurants just a short walk away as well. We ate at Little India, Memories of India and The Prince Regent. All had decent food. A Waitrose supermarket is directly across the street and a small Tesco about a block away. The hotel staff was kind and attentive. We had a small problem with the TV and that was rectified within 20 minutes and a taxi was arranged for us to bring us back to Heathrow. We would certainly stay here again and would recommend this hotel to our friends.	
Aug 30 2009 	A really good value for London and the staff was outstanding	We had just one night in London in transit to Spain and we didn't want to spend a fortune. Based on the revies on Trip Advisor, we stayed at this hotel and we were not disappointed. We were 2 adults and 2 teenagers in one room--2 double beds. So it was a bit cramped. But hotel is well-maintained and quiet despite being on a very noisy road. But what really stood out was the staff. The desk clerk not only checked us in but once she heard we were on our way to Barcelona, asked all about where we were staying and offered advice. When we had an issue with the TV, the manager on duty came upstairs right away and fixed it. The concierge worked with us on making the most of our day in London and in organizing our travel to Stansted (the trains were on strike - eek!) and he arranged alternative transportation without a glitch. The breakfast was lovely - veddy British. My only complaint was that after 10 pm you cannot get food in the bar (which is open - and the bartender was very sweet- from Australia) you can only order room service. In many ways this was a perfectly ordinary hotel made better than that by a very attentive staff. Exactly what we wanted and needed.	
Aug 30 2009 	Disappointed	I think perhaps the incredible reviews this hotel had gained led me to have unrealistic expectations ... I was expecting something very special and it wasn't. It was perfectly adequate, but not special. I booked on a reward points rate so maybe we got a small room as it was free but it was small ... no space on one side of the double bed for a bedside table or stand of any sort and not really space for anyone to get in or out of bed. the windows had had some type of frosting applied so there was no view whatsoever.Everywhere was clean and tidy, bathroom again was small - I'd love to say perfectly formed but unfortunately the toilet paper dispenser was attached to the side of the bath which led to damp paper once one of us had had a shower. That apart and the short bath, it was lovely... again clean and modern.My main concern was the air conditioning ... it was fine on Saturday afternoon, but when we returned from the West End at 11pm the room was stifling, the windows locked and I had a really poor nights sleep. On check out the next day the receptionist intimated that there had been a problem over night so maybe we were just unlucky.Don't get me wrong, the hotel was stylish, the staff friendly, we had no problem with the lift, the toiletries lovely and the pillows soft. I think we had a particularly small room, an unfortunate experience with the air conditioning and possibly over inflated expectations. Would I stay there again? Possibly, but I'd pay for a deluxe room if I could get it at a decent price.	
Aug 30 2009 	Chain dependability with boutique feel	My wife, daughter stayed at this hotel for a week. If you're looking for a boutique hotel but seek dependability of a quality chain hotel, this is a great place to stay. It is a former Holiday Inn which has been renovated/modernized to current Crowne Plaza brand. This means that lobby and rooms are modern/trendy and comfortable. Yet, it has the feel of a boutique hotel - there aren't ten thousand rooms and the staff is quite friendly and helpful. The pictures on the hotel website are quite accurate.Service is excellent on all fronts. If you need ice (I asked for it every night), the room service staff brought it within 2-3 minutes. The concierges are very helpful and knowledgeable. They steered us to an excellent family run Indian restaurant that is within a five minute walk (Memories of India, by the way). Because the hotel is not huge, you get to know the staff. One night my daughter needed scissors to open one of those bullet proof plastic packages, the concierge immediately produced a pair and skillfully cut it open. When we went up to our room after opening the package, we left, of all things, a dog toy that we had bought at Harrod's. The next day the concierge recognized us and gave us the package. Little things like that are huge to me.Our room was, for the most part, comfortable and roomy enough for the three of us. We faced the rear courtyard, which is a great place to sit. There was no street noise. My only complaint was that the air conditioning was a bit weak for weather that was quite warm by London standards (90 degrees). I mentioned this to the front desk in the morning; when we returned that afternoon, it had been adjusted and they had left a fan for us. The elevator situation is a problem; however, if you're on a lower floor (we were on the 3rd floor) you can easily walk up the steps. They're working on getting a new second elevator installed.The location is awesome - a block away from the Gloucester Road tube stop. There are plenty of good restaurants nearby. And, there is a grocery store (Waitrose), drug store (Boots), convenience store (Tesco), and the ubiquitous Starbucks all on the block between the hotel and the tube stop.Altogether, the few flaws are minor inconveniences that are greatly outweighed by the quality of the common areas, rooms, fantastic staff, and reasonable rates.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great hotel	Had a great stay at the Crowne Plaza.The hotel was a very short walk from the Gloucester Road station and therefore access to all of London.We had a room at the back of the hotel overlooking the lovely garden. The room was very quiet for London, beds were great. Yup one lift was broken and therefore the other was full all the time but this didn't affect us as we were on the first floor and just walked down the stairs.Food was good in the hotel but our favourite bit about staying at this hotel was the ability to go sit outside in a nice quiet garden, sit with a gin and tonic. (The first hotel in London I've stayed in with a garden you can sit outside in.There were a couple of families making good use of the large garden.	
Aug 23 2009 	Good hotel great location	We picked the Crowne Plaza for its location, which we love. Our rooms were standard double rooms, so rather cramped for a family of four. We stayed for three nights but had to keep all our clothes in our suitcases as there was no storage other than a tiny wardrobe with four hangers. Breakfast was very good and all the staff were friendly and helpful. We paid for in room internet and it never worked (they refunded us, which was nice of them, but we would have preferred working email!) Bathroom, although small, was very nicely decorated, with upscale soaps and shampoos. Our room looked out over Cromwell Road but was very quiet, thanks to good sound-insulating windows. The room was very clean but the corridor outside smelled of something we'd rather not think about too hard and the carpet was badly stained in some places. The biggest drawback was the lift, or lack of it. There was only one tiny and temperamental lift, which sometimes refused to stop on our floor. And when it did, it was always full. Using the stairs involved learning a tortuous route along various corridors and fire exits. Still, we met other people that way and everyone enjoyed complaining about the poor lift. We'd stay here again but would pay more for one of the suites, which we heard others say were excellent.	
Aug 21 2009 	proirity club ... what is this?	I was London with my family (4 persons: 2adts. +2 Child.) Guest at the Crowne Plaza Kensington for 4 nights ( 11st &gt;15th August). I'm members of priority club since 1994 and from severl years I 'm platinum member.Unfortunately I have noticed that being part of the priority club or to have the platinum card priority is zero for them. I had a standard room (two double beds)I made my on-line reservation on May 26 for 4 nights as rewards nights. Upon arrival, they have proposed the formula 50sterling per day for breakfast and free access to the lounge. I then discovered that the same price (50 sterling charge and free access to the lounge) applied to anyone. Upon check out at the reception asking to speak with a manager, I was presented Mr. Lee Sylvester (Hr manager) Has confirmed to me that their hotel in fact makes no difference between those who participate in program priority club or those of platinum priority club, except the check out time extended to 14: 00 instead of 12:00. No room up-grade, no proposal ..... nothing .I'll remember for next time that in kensington area there are many other nicehotel chains Marriott etc, who are very careful ee distinction between affiliates and customers do not.Graziano Sampieri	
Aug 17 2009 	Probably the Best Crowne Plaza in London	I usually stay at the Holiday Inn Kensington Forum, but was intrigued by the upscaled Kensington Holiday Inn to a Crowne Plaza, and I wasn't disappointed. Far better than Crowne Plaza St James, and even more modern than Crowne Plaza Blackfriars, this hotel won't disappoint you.The reception staff are all friendly and helpful. The reception area is large and airy. We had booked a club room, which was in tip top condition, with a view over the gardens/towards the chuch, which was peaceful as you could get in the centre of london. The french doors opened so you could get some fresh air. Rooms are modern with leather comfy seats, good desk area, a real haidryer which is independent of any fixed plug (a big plus for me!), enough wardrobe/drawer space for a weeks stay. Ironing board, umbrella (didn't use it!). Large Philips LCD TV screen, didn't realise to point the remote at the top of the screen rather than the infrared port on bottom left (silly me!). A Pure DAB radio with integral alarm and IPOD dock. Unfortunately at night you couldn't move the radio from it's fixed position (stop someone taking it I suppose!), so I couldn't see the time - had to keep putting on my mobile phone to check the time. Air con was efficient.The bathroom had a full length bath with separate shower. Huge heavy bathrobes (gorgeous) and lovely cotton slippers. Sensuous large editions of aran toiletries (who can resist a mandarin and mint body lotion?) a very modern bathroom. illuminated vanity mirror and a pair of weighing scales to check how much weight you have gained through eating in the restaurant! The club lounge is a haven away from the noise of london. comfy seating, free internet access. Free evening drinks/canapes and a free full english breakfast (first time I have experienced that in a club lounge and loved it!). However, one of the doors wasn't secure meaning people who shouldn't have access came in saying they had been told it was OK to eat there, a little less exclusive than I had thought.Negatives - one lift is undergoing renovation, so it was very busy at peak times. Especially lots of luggage in the lift meaning not many people could get in. Perhaps management might want to think about pointing out an alternative route at these times, I wouldn't have minded a walk down some stairs or using the service lift. My room deadlock didn't work despite me asking it to be sorted, it worked once, then didn't work again. But these things were just trivial compared to the lovely time we had.I wouldn't hesitate visiting here again, and I would like to thank the staff who I came into contact with - you were just so happy and had a can do attitude, very refreshing.	
Aug 13 2009 	A wonderful place to stay in London	We stayed at this hotel in July for a weekend as a treat to ourselves. Admittedly the one thing that sold this hotel to us more than anything else wasn’t the quality of the reviews on Tripadvisor, although they were impressive, it was the brilliant management responses – these hinted at an establishment run by human beings, with intelligence and a dry wit and a sense of fun. On arrival, we were initially delighted to be told we’d been given a free upgrade to a suite, but when we actually saw our split level, deluxe accommodation, we were squealing excitedly and would have been jumping up and down, if we weren’t two sensible women. Apologies to neighbouring guests if our shrill squeals disturbed or frightened you.The rooms were simply, yet stylishly decorated, the bed huge and comfortable, the extra touches wonderful, from the large brolly in the umbrella stand to the Arran toiletries in the well appointed bathroom. Towels were big and fluffy, and the bathrobes luxurious and heavy (we were tempted to request the option of strong men to lift us from the floor when we fell over wearing them, but couldn’t find the number). Room service was also very good, we particularly enjoyed the flavoursome chilli and the trout. Breakfast in the main restaurant was also very good. Now, that tells you about the suite, which was amazing, clean, well equipped and, even though it faced onto the main road, the double glazing cut out all exterior sounds. However, what really made our stay special was the service provided and the incredible friendliness of the staff. Every member of staff that we had dealings with, from the receptionist to the concierge, to the waitresses and the manager, were all cheerful and happy to help in whatever way they could.It isn’t a luxury we find easy to justify, staying in a smart hotel in central London, but should the option ever avail itself again we wouldn’t hesitate to stay at the Crown Plaza in Kensington, it put smiles on our faces and made us very happy.	
Aug 8 2009 	NIce Place and will return	Nice hotel entirely within the keeping of the Crowne Plaza. Good location, accommodating staff and a good overall experience.	
Aug 6 2009 	Excellent Location - Recommended for this reason alone	I stayed here with my mum and sister for a theatre break weekend. The location of the hotel is perfect especially for people who don't know London very well as you can almost see the hotel as you exit the tube station. The room was lovely and the standard you'd expect from this type of hotel. The hotel was undergoing renovations whilst we were staying and the staff did their best to make sure we were happy and comfortable. The one exception was the barman. He was useless!!	
Aug 5 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed at this hotel with my wife for our Anniversity in the Suite. This is the best room/suite we have stayed in. The Suite was split over to floors with the living room downstairs and the bedroom on the 2nd floor. Bathroom was very clean and the water presure was great too. Staff are Excellent and the location of the hotel is excellent to. Also around the hotel there is free parking on Saturday after 1.30pm till Monday morning. One thing i would recommend the hotel management is to put up clocks in the room. The small digital clock on the ipod player is too small. I would recommend this hotel to friends and family, if you can afford to have it go for the suite (Room 111)	
Aug 5 2009 	Excellent Place To Stay	We stayed here for 4 nights with our 2 kids. One of a few hotels in London that allows 4 people to a room. The beds were so comfortable and the rooms were very clean. Wide screen LCD TV and a safe in the room were nice. Our room faced Cromwell Steet, which was quite noisy when the windows were opened but when we went to bed we just closed the windows and turned on the AC. Excellent location, we just took the train from Heathrow to Gloucester Road Station and the hotel is just across the street. The kids wanted to ride a double decker bus and the #74 bus stop just to the right of the hotel takes you right to central London. Supermarkets like Waitrose across the street and Sainsbury's just down the street makes it easy to pick up a late night snack for the kids. Ice had to be ordered from room service took awhile before it arrived so I found it just as convienent to just pick up a bag across the street when I was there. We used the free WiFi Internet offered by the hotel, speed was good but sometimes it took awhile before it would connect but other than that no complaints. There is a computer setup in the lobby for those who don't bring their own laptop. The shower glass on the tub looked nice but I thought it should have been 12&quot; longer so water didn't splash out so easy. All the staff were great especially the Concierge who greeted us everytime we walked by. One day it was raining and he asked us if we needed a couple of umbrellas to take with us. Awesome, would definitely stay here again next time we're in London.	
Aug 4 2009 	Nice Renovations Great Location	I had the opportunity to stay in three different rooms during my 3 week stay. Had to extend my stay a few times but my room was not available to keep. No problem though as the next room was ready and I didn't have to lug my bags all over the hotel. All of the rooms were newly appointed and very comforable. Room sizes are more &quot;Western&quot; than &quot;European&quot;.Shower felt a bit tight because of the glass partition instead of a shower curtain, but it was more a &quot;feel&quot;. I never bumped into anything....Free internet service was a plus as many hotels in London charge up to $30/day for wireless access. That can certainly add up over a few weeks.No ice machines on the floor but room service was more than happy to bring up a bucket. I'm not sure if that was a renovation or permanent thing. Front desk was always helpful, but seemed to push the upgrade to the executive floor a bit much for me. Almost like a telemarketer when you're saying &quot;no&quot;, but they keep on pitching until they're done.I didn't try the restaurant but did get room service a few times. OK, not great, but typical I guess (expensive and generally tasty).If I had a complaint, it would be the elevators. They were being replaced while I was there and the got stuck or were really slow for most of my stay. Would not have been as bad but the stairs were tough to get to the lobby. There was no single stair well that went all the way down. You had to switch on a floor and a few times I ended up going through the kitchen with a few other guests.Location was perfect if you take the tube. Gloucester road station was right across the street and there were plenty of restaurants within a 2 block radius. There was even a KFC and Burger King if those from the US got homesick. Also found a great eatery call Nando's down the street. Check it out and you won't be dissappointed.I had to come back to London in July and really wanted to stay here again, but the rate went up to over 200GBP. The Marriott down the road (review coming) offered 135GBP a night for over two weeks, so couldn't justify that difference. But if you can get a good rate, I would certainly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 3 2009 	Can't Go wrong...unless	We spent one night at this hotel, and I must say it is beautiful and in a great location, close to subway station. I would say that the bedding in this hotel was the most impressive I have ever seen. I dont know how they do it, but the sheets, and pillow cases were bright white, crisp, smelled great and were possibly the cleanest feeling sheets I have ever slept on. The comforter was also very clean and crisp. The bathroom, was large and clean.My only complaint of this hotel, is that you had to use room service for EVERYTHING.....want a bucket of ice? wait 40 minutes for room service to bring it to you!!.....There were no self serve ice or vending of any kind. I really began to feel that we were being forced to tip for every small convience... Granted this is a very very small complaint and should not stop anyone from staying at this great hotel. Nice looking bar in lobby, we didnt get to use, but looked like others were enjoying.Overall, I would say that you cant go wrong with this hotel.	
Aug 2 2009 	This hotel does not provide Platinum Priority Club members with their full benefits.	This is a very pleasant and conveniently located hotel. Unfortunately neither the Priority Club site nor the hotel warn you in advance that it is &quot;hotel policy&quot; not to give Platinum members access to the club lounge. It was also noticeable that, apart from the room key wallet and one item in the room, Priority Club isn't promoted at this hotel. This is the only time in many years as Priority Club members, that we have experienced this.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great Stay- convenient and comfortable hotel	We were very pleased with our stay. We arrived early ~12:30pm and they were very accomodating and allowed us to check in. We got a very nice room that was of decent size (standard from what I'm used to in Texas but large compared to the expectations set in the reviews of London hotels).The hotel has a perfect location right accross from the tube station serviced by the Picadilly line which goes directly to Heathrow. It also has a lot of nearby resteraunts. During the 2 days we stayed, we did tube one day and bus the next and both were very convenient. The breakfast was very good and with good service.The rooms were clean and comfortable and had recently been redone.The only issues were minor:1) The door to the hotel room did not close all the way when the maid left. I found if I pushed on it that it opened without a key. It was this way when I first got to the room and after the maid left the 2nd day. There is an inroom safe and I had left nothing valuable so this was not an issue but something to check.2) The 2nd lift is being replaced. This was not an issue as I only had to wait once and there are stairs that are convenient. This will be solved quickly and will make this the perfect hotel.Overall, I highly recommend this hotel and am a happy customer.	
Jul 30 2009 	The staff are as impressive as the location	We stayed at this Hotel a recommendation from our travelling friends during our European circuit ending in a 4 night stay at this hotel. The location is very convenient and recent renovations have given the Hotel a plush and pleasant ambience. Situated across the road from prime transportation hubs such as Gloucester Rd station and the Hop on Hop off bus make travel to and from very easy.We had the pleasure of staying in one of the 2 floor suites, very sumptuous indeed, as my wife was recovering from a broken ankle I could easily run downstairs when she saw how much I spent in Harrods. (Handy)Privileges associated with this room category includes the use of the Cub room for breakfast each morning, drinks / canapés at night and free internet ,fantastic ,the garden area is great for afternoon drinks and those naughty cigar smokers.All staff that displayed and personified an efficient friendly courteous manner from reception, concierge to all general service staff. We would also like to thank Michael, the General Manager who was an excellent host and drinking partner .We travelled with Debbie (a reviewer) and yes he did assist us on how to get to the Tower of London, all on his own time.We will return to London and will certainly stay at the Crowne Plaza/Holiday Inn Kensington.Thanks again.	
Jul 29 2009 	Lovely friendly hotel	We had a brilliant stay at the Crowne Plaza hotel in London. We stayed with children aged 7 and 10 for two nights in an American style double, double room with a stylish bathroom. The beds were extremely comfortable, just what was needed after a long days sightseeing. The kids did ask if they could buy the beds to take home.The Hotel was very clean and efficient with a cheerful friendly atmosphere. Breakfast was very nice and the service was excellent. Hotel was well situated close to the Gloucester Road tube station, Natural History museum, V &amp; A and the Science museum. Overall the hotel was perfect for our trip and would certainly recommend it to our friends with the firm belief that they would still be our friends when they return. I was delighted to meet Mr Lee Sylvester, the author of trip advisor hotel replies, as well as the guest services lift notice. He kept me entertained on the internet for an evening reading his comments. I have to say that the lift was cosy and we did get to know other guest intimately on the long journey up and down the building. (The hotel was busy at the start of school holidays) I understand that another lift is being installed. Almost a shame really! Thank you for a great stay.  (I hope I have punctuated this properly as I know someone who may be checking.)	
Jul 27 2009 	Excellent location pretty good overall (esp for the rate)	I had a pretty good stay at Crowne Plaza Kensington. The location is excellent. It is easy to catch a taxi from the front of the hotel, and also the tube station (served by Piccadilly and the line that also serves Paddington - Circle line, I think) is just a very, very short walk away, which makes it very convenient to get to/from Heathrow whether I catch the tube or Heathrow Express.The front desk staff was helpful and let me check in despite my rather early arrival (around 11:30 am from memory). The concierge, Raj, initially appeared to be potentially a little gruff but turned out to be a rather helpful, nice chap.I do not think I got an upgrade (I'm a Priority Club gold) as I was given a fairly small room, but it didn't really matter as I was only there as somewhere to sleep and was by myself. The room was small but of adequate size to repack my multiple suitcases with things spread all over everywhere, so it was not 'that' small either.The room was decorated in a fairly modern way, but without going too minimalistic. It was nice that there were halogen (?) downlights on the ceiling above the desk. It was good to have a room with a reasonable level of lighting (which cannot be said for many hotels).The bathroom was small but functional and pleasant enough. Lighting could be a bit brighter though (I like the bathroom to be very, very bright - but then that's not very environmentally friendly, I guess). The magnifying mirror was too high for my height, but I suppose it's a bit hard to please everyone. I quite liked the presentation of the bathroom toiletries - in a little can, although it threw me a bit initially. I also liked that the products were produced in the UK (well, Scotland).Also provision of a free bottle of water, a packet of KitKat and a packet of biscuits on a tea/coffee making tray was a rather nice touch, and so was the inclusion of hot chocolate on the tray (again, not all 4*/5* hotels provide hot chocolate sachets).The problem of a knock on the door at 8 am by housekeeing that was mentioned by someone here happened to me too, but then again, I should have put the Do No Disturb sign on the door, so mea culpa. Besides I was well and truly awake anyway, so luckily it did not cause me any inconvenience. Besides, the housekeeping lady was rather apologetic about having disturbed me (even though I didn't complain), so all was forgiven about the somewhat early morning knock on the door.I could not get my laptop to get on the allegedly free WiFi - the signal was too weak. It did not inconvenience me as I carry a USB dongle for mobile broadband, but if I was reliant on the hotel Internet, I may have found it annoying (the in-room information said WiFi was free but the cable connection provided in the room was not).I also couldn't find a room service menu. I wasn't hungry so I was not going to order it, but I was looking for it out of curiosity. I did not contact anyone to ask about it because there was no point in troubling anyone for something I was not going to really use, but placing it somewhere more prominent would be a good idea, if the management is reading this.Just for the information of other travellers who may fancy getting some 'random food' (crisps etc), there is a late-night Tesco Express nearby, as well as Waitrose across the road, which makes the hotel even more convenient. (To non-UK travellers - they are supermarkets.)Overall, I was happy with my stay, especially considering I only paid just over £100 for the room.	
Jul 27 2009 	Nice hotel but too many mistakes	As previous writer we were woken up at eight by an eager cleaning lady but let me tell you, that wasn’t near the worst part of our stay. When checking in I couldn’t use my corporate visa card cause it didn’t have a PIN. I’ve used that card at fifty other hotels but never mind.. The explanation was that it might be stolen. The card had my name on it, I had my passport, my EU drivers license but sure…stolen. So after transferring money between accounts they reserve 550 pounds from my private VISA. Anyhow, they give us our keys; we wait for the one working elevator for a couple of minutes, enter the room and oh; people already staying in that room, big surprise! After 30 min we get another room, this time unoccupied. I went down to talk to the duty manager who wasn’t there, they called for him but after 20 min and no one showing up we decided to hit the city, couldn’t be bothered. When checking out, they charge me 400 pounds for our two nights. They also kept the 550 they reserved for another ten days, something that wouldn’t have been a problem if it wasn’t for the fact that I had to use my private VISA cause they wouldn’t let me use my corporate card. Apart from all this the hotel is nice, clean, breakfast OK and the location is superb if you like to stay in west London. Also excuse my English, not my native language.	
Jul 21 2009 	Thank you for our wonderful stay!	I have just returned from our European adventure which ended with a 4 night stay at this hotel. I have stayed here before, returned for the convenience and was delighted with the sensational renovations. The hotel is situated right across the road from Gloucester Rd station so it is incredibly easy to get to and from the airport with no fuss and a simple ride away from all the London sites. We were upgraded to the lovely 2 floor suites and had so much room we didn't know what to do with ourselves. Fantastic! I read previous reviews about the towels - yes, they are thick, warm and cuddly!! :) We were able to use the club room where we had our breakfast each morning (delicious) and it was a bonus to be able to use the free internet facilities while we were there. We also made sure we made it back each day for the free canapes and drinks. A great way to relax after spending a heavy shopping day at Harrods (my husband drowned his sorrows!). The weather on our last day was so pleasant we also used the garden area for afternoon drinks. All staff that we came in contact with were efficient (without being efficious), friendly and professional. From the lovely Polish girl at reception to the beautiful Australian Sarah who served our drinks in the club room - thank you. An extra thank you to Michael who was a wonderful host and not only told us how to get to the Tower of London - he travelled on the underground with us. We can't wait to go back to London and will definitely return to the Crowne Plaza/Holiday Inn Kensington.	
Jul 14 2009 	Wonderful Stay	Had a wonderful two night stat at Crown Plaza Kensington in late June/09. I was originally at the Holiday Inn Kensington Forum across the street but had to move over for two nights to the Crown Plaza as the Forum was sold out. My stay was on rewards points but I was able to check-in early without hassle (about 11:30 am) and was given a room upgrade as Gold member of the Priority Club program, and what an upgrade it was. I was given a 2 floor, 2 bathroom, 2 flat screen tv room. All for one person. As a member of Priority Club (currently Gold and previously Platinum), this is the first upgrade I have ever had with a HI hotel, which was greatly appreciated. Spectacular newly renovated room (better than the W Times Square in New York). Best bath towels I have ever had in a hotel. My only complaint, no clock in the room.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great location and value for money	We were really pleased with the Crowne Plaza London Kensington Hotel in London. I searched for so long to find a hotel that would accommodate a family of 4 in 1 room that didn't cost a fortune. It was very reasonably priced through Expedia. The hotel is located directly across the street from the Gloucester Rd. Tube station which was extremely convenient. Our best &quot;find&quot; was an Indian food restaurant located just around the corner at 18 Gloucester Rd. named Memories of India. It is run by Mr. Pradip Choudhury and he and his staff were so helpful in suggesting and preparing food for our children's first Indian food experience. The food was fabulous, the staff was extremely friendly and we ended out eating there 3 out of the 4 nights we were in London. I would highly recommend Memories of India to anyone staying in the Kensington area.	
Jul 10 2009 	Good hotel	Travelling with two kids, got a standard room with two king beds. A big room with enough space for four people and a nice bathroom. It is also located in a nice area and the tube stop is very close.	
Jul 10 2009 	Clean and a great base	We stayed here as we knew it would be a clean base and we were right. Staff were very friendly and the breakfast was fine too. We stayed in a B&amp;B and that was lovely, this was more hotel and we would recommend it as it wasn't over priced and was American friendly.A great place to stay if shopping and going to museums and visiting the theatre. And go to the Sherlock Holmes museum too and Harrods.	
Jul 8 2009 	The Best Around	The hotel is so easy to get to, I was travelling down to Kings Cross on NXEC and the hotel is just 20 minutes away on the tube. It would have been just as easy to get to if I'd been coming from Heathrow.Check-in no probs, very impressive hotel with a feeling of newness about it. It was a sunny weekend and the hotel has a nice garden where you can enjoy a few beers and forget that you're actually in the city centre. Very good service from the Swedish barman and his colleague.It's easy to reach most of London from here. South Ken museums are walking distance, there's so many bars and restaurants nearby that you could stay a month here and not get bored.Room: decent size (but I've had bigger), very comfortable bed, nice selection of quality shampoos and shower gels, big TV with decent channel selection. Only bad thing in the room was the bath robe was a bit flimsy and looked a bit out of place hanging there in the otherwise perfect bathroom!Breakfast was included in my rate. Very nice, although if it hadn't been included I'd have eaten out for breakfast, not just to save money but because there was so much choice around this area.The gym was a nice place for a quick workout, most bits of equipment had their own personal TV's so you could watch what you wanted while working out.Bad points: Nothing really, it's probably a bit too expensive if you're on a budget, but if you can it's worth stretching the pennies to stay here as you can't fault any of it. Easy to get to whether you arrive by train or plane, close to the sights, good staff, comfortable beds and a feeling that this place should really be rated five stars.	
Jul 8 2009 	Nice and Newly Renovated	we stayed there for 2 nights in April, really nice renovated rooms facing the backyard. In the room it was too king size beds, One desk with a waterboiler and a good choice of coffee and tea. Only to Bathropes although we where 3 persons. Its not to far away from the main shooping streets in Oxford. But with child i will recommend to take underground from the station right outside. I talked with one of the porterguys for some recommens for a good Thai restaurant, He recommended 2 places, One towards the pembroke rd. and the other one nearby Harrods shoopingsenter. the only thing was that he write down a adress that didnt exist. Quite disappointing. But we found a nice Sushi restaurant. That we liked very much. No hard feelings to the young guy.	
Jul 7 2009 	Good location pleasant staff. Lovely Hotel.	Stayed here for 3 nights with two children age 6 and 3. Hotel is really convienent. Hop on hop off bus stop just two mins walk away, as is tube stop.Staff were really nice, in particular the concierge who was really professional and couldn't have been more helpful.Rooms were spacious. Even our family room with two double beds had plenty of space. Although we did have a room adjoining and could hear ever conversation they had...in particular at 7am!Breakfast was fine, only complaint was the tea which had been brewed about an hour earlier. Would have been nice to have a fresh cuppa.Hotel is clean and modern, still a few refurbishments...like the lift ongoing. Just hope that price doesn't go up when these are completed.Also there is a boots and waitrose across the road which is convienent if you've forgotten something. Also, nice family friendly restuarant called ASK across the road. Which is handy after a day out sightseeing.Really enjoyed our time here. Lovely hotel, nice staff. Would definitely recommend.	
Jul 7 2009 	Loved the Crowne Plaza 100 Cronmwell	We just spent 7 nights at the Crowne Plaza. We loved the hotel and its GREAT LOCATION to the tube station. There are a number of good restuarants in the area also. The conciege was always there to help. It was nice to have a computer in the lobby available for our use. We loved London.	
Jul 1 2009 	Pleasant Surprise	Thinking we were booking a room at a Holiday Inn, we were pleasantly surprised to find that 5 months later the hotel had been remodeled and become a Crowne Plaza. We chose the hotel partly for its location close to the Gloucester Rd. Tube station which turned out to be ironic as there was a two day tube strike. No problem as we were able to walk to museums, stores, and to Hyde Park within 5 minutes. The rooms were spacious, the staff courteous and very helpful, even with technology in helping me with my new iPhone. Our room was at the back of the hotel - facing the garden and a definite plus that we asked for as the front of the hotel is on a busy street. The rooms were spotless and the bathroom ample with nice toiletries and good towels. Once the tube strike was over we were able to use the underground quite easily to reach other areas of London and were quite content to get back to our quiet room in the middle of a noisy city.	
Jul 1 2009 	Lovely stay at Crowne Plaza Kensington	I echo the recent positive comments since the hotel has (nearly, as soon as the second elevator opens) completed its extensive renovations. We had a pleasant dining experience at two nearby Italian restaurants a short walk north on Gloucester: DaMario is one, and the second restaurant (forget the name) is just a short distance beyond.	
Jun 26 2009 	Just amazing!	This hotel, as other reviews have stated, is a real gem. Great location, lots of shops nearby, Tube around the corner. The room was large even by North American standards. Everything is new and shiny. My room had two showers!! Slippers and robes were a welcome touch as was the welcoming fruit basket. I also got the breakfast included deal. The breakfast was consistently good every day. I really appreciated breakfast starting at 6:30 AM. London hotels are pricey, but I really felt that this hotel gave me my money's worth! Oh yes, Wifi was FREE!	
Jun 24 2009 	Great hotel with great service!!!	Just came back from a wonderful trip to London June 17-21. It's my husband, myself, our daughter age 14 and son age 12. Check in was quick and we upgraded to the club level. The club level was entrance to the club with american breakfast - eggs cooked the way we liked it, bacon, hash browns, and more. Also had breads, cheeses, fruits and drinks. Soft drinks and bottle water all day and snacks between, I think, 6-8 pm. All this for 50 pounds extra a day. Well worth it for us. The young lady that worked in there ( I wish I can remember her name-starts with an A) was very gracious and made sure we had everything we wanted. The staff in Concierge was very helpful. Everyone was very nice. Great hotel that is by a tube station. Self service laundry is close by. The concierge told me where it was and even called them to find out when it closes. The room was very modern and comfortable for the four of us. The shower has really good water pressure. Loved the hair dryer in room. Has an ipod docking clock. Daughter loved that. Has only one working elevator but that will change. Saw what the new one was like and looks very cool and modern. Will stay here again!!!!	
Jun 24 2009 	Nice place to stay in London	This hotel has recently undergone a remodeling, and the rooms and bathrooms are very stylish and comfortable (with high-thread-count sheets, fluffy pillows, and sleek modern bathrooms). (As others have noted, one elevator was still being fixed during our stay, so elevator service was extremely slow, and we ended up taking the stairs several times.) However, our room (with two double beds) was extremely small. In fact, it was so small that there was no room for a chair in front of the desk, and one was required to sit on the bed to use one's computer at the desk. That said, the hotel is very centrally located, right across the street from the Gloucester Tube stop, and within walking distance of Kensington Gardens and many excellent restaurants. My daily morning run in Kensington Gardens was a real treat. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, especially Fabrizio. Breakfast buffet was good. Would recommend this hotel for a good business or leisure stay.	
Jun 7 2009 	A jewel in the crowne!	Great little hotel with a secret garden, fantastic gym, exclusive club lounge and a sexy cocktail list with genuinely friendly staff. We were sold a club upgrade on arrival and well worth the £50.00 supplement. It gave complimenatry English breakfast (for 2), free computer access, mags and rags with drinks between 6 &amp; 8.The room had a great king size bed, sumptious bed linen decorated in a modern contemporary style. Loved thye toiletries too!Sadly it was just an overnight but I will be back for longer. A great little gem!	
Jun 4 2009 	Great hotel  nice rooms good location and helpful staff.	We had a great stay at this hotel, we are a family of 4 and stayed in a family room,with a cot provided by the hotel. There was plenty of room for us all.The Decor was modern and everything was brand new due to the recent up grade to CP.We lost a bag as the airport and the staff at the hotel were very helpful and called BA for us several times. I would recomend this hotel to anyone visiting london especially if the wish to visit the nearby museums.	
Jun 3 2009 	Nice renovation shame about the service!	I have been staying at this hotel many times over the last few years due to my company being busy with the constructuion work on the London 2012 Olympics. Until a few months ago it was a slightly tired Holiday Inn, however I could always rely on good friendly service, reasonable room rates and an almost guaranteed upgrade as a Priority Club Platinum member. The renovation and rebranding to Crowne Plaza is now almost complete and indeed the rooms and the public areas look great, however the personal touch has almost dissappeared. Ok, I had a nice personal welcome card from the manager, but no upgrade any more... Also in the morning I discovered there were no toiletries in the room, I had to cal reception 3 times and wait 25 minutes before I got some soap and shampoo. Breakfast was included in my roomrate, it was a very assorted selection, however I think the cooked English breakfast had been sitting there for 1 hour, the fried eggs were like rubber! - all hotels should learn that t is better to cook them to order.Apart from the minor problems though I have to say this is a very good hotel, I will stay there again as long as the prices do not rocket to unreasonable levels that are suggested by the rack rates advertised at reception.	
Jun 2 2009 	Nice refurb	This hotel has recently been refurbished and has a quality feel about it. The rooms and bathrooms are modern and comfortable. The only negative is there was only one lift due to one being replaced and a sign said the lifts were being replaced so I guess this is the final piece.	
May 26 2009	Great location and very nice rooms	We stayed at this hotel twice in February (we stayed 4 days, went to Paris for 4 days, and came back here for another 4 days). We will definitely stay here again, but there were some problems. However, almost all the problems were either a result of the current renovation or will be fixed by the renovations, so I have no qualms about recommending this hotel.The rooms are pretty spacious, at least compared to the other European hotels I stayed in. They are decorated nicely, have comfortable beds, a new, modern bathroom, and a flat screen tv. If possible, request a room with a view of the garden rather than the street because those rooms seem to be bigger. Also, if you get placed on the top floor (the sixth, I believe) request a change. There's no view because some stone work blocks the window and it's unbearably hot (they had problems with the heater when we were there the second time, but the top floor was most affected -- heat rises). When we were there, the garden was being used to store debris from the remodel but this wasn't an issue since it was winter and no one would want to use the garden that time of year anyway.The service was very good. The desk-staff weren't particularly friendly, but they were very polite and helpful. When we complained about the heat, they opened our window for us and even brought in a fan. The bellmen were also very helpful. The Italian concierge was especially nice, and kept me company while I waited for my family to come down in the extremely slow elevator (the elevator was a MAJOR issue during our stay, but it is definitely being replaced so future guests shouldn't find this an issue for them.)We didn't eat at the restaurant, but it seemed good as it was PACKED. They even moved some tables into the lobby (the lobby and restaurant being separated by a partial glass partition.) As for location, it is right next to the tube, there are several internet cafes, lots of restaurants (go to Nando's -- inexpensive, tasty, and very good-looking waitstaff), walking-distance to museums (take kids to the Natural history Museum, not the V&amp;A Museum so as to spare them from boredom) and shopping (Harrods is close but really nothing special). If you're really up for a walk, you can make it to Hyde Park. If not, then take the tube. Take the Westminster line to get to all the sight-seeing hot spots along the Thames and the Piccadilly line to get more into the city center (where you can either shop or do &quot;royal stuff.&quot;)We will stay here again for sure and I recommend it to everyone.	
May 26 2009 	Excellent Choice	If you are looking for somewhere to stay in London this hotel is a real find. The rooms are to a very good standard, the staff are friendly, the location is great for the museums and just across from the tube station, and the price is excellent. We stayed here for two nights with our two children (age 10+11) to see the sights of London. We picked the hotel based upon the location and the feedback on Tripadvisor. In every aspect the hotel exceeded our expectations. Despite arriving early the room was ready for us. All of the staff we encountered during our stay were really welcoming and friendly and greeted us with a smile. The room was very clean and finished to a high standard. Tea/Coffee and even free water was provided (recently stayed in a £250 a night hotel, where we didn't even get this). We didn't have dinner at the hotel but saw they had some great early bird offers (£15 for 3 courses), but did enjoy breakfast. We would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone. The quality is great and the staff very friendly. If we go back to London we would definitely stay here again.	
May 24 2009	Amazing change	Stayed here one night as I had friends in town – I remember this place as the old Holiday Inn (it still is a Holiday Inn at the moment but is soon to be a Crown Plaza) – big change from what it used to be. Had a really nice two-floor suite with lots of room, and everything is brand new. People on here have said before that the beds are very comfortable, with this I agree. Great nights sleep. Bathroom had a walk-in shower and a heated floor which was lovely, nice big toiletries too. Staff all very friendly and smart. Lobby seems a bit empty but I was told that new furniture was arriving very soon. There’s a little bit of building work going on, but not so much you would notice it – the nice gentleman behind reception said it was almost finished. Got a good rate too, the same person told me that they were keeping the Holiday Inn rate until they had finished the building work, which is a bargain that made up for the few builders around the place and getting a nice Crown Plaza standard hotel for this price is a great deal that sadly won’t last. Bar is very modern and comfy, and breakfast was buffet style with plenty of choice (who needs lunch after eating all that!). A really nice hotel that I would use again and highly recommend.	
May 20 2009 	Fantastic hotel gorgeous staff and a wonderful warm welcome	The newly refurbished hotel has excellent staff and a great feel to it. Due to the location of the hotel (Kensington area) is a fantastic hotel to book if you are coming to London. As we were in a club room (which was wonderful) we experienced the full English breakfast in the club lounge. The breakfast was delicious! The staff in the hotel are ever so friendly and always willing to help or offer suggestions for dinner and transport.We had a wonderful time!! And will return to hotel in the future!!	
May 18 2009 	excellent service excellent staff excellent hotel...	On arrival we where helped by even the manager. The service was excellent. In the morning there was a news papar on the door. (club member) The bed in the room was incredeble big and from excellent quality. On arrival there was a bottle of fine wine in the room (not standerd). Breakfest is excellent and complete. Due to some improvements (How could it be better) we had a electrical failure during breakfest, the lights went out, but it was fixed in minutes.The tube is less than two minutes away. The tube is also going to heatrow airport. The restaurant in the hotel is fine, but if you want to have something else, there are lots of restaurants on walking distance. I would recomand this hotel to all my friends who wanted to stay in London.	
May 13 2009 	Great Holiday Inn	This simple and elegant hotel in Central London. This time we were 2 Couple. Simple yet elegant breakfast room, comfortable and stylish living room with nice collection of travel books and magazines available. Rooms and bath rooms are very comfortable and quiet. Very comfortable and high quality beds, linen and towels. Excellent breakfast. Kind service. Not the cheapest option, but realiable quality and excellent spot for reasonable price!	
May 7 2009	Excellent hotel	Just returned from an overnight stay at this hotel.Very impressed with large room and convenient location. After reading reviews I requested a garden view and this was allocated.Arrived at 10am after an early flight and expected to leave our bags and come back to check in later but we were given our room straight away giving us the chance to settle in. All staff were friendly and helpful, only reccomendation would be to put do not disturb sign out as housekeeping were at the door from 8am but cannot complain about this after the early check in we got.	
May 6 2009 	Excellent hotel excellent friendly staff a total must stay in London	My husband and I turned up at the Crowne Plaza Kensington after being let down by another hotel we had booked and the Manager and his assistant were very understanding and helpful. We paid for two nights on our Priority Club Points and one night by Mastercard and were given a Club Room for the whole stay, although the points did not cover that. The room was excellent, underfloor heating in the bathroom, a queen size, very comfortable bed, safe, plazma TV, french door windows, leather chair, the works. The only thing I would say is that the air con wasn;t as cold as I would have liked and luckily we were on the 4th floor and could open the french door windows safely overnight. The breakfasts, although a little pricey at 17.50 per person, were excellent and well exceeded the Forums breakasts and service. This hotel is well worth the money and we will definitely be recommending it to everyone we know and will definitely be using it again. I have never been at a hotel ever where the staff are so freindly and helpful. It's a pity I can't remember their names, obviously they take pride in their jobs.	
Apr 24 2009 	Nice comfortable hotel in a convenient location	I spent three nights at this hotel recently on a business trip to Imperial College. The hotel is very conveniently located in terms of restaurants, tube, and sightseeing. Te area itself is pretty nice (particularly as one heads north towards Hyde park). The room was quite spacious, clean, and nicely furnished. The staff was very friendly andcourteous, both at the front desk and the StreetSide restaurant where I had dinner one night. The food itself was so-so though as is typical of hotel restaurants. The hotelwas still undergoing some renovations as part of its transition to Crowne Plaza and so there was a lingering smell of fresh paint on my floor (1st floor).My biggest complaint was the frustratingly awful internet connection: the ethernet port on the wall didn't appear to be functional, while the wireless network (CPK_Service) was very unreliable with signal strength varying quite frequently from great signal to no signal. It'd also take many minutes to get an IP address, and often it seemed that the DNS server was not responding properly and even well known web sites such as google, gmail etc. were getting redirected to banner pages. On the other hand, the wireless network was free... so I imagine I shouldn't complaint too much. But I'd have happily paid for a more reliable connection.	
Apr 21 2009 	lovely little gem	Loved this hotel and put it on my favourites alongside the Crowne Plaza in Liverpool.Room was outstanding and the barmen was great, sitting outside having a meal and a drink in the hidden garden, in the centre of London was fabulous, would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a great hotel to stay in.Very close to Gloucester road tube for Heathrow.i have stayed in many London hotels and this is near the top of the pecking order for me.I do not normally give such a high rating in my reviews, but this was 100% for me	
Apr 19 2009 	Great hotel for families	Booked a double-double on the executive floor for two adults, two children (3rd floor). Room was modern and up to date with small bay window overlooking Cromwell Rd. No noise from street. Kids loved the &quot;fab&quot; up to date look. Parents loved the location and space. Very comfortable. Service was great from bringing us ice to loaning umbrellas. 1st and 2nd floor renovations currently being completed.	
Apr 16 2009 	Don't waste your money	I purchased a single night stay at this hotel in order to spend an additional night in London after purchasing a trip through British Airways. My scheduled hotel was across the street at the Holiday Inn Kensington Forum. Unfortunately, the Forum was booked, and I had to stay here. Upon arrival, I found that the hotel was undergoing a new paint job, and the front door was being blocked by the painters. There was no clearly marked entrance into the hotel, and I had to inquire to the painters as to where the entrance was located. Upon finding the temporary entrance, which led into the bar/lounge area, I found that door to be too narrow to allow luggage to easily be taken through. Whats worse, no hotel staff was there to assist us in getting in through theses doors. Upon arrival, I found the entire lobby and bar area to be awash in the smell of latex paint. Almost nauseating. Check-in was easy enough, and we found the room to be acceptable. It was clean, neat, and quaint. It consisted of no real view, aside from that of another building, but I wasn't staying in this hotel for a view from a window, so it didn't bother me. The only real problem I found was that the volume on the television was not adjustable, which was an annoyance. Upon getting settled into the room and going out for the day, we returned to find that the elevator/lift was out of service. This required us to walk up 6 floors to our room. Upon checking out the next day, we found that the elevator/lift was still out of service, and we requested a bell hop to carry our luggage down. We received no apologies from the hotel staff for the inconvenience, and we checked out without any further issues. I recommend that staying at the Holiday Inn Kensington Forum across the street would provide a better experience for less money, and hassle!	
Apr 15 2009 	Good hotel nice sized room comfortable - book it before it goes way up in price!	I thought finding a hotel for two adults and two children would be pretty easy in London. I had a reasonable budget in mind and a couple of locations to choose from. The problem was finding a decent hotel that would sleep four people in a room. I found hotels with rooms with two single beds, or one double. Or one double bed with a sleeper sofa. Ugh! So, I went to the tried-and-true Holiday Inn. Sure enough, a room with two double beds. The price was not cheap but was comparable to a Holiday Inn in a big city like New York.I agree with everyone that the hotel is in a good location. The tube station is literally across the street and even a pick up point for the red tour buses. There are plenty of restaurants and take-aways in the neighborhood so you don't have to eat in the hotel restaurant. The major museums are within walking distance.Most of the renovation seemed to be completed. I was pleasantly surprised with the rooms. I knew they would be nice since they were renovated but they had plenty of room. Our room had a bay window which was a small sitting area. Having that space made the room feel more, well, roomy. It is still a small room but it wasn't as cramped as most hotel rooms in large cities.So if you are traveling with three other people, consider staying at this hotel. But do it quick. I have a feeling when the hotel upgrades the rooms will be even more expensive. I am glad I stayed when I did.	
Apr 12 2009 	A plesant surprise from Holiday Inn (to be rebranded as Crowne Plaza)	We stayed in Holiday Inn South Kensington twice in the last week. We booked a B&amp;B package on both occasions and were not disappointed at all. In fact, we were pleasantly surprised by the good levels of service, in particular the simply, but nicely decorated duplex we were upgraded to in our second stay. We would particularly like to commend one of the restaurant staff whose name we have forgotten, but who is easily recognisable by her curly and tied-up hair. She was helpful and very friendly with her morning greetings. She made a great start to the day! We will definitely come back during summer for the Crowne Plaza experience.	
Apr 2 2009 	Can't beat the location!	We stayed here for 4 nights in the middle of March. Although our initial impression was not very good due to a rather unfriendly clerk at check in, we soon realized that we'd made a good choice. The room was quite spacious and had plenty of room for our three adults and all our luggage. The bathroom was modern and had wonderful soaps and lotions. We were happy to find a magnifying mirror attached near the sink, but were disappointed to realize that it was mounted too high and without an extender to be of any use. While we were there, there was quite a bit of construction going on with the elevators and the lobby. It seemed like the workers worked right through the night, because each morning we'd find something else new had been installed. Although there are plenty of dining options closeby, we regretted not getting the breakfast option when we booked online. The breakfast looked delicious and would have saved us time in the morning. We could have added it to our bill at check in, but the cost to do it at the hotel was much higher than the online cost. The location is perfect. It's right across from a tube station and is also close to a pick up/drop off spot for many of the tour bus companies. We were very impressed with the concierge (Raj?). He was very friendly and gave us a quick tour of the renovations on the day of our check out.	
Mar 31 2009 	Fabulous!	So we arrived at the Holiday Inn Kensington, March 18th, 2009. I was slightly put off by the renovation but quickly got over it seeing how great it looked inside. We couldn't check into our rooms until 2:00 pm so the staff stowed our luggage into a locked room. 2:00 rolled around and we were exhausted from our flight so we finally got into our room and it was small but for two people it was fine. Very comfy. The bathroom is a great size, shower is beautiful and the water pressure fantastic. Don't see the point of that stupid magnifying mirror in the corner though since I'm too short to even reach it. The bed is so comfortable that we almost had trouble falling asleep. The down comforter is great and the pillows are so squishy you just want to sleep all day. There's also a nice flat screen TV in the wall hanging above the table thing that stores the (well stocked) mini refrigerator. There's a great hair dryer in one of the drawers in the desk as well. The only problems I had with the room is that there are no clocks and no dressers to store clothes. However there is a safe and a small closet but not enough room if your there for more than a week and have a bunch of clothes. Now the staff was super attentive and helpful! Every day we would go see the manager and he would help us plan a tour, book a show, or put us in the right direction for the attractions we wanted to visit. Extremely helpful and super duper nice. The restaurant is okay, good food but way too expensive and we only went there for breakfast! A few days went by and the manager asked how our room was and we said it was good but our sleep wasn't great because we could hear the traffic. Right then he immediately switched our room to a garden view suite with a king sized bed. Absolutely fantastic. So nice of them to consider and we definitely had a good sleep after that (and the room was bigger!). We cannot wait to go back to London and stay at the Holiday Inn Kensington again. Such a great upscale, classy hotel! And for a Holiday Inn I was super surprised. Thank you to the staff for making our stay in London so enjoyable!	
Mar 24 2009 	Great location	Stayed here using Priority Club points for my boyfriends birthday in January.Very nice decor. Room not the biggest but very nicely furnished, and we were not in it for long as we were going to the theatre and for a meal.Didn't eat or drink here, but used the bellboy for luggage storage which was very efficient.	
Mar 23 2009	Great Hotel Great Location...just great!!!!!	I recently stayed at this hotel for 4 nights with a rather large group of students. The hotel is undergoing an amazing renovation to become the Crowne Plaza. The staff was extremely accommodating and helping with arranging anthing we needed--from additional room amenities to tickets to events in town. I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay and a nice, clean, ROOMY spot centrally located in London's Kensington bourough.	
Mar 23 2009	Fairly standard	Stayed in this hotel for two nights in March, work was ongoing on the entrance, lifts and stairs at the time. We were asked to authorise full payment plus an additional £50 per night when checking in, which is something I find very annoying. We thad to use the stairs to access our room as work was ongoing in front of and to the lift system. The stairwell definitely needs some work with paper peeling from the walls. I had enquired about wireless broadband prior to booking and was told it was available free of charge in the rooms but when we stayed it did not work although we did get a cable from the concierge. There is very limited storage in the room and only basic supplies for tea and coffe making, towels etc are provided. Overall the rooms are fine but small and basic and I wouldn't like to be staying for more than 2 nights.	
Mar 19 2009 	Wonderful staff + Perfect room	I just returned from staying at Holiday Inn Kensington and can't say enough good things about it. The staff was so helpful in assisting our every need. We had no money when we arrived due to our debit card being frozen from suspicious activity, and the bellman took our bags to our room with a smile, knowing we couldn't tip him. The concierge assisted my husband in making international calls to clear up the debit card problem. As the teenagers and I waited in the room for the money issues to be taken care of the assistant manager sent up fresh fruit and bottled water via room service, no charge to us. It was a wonderful treat in the middle of a difficult time. As for the hotel itself, we stayed in a recently renovated room that was perfect for our family of four (hard to find in London.) The towels were some of the thickest I've found in any hotel in the states. The bathroom was good sized. The location of the hotel is very near a tube station, allowing us to tour London easily. It is also adjacent to a grocery store where we bought breakfast items at night and had them in our room the next morning. I have stayed in many luxury hotels in the states, and I've never had an easier, more pleasant stay than I had at Holiday Inn Kensington.	
Mar 16 2009 	Nice hotel friendly staff	Stayed at this hotel for four nights March 7-11, 2009. The hotel is undergoing renovations so there was some inconvenience with the lift being out of service for part of our stay. Upside was that we were in a renovated room that was very comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful. Breakfast was good but pricey. Will definitely go back.	
Mar 14 2009 	Excellent value for money and a terrific hotel!	Booked this hotel for 5 nights in March 09 for 3 adults and received one of the already refurbished rooms on the sixth floor. The room was excellent and far better then we had learned to expect and hope for from our previous visits to London as hotels in London tend to be... less then pleasant to put it delicately....The room was large and decorated very much to our liking, it had 2 huge double beds - very comfortable too, the bathroom was good in size and looked great as well, wouldnt mind to have one like it in my home.The staff was very professional, helpful and welcoming, they even provided me an adapter for the electric socket which i had forgot to bring from home, what else could you ask for?The breakfest was excellent and is highly recommended as well.The Location is also great - 2 min walk from &quot;Glocester road&quot; tube station which means you have to take only one train to almost anywhere in the city.So would we recommend this hotel to a friend? We already did, are friends are coming to visit London next month and are definetly going to stay in this hotel.My only hope is that after the renovations are completed, prices wouldnt be much higher so we could enjoy staying here in our next visit to London as well.	
Mar 13 2009 	A largely unremarkable stay	After an indifferent check-in (rather off-hand, no mention of newspaper or wake-up call) I went to my room on the third floor (executive floor) - presumably as a Priority Platinum member free upgrade, but no-one mentioned this. Newly refurbished room was very pleasant and comfortable, unfortunately the neighbouring 'executives' were excited American children but they settled down before too long. The plate of fruit was a nice touch, but the impression was ruined by the discarded stalks of grapes left by a previous guest! (must add the room was otherwise clean and well prepared)The location is on the busy Cromwell road but I had asked and was allocated a room at the rear of the hotel - no external noise at all so very impressive for a bustling location. The hotel is well located - just over the road from Gloucester Road tube (District &amp; Circle) and there are many places nearby to eat, drink and shop.Good value for London at £99 room only excluding VAT	
Mar 10 2009 	great hotel and location	I stayed here last weekend with two friends for two nights on a girlie sightseeing weekend (we're all aged 26). The three of us shared a good-sized room with breakfast for around £105 a night in total, I thought this was a bargain for such a lovely modern hotel and would definitely pay more to stay again once the refurb is complete.Our room had two double beds so two of us shared comfortably, they were VERY comfortable in fact and just what our poor feet needed after a hard day's sightseeing! Had a shiny bathroom too with some nice touches such as flannels and gorgeous arran aromatics smellies. (Tip, we didn't get a shower cap though so you may want to pack your own!) Room was very clean, you could even smell new carpet smell. I was impressed by the hairdryer too, a proper one and much better than you usually get in hotels.Our room (226) was at the back of the hotel overlooking the garden and a church so we didn't have any problems with noise. Breakfast was really good, a selection of cereals and pastries, cold meats, cheese, fruit and fish and a cooked breakfast, which I was pleased to see was tended to well and the dishes were replaced often, rather than being left to stand for a long time.I've previously stayed at the Radisson hotel across the road for work but am definitely pushing for this one in future! It's quite a safe location for a female traveller on her own as it's a busy main road directly opposite the tube. Also lots of handy shops such as a 24 hour Tesco, Boots, Waitrose, Starbucks etc. The only downsides to our stay was the fire alarm going off at 1am on our first night, we were some of the guests in dressing gowns mentioned by another reviewer! We found standing outside in our PJs and being beeped at by passing motorists quite amusing but see it was more of an issue for the families with young children. Or if it had've rained. No complaints though as we knew it was being refurbished and these things happen when builders are in - was sorted quite quickly and was pleased to see the fire brigade had attended so it was treated seriously rather than just being put down to the buildng works. The only other thing was lift was a little bit wobbly too but I think it's being replaced.All in all a great base for our trip and I'll definitely be back!	
Mar 10 2009	Will be lovely once finished.....	A group of us girls stayed here for a hen weekend. Just so people don't get scared off, we were a very well behaved hen! This is not a 'pink hats and L plates' kind of hotel anyway and we definitely weren't that kind of group either! Despite the renovations going on at the hotel (it's being upgraded to a Crowne Plaza), everything went pretty smoothly with our stay I think. Granted, we arrived late from the airport on the day of our arrival and were very stuck for time when checking in, as we were hitting a show, and the girl on reception didn't seem to appreciate this when there were a few hiccups with check-in! She seemed to get more flustered and slower the more it was impressed upon her that we didn't have time to waste! Anyways we got checked in evenutally and, you'll be glad to know, we made it to the show with one whole minute to spare!The hotel itself is quite nice (the bits of it that have been renovated) and it will be very nice when all works are completed. The rooms are bright and modern, bathrooms are a very good size and I was very pleased to see a bath in there! We had two double beds for two of us and I have to say, they could quite possibly be the most comfortable beds I have ever slept it, hotel or not! Nice flat screeen TV in room that had a tendancy to turn itself on and off of its own accord! Think it might be picking up the remote signal from the adjoining room next door? It might be something that the management should look into. it didn't bother us but I can imagine it might do some people! Also, there's been a great job done on sound proofing here as our room faced out onto Cromwell Road and there was little to no traffic noise that we could detect. Gold star for the architect/s! You'd be surprised how many hotels neglect sound proofing! Never underestimate how much people appreciate peace and quiet! The dining area is quite a nice space and breakfast on both mornings was very pleasant. All hot and cold food was constantly replenished and there was an endless supply of tea, coffee and toast. You could opt for the healthy option of cereals and fruits or go with the big greasy fry-up or have both if you fancied it! A great way to set yourself up for the day so I would recommend getting it included in the rate if you're a breakfast person. There is a Tesco and Waitrose within spitting distance though so you will not be short on options if you don't go for the hotel breakfast. Staff were quite nice. I wouldn't say overly friendly by any means now. I think they might all have been a bit wary of irate guests, what with all the renovations going on. I can imagine there would be a lot of people that would have issue with things like drilling, crazy lifts etc. Again, it didn't bother us in the slightest. Also, there was a fire alarm on the Friday night of our stay. We had only just arrived back at the hotel so standing out in the back garden (which, I should mention, is a lovely area and will be smashing to sit in in the summer and have a drink!) wasn't an issue for us, as we were all well wrapped up (and had had a couple of drinks!) to shield us against the elements but the people in bathrobes, especially those with grumpy and agitated children, didn't look best pleased! It was dealt with relatively quickly, when I say relatively though, it was the best part of an hour I think. I stand open to correction but I think it was about that. The hotel is in a great location. Gloucester Road tube station is just around the corner so travelling around the city is very easy. Kensington High St. is a pleasant, 15 minute-ish stroll away (or a 2 minute taxi ride! :) Harrods is within walking distance too but unfortunately didn't have the time to get there this trip.Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel. It is modern, not too big and well located. Will be hitting the four star mark I'd say once renovations are complete so that could bump the prices up? I would definitely stay again when I'm in London next.	
Mar 9 2009 	Graet location and very comfortable	Had a last minute one night stay here as the sister Forum hotel over the road was full. Very pleasant modernised hotel with good public space and comfortable modern bedroom with huge bed and sparkling new bathroom. Room was at the back so very quiet. Breakfast was included in the room rate and was buffet style, very plentiful, and cheerfully served by young staff. Great location near the tube and shops/restaurants etc., good last minute room rate, would certainly recommend this place.	
Feb 24 2009 	Great location for the Tube	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Kensington very recently which to my surprise was undergoing a major refurbishment. Considering the amount of work being done, it really wasn't intrusive at all. We were given a room that was not on the main road so was ideal. The room was spacious and the bathroom very clean. Possibly the only gripes being that the basin tap was a bit stiff to turn and the water didn't drain away very well in the basin. Everything else was very good. All the staff were polite. I requested a couple extra towels from Housekeeping and they were delivered within 5 minutes, so that was excellent. The hotel location was ideal - literally across the road from Gloucester Rd Tube Station (Picadilly Line). A Waitrose and Tesco Express was across the road should you choose not to pay for breakfast in the hotel. Children under 12 eat breakfast for free which was plentiful. All in all, I would recommend this hotel.	
Feb 20 2009 	Great Location comfy beds	One night Priority Club reward. Great location opposite Gloucester Road tube, one block from museums, 20mins walk to Harrods, 15mins walk to High St Kensington. Nearby free on street parking after 1pm Saturday and all day Sunday.Room newly refurbished, but stained carpet, very dark gloomy colours made small room seem smaller, bathroom spotlessly clean and resonably sized. Beds super comfy, but quite a lot of traffic noise from Gloucester Road - and this was the 8th floor. In common with other comments, room was very very hot (due to spotlights everywhere and TV screen), aircon seemed to make no difference - does it work?Ate breakfast at Starbucks over the road, where there is also a Waitrose, Pret a Manger and several other coffee shops.Overall a pleasant stay.	
Feb 20 2009 	Nice location pleasant staff good accomodation and breakfast	Got a great price (expedia, £145 per night) for a family of four in a decent-sized room with two double beds, probably because the hotel was undergoing a certain amount of refurbishment. However, it was not at all intrusive.The room was on the top floor, with decent furniture and somewhat subdued decor. The only real complaint was that the aircon was noisy, and if switched off then the room was too warm.Breakfast, included in the rate we had, was pretty decent. The front desk and breakfast waiting staff were all very pleasant.	
Feb 19 2009 	Unbearable Heat and Lifts not working	The hotel is undergoing renovation and there is no clear entrance. In fact we walked past it several times.The heat in the bedroom and corridor was incredible. A fan was provided but this made no difference. On several occasions during our 2 night stay the one lift in the hotel was out of order. We had to walk six floors up a fire escape to our room. The only available stairs. I was with my two children and elderly mother. The heat in the room and the trek up and down the stairs spoilt our holiday. I cannot describe how hot the room was - suffice to say none of us could sleep. The worst experience I have ever had in a hotel. Although we had booked two nights, we had to check in both days. We requested a later checkout, but the keys were disabled before this. We only discovered this after another trek up the fire escape. Staff commented that the air conditioning had been broken for some time.The breakfast staff were very helpful and smiley. The breakfast was well worth the money - children under 12 eat free. The hot food was freshly prepared and the staff were constantly replacing any almost dishes. Lots of lovely fresh fruit to choose from.	
Feb 7 2009 	Good hotel in great location	Got back on Monday from a weekend break in Holiday Inn South Kensington and was really impressed with the hotel. It looks lovely from the outside particularly in comparison to the monstrosity of a holiday inn that is across the road. There is work going on but other than the main entrance being closed off it made no difference to us at all. We were on room only basis and ate out so I can't comment on the food but reception staff were very friendly and the room was great - clean, attractive and quiet. The location is brilliant - just up the road from the Natural History and Victoria and Albert Museums and Harrods is just a little further up the road. The underground is 2 mins away and we had brekkie in a lovely patisserie across the road. An ideal location for a sight seeing holiday - we'll be back.	
Feb 1 2009 	Great Value with some nice touches	I have stayed in a King Club and standard double room in the last few weeks The Hotel is being refurbed to Crowne Plaza standard.Both are of a great standard, if you have a bit of cash to spend the King Club is worth the extra, but can also recommend the standard room.A Flat Screen TV that has reasonable priced movies and Sky sports is a great plus after a hard day at work and wanting to watch a bit of TV.Lovely power shower and very comfy beds and pillowsWill be staying again soon, Gloucester Road tube is a stroll across the road making it a very easy to get around.Good Hotel for both Tourists and Business alikeAs for the staff , have found them friendly and always found a smile is met by a smile	
Jan 26 2009 	Good Room Bad impressions	We booked the Holiday Inn Kensington after reading a lot of bad reviews for other, cheaper hotels on Trip Advisor, and decided to go with the best overall reviews within our budget.We paid a little more than we would have liked for the hotel, after they added VAT on top of the price we thought we were paying, which was a little annoying to start with.We knew that the hotel was undergoing refurbishment, so we were not put off by the scaffolding on the outside of the hotel as we arrived. However, it took us a while to find the door, as there were no clear signs amongst the building work as to where the reception was. On arrival, there was a temporary reception set up amongst the building work, and I must say the staff were not particularly friendly towards us. We do not own a credit card between us, and they would not take our debit card as a room guarantee, even though this was the card used to book the room. As such we were unable to use our mini bar or add any extras to our room.Our room was one of the new upgraded rooms, and was absolutely fantastic. The bed was the biggest I have ever seen, and the facilities were wonderful. The only issues with the room were initial problems with the shower which were soon resolved, and the TV seemed to change volume all on its own! Other than this it was brilliant. We did have some problems with the building work - when we got up and tried to get downstairs, the lifts were out of order due to the building works. We had to find our own way to the stairs and trek down four floors to get to the reception area. There were no signs to direct us, something which had been rectified the following day. It was inconvenient for us, but we managed okay. None of the staff were particularly friendly, but the hotel room and location of the hotel made up for it. Being right across from the tube was brilliant, as well as numerous shops and restuarants. Overall, the hotel was good, if you are willing to put up with the problems whilst they upgrade the hotel. I would go again - but no doubt it will be more expensive once the refurb is complete! In general, a good stay, but could have been better.	
Jan 12 2009	Had a great time	Just returned from a two night deal which included breakfast on both days and an evening meal on one. Great value for money even when paying a little extra for room upgrade to Club.The evening meal with a choice from the a la carte menu was great and the service from Christophe (sorry I can't spell his name in Polish) was friendly and polished. Service at breakfast from Arrieta was also good. In fact the staff over all were very friendly and helpful.Requested and received a room overlooking the rear garden which was very peaceful - although there is building work going on to convert the hotel to Crown Plaza.Altogether we would recommend this hotel particularly as within walking distance of Royal Albert Hall, Natural History, Science, V&amp;A museums and Knightsbridge shopping.	
Jan 12 2009 	Great experience	Had a wonderful stay at this hotel with my family - 4 adults, we fit comfortably in one room with 2 doubles. The room was clean, modern, bathroom was of decent size. The location was perfect, the hotel is just across the road from Gloucester Road station, which is on the same line to the airport. It's also within walking distance to a few museums and just a couple of train stops away major attractions.It was great value for money, cost $150. Would definitely stay here again!	
Jan 5 2009 	Great Location Good Value!	This hotel was a pleasant surprise. The hotel is going through an upgrade to a Crowne Plaza, according to the staff. It is a smaller, 6-floor, traditional London hotel building. The room was recently renovated, decently sized, and comfortable. The staff was EXTREMELY friendly and helpful. The lobby area and bar are nice, and it's worth it to include breakfast in your reservation. The fitness center is small but well equipped and recently upgraded. The best part is the hotel's location--at the corner of Cromwell and Gloucester Roads, and right across from the Gloucester Road Underground stop, through which three different lines connect. This makes it very easy to get nearly anywhere in London. The hotel is a short 10-minute walk (or one Tube stop away) from Kensington High Street, where there is a great deal of shopping available. It was certainly a great value	
Dec 30 2008 	Great but another room would be better!	Was planning to stay nearby but booking was messed up by Best Western so got last available room on garden side of hotel at 10 at night.Room was newly furnished, comfortable, and only drawbacks were that the windows were shaded out to avoid rooftop view of air conditioning units, and the room was beside the service elevator which meant noisy mornings as cleaning staff started at 8 and had the world's squeakiest carts.The hotel is undergoing a full upgrading - our part was done and great - and exercise room is good. The lobby is pleasant and the dining area is attractive and very modern.We would happily stay there again - but not next to the service elevator! The location is great - one bus to downtown sights and shopping, easy walk to major museums, and across road from tube.	
Dec 15 2008 	Great Deal @ Sth. Kensington	Nice hotel with great comfortable rooms recently &quot;refurbished&quot;. Good location close to subway and commerce. Nice, friendly staff.	
Dec 14 2008 	Great place to stay	Stayed at the Holiday Inn, Kensington recently and for the size of the place it was great. The rooms were recently decorated with great facilities. The room itself was a little too hot with the air con not up to scratch and I couldn't open the windows. Wireless internet would have been useful. Overall, great stay.	
Dec 10 2008 	Holiday Inn Kensington- in need of help.	I had booked my one nights stay at the Holiday Inn Kensington in London for a business trip. Being a member of the Holiday Inn Priority Club and generally liking Holiday Inn hotels, I was disappointed. I checked in without issue. The room was OK but far too hot. I wasn't able to open the window which was firmly locked (and when I enquired if I was able to open it, I was told no). I also needed to access the hotel's internet for work but when trying the system at first, I wasn't able to access the wireless network. There wasn't even a modem connection in the room. It took 2 calls and 40 mins to get connected via a cable and it cost me £12 for 24 hrs.As it was late, I decided to eat in the hotel. Food was average for the price and it took over 40 mins to get my main course which when it arrived was over cooked. The only saving grace for the hotel, at the moment, was the staff. They are hard working, pleasant and apologetic.To top it off, the lift stopped working. And climbing to teh 6th floor certainly gave me a workout - especially as you have to leave the stairs at the 2nd floor and then use the emergency stairs at the end of builiding.I hope for the hotel and the staff, that this was a one off.	
Dec 3 2008 	Ex stay	We have just returned from 2 days in London staying at the Hol Inn which i booked through plat members site.We found the staff ex and very helpfull and although they are updating the hotel we found this being done with the guest in mind and kept to a min with very little noise or mess.We stayed in a refurbished room 412 which overlooked the rear of the hotel.Although not a huge room it was completely redecorated with all new furniture and it had a new large king sized double bed with a lovely new bathroom and shower which has underfloor heating!My partner and i will be staying again in room 412 next month.What more can i say.	
Dec 3 2008 	Great Hotel	This hotel has to have one of the best locations just outside of the centre of London. Tube and bus connections are on the doorstep to every part of the capitol. Within walking distance is Hyde Park, the Natural History &amp; Science Museums, the Royal Albert Hall, great shopping in Kensington High Street and numerous restaurants from the big chains to the individual restauranteurs.The hotel itself is being refurbished to Crowne Plaza standards and will be even better when it is completed, the alterations in no way detracted from our enjoyment of our stay. The staff are extremely friendly and helpful and really do take pride in their work. Theres no doubt about where our next stay in London will be, congrats to all and thanks for making our stay a great one!	
Nov 24 2008	Enjoyed our stay	We stayed here last Christmas and we were very happy with our stay. The hotel is nice and the rooms were clean and comfortable. The location was great as it was very close to the tube and walking distance to museums, parks and shopping. We didn't eat at the hotel at all, however we had drinks in the bar and they were a little expensive but usually hotel bars are. My only complaint would be that our room was above the banquet room and there was a party or something going on one night and you could hear the music in our room. I would ask for a room away from there next time.	
Nov 14 2008 	Uncomfortable stay	I thought I'd give this hotel a try, but there are problems. Let's start with the good stuff- Staff - pleasant, friendly - so many hotels underestimate what a difference this makes.- New rooms. Modern, well furnished, good shower, much nicer decor.Now the problems:- Be aware that the place is under renovation. If you are arriving in the evening, this causes minimal disruption, but if you are arriving in the daytime, and hope to do some work, you';ll find drilling noise even on the higher floors. Also don't hope for a lie-in - hte drilling and knocking kicked off at 8.30am.- I was in a renovated room on the fourth floor, room 408. Nice. Except it was very, very hot (even though freezing outside) and the window was locked. I asked for a key to open the window. I was told, nicely, the windows could not be opened. I repeatedly pointed out that there was a lock, therefore there was a key. I was told again it couldn't be opened. I asked to move rooms., I was showed one on the second floor which was shaking from the drilling - the noise was unbearable! Obviously not usable. I asked for a room on the same floor as the one I was in, but with a window - I was told, nicely, that there were no rooms on the third or fourth floor that had a window that could be opened. Frankly I didn't believe this. I was told if the airconditioning was put on, the room would cool, so I agreed to stay in the original room. Couldn't work for the noise, so went out to a coffee shop to work and before leaving tried to put on the airconditioning, but didn't seem to work. Told them at the desk and they said it woldl be fixed by the time I got back - I aksed them to put it on maximum cooling. Came back late at night to find it on, but no cold air. Tried to call down three times, but no answer. Gave in and went to bed, hoping it might get cooler. Had a terrible night as it was hot, stuffy, and just no sign of the air-con kicking in. Woken up at 8.30 by hammering. Wanted to complain about it all but the queue at the desk on departure was huge and the staff frantic. Will be writing to the manager. Staff all lovely but ultimately ineffective. I'm sure someone has a key to the windows, or there are rooms that have windows that open on the upper floors, so this is problem that could have been solved. Shame really - nice rooms and could have been a good stay.	
Nov 12 2008 	Great Hotel	This was my my third stay at this hotel. The previous occasions were with the family on half term holiday (Oct 2006 and Oct 2007) and paid for using Priority Club points. It's one of the few large hotels I found in central London that does family rooms. For the first stay we had a room facing the garden and it was noticably quiter than the room overlooking the road we got the second stay. The rooms weren't massive but were big enough for the 4 of us. We ate breakfast at a place opposite Gloucester road tube but then I worked out that with the kids getting a free breakfast at the hotel it was actually much cheaper to eat at the hotel! Staff were excellent and very helpful without being intrusive. A great base for London's attractions.My latest stay was on my own on business for 2 nights. The hotel is undergoing rennovations but this didn't intrude significantly. I stayed in a refurbished double room on the 6th floor (601). The room was nicely decorated and the bed very comfortable. Minor niggles were that the TV took a bit of button pressing to turn on. The water supply seemed to have some air locks in it and it took about 5 minutes for the shower to flow properly although it was excellent when it did! The toilet paper holder is positioned below where you get out of the bath as there is a shower screen along part of it. As a result the paper gets soaked - not a brilliant location perhaps? A trouser press would have been nice as well. Please don't think I'm nitpicking with these comments but as the management seem to respond to reviews I feel it's worth letting them know. Didn't eat at the hotel as I was out with colleagues but had a drink in the bar and read the paper. The guy on the bar was very attentive but again without being intrusive. Staff were friendly and the receptionist dealt very well with a stroppy South African guy who was being obnoxious to him whilst I was checking out - if it was me I would have told him where to go but maybe that's why I'm not suitable for a role in customer services! I'd try and specify a room facing the gaden if possible but remember that you are in central London not the middle of the countryside so there will be some noise.All in all a great hotel and I'll have no hesitation in going back. Just hope that the family rooms will still be there under the new branding and that I can use my priority club points to pay for them!	
Nov 3 2008 	Excellent Stay	Stayed here fron Oct 4-8th for a short get away. Booked on their website and I got a great deal that included breakfast and double miles to my frequent flier program. Being a priority club member I had a king sized room that was huge by UK standards. Location was excellent and the hotel can arrange for your sightseeing needs. Thre are bars, supermarkets and the bonus was the Glouster tube opposite the hotel. Walked to Harrods on a cool evening. A very clean and nice hotel and I would definitely use this again .Downside the internet was very expensive to use so I did not use it at the hotel..	
Oct 24 2008 	Good Hotel Good Location	Little mess up with my reservation as it was booked and paid for via expedia but when I arrived they looked fr payment but it was soon sorted out. Staff needed to be trainned a bit better on the front desk, very slow and you had to pay for wireless internet which only worked in the bar/restaurant, the wired internet in the bedrooms didn't work for either my room or my colleagues. The hotel it's self was lovely, great bar area (very chic) not like what you would expect from a Holiday Inn, and I'm sure when the refurb is finished it will be a great hotel, only problem I had was how slow the staff where to be honest, the internet problems can be somethimes out of the hotels hands, problems occur but there is no reason why staff can work quickly without chatting to other members of staff around the desk about what they did over the weekend. I did say when the refurb is finished and if the staff where trainned to be a bit faster and look after the guest on checkin it will be a great hotel to stay in.One very good staff member, he was the Porter, couldn't remember his name but he said he had worked in Jurys Kennsington before it closed while we where chatting when he was trying to fix my internet in the bedroom	
Oct 6 2008 	Good spot	Really well situated hotel. Close to museums and Earls Court. Restaurants opposite and a really nice pub five minutes walk away (Hereford arms i think it was called). The staff were exceptional and nothing was too much trouble. We all felt instantly welcome and even toyed with the idea of staying an extra night (work commitments said otherwise). Will be returning	
Oct 4 2008 	From one extreme to another...	This was our second stay at this hotel, having previously stayed a few years ago. On that occassion we had been pleased with the rooms, the service and the great location across from the tube station and the Waitrose supermarket etc. Restaurants, fast food and pub food are all located in the immediate vicinity and as a tourist, for a stay of one week the location is ideal. What had changed this time was the hotel was undergoing major renovations. Opposite the concierge desk there are pictures of the new rooms. The pictures are accompanied by a notice that advises the hotel is being re-branded as a Crowne Plaza hotel. We later found out that the relaunch will occur next April.The duplex suite we were initially assigned was very tired and worn, located on the 1st (and 2nd) floors overlooking Cromwell Road. The airconditioning unit rattled throughout the night, the windows didn't close fully, the back of the drapes were yellow, the carpet was torn, there was stains of the chairs and some of the drawers didnt close properly. The rattling airconditioner was cause for me to complain twice and I was glad I did - on the second occassion we were moved to one of the renovated duplex suites on the top floor overlooking the gardens (room 620) and we felt like we were in a different hotel!Being very recently renovated, everything was brand new. The upstairs bathroom is ultra modern with toilet, heated tiles and a large separate shower and bath. There is also a second toilet downstairs. The king size bed was extremely comfortable and adjacent to the bedroom is a balcony with table and chairs, There are flat-screen tv's upstairs and downstairs and ample desk space and sitting areas on both levels. All in all, the newly renovated room could not have been nicer and we enjoyed our remaining five nights at the hotel. The receptionist informed us that the new room we had stayed in would normally cost about GBP500 per night. We had paid GBP215 per night, including breakfast. The re-branding to the Crowne Plaza may provide this hotel with it's much needed make-over, however I fear that it may also out-price many of the people who have previously stayed.	
Sep 24 2008 	Good Experience	I was very pleased with our stay at the Holiday Inn (despite the name that congers thoughts of damp, smoky smelling rooms in the US). The hotel was undergoing renovations at the time of my visit. I stayed from August 28-30th and then again on my return to London from Sept 15-17th. My room on the return trip was far nicer than the first room and I am under the impression that this was a recently renovated room. Very comfy beds and beautiful bathroom. Don't know how an older person could get in and out of the tub which was quite high from the ground. They have a beautiful backyard patio and full access to the internet and printer in a private downstairs office at no charge. Had a little trouble with reception charging my creit card when I had already paid in full in advance but we worked it out. Probably won't be able to afford staying here once the renovations are complete but I highly recommend it for its cleanliness and its central location. (They also took us in off the streets when a room we had prebooked fell through in another hotel.)	
Sep 4 2008 	Great location great value for money	We (family of 5: Couple plus 3 kids) have returned recently from this hotel where we stayed only for 3 nights before moving to a friend's house in Surrey.Location: Perfect: Just 150 meters from Gloucester underground station and 500 meters from Natural History museum, the Science Museum and the Victoria &amp; Albert Museum. Across the street there is a super market, a restaurant, a Boots pharmacy, a Burger King and so on...Accommodation: We have chosen an executive double room with two double beds. It seems that the hotel recently has undergone a major rennovation in some of the rooms. All of the pictures in tripadvisor depicts the old rooms. The room we have stayed was much more modern in aesthetics and design (sorry for not shooting any pics). However we do not know how many rooms have been refurbished. According to a receptionist the refurbishment is due to the fact that from next year the hotel will no longer be a Holiday Inn but it will belong to another chain!!Well the room is not that spacius to fit for 2 adults and 3 small kids, but it was real value for money, given the fact that most of the time was spent in sightseeing!! Sure if the stay was longer, then another type of room is recommended.Food &amp; Beverage: We had only breakfast. Very good buffet with typical English breakfast plus wide variery of cereals, fruits, croisants. Kids under 12 have brakfast free of charge!!Staff: Helpful and friendly, but sure there is room for improvement.Finally: We will sure return to this hotel once again in London	
Aug 27 2008 	Good convenient location	Arrived nearly one hour early for our one night's stay but immediately given a refurbished room on the 5th floor which overlooked gardens. This was spacious and had all amenities required. The adjoining room was being rebuilt but work did not affect us. The staff were very friendly; breakfast (included in the rate) was very good. We were given a map without asking. If you need to be near Piccadilly Circus, Oxford Street etc. this isn't for you (although the tube is only a few yards away) but for proximity to the Royal Albert Hall, V &amp; A, Harrods, Kings Road &amp; Hyde Park (all within 20 minutes level walking) it would be hard to beat.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great Location lousy service	We stayed there in 2006 and it was good. We stayed again for the great location, but this time had a ton of issues. Even though we had 2 adult and a child we had to call every night for 2 weeks for an extra washcloth (even though we asked for more to be added by Housekeeping). The one day I asked for a 6 a.m. wakeup call I got it at 6:15. Twice we came back at 5 p.m. from a tiring day and the rooms weren't made up. Had black mold on inside the bathtub. Door to wardrobe was broken, as was the security front-door lock. One late afternoon they were drilling next door (part of a renovation to a 5 star hotel, I was told) Rear garden area has been turned into a dumping ground for the renovations. All in all, not a good experience. Wouldn't stay there again.	
Aug 20 2008 	Kensington Holiday Inn - tiny rooms off the beaten path great breakfast	Our family of four stayed at the Kensington Holiday Inn August 4-10, 2008. It was a replacement by our travel agent for our first booking that closed for renovations (another chain same area).Rooms were tiny, luggage barely fit. We had two rooms booked, requested connecting or side-by-side (teens in the other). We had two rooms spaced apart by one. A bit inconvenient but not awful. Both had twin beds. We asked to be changed to a double, and that would only happen if we moved to another floor, and the kids would stay where they were. We opted to stay close to the kids and deal with sleeping apart.View was of London - no distinguished sites, just an average view of other buildings. That really didn't matter to us.Tube (Gloucester Road) was right around the corner, very convenient. We ate at Garfunkel's twice (recommended by another reviewer), food was good. Also a small Italian place, good food very expensive.Breakfast at the Holiday Inn was superb. It was included in our rates, so we made it a main meal starting the day. Buffet style, eggs, bacon (American ham slices), all kinds or breads for toasting, cereal, fruit, beans, mushrooms, tomatos etc. Orange juice. My kids and husband are milk drinkers and they did have to ask for more than what was in the urn for cereal, it was not especially cold.The service was excellent, the wait staff greeted us initially with a &quot;tea or coffee&quot; before we went to get our food selection. They poured the tea and came back often to see if we wanted more. On each floor there were several daily newspapers.I was disappointed that the only literature available was a wall of brochures for more Holiday Inn's. No local maps, sights, etc. at all. We booked a car through the concierge, and he printed out some google maps for our destination. Okay except that the route back was different and we had to flounder about a bit on the roads. It was a real rainy day so that ended our driving experiences. I had hoped for a bit more service. Also, the car agency closed early that day and could not pick up the car. The concierge then informed us that it would cost 27 GBP (about $54USD) to keep the car parked overnight. We felt kind of scammed on that deal.No in-room safes, we did get a safe deposit box to use that was big enough to hold my good camera. They are located behind the check-in counter.The in-room refridgerator is not really a refridgerator. They called it a &quot;cooler&quot;, and it was barely that. We bought cold milks at a deli, along with some cookies to munch on. The &quot;cooler&quot; was not worth having in the room space.I suggest they replace it with a real refridgerating unit or leave it out. The space could be used for luggage.Drawers (3) were small and oddly had a curved interior, limiting the space for clothes.The card keys also served as the power key to the rooms. In order to get lights on, Tv, etc. you had to insert a key in the wall unit. It took me two days to get my cell and camera re-charged, I had to leave them plugged in overnight manually turning the interior lights off. Not a bad idea, just a bit confusing. No phone book in the room, so no way to look up anything local without asking downstairs.We were a bit far away from the tourist sights, neighborhood seemed safe, but uninteresting for walking around. We slept, ate breakfast, got on the tube and were tourists. The area around the hotel (sidewalks and grounds) as well as most of the London we saw was exceptionally clean, as in no trash anywhere! The sidewalks and roads were cleaned daily by crews (I saw them each morning around 6am). We encountered lots of airline crews in the lobby, they must use this hotel for layovers. Just a few families with kids, nothing for kids or teens to do in the hotel. Workout room was for the adults.	
Aug 7 2008 	Grea service good hotel	Good hotel, great staff, excellent concierge, clean rooms, and close to the underground.	
Jul 27 2008 	Great Location	We have just returned from a two week stay in the UK, three nights of which was spent at the Holiday Inn in Kensignton - the one on Gloucester Road, not the big high rise one just down the street. This hotel has a great location, only minutes from the tube station and it was for this reason why I booked it. I also read reviews that said it was very child friendly. My kids are 3, 7 9 years old, but I did not see the hotel go out of its way to accomodate them, other than providing a roll away bed for my daughter (3 years) which naturally they charged a daily fee for. Although we live in the USA we are originally from England, so know London reasonably well and I would say to anybody who wants a quiet hotel in a safe neighborhood, close to a tube station to stay here. The hotel is undergoing a refit, some bits are complete, some are not ,but do not let that put you off - there was no obvious signs of this. Our room had not been refitted, was a little tired, but very clean, large enough for all of us (five in total, two adults and three kids) with comfy beds and pillows and with a lovely deep bath - not like these really uncomfortable American tubs, that you cannot stretch out in ( unless you have a jacuzzi tub which then takes hours to fill!). We asked for a room with a garden view and this was without doubt a good choice as it was quiet - the roomss over looking the road must be quite noisey with traffic. The garden was lovely with an outdoor seating area to enjoy G&amp;T's - pity they had no patio heaters though as although it was warm, after the sun disappeared it got chilley. The doorman was very helpful with maps etc, hailing taxis and he recommended a fab Italian restaurant which we walked to - not far at all. The bars and general neighborhood of Kensington is great with lots of places to sit out and enjoy the sunshine (yes it was sunny) and we loved all the people watching and flashy cars whizzing by. London was buzzing and we saw no signs of any recession or gas prices hurting peoples pockets, but then we were in Kensington! To sum it up - great location, rooms big enough for all of us, comfortable beds, large bath (tubs) and lots of lovely places to eat and drink nearby and this being England you can take your kids into the pubs with you without any fear of being refused admission, only wish they would do that more here in the USA.	
Jul 23 2008 	nice hotel	stayed here last weekend. upgraded to an executive room on arrival. nice big rooms with 2 queen size beds. breakfast included. handy for the tube, right outside the hotel. if your looking for a clean hotel in a nice area which is near a tube station then this is the one. only complaint is the pubs in vicinity close at 11.30pm on a friday nite. not goos enough for three guys.	
Jul 22 2008	Great for a family of 4+	Finding a hotel room in London for a family of four at a reasonable price is often a challenge.The first week of July 2008 my family of 4 (children 13 &amp; 9) stayed at the Holiday Inn on Glouchester Road and would recommend it. We booked a &quot;junior suite&quot; which has 2 floors and plenty of room for 4+ people.In addition the hotel is  + in a great neighborhood + across from the tube (subway line) + across the street from a super market + walking distance to many museums, restaurants and bars. The cost of the room was reasonable for London, the staff and service was good. The hotel was clean and had a nice garden out back.	
Jul 18 2008 	Cooking oil	This hotel has a good location, right across the road from Gloucester road station and a short walk up to Kensington gardens. Very good initial impression, nice front desk staff and concierge. Quality English breakfast. We stayed in room no 28, which was large and pleasant with two twin beds (family room). The room was facing towards the garden and we would have loved to sleep with the window open had it not been for the rather intense smell of cooking oil from the kitchen underneath - and they never seemed to stop cooking! With the window shut the air conditioning system became necessary, but it produced a lot more noise than cool air.	
Jul 17 2008 	Ideal Location	What an ideal place to stay for a family of 4 with two double beds. Hard to come by in London. We loved the location so near the Gloucester Rd. tube stop. We didn't eat at the hotel, but went out each morning to the nearby bakeries and brought back fresh pastries to the room. Much cheaper! The staff were very helpful with answering questions. Housekeeping provided wash cloths after asking for them on the first day (wash cloths are unheard of in Europe). We booked this hotel after tons of research and reading the reviews on Trip Advisor. It worked out better than expected.	
Jul 13 2008 	Undoubtedly one of the best places to stay in London! Visitor from New Orleans	We stayed in London twice during the month of June. We chose this hotel because of previous reviews that commented on the location, as well as the fact that a family of four could get a quad room, not an easy thing to find in London. We were very pleased with our choice! The location was fantastic, and the hotel was modern, and up to date. The Gloucester Tube station is across the street, as is a drugstore, 24 hour grocery, KFC &amp; Burger King (for those with children needing a shot of American fast food), numerous other restaurants, and just about everything you could need to make your stay pleasant. The hotel was a short walk to the V&amp;A, Museum of Natural History, Kensington Palace, and Hyde Park. Harrod's was about a 15-20 minute walk. The area was very safe for walking. Another plus is that if you do an Evan-Evans bus tour to Oxford, Windsor, or wherever, they offer pickup from the other nearby Holiday Inn, known as the Kensington FORUM, which is a block away. The Big Bus Hop On Hop Off tour bus stops at the Gloucester Station as well. That's a great thing to do on your first day to get to see key sites in the city and get your bearings. Take advantage of the Breakfast flex deal if it is offered, especially for families with younger children. The hot breakfast is delicious and convenient, with everything you could reasonably need to get the day started since you probably won't have time to stop for a large lunch, and younger children are free (ask about the age limit to be sure you aren't charged for children who qualify for free breakfast with a paying adult). Without the flex package, which only added about $20 to the price of our room, it is very expensive. We found the rooms to be quite large by London standards, and clean. The only complaint was that the air conditioner did not get very cold, although the room temperature was tolerable for Americans from the Deep South who are used to cranking up the air! But I think that is just the expectation in London because we noticed most places were not kept as cool as we are accustomed to in the States -- probably because the Brits seem much more energy conscious than we are. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. They allowed us to check in at 9:00AM -- very nice after an overnight flight. The concierge was helpful in arranging drivers to take us to Victoria Station and the airport when needed, provided directions and maps, and also secured hard to get tickets to Wicked on short notice. We had such a good stay on the first leg of our journey, that on our return trip through London, we had no hesitation about staying there again.	
Jul 7 2008	family weekend	Stayed at this hotel for weekend away with my mother and sister. This is the only hotel we could find which would allow or could accomodate 3 adults in 1 room. Maybe a bit pricey if you want a cheap weekend away but excellent value for 3 or 4 adults to share the cost. Could not fault the accomodation. clean and tidy room. Breakfast excellent. Excellent location for everything 1 min to tube station. Found a excellent pub which serves the best food at a reasonable cost (especially for London), The Hereford Arms. 2 min walk past tube station on the left hand side of road. Would recommend this hotel to anyone.Also a must .....go and see the lion king.	
Jun 24 2008 	Hotel rooms needs refurbishment	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Kensington with my family during May 30th till June 1st. We were a party of 6 adults and 2 toddlers had 3 rooms booked. The hotel is centrally located with the Gloucester Road tube station and a Waitrose supermarket just located opposite and a Sainsbury store 5 mins walk away. I was perhaps unlucky to have checked into a room where there were bed bugs. One morning, I woke up and found my arm which was lying on the mattress with over 10 bites and it was itching very badly. I then found a bug climbing on the white bedsheets. I called my husband to catch it and when he pressed it, there was fresh red blood from the bug. I was very concerned for my 2 yr old daughter who was sleeping on the bed and transferred her to the other bed. We contacted the front desk and informed them about it and they suggested a room change. We had no choice but to change rooms but that proved to be a hassle especially travelling with a toddler and also having already unpacked the bags. The front desk and especially the concierge staff were very apologetic for this and said that they would need to fumigate the infected room and mattress. We were moved to another room but I had problems with the air conditioning. After calling the engineering to check it out, they said it was probably that the air con was probably spoilt and it only could run at a low speed, which if I kept it on over a few hours, the room would probably be cooler. The other alternative was again to change rooms. Of which I said, I didnt want to go through the whole process again, and made do with it. The other thing I would like to commend is that more attention should be made in housekeeping. This was probably my first experience having travelled with my daughter to see the beds in the room not made up. As we usually pack along my daughter's own blanket, pillow and several soft toys along, we usually will leave them on the hotel bed when we leave. On our return to the room, only the other bed which my husband sleeps on is made up but not the bed with my daughter's soft toys and pillows. In all the other hotels we have stayed in in other countries, the housekeepers will make all the beds and even place all the soft toys properly on the bed. Being a Holiday Inn, I find the lack of attention to detail disappointing.Although I have experienced these problems, the other 2 rooms we booked didnt have any problems, but I was perhaps just unlucky. The hotel lobby and bar and even the public guest washroom downstairs in the basement looked very modern but this was definitely a different case for the rooms. I would like to commend on the excellent concierge staff at the hotel who were very polite, friendly and was very willing to always help in any way.	
Jun 11 2008 	Not the best experience!	I have booked all my hotels in recent years based on TA reviews and have never been disappointed until now.I will certainly agree that this hotel is in a wonderful location, across from the tube, near restaurants and grocery stores and in a beautiful section of London. However, the first problem we encountered was a room that had a simply horrible smell to it. They were very nice in offering to move us, but the manager had to take us to three rooms before we found one that did not have an offensive odor.The bathroom was a good size but the sink and shower fixtures were rusted and tarnished and the shower walls had a lot of mildew. They do not give you soap or shampoo and instead have a pump on the wall next to the sink and one in the shower that you must squeeze in the middle to distribute the soap. I personally find this to be very unsanitary and our sink dispenser remained empty throughout our stay.The room remained quite warm despite turning the a/c to it's coolest setting.The front desk staff was not particularly friendly. Two of the concierges were terrific, friendly and helpful and one was quite surly and indifferent.Even though this is a Holiday Inn and not a 4 or 5 star hotel it still came with a pretty steep price tag and I definitely did not think it was worth it.	
Jun 8 2008 	A fantastic choice especially for tourists	A great place to stay, especially for tourists. Its only across the road from a tube station with easy links to Heathrow, there`s not one but two supermarkets almost across the street ( Waitrose and Tesco`s) , you can walk in moments to the Natural History, V&amp;A and Science museums, there`s a KFC, Starbucks and Patisserie opposite too. The facade facing the street looks a little unpromising, but it is just that, a facade, and behind it, which comes as surprise as you enter, is a really modern clean hotel. Room was clean, really quiet and slept better than we would have done at home. Even the TV had loads of free channels.Definitely stay here, especially if a visiting tourist.	
Jun 5 2008 	Location Location Location	Pros - This is a perfect location for seeing the sights of London. The Gloucester Rd tube station is across the street which is on the Picadilly line, ideal for Leicester Sq and Covent Garden! The Big Bus tour stops at Gloucester Rd tube so that was excellant. We were 4 adults and we shared a room with 2 double beds, loads of room for luggage and spreading out. Very clean, helpful staff and very nice private garden to enjoy at the end of the day with a drink.Fast food, coffee house, bakery and grocery store were across the street from the hotel.The cons - The beds were not the most comfortable, they are springy and very bouncy. We didn't eat in the hotel and breakfast was not included - 14.95 (pounds) and this is about $30 with the current conversion.	
May 17 2008 	Great hotel and location	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Kensington for 4 nights and totally enjoyed our stay. It is a great location near a tube, Starbucks, grocery, and restaurants. The staff was very helpful whenever we needed anything. There was a post office just a couple doors down to get tube passes which was better than waiting in line at the tube. The only complaint we had was the air conditioner didn't work very well. Fortunately it was not very hot, but could be uncomfortable in the summer. They offered to move us to another room, but we didn't want to move since we were with other family members in another room on the same floor. Great place to stay in London away from the city crowds.	
Apr 13 2008 	Great Choice to see London	Large room. A welcome change after small rooms in Rome and Paris. Good location to see the city. Friendly staff. Food was expensive at the hotel but plenty of places to eat in London. We used the National Express dot2dot service to get to the Gatwick Airport. Great service--so nice to have help with the luggage and determining where to head at the train station and at the Gatwick airport. Had lunch at a little pub not far from the hotel (think it was Glouster Arms)--good food and friendliest pub we found in London. We walked to all of the sites in London from the hotel and only used the underground twice but it was conveniently located right across the street from the hotel. Large grocery store several blocks from the hotel with good prices on food and alcohol.	
Apr 9 2008 	Excellent stay	stayed here for the weekend with 2 children. Hotel was excellent and ideally situated for main London attractions. Would definitely recommend to stay here.	
Apr 7 2008 	Family weekend in London	Picked this hotel due to its location (walking distance to Royal Albert Hall and museums) and the fact that it would accommodation 2 adults and 2 children in same room. Rooms were fine, 2 double beds, good bathroom. Requested on check in room at the rear which over looked the nice gardens. Checked in at 1.00pm swiftly, all staff were very helpful and smiled. Breakfasts were fine, had to pay extra, next time would try either of the cafes opposite as charge is £15 per breakfast with children under 12 eating free. My only negative point about the hotel is that is has a nice bar but the prices are rather steep, £15 for G &amp; T and Vodka and coke, plus a coke. It would have been cheaper to get them out of the mini bar, not often you can say that. Having booked out stay off their web site, I see that they do special deals in the papers (Telegraph this week), do try this first as the breakfasts are then included.	
Mar 30 2008 	Great Location-Generally Good Experience	This hotel is in an ideal location for international visitors. Walking distance to Kensington Palace (Lady Di Exhibit). Only 1 block from the Glouchester Tube Station that will take you to all the major sights of London. One block from the pickup by the Original Doubledecker Tour Bus. Stores, food and internet cafe nearby.Hotel has some basic amenities and a business center area. Rooms were smaller than standard rooms found in the USA.Service staff was generally good. Highlight was the daytime East Indian Conceirge, who had the contacts, insights and great cooperation needed to expedite all our travels in London. His work allowed us to get the best deals on plays, local attractions and transportation. Overall hotel was good, but had trouble with both elevators on the weekend we were there in early February. People were helpful and supportive to travelers.	
Mar 20 2008 	Ideal base for exploring London	Our family of four stayed here in Feb 2008. We picked the hotel because of location in Kensington and it was absolutely ideal. The hotel is right across the road from Gloucester Rd tube station which is on the direct (Picadilly Circus) line from Heathrow airport. London tour bus stops at the tube station and has staff on hand there selling tickets.Its an easy walk to the Science, Natural History and V&amp;A museums, Kensington Park, Harrods and Sourh Kensington high street.The room was fine - just usual standard hotel room but it was clean and ready when we arrived.This hotel serves what is probably the best hotel breakfast I've eaten anywhere and served it until a reasonable hour. The bar food was also fine.Staff were friendly especially the concierge who spent time advising my sons on where to go to see expensive car showrooms. They were delighted.Only 2 gripes - there was a party on Friday night and our room on the 1st floor was quite noisy. Also, if you're looking for atmosphere or a typical English pub then the bar in the Holiday Inn Cromwell Rd is not the place to be (although I believe the nearby Holiday Inn which is just up the Cromwell Rd) has a decent pub.	
Mar 11 2008 	Excellent for London.	Any frequent traveller to London would know that that town is a complete disaster, when we talk about hotels. But this one is a completely normal hotel, which is nice for a change. Extremely profissional staff, simpathy everywhere, big rooms (AND BATHROOMS!!!!), and clean facilities. The only objection is the housekeepers, who tried to enter my room by 8.30 AM everyday. But this could not keep me from recommending, and for sure, come back. Very nice price too. It won't be an excellent hotel in Spain or Portugal, where it would be regular, but in London is like a 5 star experience.	
Mar 9 2008 	Excellent	Stayed 3 nights in July 07 with my mother-in-law and 8 year old son, it was his first trip to London and I was delighted that we had a very enjoyable stay. Staff are extremely friendly and great with kids. Room was spacious by London standards. We opted for a family room with two double beds. Some rooms have interconnecting doors, so great for large families.Breakfast was excellent and every taste catered for. Dinner was very good too and the staff were very accommodating. Great hotel for families and I will definetly stay again with my husband, son and two other children.	
Feb 17 2008 	Fantastic location	I brought my 2 kids and my mother to London for mid term weekend and we stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. The location could not be better. It is a 2 minute stroll from Gloucester Road tube station which is served by several lines and a walk from the museums of South Kensington and Knightsbridge. The room was fine. I had requested one at the back overlooking the gardens based on noise warnings from previous reviews and got a very quiet room (204). It was clean, as was the bathroom. It's not a fancy place but perfectly acceptable and a great base for a family sightseeing trip to London. We did not eat in the hotel or use any of the facilities so cannot comment on those. The only small negative was that the room was a little on the cold side, we turned up the in-room thermostat but the heater it switched on was a little noisy.	
Jan 25 2008 	Great Location	The room was your typical holiday inn chain hotel look - nothing special and nothing to complain about. The bar and restaurants were well appointed as was the lobby. The location was fantastic - just a short walk away from the V&amp;A museum, natural history museum, and of course Harrods. The Tube is right on the corner and there are plenty of restaurants nearby and also a quite large supermarket across the street.I would stay here again.	
Jan 15 2008 	Strange Hotel/Great Location	This Hotel is well situated for the V.A. Museum/Science Museum/ Natural History Museum and Harrods.It is, however, on a very busy road and can be quite noisy in the front rooms. Other guests were also noisy. Children saw the corridors as a chance to express their freedom, regardless of the hour. We stayed in a split room, which is not suitable for children as the staircase is quite dangerous. It is narrow and awkward. It is also a nightmare having to negotiate the stairs in order to use the 'loo.The room was clean, but tired. The decor needed an urgent re-vamp.The staff were helpful, although the Concierge appeared to prefer mini cabs to London cabs. As a Tourist, I always feel safer in the London cabs.I would only recommend this hotel if you wished to visit the nearby attractions. It is overpriced and tired.	
Dec 31 2007 	loved it	We stayed at this hotel on a 2 night package. The hotel is ideally situated for walking to museums and across the road from the tube station.The room had 2 double beds and was very quiet and extremely clean.Breakfast was good. Dinner was on the included package and could have had more choice but what we had was lovely.Service excellent everywhere.The tube is on the district and picadilly line so ideal for London Eye,Tower of London and also Knightsbridge or covent garden. Will definately stay here agian.	
Nov 29 2007 	Fab Location	We really loved this Holiday Inn for one major reason: the location. Kensington is THE place to see how the fabulously wealthy live their lives in London (because who else could afford a flat or home in that area?!) The best for us was just exploring the area around the hotel - we did this every day of our stay, just checking out the neighborhood with all the trendy restaurants, cafes and shops. If you like exploring a city by foot, this hotel is an ideal place to stay. As for the rooms, they were comfortable and tastefully decorated. Our room was a bit bigger than the Holiday Inn room we had at Russell Square. This might have been just luck, or the rooms might be a bit bigger in general - I don't know. The only drawback to staying here was the facade of the hotel itself - it's a huge skyscraper that in a posh neighborhood like Kensington sticks out a bit like an eyesore. The hotel really is quite big with 27 floors of rooms - one of the biggest I've ever stayed in. But hey - at least you can always figure out which direction to walk back!	
Nov 10 2007 	Good location for the kids half term break	Modern interior, nice...Parking £26.50 per day...Traffic wardens are hovering everywhere. Reception team were bubbly!Breakfast was manic lots of half term families and saw management working on the floor!! The breakfast room did not seem big enough for the capacity...q's were evident!!Seemed a well run hotel!!!Clean rooms, expensive internet connections......	
Nov 5 2007 	Handy for the Albert Hall	Stayed for a couple of nights when going to a concert at the Albert Hall.Fairly anonymous in many ways, but there is a reasonable lounge/bar and a little garden, which is quite unusual.I agree with what many have said about the concierge service. They don't go out of their way to help, but were certainly ok when asked for help with storing cases etc.We had a double executive room with two massive beds so we could accommodate an extra guest. The room was fair sized and the bathroom was good.Our room faced the main road, but the double glazing was highly efficient in keeping out the noise.One of the main attractions is that it is on the doorstep of a tube station, which makes transport around London really straightforward. The Albert Hall and the Kensington museums are just a stroll away and there are quite a few eating places nearby, as well as a range of convenience shops.Nothing exciting as hotels go, but worth considering if you want to be handy for the surrounding attractions.	
Oct 23 2007 	Great location - lovely hotel!	We stayed here for 3 nights on a long weekend, October 18-21 2007. It is located right across the street from the Gloucester Road tube stop, on the direct line from Heathrow, the Picadilly Line. The room was spacious and clean with space for 2 double beds, and a small table with 2 chairs. It had everything we needed - a fridge, a TV, a coffee maker, a safe, a hairdryer, and a nicely sized bathroom with a tub/shower combination.The English Breakfast was very good and also included some healthy choices, which we appreciated. The service and staff were very friendly and accomodating. There is a nice bar area with an outside garden, not too big but very nicely kept and next to an old church. Beautiful! .The best part of this hotel is the location, and the number of great pubs and restaurants nearby, as well as a Starbucks, Boots pharmacy and Waitrose grocery store right across the street! It is within walking distance to the Victoria and Albert Museum, the British Museum of Natural History, Harrods, and Kensington Palace.	
Oct 19 2007 	Love this hotel!!!	This hotel was wonderful!! We used Holiday Inn Priority Club points to book our stay. I wanted to stay near Green Park or Mayfair but they weren't available. So after looking at reviews on this website, I decided to try the Holiday Inn Kensington and I'm so glad I did! We arrived bleary-eyed from Chicago at 7:00am and the concierge very graciously stored our luggage so that we could begin sightseeing. When we returned later in the afternoon, check-in was effortless and the staff were very friendly and helpful.My husband and I had never been to London or the UK before so I was just hoping for a room that was clean. I expected it and the bathroom to be small. But our room was beautiful and generously sized and the bathroom was great! We asked for a garden view and got it. There were french doors which opened up to a lovely view of the fall foliage and a churchyard behind the hotel. We slept with the doors open each night.The Gloucester Tube station is right across the street and accesses three of the major lines so we were able to get around the city very easily. There were also a lot of restaurants and places to buy snacks right outside the front door of the hotel. A Big Bus Sightseeing Tour stop is also nearby.After seeing the city, I was so glad that I hadn't stayed in Mayfair or Green Park. The HI Kensington is in a lovely residential neighborhood as opposed to a busy tourist area. After napping in the afternoon, my husband and I decided to take a short stroll up Cromwell Road. We ended up walking all the way through Picadilly and down to Trafalgar Square. It was 11:00pm on a Friday night and we didn't feel unsafe at any time. (And that's saying something for me!)Don't confuse this hotel with the Holiday Inn Forum just up the street. I didn't visit it but it is a high rise that , from the outside anyway, totally lacks the charm that this hotel has. The next time that we visit London, we will definitely stay at the Holiday Inn Kensington.	
Oct 18 2007 	Good value for London	For a European hotel, this Holiday Inn has fairly large rooms and you can get two double beds. I found it to be modern and the staff was friendly and approachable. Nothing is cheap in London, but this hotel offers alot for the value, and the location is good. There is a tube station across the street and lots of nice restaurants within walking distance. Don't confuse this Holiday Inn with the Holiday Inn tower across the street. You will find that one a big disappointment. Make sure you book the one at 100 Cromwell Rd. Another piece of advice, don't put alot of faith in the concierge. I don't think we got good advice a single time and I don't think they are from the area or know it very well.	
Oct 12 2007 	Decent value and great location	We went to London to see the start of the Tour de France and catch up with friends having lived in Kensington for six years. The hotel's clients include tour groups such as Viking cruises and others. Check-in and check-out can at times be a bit of a wait despite the number of staff on hand but they do make an effort to make it as quick as possible. Despite the double glazed windows, I would recommend requesting a room away from the Cromwell Road side at the time of booking and also repeating the request at check-in, otherwise you will have some street noise from one of the main routes into the city from the West.The rooms are small but well equipped with telly, broadband, mini-bar, tea kettle, etc. and adequate storage space. We only ate breakfast and had included this in our booking, full cooked brekkie versus continental. The food was very good and included black pudding but unfortunately for the cholesteral busters, no fried bread. Ha ha, full English is great! There are also plenty of restaurants and pubs in the area. There is also a market across the street so you can stock up on nibbles and beverages to avoid the usual mini-bar markup.The hotel is one block from the South Kensington tube station which gives you access to both the Circle and District lines. I highly recommend getting a one week, Zone 1 underground card and this should take care of most of your sightseeing/visiting needs. Black cabs are quite expensive on the global scale, perhaps only topped by those in Tokyo.The last time I stayed in London for pleasure it was at the Milestone, a great hotel with a fine location but quite pricey. Despite my trepidation about Holiday Inns, primarily based on my US business trips over a 20 year period, I was pleasantly surprised with my stay. That being said, I will likely be staying at a smaller, local hotel in Kensington the next time I visit.	
Oct 4 2007 	Good Value for London!	Finding hotels in London with 2 double beds is sometimes tricky...but this hotel has this feature along with decent bathrooms! Have never booked with breakfast so cannot comment on that. Across the street is a supermarket where we pick up juice, yogurt and muffins. Tube is across the street as well. Many muesums are within walking distance Ask for a room on the garden side for better views and quiet! ( There is another H.I. Forum nearby not to be confused with this location!)	
Sep 30 2007 	Great for Families!	I give this hotel 5 stars for the price-quality ratio.... It is an honest, clean place to stay in central London for a good price.It is NOT a 5 star luxury hotel!! But for 200£ a night for 4 people in a split-level duplex in Kensington, I challenge anyone to find a better deal (please send me a message if you do!)Here is the good and the bad:GOOD:+ This hotel is great for families.+ They have duplex family rooms - HUGE space for London standards... Clean &amp; fresh bedding, etc... I was able to book for 4 people less than 200 £ a night on the hotel website.+ We found the concierge and front desk service absolutely charming and helpful: concierge coming out to the street to hail a taxi, agreable, ready to reserve restaurants etc....+ Hotel service was also good: when a second duvet was requested it arrived at the room within 20 minutes; when a 2nd sheet was requested another day ditto.+ Location is terrific: next to Goucester tube station; bus stops right outside the door; walk to Science museum &amp; Natural History museum, V&amp;A., Harrods....+ safe neighborhood with plenty of local restaurants to choose from without taking a cab.... but a 15£ cab ride from the theater district (depending on the traffic). Ask pizzeria across the street is indeed very nice, not a big chain, with lovely thin crust pizzas &amp; banquettes that tired kids can fall asleep on!+ Very good sound-proofing; we were on the 1st and 2nd floor on the street side, but not bothered by the very busy traffic whatsoever.+ sporty Moms &amp; Dads: very close to Kensington park, great for morning jogs before the kiddies &amp; spouse wake up!+ Adequate ventilation in the rooms; I usually can't sleep without a window that opens but the adjustable fan in the room provided adequate air.+ very correct English breakfast buffet, with the typical eggs, cumberland sausage, ham cheese, yoghurt, fresh cooked mushrooms, (canned) beans, but also lovely fresh fruit and melon, and a large selection of cereal.and the BAD:- Busy street = &gt; hold hands with kiddies outside the door! (But once inside the hotel we did not hear the noise; if you were on the garden side you would be in another universe entirely).- Windows in the suite didn't open (maybe just as well since busy noisy street).- You are PROBABLY NOT GOING TO GET THE EXACT ROOM YOU REQUESTED garden facing =&gt; overbooked, good luck!; Single bed, Double bed, Twin... not guaranteed! If you are picky=&gt; BOOK A FLEXIBLE tariff, arrive before 4 pm, and threaten to cancel &amp; walk out if they don't give you the room you want... (Have another flexible tariff at a different hotel in your pocket just in case they are really overbooked!)- A bit far from the theatre district (but close to the tube and the bus route stops right in front of the hotel too).- Fitness room was under construction - no sauna!- Sense of humor needed for the bathrooms &amp; plumbing.... Once you have learned the pump &amp; hold technique of the toilets all is OK.- Rooms are not all created equal.... ours had very old plumbing and felt just a bit seedy (peeling paint, dust around the windows, and grime in the corners of the bathroom, older fixtures and creaky drawers...) But the bedding was fresh crisp and clean. Overall: totally recommended as a great place to stay in London, especially with kids if you are planning a trip to see the south Kensington museums....Tip: booking thru the Holiday Inn website was great and we got a price that was less than half that posted at the reception deskTip: week-end stays are highly discounted compared to weeknights.	
Sep 27 2007 	Average stay. There are better hotels in London.	Check in is 2pm so we arrived on time only to be told that the previous occupants of our room had had a late check out and our room would not be ready for another hour. This seems to be a recurring theme for this hotel from reading other reviews.We stored our luggage and went across the road for lunch. When we arrived back our room was ready. I had booked a 2 bedded duplex apartment and had asked for the sofa bed to be made up. On arrival at the room we found that the sofa bed had NOT been made up. I called housekeeping and it was quickly rectified. My daughter lay on the sofa only to find that it was very uncomfortable and sank in the middle. I reported this to housekeeping and they offered to change the mattress but this didn't happen. The rooms were clean and the rest of the apartment quite attractive except for a rather nasty stain on the sofa. The upstairs apartment had a lovely little balcony that you could sit on and look out at the London skyline. The airconditioning worked upstairs but not downstairs and we had to call maintenance to fix it which was done quickly.We stayed for 2 nights. When we needed some information about store opening times and locations staff did not seem to know and those who gave us info proved to be wrong.The breakfast was average fare and for the price of the weekend away i would chose somewhere else next time. It just didn't live up to expectations. However the location is convenient for the museums and Harrods.	
Sep 26 2007	So-so but what did you expect? This is London.	Good location. Cheap for London. Clean enough. Bland. The staff were not super competent or friendly but not bad either.	
Sep 25 2007 	Outrageous and very small postage stamp size room....	Don't stay here unless you want lousey service anda dinky room with no where it sit or move around the bed.I was shocked at the minerature appointments in the room.You could not wheel a bag past the bed. the door openingwas only door wide. Its simply a sham for 200Lbs pernight. The breakfast was simply plain and simple.Would not let you check in before 3pm.There are better places to stay in London.	
Aug 23 2007	Worst Service  Not Recommended	Read all the reviews for this hotel and thought it would be great for my husband, myself and 17 month old daughter. We got to the hotel and room wasn't ready, which is typical for a London hotel. Check in was 2:00, we never got our room for over 1 1/2 hours, although they kept saying they were currently cleaning it. We were told to go to the bar for a complementary beverage. We ordered beers, and then told beers weren't included in the &quot;comp beverage&quot;, OK then we ordered a Coke and glass of milk for our daughter. We got our bill and had to argue with the bar staff that these were supposed to be complementary. They begrudgingly took them off our bill. The room was OK, wasn't the cleanest, I don't know what they were doing for 1 1/2 hours to clean it. There were articles left from the previous guest in the room. During our stay they never vacuumed the floors when they cleaned each day. Traveling with a 17 month old the floors were filthy. The dust on the lampI could write &quot;Please dust me&quot; on it, I sure it will be there for weeks to come.We took some baby food to the bar area to ask them to heat with their microwave and they refused to heat it. Against hotel policy.The room we had was a duplex, upstairs and downstairs, which was the primary reason we booked the hotel. This suited our needs traveling with our baby, however the staff were the worst I have encountered in along time, and both my husband and myself travel extensively.The bell staff just stands there and offers no assistance with baggage, or help open doors when you are struggling to get a stroller in through the narrow front door. They never move from their bell desk.I would not stay at this hotel again and wouldn't recommend it.	
Aug 22 2007	a great hotel in a great location	This hotel was great. It is in a very convenient location, right across the street from the tube. It is also near two grocery stores, great for picking up cheap breakfast food. (tesco's and waitrose).The room was immaculate, and a good size (unusual for london). It has a/c, which was appreciated in august.The room also has a safe, tea/coffeemaker, comfortable beds.We had a room with a garden view on the fifth floor- very quiet!The staff was very friendly. The hotel also has a restaurant and lounge, and a garden restaurant. It is near to a few Italian restaurants, fast food places. It is only about a 15 minute tube ride to central london. The area is safe and convenient.We would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 6 2007 	Great price great location great all around	I wanted a hotel that had two queen beds, which seems virtually impossible to find in London (maybe I didn't look hard enough!). Expecting a teeny-tiny room based on my U.S. standards, I was pleasantly surprised to find the room good sized for 3 people. Also, as read in previous reviews, I requested a room that overlooked the garden and I was not disappointed! I don't know if road noise would have been a problem, but the garden view was a tranquil sight.Check-in was very efficient. Conceirge held our bags after we checked out for free.Tube stop is RIGHT across the street. Totally worth it not to have to haul luggage all over town. Also a grocery across the street (Waitrose I think) and got lots of good English snacks instead of opting for the hotel restaurant.Room was clean, but the shower seemed to be growing a little mold. Also, the tub was QUITE a step up. It was a stretch for someone who was average height.Couldn't find the hairdryer at first. It was hidden under the desk. Strange.Overall, I was very happy with the location and hotel. I loved how the exterior was English quaint.	
Jul 25 2007 	Perfect hotel experience in every way	I stayed here for one night during my recent overnight trip to London and had chosen it based on the location, price and positive reviews. The Holiday Inn Kensington (not to be confused with the H.I. Kensington Forum high-rise monstrosity nearby) did not disappoint! I can honestly say that everything, from my check-in up until my check-out the next day, was excellent. The employees I encountered were very polite, helpful and friendly. I had requested a quiet room at the back of the hotel when I made my on-line reservation via the hotel's own website. Even though I did not have a garden view, the room was certainly extremely quiet. Other great things: the room was very clean, very BIG for a London hotel room and reasonably priced (I definitely recommend using the &quot;advance purchase&quot; option when booking). I really loved the location - across the street from the Gloucester Road tube station, so I was able to come here directly from Heathrow via the Piccadilly line. It is surrounded by wonderful restaurants and shops (Boots, Tesco, Starbucks and Waitrose were especially appreciated!). The hotel is only one tube stop away from all the great shopping at High Street Kensington. The minibar was well-stocked and not overpriced, and the breakfast, although a bit pricey at £15, was satisfying.All in all, a great hotel experience and I would definitely stay there again when in London.	
Jul 10 2007 	Fabulous hotel for families	We stayed at the Holiday Inn, Kensington for one night in July 2007. The hotel is in a fabulous location, just across the road from Gloucester Road tube station. The Natural History Museum (free entry) and the V &amp; A are just a short stroll down Cromwell Road.We arrived slightly early so enjoyed a nice cool drink in the enclosed private garden at the rear of the property.The family room was situated on the sixth floor and had two double beds plus the usual amenities. The room and hotel was extremely clean. The beds were comfortable with a pillow menu available if required. We had an early start the following day so organised breakfast in our room ... a less stressful option when travelling with two small children! The food was good but unfortunately the staff had forgotton the butter ... this is such a minor complaint for a hotel that I recommend very highly and will definitely use again when visiting the capital.	
Jul 1 2007 	Great Location	Super easy to reach this Holiday Inn by metro from Heathrow Airport! The Gloucester metro stop is literally across the street. This makes the hotel a convenient location from which to embark on one’s journey exploring London if willing to do so using the metro.The room was clean and comfortable though quite small – which is typical for a big city hotel. My husband and I traveled with our 13-year-old and, although there was certainly no “extra space”, it was adequate. There is a nice grocery across the street. The food at the hotel is wonderful – but expensive – as is just about everything in London (during our trip it was 2.1 dollars to the pound!!). Kids under 12 do get breakfast free at the hotel. Breakfast is especially tasty and filling as it is an all-you-can-eat buffet with a variety of choices.There is a lovely garden / courtyard off the back of the hotel – an especially nice treat in the big city. Meals can also be taken there.The staff is multilingual and eager to be helpful. Internet access is available in the hotel’s “Business Center” – but it is expensive.If staying in this hotel we recommend traveling via Heathrow rather than Gatwick because transportation to Gatwick is either by taxi, private car hire, or express train from Victoria Station – all of which are costly (it was approximately $78.00 for our family of three to travel on the train to Gatwick one way when we left London – and that was the least expensive means of travel. When we arrived in London we came in at Heathrow and took the metro for under $12.00 US!).	
Jun 16 2007 	Great for Girly Weekend!	Stayed at the Holiday Inn Kensington for a girly weekend. We did try to book into the Kensington Forum hotel first, not realising it was the wrong one! Location was great, only a few seconds walk from the tube and 10 mins walk to the Victoria &amp; Albert museum and approx 20mins to Harrods. There were a few shops, bars and restaurants in the immediate area, which were great to grab a drink and food after a few hours travelling.We checked in very quickly and were directed to our rooms, we had booked rooms for four people (two double beds). There were eight of us and we were given adjoining rooms, which were ideal. Staff were very friendly and assisted with everything we needed, we ordered room service in the early hours which was sent quickly with no problems.We didn't go to the bar or restaurant, so could not comment on those areas but the general service we experienced was great. We were able to leave our bags with concierge after checking out, so that we could go and explore the city.Rooms were very clean, comfortable and tidy. Overall I would recommend this hotel, its a good price compared to others in the area and its easy to access all nearby facilities.	
May 19 2007 	nice hotel nice place	this is a nice hotel, close to the town center, close to the tube, nice rooms, nice staff, nothing to say, I always stay there when I have to do in London, the rooms could be a little bit newer, but it is very english like, carpets, old england.	
May 18 2007 	Nice Hotel	Needed a hotel that accomodated a family of four. Their own website offered the best deal and allowed booking for 2 children. We also required a babysitting service and was able to sort this via emailing their housekeeping department, who were most helpful. The location was superb as it was just across the road from the Gloucester Tube station and only a short work from Natural History Muesum, Science Muesum and the V &amp; A. It was only one stop from Earls Court too. On arrival I was impressed with the lobby area and the staff served us very quickly.The room was very clean and smart though slightly smaller than I had anticipated. We had 2 large double beds and a nice view of the gardens. Housekeeping had left all the details of the babysitting service which was booked through an agency. One reason we choose the hotel was the very nice enclosed garden which can be reached via the excellent bar. I was slightly disappointed that we could not sit outside after 10pm.Beds were comfortable and the bathroom in excellent order offering shower and bath. Breakfast was superb and the choice of hot and cold food very good. All staff throughout our stay were friendly and helpful.Overall a pleasant stay.	
May 15 2007 	Great Location - Avoid the Bar!	My wife and I stayed here for two nights just before Christmas. Not really a lot to say - it is a typical, European, Holiday Inn. We had a standard, no smoking room, which was clean and comfortable although the room was initially cold due to the fact that the heat does not work without the room key in the &quot;activation&quot; slot near the door! Once we realised this, it was not a proble.Breakfast was included in our package and was fine.The only &quot;bad&quot; point was the bar - it has absolutely ZERO atmosphere, and the prices were the highest we paid in London - bordering on daylight robbery! Fortunately, it is a short walk to some very good pubs!	
May 6 2007 	Good hotel but some flaws	Stayed for a wedding anniversary weekend. Good facilities and generally well kept hotel. Reading between the lines of other reviews perhaps we were a bit picky but we had too many similar problems. Arriving late on Friday we had booked a smoking room but found ourselves in a smelly smoking room. Hungry and tired we just wanted to settle in so it wasn't a good start. We woke up next morning ready for cup of tea but found the kettle didn't work. The TV was also not working - we later found it worked if you wiggled it around a bit but I'm sure the receptionist didn't believe us. The wedding in the restaurant had unreasonably loud music and they offered to move us to another room - bit daft at 11.30pm at night! As we left three people complained about their room cards not working. Still - if all goes well you will probably have a great stay. Lots of decent restaurants nearby and convenient for the bus and tube. The rooms are tidy and clean. Breakfast was fine. We went to see Hound of the Baskervilles - that cheered us up no end - well recommended.	
Apr 29 2007	Good hotel pleasant stay	Stayed here in April 2007 for one night, for an event at the Royal Albert Hall – Very conveniently situated for this (about 15-20 minutes walk).We had booked an ‘executive room’ through the Holiday Inn website, and requested a room overlooking the garden. However, on arrival we found we had been ‘upgraded’ to a duplex suite on the 1st/2nd floor, overlooking the road. This was fine - although I think I might have been a bit happier with what we had actually booked! Although we had said three people would be in the room when we booked, we had to ask for the sofa-bed to be made up (and for an extra bath towel) when we arrived.I can see that the suite would be nice if you are staying a while and spending some time in the room. However, as we were not in the room much, we didn’t find it was an advantage. The upstairs area was relatively small, but this is where we spent most time because this is where the main bed, wardrobe, bathroom &amp; tea/coffee facilities are located. We had a teenage child with us, but I think I might have been a bit worried about very young children on the spiral staircase between the two floors.The room and bathroom were clean and in a fairly good state of decoration, and well equipped.Although we were on the road side, we weren’t too bothered by road noise, as it is double-glazed. The air conditioning was a bit noisy (more so than the traffic), but effective. The lounge-bar is nice, overlooking the very pleasant garden at the back of the hotel, and serves good, reasonably-priced (for central London!) light meals. We used the hotel restaurant only for breakfast, which was excellent – very nicely presented, and a high quality buffet. (I would also recommend the 'Ask' pizza restaurant opposite, where we had our evening meal - great pizzas, good value and friendly and very quick service.)Check-in time is 2pm, and check-out is 1pm, which we appreciated. (However, when we returned to the room at 12.30 to do our final packing, the chambermaid had already started to service the room – despite the fact that all our things were still there!) The concierge was helpful with keeping the bags until we were ready to leave later in the afternoon.Overall, however, a good hotel and pleasant stay – I would be very happy to book here again.	
Apr 29 2007 	Highly recommended	We stayed here for two nights over the weekend 20-22 April with our 4 year old son. It was great. We asked for a quiet room on booking, and we got one - a first floor room overlooking a lovely garden. We checked in earlier than recommended - no problem, the room was ready. The family room was large and comfortable with two double beds (allowed little un to sleep sideways on it!), well stocked minibar, table and two chairs. The bathroom was a nice size and the shower was excellent. The cleaners were efficient and silent. On the second night we ordered room service and it was very good with quick delivery.The staff were all courteous, and efficient. The food at breakfast was excellent and plenty of choice, from cold meat and cheese buffet, lots of fruit, cereals, cooked choices. The attention by the staff also excellent - discreet but attentive in terms of clearing tables. On the second morning (like an earlier reviewer) we were given a table overlooking the garden which was a nice way to enjoy breakfast.I must say that the service by the concierges was excellent too - especially Karim who made a special point of smiling and asking us how our day went, striking up a lively banter with our son too, when we returned each day - remembering what we had planned to do.The location of the hotel is very good for Kensington Gardens and the excellent Natural History Museum (both of which are about a 10 minute walk away). Lots of bistros/restaurants nearby and Gloucester Road tube is across the road.Only one thing stops this getting the full five out of five and that is in the early hours of our last morning our non-smoking room suddenly became filled with the overwhelming smell of cigarette smoke which woke us up. We figured that something was whirring through the aircon system or it could have been that we were above the bar which (although there was no noise whatsoever) allowed smoking (something which has quickly come to feel terribly uncivilised for those of us coming from countries where smoking in enclosed public places is now banned!). So the recommendation here is to ask for a quiet room but not one above the bar until the hotel bans smoking in its public areas.However, this place comes across as a smart, well run and well maintained establishment, with well trained and friendly staff. We will definitely book this hotel again on returning to London, which hopefully won't be too far in the future!	
Apr 28 2007	very nice hotel	We just returned from 6 nights at Holiday Inn Kensington. We arrived at 10 am and were offered a street side room immediately or we could wait until the afternoon for a garden room. Since we were exhausted we opted for the street side room which was ok. Some road noise but not bad. The next day we requested a garden room and they were happy to move us. Some rooms seem to have smaller windows, especially upper floors. If possible request a room with small balcony because they have double doors. Our room was on the 4th floor and had a smaller window but it was a nice view. The rooms are very quiet without any noise from neighboring rooms. Lots of restaurants in the area but not too much shopping. One stop on tube to High Street there are tons of stores. Next door to the hotel their is a post office with maps and some souveniers. We had a good meal at Prince Regent Pub on Gloucester and Ask Pizza across the street. Waitrose has everything including a salad bar. Hotel had good buffet breakfast which was free for my 11 year old. Beds are very comfortable, lots of water pressure in shower, no clock in room but there is a hairdryer. Desk clerks and concierge were very nice and helpful. We loved this hotel and would go back. Check your bill because we were billed for lots of mini bar drinks we never touched. They were happy to credit us. There is a comfortable lounge with a flat screen tv if you do get stuck waiting for your room.	
Apr 22 2007 	location location location	We stayed 2 nights at the Holiday inn Kensington for a shopping/football weekendWe have stayed in several parts of Kensington before in hotels in the Kensington High Street and Holland Park areas, and love the proximity to the West End whilst staying in a good area of LondonWe drove down from the North East and found the hotel quite easily, though after a long hold up at Shepherds Bush/White City where a new shopping centre is being built . Although the hotel is in the extended congestion zone charging area, this does not apply from Friday evening to Monday morning so we did not have to worry about thatWe left the car in a bay around the corner whilst we checked in, and the very helpful concierge issued us with a pass to park in a secure underground car park at a block of apartments over the road, and even gave us a map to explain how to negotiate the 1 way system around the hotel. Parking was £25 per day, not cheap but less than we have paid previously in the same area. Check in was fine and quick, and we were fortunate to be given a complimentary upgrade to a split level suite. This was a standard size double room with a spiral staircase leading to a lounge area with sofa, table and a 2nd TV downstairs. This had satellite channels as well as terrestial ones. There was also a selection of magazines. Whilst the facade of the hotel is traditional in style the rooms are fairly modern in design.The bathroom was good with decent toiletries, 1 bathrobe and pair of slippers ( always wonder why there is only ever 1 in a double room). The power shower was excellent.Our room was at the front of the hotel and traffic noise was unavoidable from Cromwell Road outside, though we slept well anyway ( the back of the hotel overlooks a small hotel garden so is probably much quieter)The location is superb, with Gloucester Road tube 2 minutes walk just over the road, and a good selection of supermarkets, pubs and restaurants in the immediate vicinity ( would recommend Pizza Organic where we ate on our first night). Harrods/the Knightsbridge shopping area is 2 stops away by tube and is probably a reasonably short walk. The V &amp; A museum is also just up the road. On driving home we discovered another small area of shops and restaurants in Gloucester Road in the direction of Kensington High Street, again within 5 minutes walk of the hotel.The breakfasts were very good from a buffet selection, with a choice of cooked items and fresh fruit. This is served in a function room, though on the 2nd day we were given a gardenside table in a smarter, more &quot;restauranty&quot; area just off the main room. There were plenty of staff and tables were cleared very quickly, and requests for hot water etc were dealt with immediately.The hotel staff were very helpful and gave us tube and street maps, and we used the hotel bar looking out over the small rear garden which was very nice.On the 2nd night there was a Karaoke night in the function room, which made some noise ( the lower bit of our room was on the first floor above) , but after a couple of glasses of wine in the bar we slept anyway.Our only regret was that we didn't stay longer, and we would definitely stay in the area again and probably in the same hotel.	
Apr 12 2007	Very Nice Place to Stay	My son and I arrived at the hotel around 10:30 a.m. and were offered a smoking room (I reserved a non-smoking room) if we wanted to check in immediately. They offered to allow me to go up to the room to see if the room smelled like smoke and if I wanted to keep the room. Not only did the room not smell like smoke, we didn't smell any smoke in the hallway during the 3 days we were there.We were on the 6th floor and faced the garden and church. Unfortunately, our window was rather small so I couldn't enjoy looking out at the garden and not much light was let in. If we stay there again, I would ask for a room on another floor.The beds were very comfortable. The rooms were also very clean. The toilet was a bit tempermental, however. Sometimes it would flush after one try and sometimes it would take 4 or 5 tries. The caulking around the top of the tub also needs to be replaced. There is an ice machine on the 6th floor, but it was broken during our stay. There was a working ice machine on the 5th floor.The hotel is in a wonderful location. There is a post office next door (to the left) to the hotel. There is an ASK pizza and Garfunkel's restaurant directly across the street. An internet cafe and ATM machines are just around the corner. Turn left out of the hotel, go to the corner and turn left. The internet cafe is on your left in a basement store. The ATMs are also on the left.At that corner, if you cross Cromwell (the road the hotel is on), there is a Waitrose grocery store Arcade to your right. ASK pizza and Garfunkel's and a coffee place are in that arcade, also. If you walk past Waitrose, you'll find Gloucester Rd. tube station. Directly across the street from the tube station and Waitrose are restaurants and stores. These include Organic Pizza, Burger King, Starbucks, Paul's (pastries and cakes), a pasterrie (where we had breakfast each morning), a Tesco Express (with ATM outside) and other restaurants farther down the street.We took a taxi to and from the hotel and Victoria Station. The cost was £10 which included the tip. We had no problem getting a taxi at 5:50 a.m. outside of the hotel to take us to the station.Overall, this is a very nice, comfortable hotel with a couple of minor cosmetic problems in our room.	
Apr 8 2007 	Great Hotel great location recommend for families	We stayed in the Holiday Inn Kensington (100 Cromwell Rd) for 4 nights in early April 2007. We are a family of 5 with kids aged 7, 5 and 2. After trawling through the limited amount of hotels that can accommodate a family of 5 we came across this one. They offered us a suite which is split levelled and was perfect for our needs. We entered into a standard sized double room with ensuite which had a spiral staircase leading down to a further room below which had a sofa bed, t.v., table and chairs etc., this transformed into the kids sleeping area at night. It allowed us all have our own space and meant we were not lip reading the T.V. after 8 p.m. with our sleeping children in a bed beside us which has happened in previous hotels!The hotel is excellently located opposite Gloucester Road tube station and just down the road from National History Museum. It has a lovely garden at the back which was brilliant for the kids to run off steam straight after breakfast in the morning. Breakfast was great with anything you wanted on tap all self service - even down to making your own toast in toaster which I found a bit tedious! We didn't eat any other meals in the hotel but did witness people who did and it looked acceptable fare. Had an Ice machine outside the lift on each floor which was handy. There was a leisure centre in the basement. T.V. was good with all usual channels and kids had a choice of CBBC and CBeebees. Movies could have been more up to date but they did have a choice of kids movies you could order too which I was impressed by. There is a Waitrose across road open til 9 each evening and a small tesco around corner which is open 24 hours. Also a starbucks and illy across street. There was a few Pizza places a burger king and a garfunkels within walking distance. I would definetely recommend this hotel to families. We were there the week before Easter and there seemed to be lots of families staying there in addition to ourselves. The suite worked out at 300 euro per night for all 5 of us and that included breakfast. Given the great location and use of garden I think it was worth every penny. We would definetely use this hotel again when we are next in London.	
Apr 5 2007 	Nice Stay at HI Kensington	We just returned from a week's stay at the Holiday Inn Kensington. On the positive side: The location was terrific - right across the road from the Gloucester Road Underground. There is a nice Victorian facade on this building, unlike the concrete highrise that is the Holiday Inn Forum right across the street. There are quite a few goods and services nearby as well - the Waitrose grocery store was great, various restaurants, Starbucks, a couple of patisseries handy for breakfast if you don't fancy paying the £13 per day for breakfast. Also, plenty of ATM's, a local pub, Boots store, even Burger King and KFC if you really can't do without. On the first night, the HI left us a fresh fruit plate in our room. I wonder if everyone gets this or only members of their Points Rewards program. The room was fine - typical HI with two beds. Would have preferred one king, but not on offer here. Bathroom was very roomy for UK, though tub / shower a bit narrow. The underpowered hairdryer was located in the dresser drawer of room and the type you have to hold the button down continually for it to operate which was pretty annoying but not unexpected. At least it was located in front of the mirror. We had a garden-facing room which I requested. I don't know if they honored my request or we just got lucky. The rear garden is very pleasant, and I would imagine street facing rooms are noisier. There seemed to be a bit of noise on the Saturday night but otherwise reasonably quiet. The window opened a few inches which was nice for some fresh air. There was a minibar which was not very cold but did provide a very small amount of space for personal items - better than nothing. There is an ICE machine on each floor, but I occasionally had to go to another floor for ice as our machine was empty. There's a tray with an electric kettle and instant coffee, tea, milk and sugars. My companion said the instant coffee was almost as good as their Starbucks and free. TV had maybe 10 channels - plenty of UK news, sports, dramas, soaps, kids shows, but no CNN. You can pay £8/day for internet access through the TV if you don't have a laptop like us. There's a little keyboard, and while awkward, it served our internet needs for a day. There's also internet access for laptops but I don't know about the rates. As I mentioned, we didn't eat breakfast or use the restaurant or room service. There is a very handy safe in each room as well. The housekeeping was adequate, though I would have liked fresh cups/glasses each day. Towels were of the type to discourage theft. On the negative side: Our bill was incorrect on two items when checking out. They tried to charge us for laptop access when we only used one day of TV access, They also tried to charge us for items from the minibar which we did not use. To their credit, they removed these charges when I disputed them. Another con is that while I expect that there might be a charge for phone calls (even local ones in thise case), I would have preferred a card in the room which made this clear in advance. I shouldn't have to ask about them. I thought this was very unprofessional. Generally, we had a very nice stay in the Holiday Inn Kensington. Great location, typical HI room. Check your bill when you leave, and have a great time in London!	
Apr 5 2007 	Great location	Stayed here as a group of 4 school friends. We shared two twin rooms. The front desk ensured we had rooms that were close. One room at the front one at the back. Both equally clean and comfortable. We were on the 2nd floor and didn't experience any traffic noise at the front. Didn't book breakfast, ate at one of the cafes nearer to Harrods - great value! Overall would rate this hotel as friendly, clean and comfortable and a great location to get to from Heathrow - and great location for the museums and Harrods by foot or to anywhere by tube via Gloucester Road tube which is just across the road. We paid just over 100 GBP for one night at the weekend which we thought was excellent value for money. The concierge was very helpful looking after our bags before we checked in and after we checked out. No problems here.	
Mar 30 2007 	Great Stay	We had a great stay at the Holiday Inn Kensington. Consierge very helpful. Saved us alot of money telling us to take the tube to the airport (Heathrow) early in the morning. Worked out great. Had dinner at the restaurant on our last night and it was great. Great location just across the step from the Gloucester Road tube and we walked to the Victoria &amp; Albert museum (which we loved). Took two Grey line/Golden tours and they picked up in the lobby at the Holiday Inn Kensington Forum across the street. Room backed to garden...very quiet except the door banged everytime a neighbor went out for some reason. Clean room, decor fine. Temp of AC good. Had a great trip!	
Mar 24 2007	Quad rooms and a great location	Stayed at the Kensington Holiday Inn (not to be confused with the high rise Forum across the street) with our twin 13 yr olds in mid-March. It is difficult to find a reasonably priced room in London that can accomodate four people, so we were quite pleased to have found this hotel, and which is in a nice area. Booked months in advance and got an Entertainment card rate of 88 pounds, though the rates seem to have gone up considerably. Can also try a AAA rate. The location is terrific, right across the street from the Gloucester Road tube station, bus stop (where the #74 bus goes to and from Harrods), and a Waitrose grocery store where we bought bananas and water for the room and Cadbury chocolates to take home. The Paul's Patisserie across the street has delectable pastries. The Organic pizza next door to Paul we thought was a disappointment. The hotel room was quite adequate for four of us, with a nice size bathroom, though we didn't spend much time in the room. We found the staff to be friendly, and very accomodating. When we asked for extra towels, cups, and hot chocolate, they were brought up within minutes. The room was very quiet with our garden view. Be advised, even if you use an international phone card, you will be charged a 40 pence fee to use the phone in your room. You can use the phones in the lobby instead. Also, if American and paying by credit card, have it charged in pounds not dollars, so you can get a better exchange rate. Capital One is the only card that I know of that does not charge a 2-3% transaction fee for every charge. Also, don't bother to use traveler's checks, use the ATMs instead -you'll get a much better exchange rate. Find a bank which offers free ATM withdrawals before going abroad. There are ATM machines at Gatwick airport, so you can get money there after your flight. After taking the Gatwick Express to Victoria, we took a taxi to the hotel, which came to 8 pounds. After checking in, we went t to see the &quot;Thirty Nine Steps&quot;, which the whole family loved.Overall, we were very pleased with our stay at the hotel, had no complaints, and would definitely stay there again	
Mar 17 2007	Good stay	Stayed just one night in March 2007. Large room with two double beds was fine, though hair dryer didn't work properly. My room was at the back of the hotel, so didn't notice any traffic noise from Cromwell Road. Location is excellent just across the road from Gloucester Road tube station. Booked through Holiday Inn website on a rate including breakfast. Decided not to take breakfast in the morning, so was not charged on the final bill for it, (Gold star to the hotel for that one, because I didn't ask them to do it).	
Mar 5 2007 	Okay hotel	Nothing really to say about this place. The bathroom smelled abit like sewage gas when I walked in. The tub looked as if it had not been cleaned from the last occupant as well. The location, though, is great. It is located near Gloucester Road Tube Station as well as the V&amp;A.	
Mar 4 2007	Excellent location	We booked this hotel about two months in advance using Hotwire. For the price it could not be beat at $89 US dollars a night. We stayed six nights. Waitrose, a grocery store, is right next door and there is an empty fridge for your usage in each room. There is a Internet cafe on Cromwell road right across the street with very reasonable rates. Just walk in and sit down at a PC. You pay when you are finished. Down the street is a coin laundry and dry cleaners. Tip, doing laundry is expensive. They have two different front load washers at 3.60 and 4.60 pounds. Basically $7.20 - $9.40 a load US plus detergent. The dryers cost 10 pence for 3 minutes of runtime. If you go around the corner from the laundrymat there is a larger grocery store called Salsburys. You can purchase detergent and food here or at Waitrose. The underground station is very close next to Waitrose. One last tip, you enter the hotel from the back not the front of Cromwell street. Make sure the cabbie takes you to the proper hotel. There is another Holiday Inn at 100 Cromwell. The address for this hotel is right out front. Cheers!	
Feb 5 2007 	okay	Thought this hotel was just 'okay'. It didn't seem to have any atmosphere. Cannot fault the location and the breakfast was good and I have to agree it was lovely to have a room overlooking that lovely garden, very unusual in London.Probably would stay here again.	
Feb 3 2007 	Good value and good location -- good for kids	We stayed here with our two young children. We picked the hotel as it was 100 metres from Cromwell Road tube on the direct rail line from Heathrow. The tube station is a bit tricky if you have a few suitcases but we managed. There as several supermarkets and take ways within a minutes walk and the sightseeing hop off and on bus stop is a 2 minutes walk away. The rooms were clean but by the time you have 2 queen size beds a bit squashy, but we did not spend much time in the room anyway. The room overlooked a lovely garden courtyard. I could not complain about the price. We booked 2 weeks in advance through the Holiday Inn website and is was only 80 pounds per night. A bargain for London Hotels that can accomodate families.	
Jan 19 2007 	Excellent Hotel for Families	We used this hotel as a stopover when we went down to Olympia Horse Show and to see The Sound of Music.There were six of us in the party, my friend and I each had two children with us. This hotel has an exellent location, just across the road from the underground (Gloucester Road). We booked two duplex rooms which consisted of a double bedroom upstairs and a sofa bed downstairs.I would definately recommend these rooms, plenty of space for 2 adults and 2 children. The rooms were modern, clean and pleasently decorated. When we arrived the rooms had been set out nicely to accommodate our party. My friend advised reception that her room smelt of stale smoke. Within minutes a cheery lady arrived and aired the room and left a note of apology. Breakfast was buffet style and food was good quality and plentiful with fast and efficient service to the table.Reception was quick and the concierge helpful.This hotel is ideal for families as it is clean, modern and very child friendly. I will definately use it again.	
Jan 1 2007 	Great stay	We stayed for just one night, NYEve 2006 (me, my wife, our daughter (3) and our son (5 months)).Location: totally, totally fantastic. Opposite Waitrose, opposite Gloucester Rd tube station, very close to great museums, lovely villagey feel, lots of great places for coffee and had a fantastically atmospheric meal in Ask pizza restaurant across the road - really good for family-atmosphere, NYEve meal.Room: had a family room which consisted of 2 double beds and a travel-cot. Room was fine &amp; bathroom very clean and nice. Had specified non-smoking when booking with hoteldirect: It stank of cigs but we couldn't be bothered to complain, so more fool us. Paid £140 inc full breakfast for 1 night. Corridors were indeed boiling.Staff: interesting. Rather unfortunate manner from one of reception staff on check in when we arrived at 11.30 am (admittedly very early):Me: I'd really like to check in at 2 as we've got two small children.Receptionist: Poopph! You'll be lucky. Maybe.... but don't get here at 2.01, wait for a bit..... In the end my room was ready when I asked at 1.30, and they did prove to be very friendly, especially when I took my little boy down to meet them. Just poor at dealing with slight stress it would seem.Staff 2: Asked for some Marmite at breakfast. First waiter: zero comprehension. Second waiter: brought marmalade. Forget it. It's a british thing.Unavoidable, yet annoying, incidents: fire alarm went off at 215am-ish. My god it was loud. Like idiots we ended up in pyjamas freezing at the bottom of the fire exit. Nightmare!Helpful doormen with our pushchair.No bottle opener. Mini-bar predictably ridiculous, price-wise. £2.50 for a can of coke. I decided to eat £5 notes instead.But no... I'm picking on many quite small negatives here. We had a really great time. Stylish and comfortable bar, even with kids, room was fine, and fantastically filling and delicious breakfast. Again, brilliant location.Would certainly stay again.	
Jan 1 2007 	Consistently A Good Choice	This is our third time at this hotel and it is always reliably what we expected. The location is terrific if you want to be across the road from the tube and in a neighborhood with lots of restaurants, museums and shopping in a ten minute by foot radius. The hotel is quiet, particulalry if you ask for a garden facing room. Rooms are of a decent size for London and if you book ahead using the hotel web site can be had for about 100 pounds with breakfast. The rooms are getting a bit worn but they are more than adequate and are roomy for London. Breakfast has lots of choices but is served in a tired room with no character. Staff are friendly and accomodating. We plan to stay again if we have the opportunity!	
Jan 1 2007 	Great	-book from hotel website (4-6 weeks before cant remember) in the rate 122-123 pounds/room including vat-we had already paid for full payment before coming to the hotel but when we checked in, they asked for a deposit 50 pounds/night. You can either deposit by cash or credit card.Anyway, they'll give you back when you check out if you do not use any facilitiesnot including in room rate.-This hotel is very near tube station(Gloucester Road) about 2-3 min. There are blue, yellow and green lines passed.-We requested to stay in the room next to each other (i think there is no connecting room) and face the garden view and we got them all for 3 rooms-bedroom is perfect!!-for bathroom, i dont like the shower that attached to a wall fortunately, the water flow in this hotel is very strong and warm to hot enough-toilet roll is better than holiday inn regent's park-it's very quiet at night-one thing, just the ice machine in front of the lift is broken -there is post office near hotel also bank, tesco, starbucks, kfc, burgerking etc. -all in all, i give 4 for holiday inn kensingtoni recommend!!	
Dec 26 2006 	Great hotel	My son and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Kensington for 1 night in November for the 'Video Games Live' production in Hammersmith Apollo. When we arrived at 4.30 pm our room was not yet ready which was obviously disappointing but we were offered a complimentary drink whilst we waited. There were also 2 other families waiting for their rooms which didn't bode well for our stay. Our room was ready about 40 minutes later and when we got to our room, we were pleasantly surprised as it was great with 2 double beds and was very clean.I had booked through the Holiday Inn via telephone and was charged 111 for 1 night + 17.5% vat which I thought was very reasonable as it was a deluxe room but the prices behind the reception desk were nothing like that (250 for deluxe room!!).Apart from the waiting for room, I would definitely recommend this hotel as it was just around the corner from Gloucester Road tube station but advise people to ring up the Holiday Inn for the best rate.	
Dec 23 2006 	Love Kensington area good hotel	We have just returned from a week at the holiday inn Kensington.the positive:location: 1 minute to the tube, a lot of shops and restaurants ( recommend the Organic for nice pizza and pasta and Paul for cakes and bread.Nice and well kept rooms, good beds, very quiet ( garden view )Nice lobby and very good breakfast, 15 pounds, only if you get included in the room price, if not go to Paul cafe.The staff was nice.the negative: Poor air condition, noisy but not effective, it was cold, but they fixed it, not completely,Very old bathroom, need remodeling- urgent.Hair dryer- old and stop working every few minutes.Overall I would stay again, love Kensington area.	
Dec 21 2006 	Fantastic base for exploring great garden view	A group of friends stayed here, as we were going to an event at the Albert Hall nearby. Quick check in, once our rooms were ready at 2pm (bags left safely at concierge until then). Only downside of the whole experience was that the first room we were first given smelt overpoweringly of vomit, but staff quickly re-allocated us a room, even though, I suspect, it was fully booked.The whole hotel was light, airy and comfortable, and the staff were incredibly helpful and polite. The breakfast was a treat, and set us up for the day. The bar at night was lively and safe, and all facilities such as washrooms were clean and well looked after.Our twin room was very spacious, and we had a lovely view of the back garden. It was so peaceful and quiet, I slept in longer than I have for many months - bliss, and very unexpected in a London city-center hotel!!I'll definitely come back here again, and next time bring my children to do the London sights. Great value, and a real find.	
Nov 18 2006 	My favourite English Hotel - very London very Good	Stayed here many times for work and a few times for pleasure this review is for October 2006.The hotel is made up of a row of georgian Town houses all made into one and is on Oxford Road opposite Waitrose near the junction with Gloucester road.The rooms vary from good to magnificent and if you are planning to be there of a weekend, Join the priority club and get someone to call ahead with the number, check in about 1.30 and you have every chance of an upgrade, but be nice, they get asked all the time.We had a standard room this time, very comfortable, 2 double beds and cable tv (limited channels).The hotel restaurant is magnificent and they have one of the finest hotel chefs in Britain, the evening meals are superb (kids eat free too) and the bar snacks are not &quot;good value&quot; they are cheap! Breakfast is pricey but a full greasy english is available at any one of the bistro's nearby and Sunday morning is a real occasion when everyone eats at the cafe's reading papers and glugging endless coffee top ups until noon.Thehotel has a lovely garden but this is really a summer thing obviously and we opted for the hot tub.Best tip for tourists... after 1.30 on Saturday until 8AM sunday local street parking is FREE, the entire weekend cost me a whopping £3.50 to park my people carrier just outside the Kensington Forum, 30 yards from the hotel we were in.Location - this hotel has itIt's on the Circle line and 30 yards from the station at Gloucester road. Also on the picadilly line.For you foreigners out there this means you won't spend your entire budget on taxi's Gloucester road has great links toHeathrow, Harrods, Leicester Square (Theaters) Oxford Street (shops) Picadilly Circus, Knightsbridge (Harrods) Tower Hill (erm, the tower) Sloane Square (shops) Earls Court, Notting Hill, and even Green Park for the Palace.On a nice day you can walk down Oxford road, past the museums (all free) to the Albert Hall and the Albert memorial, Through the park and rotten row to emerge at Buckingham Palace, Down the Mall to Whitehall taking in Trafalgar Square, then down Whitehall to Westminster and the houses of parliament at the side of the Thames, and do it in about 40 minutes stroll.At night, the area around the hotel buzzes with activity without being loud or loutish and if it's fine,it's just such a nice place to wander around.Last place for tourists before you go home is Camden Lock, take the northern line to Camden (just in zone 2), turn right out of the station and walk 100 yards to the market, then another 200 yards to Camden lock.Camden is now and has always been whay Carnaby street pretended to be in the 60's, Punks and Posers, grebs, Skins and teddy boys all hang out in one huge human salvador dali abstract.On Sunday, the electric ballroom is home to someof thebest party clothes you can get.Nowhere in Britain comes closer to a Bangkok night market, trust me, I've shopped at both.Back to the hotelYes they will look after your bags for free if you get there early (6 am is my record and they let me have the room at 8!) and yes you can leave your bags there after you check out , no you don't have to pay but if it isn't worth a fiver to you than you need to get out more!Shop around for rates, I book direct or use Lonsdale travel (tell them you work as a consultant for Royal Mail) and pay about £80 for a weekend night - room rate - no breakfast.Enjoy	
Nov 13 2006 	Great Hotel Perfect Location	Very pleased with this hotel, location could not have been better with museums and other attractions within walking distance. The Underground station was only across the road making the whole of London easy to get to from here.Staff were very helpful and the room was above average. My only advice is that if breakfast is not included in the price of your room,it is £13 per person, however there is a lovely cafe (painted pink) across the road which is very good value.	
Nov 13 2006 	Delightful hotel for families	If you have children and are on holiday or on a short break in London you will be very lucky to find a better hotel in this price range. A word of caution first - there are two Holiday Inns in Cromwell road almost opposite each other - one is a high rise monstrosity, this is the rather more attractive, five floor building on the opposite side of the road,It really is a delighteful hotel. Modern, clean, with attentive staff, good food and a lovely garden (complete with old Church) in the rear grounds. One particular problem with London hotels trying to find family rooms that are not a standard bedroom with bunk beds or sofa beds thrown in as an afterthought. This hotel has two options-a duplex room over two floors with bed -settee or a larger single room with two queen sized beds. The duplex rooms are excellant but if your children are in their teens thay may not be comfortable on the bed-settees. Our room overlooking the garden was clean and comfortable. Check-in was quick and easy, and all the staff we came across were helpful and couteous. There are ice machines on each floor and a Gym on one of the lower floors. Breakfast was a serve-yourself buffet but with plenty of choice and remarkably good food which was freshly cooked and reguarly replaced. Parking is available (at a price of course) but the position of the hotel is another bonus - just down the road from the Natural History and V&amp;A museums, a short walk to harrods and opposite a tube station. Only downside was corridors that were clearly aiming for the &quot;Hottest-possible-hotel-corridor-in-London&quot; award. (Why are so many London hotels like this?).But overall, we could not recommend this hotel more highly and it represents superb value for money.	
Nov 13 2006 	Great stay	We ( a family of 3 ) stayed at this hotel in Oct for 4 nights. We booked the stay direct from the Holiday Inn web site, due to the reviews we'd read on here, and were happy with the outcome. ( it was a lot cheaper than doing it thru a travel agent here in Aus ) To start with we had a few minor hiccups. Our flight landed at Heathrow at 6am, so after catching the Heathrow Express train we were at the hotel by 8am. Sadly for us ( and a very tired 8 year old) we were told we could not have our room until 2pm, so we wandered off to Hyde Park to kill some time in the fresh air. By mid day we were dead on our feet after a 30 odd hour trip, so we plonked our selves down in the lobby and waitied. Not long after that we were given a room, only to find after we used the security card and entered it, another family were relaxing on their beds... It could have been worse if we'd interupted people doing other things ... *laugh* Once this was sorted we were given a room on the same floor (2nd) which had two double beds and a lovely view over the gardens. Room was large and clean with mini bar/ fridge and tea &amp; coffee making facilities. Bathroom had shampoo &amp; such, and also a note saying if you needed anything else just to ask. We'd taken everythihg with us, so we were OK.Only other small problem was some of the front desk staff seemed to struggle with the English language. We only really noticed this when trying to make a phone call and needing assistannce - it was hard for us to get out point across.Location wise, this hotel is in a great little spot. We walked for miles every day, and seeing as we were just soaking up the surrounds we'd not even think about how far we'd gone.There's a lovely little restaurant / cafe` sort of opposite, called &quot;The Patisserie&quot;. We ate breakfast there each day and also had a couple of evening meals when we were too tired to venture further.Also, just down from there is a stop for 'The Big Bus' tour, so that's nice and close too. ( I would suggest anyone on a holiday in London to do this tour as you get to cover so much ground and you can hop on and off when ever you like - and it's valid for 24hrs) All in all a great stay - and yes, if we get back to England again, we'd probably stay again at the Holiday Inn Kensington.	
Nov 11 2006 	Great hotel - Great location	The Holiday Inn Kensington more than met my expectations. I stayed for 9 nights in October of 2006. This was my second trip to London and I was spoiled on my first trip by being able to stay in Mayfair. This time around I was traveling with my grandmother and great-aunt who are in their 80's. So I had to find a room with two double beds that was close to a tube station. Finding a room with two double beds is a big challenge in London but this hotel really delivers. Not to mention that the the Glouster Road tube station is right across the street!I did have one problem during my stay at check-in with the room not being ready. We arrived around 1PM and were told that the room was not ready since check-in is 2PM. They let us store our bags so we went to a little restaurant and got something to eat and then walked around a bit and returned a little after 2PM. Room still was not ready and we were asked to sit in the bar area. There were several people waiting for a room just like we were. At 3:30 I went back to the desk and explained that at this point we had been up for over 26 hours and just wanted to lay down. Within about 10 minutes our room was ready. Not sure if it just worked out that way or if my complaining did the trick. So just be prepared to not have your room ready.Front desk staff is friendly and very helpful. My grandmother lost her wallet on our second day there. The front desk clerk let me use the computer in the business center for free so that I could look up the telephone numbers for the credit card companies to report the stolen cards. I thought this was especially nice since they could have very well told me to use the internet access in the room which you have to pay for.I booked an Executive Room with 2 double beds and requested a room that faced the garden/courtyard and the request was granted. We also had a plate of fresh fruit delivered to the room the first day which was nice. The room was very, very spacious for London standards. Not quite as big as rooms here in the US but pretty darn close. The room was absolutely spotless every day. They initially only stocked the room for two - 2 towels, 2 glasses, etc. But a quick call to housekeeping got the problem fixed and we had all we needed for the rest of our stay.One note on the refrigerator in the room. There is a small, and I do mean small, space for personal food items. You can fit about 2 cans of soda pop in it. Everything else is attached to a sensor so if you move it, you'll get charged.Also our hairdryer was a bit strange in that you had to hold in a button to make it stay on. It made it difficult for me to use so I went across the street to Boots (see description below) and bought a small travel hairdryer for 6 pounds. It was a very worthwhile purchase for me.We did not eat at the hotel as it is very expensive -- even breakfast is something like 15 pounds per person which is approximately $30 USD. However, good restaurants are nearby. We ate breakfast every morning at The Patisserie which is just catty-corner from the hotel (bright raspberry color paint on the front). This little cafe has fresh squeezed orange juice that is fabulous. A little pricy at 2 pounds a glass but well worth it. Each morning for pastries, oj, and coffee for 3 our bill was about 15 pounds. The staff is very friendly and on our last day the manager served us all french toast as a good-bye treat at no charge. Directly across the street is Garfunkels. Not a spectacular place but decent food - kind of like a tamed down TGI Friday's restaurant with lots of Americanized foods on the menu. There is also a nice Italian restaurant (I can't remember the name) about a block and a half down Cromwell Road. Turn right out of the hotel door -- you can't miss it.Also there is a Waitrose in the mall/arcade directly across the street which sells groceries -- perfect for grabbing some snack food to take along during the day. Also there is a small Boots store (like CVS or Walgreen's in the US) where you can pick up any kind of medicine or toiletries you might need. This is a very small Boots store but perfectly functional.Glouster Road tube station is directly across the street which was very handy -- and 3 lines run through it so you can get almost anywhere in London very quickly. It contains the Piccadilly, Circle and District lines. If you're going to be there for 3 days or more, I recommend getting a travel card prior to arrival. It makes life much simpler.I would recommend this hotel to anyone. It may not be the cheapest but it's worth every penny. The neighborhood is almost always bustling so I never felt unsafe, even after dark. If you're looking for a clean, comfortable (the beds were very comfortable and not as hard as a brick) and safe place to stay, the Holiday Inn Kensington is what you're looking for!!	
Nov 11 2006 	Great hotel great location	One reason we chose this hotel was the reviews on TripAdvisor. We just finished four nights and were completely satisfied - helpful staff, modern accommodations, fantastic location. We requested a garden duplex to be off the busy Cromwell Road, but none were available when we checked in. We thought we would move but didn't because the double windows and drapes kept the room very quiet even during rush hour. We stayed in the duplex with two adults and two teenage children. There was plenty of room and we had a great time.Good location with lots of restaurants and great access to transportation - the Underground stop is across the street. The little Thai Taste just west of the hotel and Black and Blue just past the tube station were excellent food at reasonalbe prices.We will definately stay there when we return to London.	
Nov 7 2006 	Good stay at the Kensington	My husband and I stayed at the Holiday Inn London Kensington from 2nd November to the 5th November and were very impressed.We had booked direct on their website and got an advanced internet deal which was cheaper than any other website. When we arrived we checked in straight away and were in our room an hour after stepping off the train at Euston. The room was a pleasant surprise after the complaints in some of the reviews. We had a HUGE bed, large bathroom with good shower, a little sitting area, mini bar and tea making facilities. There was no view out of the window (we were at the front on the 6th floor) but we didnt come here to look out of the window. The room was clean, as were the sheets and towels (towels were changed every day). The service is not excellent, reception felt a little standoffish but to be honest I only met them twice - checking in and checking out and it went smoothly enough. We didnt take breakfast as at £12.95 per person it was way too expensive and instead frequented a small cafe across the road which was superb. Compared to cheaper hotels in London this place was fantastic, it is a budget hotel to an extent - not 5 star luxury and I think that people just expect far too much. We had nothing to complain about, the service in the bar was great and if we needed any help with directions or tickets the concierge was very helpful .I would recommend to anyone going to London to stay here, the area is lovely, it is close to the tube on 3 lines and to be honest if you come to London to stay in your hotel and not spend every minute out and about then pay more money and get the luxury you want. We thought it was great!!!	
Nov 3 2006 	Room sizes and quality vary extremely	My family of 4 stayed in this hotel back in the summer. I held off posting a review until I was able to first contact Holiday Inn. It seems the majority of folks post great reviews but if you read through the reviews you'll find a few of us have had negative experiences. I hope this email will explain why. Beware...the quality and the size of the rooms size can be extremely different. I stayed at this hotel at two different times and checked into 3 different rooms. On our first 3 night stay, we had a wonderful room overlooking the garden. Overall the room was clean, some mold on the bathroom tiles and the air conditioning was questionable.We checked back in after a trip to the country and were given Room 417...what a disappointed from the last room. The room faced the street and was so small we had to keep some of luggage in the bathroom and we pack light! The next day we were able to change to Room 419 for the next 4 nights. Again the room faced the street and was a bit bigger but paled in comparison with our original garden view room. The mattresses were larger than the box springs (queen mattresses on double boxsprings?) and were discoloured and torn. Yuk! The air conditioning worked well in both rooms. The toilets in all the rooms were a pain to flush. The staff was standoffish at best. This hotel has great potential with it's premium location. I cannot tell you how disappointing it was to stay in a bad room after our large garden view room experience. If you can book a club room or guarante a garden room...go for it, otherwise beware...there are rooms that are substandard in size and quality. I used some of my Holiday Inn Elite points for 5 out of the 8 nights I stayed at the hotel. I don't know it this played into the type of room I was given. The manager of the hotel never responded to me at the hotel or in writing after the stay. To thier credit, Holiday Inn issued 15k points to my account after a complaint was filed. Would I stay here again...no. The experience was too disappointing to chance again. The indifference of the staff didn't help. The positive reviews far out number the negative reviews leading me to suspect the number of good rooms far out number the bad rooms. Good luck.	
Oct 30 2006 	Close to everything good value for London	We spent the final 4 days August 30 - September 2, 2006) of our England trip in London, and stayed at the Holiday Inn in Kensington. We had a family room, which was 2 double beds. The room was clean, smoke free and proved to be quite quiet as well. Our room was not facing Cromwell Street, so if you are given an option, it may be best to go with the non facing rooms.We had a special, whereby breakfast was included, and covered two adults and two children...was a good way to start the day...good food, not great, but filling. Price was around 100 pounds per night...not bad with the breakfast included.Close to the tube (subway) - just across the street, and walking distance to Kensington Palace, various museums, and even the theatre district if you are up for a walk. We would recommend the Holiday Inn, and would stay there again if we are back in London.	
Oct 30 2006 	A great weekend break in a nice hotel	Stayed at the hotel on October 27 - 29th. Hotel is a great base for touring London. Close to the Gloucester Road tube station, approximately 100m from the Hotel. Plenty of eating places nearby, including ASK, Garfunkels, an Indian Restaurant and Pizzerias. Waitrose and a 24hr Tesco if you need anything for your travels.Rooms in the Hotel were good and were fine for two adults and two children. The breakfasts were good with plenty of choice available. There is a nice garden to the rear of the property adjacent to the hotel bar. Whilst the weather was reasonable the garden was not available on the evening, but in the summer I am sure it would be nice for the children. All in all we enjoyed our stay.	
Oct 26 2006	Not as nice as last time we stayed there.	We last stayed at this hotel 2 years ago and were very impressed with its location and the facilities on offer. We returned again this week for a three night break and were rather less impressed this time.Obviously, the location has not changed. Its ideal. Close to the tube station and within walking distance of local landmarks, restaurants and shops. However, we felt that the hotel had declined somewhat since our last visit. Firstly, the room left a little to be desired. It was not as clean as we would have liked. Dusty corners, mould and mildew in the bathroom and a VERY threadbare carpet. Also, the breakfast was very basic with a limited choice of cereals and fruit and a very greasy cooked option. The hotel was busy and the waiting staff were continually hovering, snatching your dish or plate out from underneath you the moment you put your cutlery down. They obviously wanted to get us out as quickly as possibly so they could get the next family in. Finally, I returned home with several very itchy insect bites around my ankles and on my arms!. I cannot say for sure that I got them in the hotel, especially as none of the rest of the family have them but, as a precaution everything we brought back has gone in the washing machine on a very hot wash!!! Be warned!!!!	
Oct 24 2006 	Fine once we got to the room!	Check in time was given as 3pm. We arrived at 4pm and finally got to the room at 5pm. We were given a complimentary drink in the bar during the wait, but the delay was inconvenient and meant that our plans for the rest of the day were disrupted. Very little apology was offered for the inconvenience. The room itself was good with two double beds and all of the expected facilities. The air conditioning was moderately effective. Breakfast was mostly good, although the dining area was rather small and crowded. I'd have accepted the delay had there been a proper apology, so only an &quot;average&quot; rating for this Holiday Inn.	
Oct 17 2006 	Great Place for the Price	My wife and I just returned after a week in England (10/7/06 thru 10/14/06). We stayed in a paid for room in Windsor for 5 nights before staying at this hotel for 2 nights. We booked this hotel based on the other reviews from users in this forum and the fact that it was not too expensive. At first, I was a little apprehensive about selecting a Holiday Inn because I have always had the notion that they where a &quot;cheap&quot; hotel. However, nothing could be further from that idea. As others state, you cannot beat the location. By foot, it is just minutes away from some of the top London attractions and the tube stop (Gloucester Station) is literally across the street. There are a handful of restaurant choices and a Tesco (Grocery Store) right there as well. We ate one night at the Fish and Chips place (not too great) and our last night at The Green Door (very pricy). The room is nice and comfortable and has A/C (or an air cooled fan system). There is a mini fridge with a small space for your own items, a hairdryer and trouser press. High-speed internet access is available for an additional fee (get the 24 hour bundle package for better rates, but it is still around $24 U.S.). The beds where comfortable and the shower had decent water pressure. We did not eat at the in house restaurant, so I cannot give a review for it. The staff was nice and helpful. Contrary to another recent review, the bell staff did help us with our bags at the door and brought them to our room promptly. My only complaint would be that the room was a bit narrow, particularly between the bed and the desk. If you sat at the desk, it was hard to get in and out because of the bed's location. In addition, the shower/bathtub was also narrow because of a handrail that sticks out a bit. Nevertheless, it is all manageable. I would definitely stay here again and for a longer period of time.	
Oct 12 2006 	Good but.....	Stayed 10 Sept - 15 Sept 2006 - Yes its true what the other reviews say about this hotel, great location, good size rooms, close to the tube and tourist attrctions (would be hard to beat it on these grounds). But I had this feeling that as we were a family group (2 adults and two children aged 4 and 7) we were a little let down on the service side and may be given the budget family room. On our arrival we struggled into the foyer with our luggage and tired children as the concierge just looked on. No help was offered. Then the booking clerk said that our bags would be taken up to our room , waited for over 20 minutes no action had to go the foyer to pick them up myself (luggage had not moved!)The room was a decent size but in need of some rennovation, carpet was thread bare and mattresses were in need of replacement, no support resulting in bodies rolling into centre and requiring the police rescue sqaud to extract you in the morining. As we had a room facing the courtyard we experienced no annoying traffic noise. Yes, I would stay here again (and recommend this hotel), but hotel staff please apply some of your London hospitality on the holidaying families not just the business suits!	
Oct 9 2006 	H.Inn Great location	We stayed at this hotel on consecutive weekends in October 2006. The rooms are spacious and we found them very clean. Our first stay in a courtyard view room was quieter, however; the windows keep the noise out on the street side as long as you can keep them closed. Location is very convenient to the underground as it is right on the lines from Heathrow and the major sites in to central London. There are local restaurants and pubs and we highly recommend a small coffee house on the west side of Gloucester, south of the underground station. Food and coffee was excellent and less expensive than the Burger King/KFC chains. Sorry, never got the name of the place. It was open late until the evening as well.Only warning is the bar fridge is automated so there is not a lot of space inside for your personal use.Overall a good choice for any traveller.	
Oct 7 2006 	Executive Room (NOT)	We booked our stay through the Holiday Inn website. They lost our first booking and when we enquired about it they did not know what we were on about. So we made another booking and as soon as that was confirmed we were charged twice.We arrived early at the hotel. We did not get a very pleasent welcome from reception. The staff looked like they did not want to be there and were lacking some customer relations. We enquired about checking in but a room was not available for us. We had to wait for 2hours to get a room. We had booked an executive room and were looking forward to a lie down and to freshen up after travelling all morning. When we got to our room it was cramped, the sides of the bed had stains on them which looked like sick, there was someone elses hairs on the pillows. I was going to take a shower but when i took out the slippers that they provide they were not clean and had more hairs in them.We rang reception as we were obviously not happy with the room. The manager came up to us within a few minutes and told us that hairs do get on the linen in the wash room and that the stains had been tested on the bed and were safe to sleep in. We were then moved to another room which was much better. It was a big improvment of the first room that we were allocated. The bar in the hotel was lovely, bright and spacious with marble floors and comfortable couchs and chairs which nice to relax in.The location of the hotel was excellent it was just around the corner from the tube and they was shops nearby.Our stay overall was okay apart from the few problems at the start.	
Sep 27 2006 	Your home away from home	Recently returned from an extended overseas trip.First time to London &amp; after reading numerous reviews on Trip Advisor about various hotels in London we were concerned after reading about old tiny rooms &amp; small bathrooms,as 3 of us were travelling together,my wife &amp; myself plus a 24 year old niece.Anyhow,after reading all the great reviews about this hotel,we booked on line and got the 14 day advanced purchase rate (booked some months ahead).This rate turned out to be an excellent room rate,95 pounds per night,NOT per person rate,in a great location close to Gloucester Road Station (South Kensington) plus all other conveniences,including laundromat &amp; internet cafes close by.If staying here over an extended stay (we stayed 10 days in late April &amp; another 4 days at the end of May,before we left for Rome) it is advisable to get a courtyard room if available.The rooms &amp; bathrooms we had on both occassions were very big (so I believe) for London Standards.My wife &amp; I shared a double bed &amp; our niece had a double bed to herself The beds were very comfy &amp; there was heaps of room for our luggage (and we had a lot as we were on a 4 month trip).We had no problem with A/C although on 2 nights it did become a bit noisy around 1 AM.All Staff were exceptional from the cleaners up.Nothing was too much trouble for the Cosmopolitan Staff at reception,which made your stay even more enjoyable.Wouldn't even bother looking for another hotel if we ever return to London.This is the place for us &amp; for you!A few tips,if staying in London for at least a week,make sure you buy your oyster card at the station for the underground as soon as you arrive.It works out a lot cheaper then buying daily tickets plus this way you don't have to wait in those long lines to buy your daily ticket,which will drive you mad.Also be warned postal charges from the UK are very expensive,a 5 1/2 kilo parcel to Australia cost 70 pounds (boy that hurt).If going to Paris wait till then to post,as a pre paid international 7 kilo box (which you have to make up) costs only 36 Euros,which equates to approximately 25 pounds (a big difference).Enjoy your stay at this home away from home hotel.Oh I forgot,used the on site gym on a few occassions as well,which was really good &amp; convenient.	
Sep 18 2006	Great Location Great Price	We only stayed at this hotel for one night at the beginning of our 2 weeks in Europe but we were pleased with the Holiday Inn Kensington! The location was fantastic. Right across the street from the Glouchester Tube (turn left as you leave the station and walk to the corner, you'll see it on the left), which was very convenient. There is a drugstore, post office, Starbucks, ATM and bakery all within a block. A supermarket is also down the street (if leaving the hotel, turn right and walk approx 1/2 mile or so). Our room was very clean and roomy for 4 adults. I requested and received a nice room in the back facing their peaceful courtyard. The toilet did get stuck a couple of times but after waiting a few mins, we tried to flush again and it worked. We were able to walk to Harrod's department store and also to Buckingham Palace from the hotel ~ wear good walking shoes! And be careful crossing the street since the hotel is on a very busy street. Check, then double check to make sure that you won't be hit by any cars! Otherwise, highly recommended!!	
Sep 14 2006 	Absolutely fantastic	Unbelievable value, location, and size for your money. A very long and fun trip ended with four nights in London at the HI South Kensington. I had stayed at the HI Kensington Forum during my last visit to London but this time I had to find a triple room, which the HI KF did not provide. I was thrilled to find that the HI SK did! I cannot say enough about this place - the location is perfect, right off of the Piccadilly line Gloucester Road stop. There is a Starbucks, a Waitrose, a patisserie, a KFC, a Tesco, and various other restaurants close. The Tesco is 24-hour. Hotel is exactly like a Holiday Inn in the states would be - which is what makes it so amazing for Europe! Beds were comfy, bathroom was awesome, TV with all local british stations. We didn't eat at the restaurant, but instead went to Waitrose and picked up breakfast items.	
Sep 11 2006	Location Location Location!!!!	Wonderful hotel in an awesome location! The Holiday Inn Kensington was everything we had hoped for and more. Our family of 4 (2 adults and 2 teens) had a great time in London from Aug 9th – 19th. The hotel did not have a kitchenette, but we made due on a tight budget. We brought with us snacks, plastic dishware and a collapsible nylon ice bag that was large enough to hold milk, drinks, snacks, etc. Every morning we ate cereal in our room, made peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and headed off for a full day of fun and adventure around town. For dinners, we ate in restaurants or purchased dinner items from the local markets and ate in our room. It was so nice to have the Gloucester Tube Station just across the street. It made getting around London a breeze. The hotel was clean and the employees were friendly and helpful. We purchased 6-day London Passes online before going to London. They too were a great buy! We were able to fill our days with the very best of London’s sites and sounds without worrying about the cost of each activity. A friend recommended using our ATM while in London. Great advice…there are ATM machines all over London, including Heathrow Airport and three on the corner near the Holiday Inn. If you’re thinking of booking this hotel, do it!!!	
Aug 24 2006 	Perfect for all of our needs	Our family of four (2 kids) stayed at the Holiday Inn Kennsinton for one week in August. The location is great, short walk to the Glouster tube station, which serves the Picadilly, District, and Central lines. Room very clean, comfortable, with lots of pillows. We had a standard room with 2 full size beds with a view of the garden area, which I had requested. EXTREMELY quiet at night. The quietest hotel I ever stayed in. Staff young, but friendly and helpful. We arrived at 11:00am and could not check in yet, so our bags were put in a separate area away from the lobby. I had to get into our bags to grab our jackets, and the staff person made sure I had the right tags for the right bags, and watched while I accessed only our luggage. Made me feel good to know that he wasn't letting just anyone into the room to look through whatever pieces of luggage they felt like. Post office and exchange bank right next door. The post office will sell you a phone card to use to call US/ overseas if you need to. Much cheaper than calling from the room. Our cell phones did not work in the UK. No access/out of network. Tesco right across from the tube station which is open 24 hrs, and is like a 7-11. Full service grocery store called Sainsbury in opposite direction. Much cheaper to buy food from Tesco or Sainsbury and take it back to your room to eat than to eat in the hotel. Hotel is a straight shot from Heathrow. Just get on the Picadilly line right at Heathrow. Do not need to change tube lines, Picadilly will stop at Glouster tube station. No fears about pushing luggage in tube station and around town, you see everyone doing it. Buy a week pass for the tube stations for Zones 1 and 2, it will take you to all the major sites and is much less expensive than buying a pass each day. We went everywhere with our passes and had absolutely no troubles. Changed many tube lines and got around just fine. You will need to buy a separate pass to get you back to the airport as that is outside Zones 1 and 2. Would recommend and would stay there again.	
Aug 20 2006 	Should have booked here in the first place!	My family of 4 had originally booked this hotel for our stay in London due to the many positive reviews on this site, but then decided to stay at the Thanet Hotel instead because we were looking for charm and atmosphere. When we got to the Thanet, we found it unacceptable. Luckily, we were able to get back into the Holiday Inn Kensington, and even got to take advantage of a very cheap last-minute rate. Our stay there was lovely, with only a few minor problems.While we had originally booked a room with 2 double beds, there were none left, so we took a suite, number 211. The suite was on 2 levels, with a good-sized bathroom and a queen bed upstairs, and a very large living area with a sofa bed downstairs. The queen bed was extremely comfortable, but the sofa bed was not. In fact, one night, we ended up sleeping 3 in the queen bed because the sofa bed had a depression in the middle and the 2 girls kept rolling into each other. On the other hand, it was great having so much space, but be aware that the stairs from the upper level to the lower were quite narrow, and not suited to everyone. The room, including the bathroom, was very clean and nicely decorated. The air conditioning worked beautifully, despite our being in London during a heat wave. My children also really liked having their own room, and the little snacks (presumably for tea) that were provided at no cost.One minor thing that bothered me was the lack of a bedspread or quilt on the bed. (If you go to the hotel website, it shows bedspreads, but there were none in the room.) There was a duvet with a cover and that was all. No top sheet, either, although the duvet cover was white and did appear spotless. I'm sure it was clean, it was just a little off-putting to me.The light switches were also a bit tricky to figure out, and we kept turning the lights on or off in places we didn't mean to. The in-room internet gave us a little trouble as well, possibly because we had a Mac instead of a Windows-based PC, but the staff was extremely helpful and got us connected without much of a delay.Other reviewers complained of street noise, but even though our room was on a lower floor on the street side of the hotel, it never bothered us. The breakfast selection (included in our rate) was quite large, and much of it was very good, although I wouldn't recommend the eggs. Included was a large selection of very good pastries, cereal (3 kinds), toast, fresh fruit, cheese, yogurt, and more. We were able to go all day with just a small snack at lunchtime after eating breakfast at the hotel. The hotel garden, which you could see from the breakfast area, was gorgeous.Every time we asked for help, the staff was courteous, friendly, and quick to respond. The location of the hotel can't be beat, and next time I go to London, I'll book at the Holiday Inn Kensington straight off instead of waiting until the last minute!	
Aug 12 2006 	Great Hotel better than expected	Originally booked for 3 nts but ended up staying an extra nt as kids loved it so much. Stayed in their double duplex suite, best hotel room we have ever stayed in. 5 of us in the room with plenty of space, downstairs for the kids and a spiral staircase leading up to our space and 2 toilets, what a bonus!!! Location of the hotel was ideal, we did not attempt the tube but walked to the natural history museum and harrods. We had an evening meal in the hotel and found the food excellent, it was also a nice surprise to find out that kids under 13 eat free if staying in the hotel, so saving us money!! The rear garden was a lovely bonus, kids enjoyed running of energy while we enjoyed a glass of wine. Staff at the hotel were very helpful and polite. We had a full breakfast included in our room rate and the choice was brilliant everything from fruit to chocolate croissants to bacon and eggs, you need not go hungry!! Would definately stay there again and are already considering going back at christmas.	
Aug 11 2006 	Duplex rooms - super!	We stayed at Holiday Inn Kensington for 4 nights and were not disappointed. The duplex room with two bathrooms was wonderful and allowed parents and 2 teens to be close - but not too close. The room size and amenities were above my expectation. Clean and safe. Helpful desk staff. Coming out of the tube at midnight we were approached by some creepy characters, however this is to be expected in a major urban location. Despite fronting the street we heard no road noise. The location across from Gloucester Road Tube was truly convenient. Note the chemist's, grocery store, restaurant and coffee shop were directly across the street. Post office next door. We did not have breakfast included at the hotel, at GBP 12.95 per person it was beyond expensive. I was not able to get the breakfast included in my room rate. I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 6 2006 	Ten Nights in London	My daughter and I had a excellent time at the Holiday Inn. The staff was excellent and very helpful. The room was clean and quiet. The food was excellent. The hotel was close to the shoping areas and the underground. And it was also close to some of the museums. The staff was very helpfull in booking a tour to France for us and arranging a chauffer to go to some places.	
Aug 5 2006	Gem!	Holiday Inn KensingtonJune 2006: Coming in to London on my husband's business trip, we wanted to stay at a place that would allow us easy access to the sights but put us in a direct line to Wimbledon for the tennis. Although the reviews were very positive, the Holiday Inn brand made me cringe a little. However given the state of the dollar and my unwillingness to pay over $300/night, we booked it. The hotel was small and personable, asked for a Garden room and got it. The Garden is key and one reason I would come back with my kids. It was a big open, shaded area bordered by a charming little church. Quiet (can't hear the street - you can relax with a drink. Also the perfect place for kids to romp a little after a forced march through London. The room was quiet, clean, comfortable and seemed fairly new. Location is right! -- tube across the street, Waitrose (nice grocery store with wine!), Paul's (patisserie), Starbucks. Area seems more residential (and very French!) and still bustles on the weekends. Great area to go for a run (up to and around Kensington (Palace) Park. We'll be back.	
Jul 22 2006 	Great location in London	We just got back from staying at this hotel (July 2006), and we had a fairly average Holiday Inn stay with them.The hotel's location is its selling point: right across the street from the Gloucester tube station so you're only steps from getting anywhere in London via the Underground.We had a nice-sized room on the executive floor, however it wasn't ready when it was promised, the staff took a long time getting it ready for us (lots of story-changing as to the delay, etc.) and didn't really seem all that bothered by the fact that we were planted in the lobby for an hour or more waiting on it. In fact, my husband had time to go across the street and get his hair cut and it STILL wasn't ready after that.There was a problem with the toilet (it wouldn't flush) that got to the point where we called the front desk to be asked to move to another room. A fairly rude woman told me she'd call me right back. I'm still waiting on her call....We did use the concierge to make a dinner reservation and again, while he was slightly snippy and brusque, he did his just perfectly so kind of a wash there on attitude vs. service.There's an in-room safe which is nice for storing your passports, etc. while you're out and about.Our room rate included breakfast which was a typical breakfast buffet: you could fashion yourself a full-English breakfast or just have fruit and yogurt if you so desired.The hotel's bar opens onto a courtyard in back that abuts an old, stone church that is just lovely. It's a nice little garden area to sit in.A nice stay, a little bit of rudeness here and there, but overall, a fantastic location so I'd recommend.	
Jul 22 2006	Location is good	My husband and I stayed at both the Kensington and Kensington Forum Holiday Inn (the tall high rise across the street) in July 2006. Both are good location since it is 3 min. away from the subway and few blocks from the musemums. We prefer the Kensington Forum better even the room is a little smaller.The guest room has air-cooling at the Kensington, that means only cool air blows out and no temperature control where the Kensington Forum has the air- conditioning. It will make a difference when you encountered a heat wave in London. The mattress box at Kensington is not covered with a bed skirt and you can see the ugly stain all around and you wonder how old the bed is!The good thing with this hotel is that it is the only few hotels in London that can accomodate a family of four with 2 double beds.	
Jul 21 2006 	Fantastic Hotel for Families	We chose this hotel for our family trip to London based on all the good reviews from this site and I'm happy to say we were not disappointed. We stayed here for a week, traveling with our two young children (ages 5 &amp; 1) and this turned out to be the perfect hotel for families. The room was large by London standards with two double beds, small table w/ two chairs, a mini fridge (mostly for pay stuff, but there is a tiny space for occupants), a safe, and plenty of drawer/closet space. It was also very clean and had a large bathroom/tub. There was a heat wave in London during the time that we stayed here, but the air conditioning in our room worked just fine and we were cool and comfortable. (This was the one thing that we noticed in most bad reviews for this hotel, so we were relieved it wasn't an issue for us.) Our room faced the garden and was surprisingly quiet. The garden was very nice and a great place to let our kids run around for a bit while we drank our coffee in the morning.Like everyone mentions the location is really fantastic. Tube station, grocery store (with great takeout curries, sandwiches, etc.), drugstore, and Starbucks, all across the street. The Natural History Museum is within walking distance and was the perfect activity for our first very jet lagged day. The staff was super nice, especially to our children. My 5 year old threw up the third day we were there (just water luckily) and when I called housekeeping the maid came immediately and cleaned everything up and changed the bedding. We had some small issues that came up with our room (like the bathroom door handle was coming loose) and in every instance they sent someone up immediately, fixing it while we were out and about.Traveling with young children you tend to spend a lot more time in your room than you normally would, and this hotel also has room service and pay movies/internet, which proved to be useful for us. We had actually considered staying someplace a bit more &quot;posh&quot;, but I'm glad we didn't as the place felt so welcoming to our kids. We ate at the breakfast buffet a couple of mornings. It was expensive, but pretty good, with lots of offerings. The room service food was decent (though also pricey). We're vegetarians and had no difficulty finding stuff to eat. (Thankfully London/England is extremely veg friendly.) Upon leaving we had an early morning flight and the concierge set us up with a taxi no problem. Overall, we were very pleased with our stay at this hotel and would definitely recommend it to others.	
Jul 20 2006	Great Place to Stay	Our family of four (two adults and two teenagers) stayed at the Holiday Inn Kensington the first week of July. It was the first time in London for three of us. The hotel was very nice and clean. We had a two room suite and it was perfect. Parents stayed in the the upper bedroom. The sitting room downstairs with a sofa bed was used entirely by our teens. The hotel staff was great at giving us suggestions for quick meals in the area and finding the best shopping for two teenagers! . We could not have asked for a better location. The tube station was right across the street and there were numerous little cafes right around the corner. By using the hotel's website, we got a really good rate for our stay.	
Jul 19 2006	Holiday Inn London Kennsington is Great for kids!	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Kennsington for four nights in July 2006. This hotel is across the street from the tube station and was very convenient for getting around the town. The hotel rooms were comfortable and relatively large for Europe. We were even able to fit five people in the room with a rollaway bed! The gardens behind the hotel were the perfect place to unwind after a day of sightseeing. Our children could play and enjoy the fresh air while the adults enjoyed a drink on the patio. The staff were courteous and helpful. All in all, this was a great place for the start of our trip.	
Jul 12 2006	A very pleasant suprise	I confess to having had relatively low expectations of this hotel due to the fact that it is a Holiday Inn; I expected it to be clean, comfortable and distinctly lacking in character. I am happy to say that I was wrong, this may be a Holiday Inn but it felt like a boutique hotel with loads of class. The location is first-rate, with very easy access to the Underground while it is an easy walk to Kensington area attractions such as the Natural History museum and the Victoria &amp; Albert.The staff were helpful and cosmopolitan. The room was large for London and very comfortable. There was a funky control for the lights and AC but once we figured it out all was goodness. And the fact there was AC at all was a blessing; Britain, it should be noted, is the land that air conditioning forgot.While we only had breakfast at the hotel restaurant and so can fully not judge the quality of its offerings but that said, it was a pleasant experience. The private garden is accessible from the restaurant and makes a lovely location for breakfast.I highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for good value in London.	
Jul 9 2006	Great Value in London	Stayed here for 3 nights in early May, 2006. Great value (good prices if you book ahead via HI website). Rooms are large by London standards. Very clean. Mini bar is great for storing a juice or milk. Staff was friendly and helpful (we arrived at 8:00 am.....they stored our luggage for a couple of hours and let us check in early). Great location. You can easily walk to the V&amp;A. The hotel is across from the Tube station. We bought 3-day tube passes......excellent deal.....even gets you out to Greenwich. If you like to hike you can walk to many of the major sights in 45 minutes. Lots of grocery stores, pubs and restaurants nearby. We bought breakfast every morning at &quot;Paul's&quot; across the road. Highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 7 2006	Great Location!!	Just got back on 7/3/06 and stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. Excellent location!!! Across the street from Gloucester tube along with restaurants, mini mart, and drug store. Also post office, currency exchange, and souveneir shop right next door. All the attractions were a short distance. My husband, me, and our 13 year old neice stayed during part of the heat wave and while the air conditioning was not arctic like my husband and I like it, it was still quite comfortable for sleeping. We were in a room on the garden side and was quiet. The three of us definitely had enough space in the room to move around without feeling on top of one another. Would definitely stay at this hotel again!	
Jun 30 2006	Really is the best location	I booked this hotel on my first trip to London after reading the reviews on this site. The hotel really is in an ideal location -- right across the street you will find the Gloucester Road tube stop, a small grocery store, restaurants, and a drug store. There are some very good restaurants down the street and the area is very nice -- upscale and safe. It's in a very convenient location for siteseeing, as you can hop on the tube or pick up a tour bus right down the street. The Natural History Museum and Victoria &amp; Albert Museum are within walking distance, and Hyde Park is a longer walk away. The hotel staff were all very courteous and helpful. The common areas were clean and the rooms themselves were clean and a good size. We had three adults in one room and we were not cramped for space at all. The air conditioning, even at full blast, was not very cold, but fortunately we had a room that looked over the courtyard and could open our doors and that kept the room very comfortable. The water pressure in the shower was weak and the toilet sometimes would not flush due to low water pressure, but overall, we really enjoyed our stay and would definitely recommend.	
Jun 26 2006	Nice hotel great location	We booked this hotel through lastminute.com from their top secret hotel offer. We were a bit dubious about doing this, but it turned out to be ok. The hotel room was really nice, a pretty average size, and a good size bathroom, the bed was comfy too. We didn't have breakfast included but it was £15 per head if you did want it, we opted to have breakfast in one of the lovely cafes near the hotel instead which was great. The hotel is in a great location, just round the corner from Gloucester Road station &amp; walking distance from the musuems and Harrods, etc. The staff were pretty friendly, but bar was v. expensive!	
Jun 25 2006	Lovely hotel	My husband and I and our teenage son stayed here for 7 days in early June, during a heat wave. We had two &quot;superior&quot; rooms on the 3rd floor, and both of them had great air conditioning, so I don't know what the other reviewers are talking about. The rooms were large by London standards, very clean, overlooking a shady courtyard area away from the street. Do yourself a favor and book the room rate that includes breakfast ... huge breakfast buffet with hot and cold foods served in the hotel restaurant. It was worth every pence. Excellent location ... We would stay there again.	
Jun 14 2006	Would stay here again in a heartbeat!	Our family of four stayed in the Holiday Inn Kensington on May 29 to June 7, 2006. This was our first trip to England, and we couldn't of been happier. We arrived early in the morning before check-in and there was a room available for us right away. The room and bathroom are very spacious. There is a table with two chairs, and a mini-bar that allows you to store your own food or drinks. Be forewarned that the space allotted is the refrigerator is very small--perhaps room for a couple cans of coke. We accidentally knocked over a juice and tripped the sensor, and were charged. The front desk took it off our bill without a problem. There is plenty of space to hang clothing, and lots of drawer space available. There are adequate towels and linens, and housekeeping came everyday. The water pressure is great, and a few evenings it was nice to relax in the big tub. There is a bit of mildew on the tile in the bathroom--but it didn't bother us. It's stuffy in the bathroom because there isn't a way to leave the door open unless you prop a towel under the door or something. I requested an iron and ironing board at the beginning of our stay and the iron worked great. The mattresses were a bit thinner than we are used to, but completely adequate. We had a terrace with French doors, and a lovely garden view. When it became a little stuffy in the room we opened the doors. Actually, we opened the doors each morning because the view is so beautiful. The location of the Holiday Inn Kensington is fabulous. The Gloucester tube station that serves three lines is directly across the street. The Natural History Museum, the Victoria and Albert museum, Kensington Palace and Gardens, and Hyde Park are all in walking distance. We walked to Harrod's also from our location. Two Internet cafes are in very short walking distance. We used the one that is to your right if you are walking our the front entrance. It was a bargain at 80p per half hour. Waitrose, Boots pharmacy, Tesco, Kentucky Fried Chicken, Burger King are all across the street. We ate breakfast at a French cafe a couple mornings, and Starbucks came in handy too. Although good brewed coffee is hard to come by--it wasn't the same at Starbucks, so we stuck to tea. A couple evenings after a long day of sightseeing we bought a whole cooked chicken, a baguette, and some fresh strawberries or raspberries at Waitrose, and had dinner in the room. I highly recommend this because as a previous poster has commented--it's a great value and delicious. We also bought a couple pizzas to-go at 4.95 per pizza at a restaurant that is by Waitrose in the arcade. When we returned home, I asked my kids what there favorite thing about London was, and my five-year old said the hotel room! Not exactly the response I expected, but they were happy. We loved the Holiday Inn Kensington and can't wait to get back to London.	
Jun 12 2006	Great stay	This hotel is really a great option for the price in London. The design and the decor are really cool. The rooms and bathrooms are clean. We stayed in a suite with a spiral staircase and the kids loved it. The staff is very helpful and friendly.Location is what counts here too. Tube and bus stop just around the corner. Also the tour bus is around the corner.We had breakfast at the French bakery &quot;Paul's&quot; every morning. Seventh heaven !Everything is just wonderful in there. Forget about Starbucks !Nice Indian restaurants, Pubs and organic pizza place around the corner too.Walking distance to Kensington Palace and Hyde Park. Also the Natural History Museum is within walking distance.I will certainly stay there for my next London visit.	
Jun 4 2006 	Great hotel at a great price	Great hotel in London. Another person booked this hotel for me and when the name Holiday Inn was mentioned, I was not too exited about it. We drove from South England to London on a Friday night and the traffic was very heavy. When we arrived, we had to drop one of the guys at the Hotel entrance to get directions to find the parking garage to park our rental. When we found the garage, I was very impresed by the machinery inside (Ferraris, Porsches, Jaguars, etc.) Later I found out the reason for the cool cars in there. I had to pay 25 GBP per night to park!!. Nonetheless, the hotel was great, my room was 5 stars, and a tube station and a Starbucks right across the street. I could not ask for a better hotel. In all, a great experience.	
Jun 1 2006	Most Enjoyable Stay	I stayed 5 days (19 - 24 May, average temp 17°C) with my husband and 16 year-old son. We got a 2 double bedroom facing the courtyard. The room was very good and clean as described by other reviewers but their comments on bad air-conditioning were also correct, so do beware if you are going in summer season. To avoid the noise, we shut down the A/C and adjusted the room temp by opening and closing the window. Those were cool days after all. We have not dine in the hotel but tried Garfunkel across the road, we had tuna steak and grill chicken breat, both are too dry and tasted like sawdust(costed £20 before tips). We also tried a pork roast take-away from Waitrose, just opposite the restaurant, which is really good (2 thick slices costed £8). They also have roasted chicken (around £3.5 to 4 each whole) and we can buy very good cherry tomatoes and greens to make a quick salad ourselves. If the weather is fine, you can buy some sandwiches from the patisserie and picnic in Hyde Park which is 30 min walk from the hotel.We also had a false fire alarm at mid-night once and received an apology letter from management the next morning (A rate reduction or complimentary breakfast would have been better!!)Travelling to and from the hotel and Heathrow, Oxford Street, and train stations like Kings Cross, Paddington, etc are also very convenient. All in all, this hotel is good compared with the other London hotels we stayed in before. Will definitely stay in the hotel again in cool seasons but will think twice in summer!	
May 31 2006	Unbeatable location	I've stayed here twice now. I would give an average rating were it not for the location. Just walk across the street to the Gloucester Road tube station, across from the Big Bus open-top tour stop. Next door to the station are a drug store, a grocery store, and restaurants. Just walk around the corner to a laundromat and more restaurants. Just walk down the street the hotel's on to get to the Natural History Museum, etc. You feel so nice and independently able to visit all the sights you'd want.The hotel itself seems to be extra warm somehow and also seems to draw a lot of noisy people. It is very clean, however, and the staff are extremely nice and helpful. They bring you a fan if you need one, and they switch rooms for you if they're able. Also, the breakfast included in the room rate, if so booked, is delicious, with good selection and tons of fresh fruit.Do try Memories of India for dinner, 5 minutes down Gloucester Road in the opposite direction from the tube station. You'll see other Indian restaurants, but keep going till you get to this one. It was one of the best meals I've had, with very respectful, helpful waiters ready to offer suggestions, since it was my first Indian meal.	
May 18 2006	fantastic	stayed at this hotel 2nd to 4th may with husband and two children 11 and six years old had a fantastic time kids loved the garden at the back of the hotel tube station across the road bus stops outside tesco kfc supermarket across the road we did not book breakfast but across the way is a patisserie which serves english breadfast from £3.99 for small and also continental. toast and cereal for kids at just £2.50 fresh orange and plenty of cakes and snacks to buy for lunchtimes on the go walked to natural history museum from hotel no problem staff at the hotel very friendly and polite rooms very clean with plenty of room for clothes etc small fridge wich we could use part of for personnal drinks and snacks we did not have any problems with traffic noise as room was double glazed overall a very enjoyable stay hotel couldnt be faulted would definitely be re visiting in the future we arrived at euston and used the tube to get to hotel with only one change needed we managed no problem	
May 14 2006	Superb Choice When in London	I chose this hotel based on the reviews on this website and was not disappointed. The hotel is in a great location; being across the road from Gloucester Road underground station. This means that it is only 35mins and £4 from Heathrow by underground. Getting into central London is easy by underground or by bus. There is a good range of convenience shops and restaurants in the streets surrounding the hotel. The suburbs of Kensington and Knightsbridge which surround the hotel are upmarket leafy residential areas pleasant to walk in. The Natural History Museum, the V &amp; A and Harrods are all a comfortable walk away.The hotel's public areas are all well kept. Surprisingly there is a tranquil garden to the rear and on a warm day you can sit and enjoy a drink there. There is a pleasant bar. The standard room we stayed in was quite large and had two double beds. Both the bedroom and bathroom were fairly standard for Holiday Inn. The TV had an above average number of digital channels.Breakfast is a buffet affair and was good. Staff were pleasant and attentive, including when I took up the advertised offer to supply one of five different types of pillow for your bed.All in all, it was a great find. A good hotel in an ideal location. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 6 2006	Perfect!	My 2 teenage daughters and I spent April 6th - April 13th at this hotel. Although we were on a limited budget, I felt it was important to choose a decent hotel, close to the city with the amenities that we were use to in America...this hotel was perfect. The price was right ( $130/night for a room with 2 double beds), we were literally across the street from the tube ( picadilly line) which not only gave easy access to central london, but it was a easy ride to and from the airport (nominal cost and only 30 minutes). The local bus was outside the front door too which one could use by showing your tube daily travel card. There were resturaunts, grocery stores, and fast food stores right across the street. Each morning I walked across the street to starbucks to get my coffee and picked up a paper at the newspaper stand outside the tube station. We did not eat at the hotel, but the menus at the resturaunt looked good. We had a minibar in our room that allowed a lttle space for our own drinks or food. Service was excellent from the houskeeping staff to the front desk to the concierges desk. They were always eager to help.Would I recommend this hotel to a family on a budget? Most definately!	
Apr 19 2006	Great location and big rooms!	My mother, 8 year old daugther and I just returned from 8 nights at the HI Kensington. We picked this hotel based on the TripAdvisor reviews and the great location. The room had 2 double beds which is hard to find in London! The Gloucester Tube station is right acrosss the street and the bus line is right in front of the hotel. Victoria and Albert and the Natural History Museums are within walking distance. There is a Waitrose supermarket, ASK Pizza, Garfunkels, KFC, Burger King, Starbucks, Tesco 24 hour store, pubs and patisseries right across the street! The staff at the hotel was very helpful as was the concierge, who arranged all of our tours and Hotelink for us. The hotel even sent up a fruit tray and water that was waiting for us on our first day out. We highly recommend staying at the HI Kensington.	
Apr 18 2006	Good value for your money	I just returned from a one-week trip with wife and daughter to London. I was there from 4/8/06 thru 4/14/06. Having read so many good reviews about this hotel, decided it must be good and, sure enough, it was ! Firstly, the location was fantastic. It was a 2 minute walk to Gloucester Road (pronounced by the English as Gloster Road - don't ask my why. Probably the same reason they pronounce Leicester Square as Lester Square :-)). Gloucester Road underground takes you (most of the time with no train change) to almost all the highlights of London. Of course, mind the gap :-) For those of you not familiar with this phrase, you will get oversaturated with it in two days of underground trips around London. I used to get my morning coffee from the StarBucks shop right across the Gloucester subway station. It's right next to KFC and Patisserie (excellent semi-fast food place). Incidentally, the indoor mall (if you can call it that) right across from this hotel has Waitrose (grocery superstore), Garfunkel's (restaurant) and another restaurant whose name I can't recall right now and also Boots (drug store). Our room was pretty decent sized overlooking the courtyard in the back. Overall, decent value for your money.	
Apr 13 2006	Most convenient location	My Husband and I spent three nights at this hotel. Had a great, Kingsized bed, room. It was on the Garden side but we did not have a view, best part was that it was on the end and it was very quiet. The room was large enough for two allowing for the large bed, very roomy for a London Hotel. Even better we used our Priority Club Rewards for the entire stay. Staff was extremely helpful. Tube station is across the street and you can get anywhere in London from there. Also walking distance to museums. Great pub down Glouster road with resonable food prices. Market across the street for snacks and water, great for family stays. Can't say enough great things about our stay and the location. Wonderful from beginning to end.	
Apr 10 2006	Excellent location; excellent for families	Stayed April 6th to 9th in a suite with an upstairs level with a king bed and a large bathroom and a downstairs level with a sleeper couch that was ideal for the 2 teenage kids. The rooms were large even by American standards, and the one bathroom was large too. There was a small fridge in the room, and small dining table with 2 chairs, a small armchair, plenty of drawers and closet space. The hotel location was ideal with the underground station literally across the road. The local stores across the street included grocery stores, restaurants, a Patisserie, a KFC, and a pharmacy. Our room faced the street and I was concerned about the street noise at night having read these reviews, but there was no need to worry; there was no noise from the street at all. All in all, an excellent place to stay.	
Mar 28 2006	Just like home @ The Holiday Inn London Kensington	Just got back from an 8 night stay at the Holiday Inn London Kensington (3/15-3/22/06). I traveled with my mother, sister and sister's 18 month old. We had planned this trip 10 months in advance and wanted a comfortable stay and after much research on this website decided to stay at this hotel; boy, are we glad we did. The rooms and bathrooms are exactly the same size as American Holiday Inn rooms. We had requested an adjoining rooms, which we were given, and a crib for the baby; however, the crib was a pack'n'play. The staff was always very helpful especially with assisting with the stroller as the hotel has 6 steps/stairs at the entrance from the street. The concierge was very helpful in scheduling tours, etc. The Glouseter Road tube station is literally across the street, which links to 3 different tube lines. There are banks, money exchange shops, cafes, fast food restaurants, 24-hour Tesco (like 7-11), full size grocery store, pharmacy, internet cafe, etc located within a very short walking distance from the hotel. The bus (#74) stops right in front of the hotel (Cromwell Road). This bus can be taken to Harrods, Harvey Nichols, Natural History Museum, Victoria &amp; Albert Museum, etc. The bus running on Glouseter Road (#49) can be taken to Kensington Palace. All of these destinations can be visited within 2-7 minutes on the bus. We had gotten a black taxi from and to Heathrow Airport with 4 persons and 5+ pieces of luggage, the fare was approximately 40 pounds + tip. It is surprising how roomy these little black taxis really are. But, we could have taken the tube, with no problems. We had a great time and would recommend this hotel to all.	
Feb 21 2006	great place for a walk out	Stayed for a couple of nights on a special offer, where the kids stayed and eat free, which made it a resonable price. Glad there was a pillow menu as the one's we had when we arrived were too hard for me. You can ask for softer one's at reception.Walking distance to the museums, kensington park and the albert hall, so plenty of places for the kids to run around.Waitrose, Tesco's and ASK over the road made a difference too.I would stay again	
Feb 19 2006	Fantastic hotel in a fantastic location	We were 4 female friends staying in a suite over two floors with a garden view (which we requested), and loved everything about it. Have stayed in this area before (been in London 7 times since 1999) and it's my favorite area, with all the mews, short walk to many museums and Gloucester tube station (district, circel and piccadilly line). It's not to far from High street Kensington and Stamford Bridge (which was very important for us), you can have a nice walk to Stamford Bridge through nice lush steets and it will take you only about 30 min.This is the best hotel i've stayed in London for my wallet. The four of us paid 528£ in total. We are coming back =0) !	
Feb 8 2006	Hung out at the Holiday Inn on 100 Cromwell Road.	Stayed with my teenage daughter and husband for over a week in the Kensington area of London. The hotel is in a terrific location if you favor the west end of the city where you will find great shopping and easy access (within one block) of the Gloucester Road tube stop. You may also ride to Heathrow Airport via the Piccadilly Line which will take about 45 minutes. Use an Oyster Card or buy a single ticket which costs 4 pounds one way since you are traveling from zone 1 to zone 6. We did pull our luggage with us, but be aware that there are stairs to negotiate when using some stations. Also, the hotel is a ten minute walk to the Natural History Museum which will take more than one visit to really appreciate what it has to offer. As far as the hotel is concerned, it is very not fancy, but comfortable with rooms which are large and clean with two double beds. We were located in a corner room which was oversized and very quiet on the garden side. There was enough room for plenty of luggage and a table and chairs aside from the two beds. Richard, the manager went out of his way to make sure we could find the various broadcasts of the Superbowl although none carried the commercials that everyone enjoy. The staff was terrific and helpful when needed. Get the buffet breakfast which is plentiful and worth it as food in London is expensive. Since there is so much to do in London, get ready for a quick walking pace and use the bus and tube system which helps preserve your energy to visit more places.	
Feb 7 2006	Location location location!	Myself, husband and 2 kids have just returned from a weekend spent at this hotel. Firstly, I would say the location of this hotel is the best thing about it. We flew into Heathrow and it is about a 35 minute direct tube journey from the airport. The hotel is literally 100 yds from the tube station. Within those 100 yds are a great choice of restaurants/shops especially the Patisserie where we had breakfast each morning. Kensington high street and great shopping is a pleasant 15 minute walk away.When booking the hotel I requested an early check-in and a garden view room neither of which was granted. To be honest I don't think they even read my request. Half of the rooms must face the garden and I make the booking months ago! They also have a sneaky way of quoting a rate for the room exclusive of tax which is slapped on when you make the booking (online).The room itself was fine, a bit dated maybe and probably could do with a revamp. The shower was great and there was soap and shower gel. As long as we kept the window closed there was no noise from the busy road below. The air conditioning was useless though and the room was stuffy at night (remember this is Feb, I can't imagine July!).The lobby was modern and there was a very pleasant bar overlooking the beautiful garden (unlike our room!!!). I found the concierage very helpful with directions and the receptionist kindly let us keep our room until 2pm. With so many restaurants nearby we didn't feel the need to eat in the hotel once.You couldn't find a better located hotel in London for a better price so no complaints here!	
Feb 6 2006	Great Location but beware	Great location near to tube and within walking distance of Science Museum/ V and A/ etc. However we stayed in a two level suite. Unfortunately ours was right above the function room and the music was still blaring out at 2 am. None of us could sleep (2 adults 2 children) and the Hotel agreed to move us. We ended up in a standard with two doubles at the back of the Hotel, much quieter (No noise at all). Heating was a bit flaky in the 2nd room but at least it was peaceful. Staff were apologetic etc but being kept awake half the night is no way to enjoy your stay. ASK rest across the road is very good. Would stay again if I could ensure we were at the back of the Hotel. Holiday Inn sort out the noise problem from the Function Room. I also heard another guest complaining he wasn't allowed to use the Bar as there was a private function on (very strange)	
Jan 31 2006	Great for a London Hotel	The Holiday Inn Kensington is in a great location, within walking distance of the V&amp;A Museum, Natural History Museum, Harrods.. It is very clean and nicely decorated, with a nice garden behind. It is reasonably small and does not overwhelm you like other London hotels. Staff is helpful. You can get good rates on their website but watch out - tax is extra, unlike most UK hotels. The deal with breakfast included is good, but there is also a Garfunkels across the street and a Patisserie kitty-corner if you want to go out for breakfast.	
Jan 29 2006	Great Location/Excellent Staff	Just got back from staying at this hotel-Staff was very helpful and friendly-Every morning I would come down before the rest of the family and have my coffee in the lounge and get a cheery &quot;Good Morning&quot; from everyone on the staff and a GOOD pot of coffee-no charge(We had the English breakfast included in our stay). We had a room-garden side-very quiet-a little small but then again we did not stay in the room long-just to sleep-there was so much to do. The location was great-close to everything-walking or the tube. We could access all of London because of the 3 lines that run through Gloucester Station. We also took the Original Bus Tour which picked up right around the corner on Gloucester Road. Also on Gloucester Road there is a little deli-Cafe Deco which had the best sandwiches and desserts-best of all after 5pm everything was half price-got dinner for 3 less than $15USD. Also Illy's is across from the tube-we found that on our last night-It has everything-very reasonable-wish we could've found this place sooner.	
Jan 23 2006	Good Hotel but could do better	The area around the hotel is excellent, close to Museums, good bars and restaurants and close to the Tube. The staff are very friendly and the Bar and Restaurant are spacious, relaxed and nicely decorated, Where the hotel falls down in is with the Rooms and the Breakfast.The first room that we got was tiny so we had to request a suite, which cost us an extra £25, this was a good sized large room.The TV was a bit old, there was a bad picture on some of the TV channels and no facility to buy a movie. A bit of modernisation here would have went a long wayThe breakfast in the morning of an English breakfast was cold, oh so very cold...The eggs were supposed to be hard but they were soft...it's a pity, a few things looked after and it would have been perfect	
Jan 20 2006	It's everything they say it is!	We spent 7 nights in early January at the Holiday Inn London-Kensington and were delighted to find this hotel to be exactly as described in the reviews on this site. Indeed, it was based on these trip-advisor reviews that we elected this hotel and we were certainly not disappointed. We (3 adults - one couple and one single) stayed in a duplex suite on the 6th floor facing the garden. This was a perfect set-up for us, the couple being accommodated in the king bedroom upstairs and the single being accommodated downstairs on a reasonably comfortable sofa-bed. Opposite the bathroom on the second level of the suite there was a small balcony overlooking the gardens. This was a pleasant surprise as there had been no mention of a balcony on previous reviews or in the Holiday Inn's description of the duplex suite. The balcony was especially welcome as all three of us are smokers. Aside from providing an outdoor area to smoke (yes - we all know what a disgusting habit we have!) we were also grateful to be able to open the door during the night as the heating system was unable to be adjusted to any great extent by the room controls and we generally found the room to be too warm, particularly on the up-stairs level. Inefficient climate control seems to be a common theme of complaint for many hotel guests in the UK and elsewhere in Europe so I guess this place is no different. Generally we found this hotel to be very convenientally located for travellers and given the generous size of the duplex suite, great value for money. The reception and concierege staff were all helpful and friendly. All three of us agreed we would stay here again without thinking twice.	
Jan 8 2006	Would stay again	Arrived at Hotel by car, (Mid December 2005) parking not ideal as car park is underground, across the busy A4, not easy to access due to the one way systems and no direct access with your cases to the hotel, before parking you have to obtain a card from the hotel, all very frustrating as there is no parking outside the hotel.Best to travel by rail, which we will next time.Hotel staff friendly, we arrived early and had complimentary coffee in the restaurant. We were not too impressed with the restaurant or the efficiency of the staff although again they were very friendly. The restaurant was empty and lacked atmosphere although decor OK, we did order lunch, just a snack, but they didn't seem to understand what we wanted and it did take a very long time to arrive although very nice when it did. We didn't use the restaurant again except for breakfast. In fairness we wouldn't have used the restaurant anyway as we were out all the time.We were upgraded to a suite on the 6th floor, there was one lift out of action for the 3 days we were there which was a little annoying (mid week).The suite was on two levels, lounge and extra bed downstairs, main bedroom upstairs via a spiral staircase which I have to say my wife found quite difficult, we are not old! Clean, spacious and the bed very comfortable. Very quiet, we asked for a room overlooking the garden at the back away from the road. Concierge very helpful, booked us Theatre tickets.Location: We would probably stay here again as we liked the area, very near underground and also we could walk to Harrods, Museums, Hyde Park, and also many restaurants in the area.	
Jan 4 2006	Great value top location superb service!	This hotel offers excellent service. I was most impressed by everyone's willingness to please. We arrived early and the reception staff had no problems getting us into our room. The hotel is across the road from Waitrose where you can pick up some snacks and drinks, and also has the Post Office a few feet away - which is good for topping up your mobile phone card. The lobby is modern and clean, and the back garden a treat. There's a little Chapel in the garden, and it made for a wodnerful afternoon setting. Ask for a garden facing room as the front of the hotel can get loud with the busy Cromwell Road never going to sleep. Best part of the hotel though is the great price. It's not five star, but more than comfortable.	
Jan 1 2006 	Very Good Value	I stayed just 3 nights in early December and found this Hotel through Trip Advisor. Great location with Gloucester Road Station across the road, several good restaurants nearby and friendly helpful staff. The rooms are a good size and the Hotel is spotlessly clean. Excellent value when booked on-line. I'll be staying here again next month!	
Dec 16 2005	Great stay especially for a family	We stayed here for 8 nights, choosing it based on the positive reviews in Trip Advisor. It was a great stay. The hotel is comfortable and quiet and the rooms are fairly spacious for London standards and at a reasonable price. There even is a pillow menu with a choice of 5 different types. The location is very convenient - across the street from a Tube station with 3 lines, including the Picadilly line direct from Heathrow airport, and a 10 minute walk from three major museums (the Natural History, Science and the Victoria and Albert.) Kensington Park and Kensington Palace are about a 15 minute walk. Right in the neighborhood there are plenty of restaurants and two great patisseries and a Sainsbury grocery store so there are plenty of choices for dining and snacks. We had the buffet breakfast which was included in our room rate and was quite good with eggs, bacon, fresh fruit, yogurts, cereals and more. There was a slighlty bigger selection on weekdays than on weekends. The breakfast is rather pricey if you have to pay for it on your own, 12.95 pounds, so a better choice would be the nearby patisserie. Finally, the staff was very helpful in making reservations and supplying information.	
Nov 25 2005	A perfect base for a family stay	This hotel was absolutely perfect for our family vacation. My wife and 2 kids (8 and 9 years old )steyed here for 5 nights. Excellent room with cable TV and a small fridge. DVD player was something we were kind of excited about but it only plays DVD's from the UK. Don't bother to bring movies from the U.S. Clean bathroom with great shower and plenty of room for us. Location was unbelievable. Tube station literally around the corner made for easy access to every site we visited. Neighborhood was great with a bakery/coffee house that we had breakfast rolls and quiche each morning, a grocery store, an ASK pizza place and a Garfunkels restaurant, Fish and Chips take out, pub, Burger King, KFC, newstand, a couple of nice Italian places and an internet cafe were all within a couple of minutes from the front door. I never felt unsafe with the kids once we got back from a long day or leaving in the morning. We walked to dinner each night after a long day seeing the sites or jumped the tube a couple of times for dinner out. We walked to the Science and Natural History museums (20 minutes)and took the Tube to everything in London. Staff were extremely friendly and helpful. I can't think of a one thing about this hotel, the location or the staff that was not totally acceptable.	
Nov 14 2005 	In a word .. Excellent	First time I stayed in this hotel... I booked a twin room... it came with two large double beds, well fitted out, very clean, and surprisingly it was a very large room. Booked it through Hotel Direct.com they gave me a great rate and handled the booking very professionlly. Checking in and out was a pleasure.. I took the breakfast again it was excellant great choice and pleasant staff....Just steps away from the tube and in a great area.... I stay in some 12 hotels per year and this was a...Great find in Central london	
Oct 31 2005	Great Value Great Location	My wife and I along with two friends (all of us in our mid 20's) booked a 4-person room in early September for touristy weekend trip. Location: Perfect for convenience. The hotel is literally accross from the Gloucester Rd Station as well as one block from the Red/Blue tourist bus lines that take you around the city. From Gloucester Rd Station you can easily reach all areas of the city via the tube. Adjacent to the station are a number of bakeries and cafés to grab your morning coffee and croisant. Hotel Cleanliness: Everything was satisfactory with the maid coming late morning to clean up and change all the towels. The lobby and lounge of the hotel always appeared clean as well.Rooms/Comfort: The beds (2 Queen) were big enough, the mattresses were not the firmest but by no means worn out. The bathroom was clean, had one sink and was pretty standard. The room had two windows facing the street where heavy traffic flowed at all hours, however the windows are double paned and keep the noise low.Staff: Everyone from the concierge to the attendent at the bar put on their best face and were pleasant to deal with. From arrival to departure I felt that I could get answers to my questions and advice for how to tackle all the sights and tours we were interested in.Value: Based on our dates we managed to get the hotel for a mere £100 per night, which in my experience in London is a bargain for the location and quality. Overall: Don't let the rating throw you off, I would absolutely stay in this hotel again, I believe that the highest two ratings should be reserved for truly exceptional and luxerious hotels and resorts.	
Oct 5 2005	Great Stay great location	My wife and I finished off our Europe trip in London. We stayed at the Holiday Inn Kensington for two nights and had a great stay. After smallish european hotel rooms, it was a nice treat to have a large room and a big bathroom. The location is terrific although busy. Harrod's is mile away and High Street is a nice walk on Gloucester Road. Can't beat the tube across the street with a direct connection on the Picadilly Line to Heathrow (40 mins). A great patisserie, Paul, is located on the corner...great coffee and pastries. Try and book through the chain's website, the net rate can be quite resonable by London's standards. Definitely ask for a courtyard facing room.	
Oct 4 2005	perfect place to stay in london	After looking for many weeks online for a hotel in London I came upon this website that described peoples reviews of hotels. I will tell you the reviews I read for this hotel were excellant and so I took a chance and booked this hotel. It was located a block away from the tube, walking distance to the Victoria and Albert musuem, several restaurants to choose from nearby, and in a safe neighborhood. It was a terrific stay and the staff was helpful, rooms lovely and clean, the breakfast spread fantastic. The price was very reasonable for the room. The conceige were terrific with suggustions of places to see, getting tickets for shows, directions, and tickets for special places. I would definitely return to this location again. This was a family vacation with one adult and 2 teenagers, who also thought this was a great hotel.	
Sep 25 2005	Great hotel for family of 4	This was a great hotel for our family of 4. The room was big enough, with two double beds and nice quality bed linens. The bathroom was large and very clean. The staff was pleasant, even offering free wine or beer when the fire alarm went off during the middle of the day and we had to stand outside. They were all very professional and apologized for the incovenience. This is super location, right on the major tube line and right across the street from a major grocery store. London is expensive so buying a few supplies at the store helped keep costs down. We had our own &quot;room service&quot; by buying things at the store and eating breakfast in our room. Easy walk to Kensington Garden and the Victoria and Albert and Natural History Museum. We got a Garden view room, which is very nice and quiet. Would definately stay here again if visiting London.	
Sep 11 2005	HI Kensington- great location and nice place to stay	Tonight is my last night staying at the Holiday Inn Kensington. Me and two others stayed in an executive room for 5 nights. I picked this hotels because of all the good ratings it received at this site. Our stay was great, the rooms are big for rooms in london. Large Bathroom with shower/tub. It is located across the street from nice cafes, restuarants and fast food places. Also across the street is Underground station Gloucester Road. I would definately stay here again. It is hard to find rooms in london with 2 double beds. The executive room had 2 dbl. beds with white linens and beds were very comfortable. Only complaint i had is that you had you use your key for access to electricity. This was my first time ever seeing that. Maybe that is a standard in london hotels..not quite sure. Also most of the staff do not speak english and dont give many good recommendations/advise. Besides that my stay was very enjoyable.	
Aug 23 2005	Great hotel in good location	spent a night at this hotel and was v impressed. Good service, clean rooms, an adequate Gym facility, also nice cocktail bar. Do try an get a room overlooking the courtyard as its much quieter than overlooking the cromwell road. If its not in the room rate do not buy breakfast in the restaurant as there is an excellent little deli across the road ( turn left out of hotel then turn right and cross road at Traffic lights and you are there) Rack rate is high, but if you book and guarantee in advance you can secure a room at half the daily rate. hotel is in the west of london and so is relatively easy to get to/from heathrow. A cab into centre of town is about £10, tube station is 5 min walk at most.	
Aug 20 2005	Fantastic!	Spent the best part of 5 days here- what can I say- absolutely fantastic!We had a 2 floor room on the top floor of the building at the back- with our own private little terrace/balcony. Slept with the french doors onto the terrace open all night and was remarkably quiet- excellent given it is on the A4 which is one of the main routes in and out of london. This was probably due to us being at the back of the building!Having used holiday inns all over the place, this was by far the nicest- and also biggest with regards to the room-which is surprising given it is right in central london.Kensington is a very nice and well heeled area- it has easy access to tourist stuff if thats your thing ( zone 2 station 10 seconds from front door), and good helpful staff.One thing my other half did complain about was that the air conditioning was not very good *(she is american and they have very good air con everywhere!) but im english so am used to not having it at all.Parking was expensive @ £25 a day- but then it is everywhere in london and thats about the going rate, but it was very secure and safe. More than happy to pay it than risk it in a back street.As with most places, after check out they will store your luggage securely for you at no charge if you have a late flight/travel. Not a major point, but useful nonetheless.Absolutely no complaints whatsoever-will definately be back. Makes the hilton etc look very very poor and overpriced in comparison.In fact- it made my london flat look small and overpriced in comparison!!!! For the area you will not get a better room at this price, and will struggle to get a better room at a price even remotely near this one.Highly recommended.	
Aug 12 2005	Loved the Holiday Inn Kensington	We just returned from a 9 day trip to London. We stayed in the Holiday Inn, Kensington. We chose this hotel mainly because we needed a room with two double beds. Loved this hotel. It looks like London townhouses from the outside whereas the Holiday Inn Kensington Forum is a high rise across the street. The staff at our hotel was very friendly and helpful, (mostly young and of some nationality other than English) and the location wonderful. Walking distance to the museums and Harrods. We did not eat breakfast at the hotel as the buffet was a little expensive. There is a great little Patisserie across Cromwell Road on Gloucester Road where we sat in the open air every morning and had fresh baguettes and coffee. The Gloucester Road tube station is directly across the street. Beware of the 40 p charge every time you pick up the room phone to call out. The internet in the room is hard to use. There is a computer in a room on the main level - but there is a charge. We upgraded for half of our stay for 20 pounds a night to a suite with an upstairs and downstairs which was really nice. I recommend this hotel.	
Aug 8 2005	Mostly Very Good	Recently returned from UK/Ireland, eight days in London at the Holiday Inn London-Kensington (not to be confused with the Holiday Inn Forum two blocks away). Overall a very good experience. The location is great-- across the street from the Gloucester Road Station, Picadilly Line. Location around hotel is generally very clean, safe, and generally quiet at night (The hotel rooms are very quiet. We never heard anyone in the adjoining rooms). The Kensington area is fine for walking around. Even late at night, we never had any problems.However, upon arriving (at 10:15 PM) our room was uncomfortably hot, and the light in the bathroom did not work. The A/C unit (or what passes for A/C in London anyway) was at best anemic, and the little air it expelled was warm air. Upon contacting the desk manager, she commenced to tell me that it was normal--that A/C in the UK is not the same as it is in the USA. As I stared in amazement, she continued to say that it is &quot;Air Cooling&quot;, not air conditioning as we understand it in the USA. I pointed out that their written room descriptions state &quot;Air Conditioning&quot; not &quot;Air Cooling&quot;--but a response to this was definitely above her pay grade.Of course, this was all BS. I asked her for a different room for the four of us. She did not have a room. I asked for the manager (who BTW is from Norway, with the staff mostly from former Soviet eastern block countries--not a problem, just an observation). The manager confirmed that nothing was available. By that time, I was too tired to continue, and spent the first night in a stuffy and hot room (they did bring us a fan as we requested).Then, at 7:15 AM, we were awakened by a deafening fire alarm and the entire Hotel had to evacuate the building. As we exited to the street and joined the other half asleep, half-dressed tenants, we thought that booking this place was not a good idea after all.That morning I requested of the still on-duty night manager to meet with their head HVAC mechanic, building engineer, to discuss the A/C problem. He came to our room that morning (the first actual British person we had met at the Hotel) and apologized for the conditions. He explained that two A/C compressors recently failed, and agreed that our particular room A/C unit was not working. He went on to say that another room was going to be available, and that the A/C there was much better, and that the manager was getting it ready for us (finally some honesty) if we wanted to move.Our reassigned room, though not cool by USA standards, was definitely better that the first room. In sum, the staff generally responded well and worked to solve the problem. For that they deserve credit. But, truthfulness up front would have been much better. The garden out back is nice. The bar is O.K., and expensive. We did not eat in the dining room, but did get room service dinner one night and it was quite good, although of course expensive. Also, plenty of places to eat around the hotel, on both Gloucester Road and Cromwell road (which is the A4 to Heathrow). Starbucks coffee is across the street. Concierge is helpful, and you can book many tours and events directly through them. Great location, helpful staff, clean surroundings. Overall a good choice for a London stay. We are a family of four with two teenage sons, and to be honest they all thought the room was better than I have described here. But then again--I was the one paying for it.	
Aug 5 2005	Amazing value for London	TripAdvisor came through again with this gem of an inexpensive hotel in the heart of London. We were looking for something cheap, clean and convenient and we got a lot more than we expected.Based on other reviews, we asked for a courtyard-facing room. Since the hotel is right on a very busy road (Cromwell), this might be the reason why our room was so quiet. Staff were very helpful on arrival, very important given our arrival. Four of us (2 adults, a 16yo and an 11yo) were travelling with multiple, smaller bags (4 knapsacks, 4 small suitcases) and my wife and 11yo got dumped on the doorstep of the hotel while I took my 16yo off on a special side trip. This can be a challenge if staff doesn't step in to help - as they did this time, turning it into a pleasant non-event.The room was London-small (North American's travelling to European capitals can get pretty claustrophobic if they aren't prepared). The room wiring was a bit confusing - one light switch at bedside turned off everything (including the TV and internet). The internet only worked when the TV was on. There was only one accessible plug and it was situated to make it nearly impossible to use a North American power convertor (until you pulled out the desk. Internet is pricey (like all European hotels) at around L12/night. The access mentioned a L16 package that included internet and one &quot;adult&quot; movie.The room was very clean and comfortable, with a large bathroom (with a shower/tub). We didn't stick around for breakfasts but the courtyard looked lovely from our room's window.The hotel is situated across the street from the Gloucester tube station and there's a Tesco Express for grocery/snack purposes. We got to the airport from the hotel in 35min and costing only L40.We had a quad room for L115 including VAT and we'd certainly be happy to stay here again.	
Jul 27 2005	Handy Location	We spent 3 nights at the Holiday Inn Kensington in London. We booked a Holiday Inn after reading/hearing horror stories about dingy, rundown hotels and wanted to avoid this. We were quite satisifed with this hotel. The hotel was about a half a block from the tube entrance and was quite easy to get to. The rooms were clean and and staff was helpful. The room we booked had a spiral staircase to get to the bed and bathroom (pull out couch and table with chairs downstairs) so if you have trouble walking on stairs this would not be the hotel for you. I found different prices for this hotel as I looked online so its worth checking. Also, there are grocery stores and delis nearby so we did not pay the price to eat breakfast in the hotel. The grocery store down the street is cheaper than the one right across from the hotel. Unfortunately we stayed at the time of the second bombing attempts on the tube and bus, but we were quite impressed by the presence of British police and the watchfulness of citizens and police.Ask for a room facing the courtyard as it is much quieter than the ones facing the street if you want to open the window, although this hotel is air conditioned.	
Jul 10 2005 	Perfect Combination!	I visit London on business once or twice a year and have stayed in many different parts of the city. I am a fan of the tube and find it most useful for getting around, even though my expense account would pay for more taxi trips. Summer 2004 and 2005 I took my family with me, and on this tirp (2005) we stayed at Holiday Inn Kensington because of the high-quality reviews from TripAdvisor. Let's face it, unless you want to part with a LOT of money, London hotels are an exercise in compromise. We chose HI-Kensington because it is across the street from Gloucester station on the Picadilly line, which goes directly to Heathrow. You can spend forever in London dragging your suitcases here and there, and this was by far the most convenient we have found (one note here--there is one set of stairs in Gloucester station with no escalator or elevator). The rooms are spacious, the garden-view request is definitely the way to go, and there's plenty of close-by amenities--grocery store, wine shop, late-nite store, Starbucks, coffee shop--the convenience factor alone makes this one a winner, not to mention that it's very comfortabel and reasonably priced. I've paid much more for much less in London, and I'm glad to have found this one.	
Jun 23 2005	Great choice!	Just got back from the Holiday Inn - Kensington. Stayed a week. This is the small Holiday Inn, not the Forum. We were looking for an affordable place to stay, with a room to accomodate myself, my husband, and my 5 year old daughter. Not an easy thing to do in London without paying a fortune. We had a garden view room, and the size was perfect. Two double beds, with a little bit of room for all her toys. The staff was wonderful, the room was clean. No toiletries, but we were warned of that. There are several grocery stores, supermarkets and restaurants in the area. Right across the street from a very convenient tube station. A garden for my daughter to play in. Air conditioning in the room (which we needed, since they are having a heat wave.) The AC was broken one night. When we complained, our bill was adjusted. Kensington is beautiful. A little bit away from the crowd, but close enough. We usually stay at much nicer hotels, but would definately stay there again.	
May 26 2005	Very adequate	I don't often have to stay overnight in London and this was my first time here. It is a very pleasant hotel and a typical Holiday Inn. I had an executive room which was clean and reasonably large - for London!The staff were polite and helpful. The hotel's big advantage is its location - right oposite Gloucester Road tube station and with a lot of great restaurants and bars in the vicinty.	
Apr 14 2005	The perfect spot for us	Just got back from our first trip to London. Stayed 9 nights at this Holiday Inn. It was perfect! The perfect size for 3 of us, perfect location across from the tube stop, restaurants with late hours, and a great grocery store. Nice, safe neighborhood. Helpful and courteous staff. Nice cocktail lounge on the first floor that stays open later than the area pubs. Would definitely stay here again!	
Apr 12 2005	Would stay again - great location and nice hotel!	My family and I stayed at the Holiday Inn (remember this is located at 100 Cromwell, NOT the towering Holiday Inn at 97 Cromwell) for a week in mid-March, 2005. The hotel itself is well run, very clean with great service and personnel. I wrote a note concerning their breakfast and the grocery store below. IMPORTANT NOTE: if you decide to make a reservation request a room facing the nice garden. Three reasons: much quieter as the other side faces a busy street, nice view looking down into a large garden area and beautiful old church and great air circulation when you open the large window. LOCATION is the name of the game in London. It is conveniently located within 100 yards of the Gloucester Tube which branches into three different tube lines (this is important for getting around-we purchased tube passes which were good for several days-really saved money on transportation). There is a great little grocery store called Waitrose directly across the street which makes it easy to purchase soft drinks, fruit, snacks and take back to the hotel for a quick breakfast. We didn't purchase the breakfast option - too expensive for our taste. Also, there are two restaurants by the grocery store. We thought Garfunkels was the better of the two - tastier food and more reasonable (for England) prices. A bank and ATM machines are right around the corner. We would definitely stay again - If you go - ENJOY!!!	
Apr 10 2005	Excellent Buffet Breakfast!!	Just spent 5 days at the Holiday Inn Kensington with my husband and 2 children aged 7years. Super location - Gloucester Road Tube 2 minutes across the road. Right opposite the hotel is a large Waitrose supermarket, a Garfunkels restaurant and all around are various sandwich bars, small supermarkets etc. Nice, modern lobby with a very nice, modern, what looks to be recently refurbished bar area. Beautifully tended gardens with a lovely old church in the grounds. We stayed in a standard room which wasn't overly large. The room overlooked Cromwell Road which is a major route and was, I have to say very noisy. BUT - the double-double-glazed window system was excellent and when both windows were shut you could hear no noise atall. I would have liked to have asked for a room overlooking the garden when I woke up after a very disturbed night's sleep but my husband thought it would take too long to repack! For future reference, and especially if you have young children, request a room overlooking the garden. We had to have the a/c on overnight which, even at the lowest setting made a distinct 'hum'. The rooms, I have to say, were very hot. I would much rather have been able to have the window wide open. Bathroom was fair sized, fairly plain, nothing special but clean and serviceable with a quite nice power shower. My husband thought the room lacked storage space which I tend to agree with - 2 adults and 2 kids in April had quite a few fleeces, jeans, gilets, etc and there was a problem finding places to store it as wardrobe (x 1) was very small and only 4 very small drawers. Room had 2 double beds which pleased the kids as previously they have had to have a sofa bed and complain of the springs being felt through the mattress. The only thing I did notice was the beds were very 'springy' and, being a light sleeper, felt every turn my husband made in the night!! Best bit was the buffet breakfast, which was included in the price (booked through central reservations on a 3-day flex option). Kids ate free. On offer was a fry-up, all sorts of croissants/muffins, toast, rolls, cereals, grains, fresh fruits, juice, cold meats, etc, etc. The first 2 mornings (mid week) we ate in the modern, refurbished, restaurant overlooking the garden but on the weekend mornings, they opened up one of the conference suites, obviously to cater for the increased number of weekend guests, and this room (the Buckingham Suite I think it was called) was a little tired looking with an old fashioned swirly carpet. All in all the hotel was good value, clean, comfortable and in a super location. Didn't have the usual extras in the bathroom that you can take home with you, but there was a sign which said if you'd 'forgotten' anything like shampoo, shower cap, etc, they would provide you if you asked. We paid about £480 I think, for the 4 nights including breakfast ('kids eat free'!) but it was only after receiving confirmation of the booking that I realised that price didn't include VAT. There is another Holiday Inn in Kensington - the Kensington Forum, which you could see from our room. It is a very high, ugly building, almost sky-scraper like, and the lady from central reservations told me at the time of booking that it is prolifically used by air staff from Heathrow who stay overnight, and didn't have the charm and personal touch of the Kensington Holiday Inn. I would imagine she was right there. Incidentally, the hotel is a lovely, old building with a lovely white facade, I would say of Victorian age.	
Mar 31 2005	Excellent Value and location very helpful staff	I highly recommend this hotel. The Holiday Inn Kensington will make you feel like you are staying in a hotel in New York City. Lots of Americans stay there, including American Airlines personnel. In fact, it seemed like airline employees were ubiquitous. The address given is 97 Cromwell Rd and don't get confused as there is another Holiday Inn across the street. This Holiday Inn, at 20+ floors is the largest building in the neighborhood, about 2 blocks from the Gloucster Rd underground station. The main entrance of this hotel is not on Cromwell Rd, but in the back. The lobby is quite spacious and modern with plenty of room to sit. The lobby also has wireless internet. The staff was knowledgable, helpful, enthusiastic and young. They seem to enjoy chatting with and helping the guests and really appear to love their work. The staff seemed to really cater to making foreigners feel comfortable. Our room was clean and modern, very well kept and large by London standards. There were always taxis waiting at the main entrance, even as early as 5:00am. As of March 30, 2005, international calling to the US was 3.60 pounds/minute. Local calls were about 50P per minute.	
Mar 12 2005 	If only it wasn't a Holiday Inn	The location is exellent by the Gloucester Rd. tube stop on the Piccadilly line with direct access to Heathrow. There are numerous restaurants and shops nearby. The building itself is nice backing up to a large garden. The lobby and bar/restaurant areas are pleasant. The staff were helpful. The rooms, are unfortunately, Holiday Inn classics, with tacky plastic advertisements on every surface, and a deep green color scheme...mattress was sagging and the bathroom was unattractive. Bathroom amenities were non-existent. I got one tiny bar of soap the whole 7 days I was there.	
Feb 28 2005	Simple and Reasonable	My wife, our 2 children and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Kensington for a week around new year. It was one of the few hotels I could find in central London that has rooms with two double beds, and the rate (117 pound including GST) is reasonable for London. Exorbitant anywhere else for what is is, but reasonable for London.Our room was cosy but quite adequate. It overlooked the park to the North so we were spared any noise from Cromwell Road and enjoyed a nice view of an old church and grounds. The bathroom could do with retiling but it was clean and a good size and even had a speaker so that I could listen to the TV news while shaving!We didn't eat in the hotel restaurant. Breakfast was about 12 pound each and the thought of spending $100 before we'd even set foot outside the hotel was too much. The supermarket across the road has a good selection of cereals, fruit, pastries, yoghurt, fruit juice, etc. Beware of the &quot;cheap&quot; Italian restaurants 100 metres down the road. One of them had some small rolls on the table when we arrived and we were charged a pound each for not having told the waitress to remove them. When we asked for water they brought 4 small bottles at 2 pound each. Read the small print on the menus!The hotel location cannot be beaten. We jumped the tube at Heathrow, alighted at Cromwell Road without having had to change trains, and then simply walked 40 metres to the hotel. For getting around London you could hardly be better located.All in all I was very happy with this hotel.	
Feb 23 2005	Excellent room.Excellent service.Great location	February 23rd.2005.Spent four nights here last weekend.Perfectly situated directly opposite Gloucester Rd. tube station on main 74 bus route to Oxford St/Baker St.Bars, restaurants,coffee shops and food stores within steps of hotel.Classy modern hotel in typical Chelsea building.Occupied duplex suite with spiral staircase to upper floor king sized bedroom.Amazingly large accomodation for central London in this price range.Despite artic temperatures in London, the hotel was cosy.Discovered the window latch was broken and we could not open window.On report, the faulty lock was immediately replaced and we were provided with a fan to cool separate areas of the suite! Great service..congratulations to the excellent front office and maintenance staff. We will always choose this hotel on our future bi-annual trips to London and have already recommended it to friends.	
Feb 8 2005	Well worth considering	Minor problems failed to stop us enjoying our three-night stay in a very competently-run hotel which we would consider in the future.  The hotel is in an excellent location, within two minutes' walk from Gloucester Road tube station, with notably convenient shopping and a foreign currency exchange with very good rates. Check-in for our three night stay at the start of January 2005 was polite. Although we had paid for a double room at check-in they offered us a choice of either a smoking king-size room immediately or a non-smoking king-size room in an hour. I suspect this was due to being a Priority Club member and having specified a preference for king beds.  We decided to wait for the non-smoking room and visited a prominent Internet cafe very near Victoria station to pass the time. Unfortunately my partner had her wallet stolen. We cannot blame the hotel for this, even though it did ruin our day. Calling card (0800, &quot;free&quot;) calls are not free from the hotel room, though the charge to your bill is relatively reasonable at 40p.  The room was a decent size, with a long desk down one side, a minibar, a round table, a selection of news magazines and two chairs. The bathroom was typically sized - that is, small - but the amenities were fine and the shower was excellent. The bed was indeed king sized, a single soft mattress, and one of the best British beds we've slept in. Breakfast was decent; our rate (ninety pounds per night including tax) included breakfast and they didn't charge us for the room service, even though it was not clear either way whether there would be a charge or not. Cleanliness was entirely fine.  The entertainment was better than in most British hotels: a selection of channels approximately equal to the Freeview service at no charge, plus 4 hours' internet and computer games for eight pounds. There was a little sticker shock at that price - a phone box outside will give you 15 minutes for one pound, and Internet cafes are cheaper still - but even if you aren't going to use two hours, being able to surf the 'net indoors in your pyjamas is well worth a premium rate. The Internet access is displayed on the TV using a slightly backwards browser and less-than-wonderfully-crisp fonts, but it's certainly adequate overall.  On the downside, the room is quite long and thin and the long bed stretches across it to the point that you would like an extra six or twelve inches' walkway between the bed and the immovable desk on the opposite wall. When you're carrying a laden breakfast tray, it's rather more precarious a gap to squeeze through than you'ld like. Additionally, the staff did not seem completely familiar with the details of either what their room service should have been or what it was in practice; while the menu lists an impressive selection of ice creams and sorbets, the actual choice bore little resemblance and we weren't sure that they actually delivered what we ordered. Either that or we just can't tell blackcurrant from plum.  These are incidental downsides, though; the price is competitive by London standards, offering respectable value, the location is excellent and we consistently rested well. To me, that adds up to a hotel which is well worth considering for a return visit.	
Jan 11 2005	Good reliable place to stay	Just returned from a week in London - stayed at the Holiday Inn Kensington. As a Priority Club platinium member, I was automatically upgraded to an Executive Bedroom at no extra charge. Normally that upgrade would cost 20 pounds per night. There is a similarly priced upgrade available for something called an Oversize Bedroom and for an additional 40 pounds per night a suite is available. The Executive Bedroom was the size of a typical American hotel room - I assume the &quot;regular&quot; room would be smaller. The bathroom was quite large for a European hotel. Based on reading earlier reviews, I did request and receive a room on the garden side of the hotel. The hotel is on a main thoroghfare that is quite busy in the morning, so a garden side room is definitely something you should try and get.As noted by several earlier reviews, the heating system was a BIG problem. The room was extremely hot. I complained and got a run around. First I was told the AC would be repaired. It wasn't. Second attempt at repair also failed. When I insisted that the maintenance person come to the room, the story changed - now the AC system was allegedly off in the entire building! I was offered a fan and that did help. I wasn't able to open the window as the mechanism was broken and that too couldn't seem to be repaired.On the plus side, the location is great! There's a Tube station across the street plus a Starbucks, a great patisserie and a number of decent restaurants within walking distance (stay away from the Garfunkel's however).I'm returning to London in April and will probably stay here again - though I will be emailing the manager and Priority Club about the heating problems.	
Jan 6 2005	Loved the Holiday Inn Kensington	My 15 year old son, husband and I recently spent 5 nights over Christmas at this hotel! What a wonderul stay we had. We even received a Christmas present on Christmas eve! Absolutely would stay there again!	
Dec 18 2004	Close to piccadilly line and central london	I stayed here this past week for three nights with my parents and we were very happy with the hotel. Everything was very clean, the room was what we expected (not European standards, very American) and all the staff we encountered was very friendly and helpful.Only problem we encounted was the heating/cooling system in the room. Our room was extremely warm the entire time, despite trying to adjust the air system. As it was winter, we just opened the window.Most importantly for us was the location...my mother is slightly handicapped and has trouble walking, and this hotel is only about 1/2 block from the tube station. (Piccadilly line which goes direct to Covent garden, Piccadilly Circus, Leister Square in less than 10 minutes direct...also goes to Heathrow the other direction).I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to have a very safe and friendly neighborhood and quick access to the center of London.	
Nov 24 2004	Holiday Inn Kensington 20-22 Nov 2004	My family and i have just spent 2 nights at this hotel. We had booked a family room and got a standard sized room with 2 double beds. The room was clean but was dingy and dark feeling. The bathroom was also clean but needed updating- ie the taps were rusty,the tile grouting grey etc. Location wise for us it was great- within walking distance of the Natural History and Science museums as well as Harrods...which were the places we had planned to &quot;do&quot;. Breakfast was good, lots of choice hot and cold. Dinner on the saturday was fine- the food was edible but not the best i have had- the service was slow even though there were 7 empty tables and we were told that they &quot;only had 2 chefs on duty&quot;- not our problem as guests !! Our puddings took ages but the manager did offer us free coffee so he did try!We decided to eat there again on the sunday for many reasons, one was that kids eat free, the other was that the kids were tired and we thought they could go up to the rom once they had eaten to allow my husband and myself half hour as a couple ! I ordered the Bacon and Avocado Ceaser salad...it was AWFUL...the dressing was so full of vinegar that each mouthfull of salad just tasted of vinegar, i complained and was told by the waitress that &quot; this is the dressing he always uses&quot; i told her a was a trained chef and that it was not a ceaser dressing. she took my plate away and it was soon brought back by the manager who argued that it was correct- his tone was dreadful and i actually had to leave the table as i was so upset. Eventually i changed the dish for the cold salmon with home made chunky chips . the salmon was fine but the chips were undercooked in the middle- we decided to sign the bill and leave as the meal and evening had been spoilt.Basically i would stay here again if i upgraded my room and didnt eat in the Garden Restaurant. There is an ASK and a Garfunkles opposite so we would use those even if we had tired kids!	
Oct 18 2004	Great location good room- dont forget to add VAT.	We stayed at the Holiday Inn for 4 nights about two weeks ago and were very happy. We checked in late and then checked out early due to our air movements through LHR, but there were no problems &amp; the staff were very helpful &amp; courteous.As we were able to get an early bird rate off the internet it was only a standard room, but very comfortable and most importantly - quiet. The only thing to remember with internet bookings is to add the VAT of 17.5% to the advertised room rate- but even allowing for that, we still paid well under the standard tariff. As others have noted the location is excellent with the Gloucester Road Tube station 2 minutes walk away, as well as cafes, patisserie, supermarket and bars as well!. If we are back in London we will stay there again.	
Oct 16 2004	Americans expect too much????	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Kensington for 5 nights in early August. The reason I chose this hotel was because it's OFFICIAL website said it had Air Conditioning in all the rooms. The A/C did not cool our room for our entire stay. I reported the lack of A/C to the front desk the first day and they said they were working on restoring it. (The ice machine was not working on our floor either.) Temperatures were in the high 80's with a high humidity. We were not able to sleep. I reported the problem to the management the every day. I was assured it would be working soon. The A/C never cooled our room. We &quot;suffered: for 5 nights. We DID NOT pack up and move to another hotel because we had PREPAID for the room for the entire stay. The HOLIDAY INN policy states in the official website that if &quot;there is a problem with your stay, you will be reimbursed.&quot; I wrote to the manager and Holiday Inn when I returned to the States. I explained carefully the problems I encountered at the Kensington Holiday Inn. I received a surly letter in return stating that &quot;Americans expected too much and our stay would not be reimbursed.&quot; The official Kensington Holiday Inn website NOW states there is A/C in public areas only. This is a change that took place AFTER our stay! PLEASE BE AWARE that this HOLIDAY INN does not stand by HOLIDAY INN POLICY. Gee, I wonder if the Kensington Hotel has heat in the winter.....?????	
Sep 27 2004	Basic but Functional	Stayed overnight last Sat 18th September 2004Certainly not the ritz but then again your not paying for the Ritz ! Perfect for families, no problem for 2 adults + 3 kids in 1 room which isnt that easy to get at times. Leisure facilites pretty poor, jacuzzi + steam room out of action.Buffet Breakfast was excellent !!!All in all youd select this hotel for affordable clean accomodation with excellent location and a great breakfast anything else look elsewhere.Be sure to book on the holiday inn website for best rates	
Sep 7 2004	Great Place to Stay When Travelling With a Family	We just returned September 3, 2004 from a 3 week holiday in the UK, spending 4 days in London. Our booking was last minute. We were travelling with our two daughters, 16 and 20, finding it difficult in London to find accommodation for 4 adults last minute. I am sure I looked at every hotel in London on the internet. I was lucky to find the Holiday Inn, Kensington through recommendations from Trip Advisor and at an amazing price for the 4 of us. It fit all of our needs. We were not dissappointed. The room was the size we are use to in North America, quite large, with two double beds. A large bathroom with a great shower, lots of hot water and black granite floor. I asked for a room overlooking the garden and was granted my request. It was exceptionally quiet. We thought we were the only ones staying in the hotel! The hotel is right across the street from the tube, making travel around London very easy. Just up the street from the hotel is a Sainsbury grocery store, which is quite large. There is yet another grocery store in the tube station and another being built across the street. There is an internet cafe just around the corner, restaurants, etc., all within walking distance. But what makes the hotel most appealing is the location...away from the crowds of London, but with easy access to them!I would definitely stay again.	
Sep 5 2004	excellent choice	just got back from a trip to london...the hotel is in a great location across the street from the tube and a mini shopping center with restaurants a supermarket.very clean hotel with a great service, updated and well kept.try to get a room facing the garden .very good breakfest.it was a good choice for a stay with 2 kids in the room.we will go back next time.	
Sep 1 2004	Loved The Hotel	We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights in August, 2004. The hotel is in a great location and on the tube line.The rooms are large North American style rooms, rather than the smaller European rooms that are usually found in London. The hotel is very clean, is air conditioned and is very quiet. We managed to get a rate which included a very nice buffet breakfast.	
Aug 12 2004	Had a great time..	Just returned from a weekend in London where my daughter (6) and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Kensington. It was out first away together so I didn't want to be dealing with any hassles regarding the hotel and I must say the need never arose. The staff were friendly and helpful. I had requested a family (2 twin beds) room with a view overlooking the garden at the rear of the hotel (which is a joy itself) and was very happy that my requests had been met. The room was sizeable with all the necessary requirements and nicely furnished. It's obviously a family orientated hotel with as many kids as adults in residence and that in itself was a winning point for me.I would easily recommend this hotel to anyone with children staying in London and most definitely come back to stay again.	
Jul 21 2004	Great location comfortable hotel	This is a nice hotel with a great location. Don't confuse this hotel at 100 Cromwell Rd with the one down the street at 97 Cromwell (HI Forum). The other one is 27 stories with one ice machine. This one is a boutique hotel and has an ice machine on every floor (obviously important to me).Ask for a room facing the garden which will be quieter and a lovely view.The location is ideal. Within walking distance of Kensington Palace and the Victoria &amp; Albert. Directly across the street from the Gloucester Road tube station (served by the Circle, District and Piccadilly lines). Tons of restaurants within one block ranging from the Burger King to extremely elegant, a laundry within a block, two internet cafes within a block, a gift shop with a full Post Office is next door, a Waitrose (grocery store) is directly across the street, a Boots (drug store) is directly across the street, a 24 hour small grocer is within a block.Rooms are comfortable and can be spacious. I've found the best rates are deals offered on the Holiday Inn website. I've paid as little as 80 pounds, this is a moderately priced hotel for London if you book on the web site. Walk-ins pay 225 pounds. The TV is pretty dreadful, only gets about 12 stations and most of the time nothing worth watching on TV. There's a bar and a pub in the hotel. Concierge is pretty useless.Beds are soft but they have backboards if you ask for them. Safes in room that you set your own code for. The hairdryer is in the desk drawer and is definitely lowpowered. There's a clothespress in the room but they will send up an iron and ironing board when requested. Tea/coffee maker in room.If you travel with a computer you can check it at the front desk and they will hold it in the back office which only the staff have access to.	
Jul 10 2004	Good Transition to European Hotels	This hotel was a great transition to Europe. The room was large enough for three to be very confortable. Very convenient - only a block from the tube stop. The only strange part was most of the staff was French, not English.	
Jun 27 2004	Exceeded Expectations...Wonderful!	We're a family of five, and were thrilled to find a room that would accomodate all of us (with a rollaway). Upon check-in, we felt genuinely welcomed, and the desk clerk actually spent several minutes with us giving us advice about how to plan our sightseeing. Upon reaching our room, we were pleasantly surprised. I thought that we'd be shoehorned in, but the room was actually quite large for a European hotel. The bath was clean, and was large as well, although I do agreed with others about the mile-high tub. Our room also had french doors that allowed for plenty of ventilation, and gave a nice view of the back garden. And the location, less that a 5 minute walk from the Tube station, could not have been better. We did eat breakfast at the hotel every morning of our 4-night stay since it was included in our 99 GBP/night rate. We found it to be consistantly good. There was plenty of fresh fruit and pastries, as well as the traditional eggs, bacon, sausage, cold cereal, etc. Actually, since we had an additional person in our room, we should have paid for one of us each morning. But the staff never billed us and, when asked, told us that it was not a problem. We also ordered room service a couple of times, and found the service quick and the food to be good and not horribly overpriced (relatively speaking, of course!).Overall, I felt that we got a great value for our money. We've not always been thrilled with the Holiday Inn chain in the US, but we were very glad that we chose this hotel. Highly Recommended!	
Jun 25 2004	Pleasant Stay at Holiday Inn Kensington	My stay at the Holiday Inn Kensington June 12 to 16th was very pleasant overall. Except for the intial delay in getting my room. I had requested early checkin. However, upon arriving at the hotel at approximately 12 noon, I was informed by the desk clerk (the only not so pleasant member of the staff that I dealt with) that my room was not ready. No problem, I left my bags with the concierge (very friendly and accommodating) and went to have lunch. Upon my return at 2PM I was informed my room was still not ready. When I asked how this could be if checkin was at 2PM (according to Holiday Inn's website) I was informed by the desk clerk that checkin was &quot;from 2PM&quot; and that he didn't know when my room would be ready. I was not happy but I wasn't going to let that spoil my vacation so I went off sightseeing by the time I returned (almost midnight ) my room was ready. The room was nice and clean, a little small but comfortable double beds and roomy bathroom. The A/C worked pretty well despite hot weather. Had ice machine just down the hall. Only other problem was that despite 3 people in the room, each day the housekeeper only left 2 towels. Each day I had to request additional towels. Great places to eat near hotel, The Patisserie for breakfast and Pizza Piazza for Italian were two of my favorites. Waitrose across the street is a great market. 	
Jun 20 2004	Wonderful service........	My wife and I with our 18 and 21 year old children stayed at the Kensington Holiday Inn June 12-18. Upon arrival at 2 p.m. we were told our room wasn't ready and were asked to return in one hour. When we returned and the room still wasn't ready they immediately upgraded our room to a two level suite that was prepared. The rooms were terrific, the kids slept downstairs and we were upstairs. The staff quickly responded to our requests for a roll away bed, an iron and bowls for breakfast. The hotel has a small gym area with a good selection of free weights. There also is a sauna and a spa that we used several times, especially after walking the steps at the Eiffel tower. The hotel cafe serves an excellent grilled chicken sandwich with fries, cole slaw and coke for 5 GBP. The other reviews are accurate reference easy access to the tube, grocery store etc... (the best grocery store is Sainsbury two blocks up Cromwell). There are many restaurants nearby (Lonestar steakhouse that plays country music.....) an internet cafe and laundry mat are two blocks down the street, and an ATM is at the intersection. The hotel staff was outstanding, even though we may have seemed like the &quot;Griswolds&quot; at times they answered any of our questions. As a side note all the pubs quit serving at 11. The hotel bar serves until 1......our experience at this hotel was all positive and we will reccomend it to our friends 	
Jun 19 2004	Enjoyed Our Stay	We stayed at the Holiday Inn London-Kensington, 100 Cromwell Road (not to be confused with the Forum) from June 9th to the 16th and I was very pleased with it. Our room had French doors which opened and overlooked the garden at the back of the hotel. The size of the room was adequate and, apparently, if our travel agent is to be believed, this was one of the few hotels in London that could accomodate 3 people. The room itself was very nice and well-maintained, although our housekeeper never seemed to grasp the fact that there were 3 of us in the room, in spite of the 3 toothbrushes on display in the bathroom, so we were always short a glass and short on the coffee/tea supplies, but we never bothered to complain. By the way, if you're American and love your coffee, be aware that you'll be drinking instant coffee with milk--not cream--most places that you dine. Horrible! Anyway, back to the hotel: the bathtub stood about one foot above the floor and was difficult to climb out of--dont' know how I would have managed it if I were a senior citizen/pensioner. But, there was instant hot water and the AC worked just fine--we had to use our room &quot;key&quot; to operate the electricity in the room. I was surprised to find that wash cloths were provided, but I recommend bringing your own soap and shampoo. The squeeze bottle of combination body wash/shampoo in the shower stall was just not cutting the mustard. Breakfast was not included in our price for the room (which was 99 BP/night) and we did have breakfast there one morning at a cost of about $60.00, (or 13.00 BP per person--darned exchange rate!) so, needless to say, we did not return. No complaint about the breakfast itself, but it was just too dear. Fortunately, there are many places to eat nearby and a Waitrose grocery store directly across the street from the hotel. The Glouster Road tube station is also directly across the road, so this hotel is perfectly situated and the area is very safe and rather posh--the buildings on Cromwell Road reminded me of &quot;Upstairs, Downstairs&quot;. Finally, the staff were very courteous and the concierge answered our questions adequately. Would I stay here again? Absolutely!!	
May 27 2004	False advertising lies incompetence	VERY UNSATISFACTORY hotel. Three of us stayed there May 19-25,2004 in tw0 separate rooms. THIS HOTEL WRECKED A FULL DAY AND A HALF OF OUR TIME IN LONDON. I booked months ago. One smoking room and one non-smoking room, and received e-mail confirmation. I requested early arrival. We received our rooms about 11 am. but my room was a non-smoking room, so we had to be moved to another room. This room was unsatisfactory because it overlooked the street and had a view of only a rail outside when I had specifically requested a view of the courtyard. About 2 pm a smoking room with the courtyard view became available. The 6th floor is the only smoking floor in the hotel and THE WINDOWS DO NOT OPEN AT ALL. THERE IS NO VENTILATION. The Holiday Inn home website specifically states that the rooms are air-conditioned. LIES! (A staff of the Montana Hotel next door explained that the ac in the hotel had been broken foir TWO years!). The hotel asserted that the hotel had AIR COOLING, NOT Air-Conditioning. However, May 19 was warm in London, the hall on the 6th floor was like a furnace (90+degrees --too hot even if there was a bizzard outside) --and no ventilation and windows sealed hut. My 89 year old mom and I constantly quibble over the thermostat temperatures because she likes very warm temperatures but even she was MISERABLE. We brought the manager up to the room and complained. We told them we wanted to cancel the rest of our stay immediately.We talked to guest relations of the Holiday Inn and explained that we were Priority Rewards members (the hotel had us down under two different promotions). Guest relations tried to sell us rooms at the Holiday Inn Mayfair for more than twice the price. We were brought two fans.The next morning I requested to be put through to Priority Rewards on the phone. The hotel told me it was a long-distance call to Belgium at my expense. I then asked to be connected to Holiday Inn guest relations again, who connected me for free to Priority Rewards --who explained NEVER to complain to Holiday Inn guest relations but to go to Priority Rewards directly, and they would follow up with our complaints to the hotel directly. Priority Rewards also checked around for availaibility at a truly ac hotel at our AAA rate. The Kensington moved us about 2 pm (second day) to a better room on the first floor with one door that opened onto the courtyard: a nonsmoking room that they let us smoke in. The room overlooked the GARBAGE DUMPSTER but at least we had ventilation. The temperature had cooled outside so we decided to stay. It was not just us. Our companion on the 5th floor in a non-smoking room had a window that opened and he also suffered that first night. He also got a fan. I met a lady on the sixth floor that first night by the ice machine. She was just in for one night, and at 11 pm she was looking for another hotel because she didn't think she could take the heat and suffocation for that one night. She got a fan after talking to me. I also met numerous others in the hotel staying on the sixth floor even after the temperature cooled and they were very unhappy with the lack of ventilation. But the expression on the gentleman's face coming out of his room across from us after that first night was just priceless: dazed and miserable. Also I had to request numerous times for ANY amenities, ie a bar of soap. We were finally given a TINY bar of soap. We were told to just use the squeezable Dove soap dispensers in the shower and by the washbasin--which are difficult to squeeze if you have carpal tunnel in the right hand or are 89 yrs old. I finally got a shower cap. Forget shampoo. I was told by the chief housekeeper to use the Dove soap used for bathing in the shower. The toilet in the first room often would not flush, and the drains in the bathtub and sink were very slow to drain. The toilet in the second room was easier to flush, but the drain in the bathtub was worse than in the first room. I am requested compensation from Priority Rewards for that first miserable night. And perhaps writing Omnibus at Condo Nast Traveler for totally wrecking one and a half days in London.	
May 19 2004	Great Value	This hotel is a great value. I wasn't sure what I would get for 125 pounds per night but I was pleasantly surprised. As you may know, getting a hotel in London for less than $200/night is not easy especially with the exchange rate. However, this hotel is in a good location near the Gloucester tube station. You can walk to Kensington Palace Gardens, Harrods and Knightsbridge, the science museums and the Victoria and Albert Museum. Traveling with a young child, I was also pleased with the travel cot provided in the room and a grocery store right across the street to buy snacks, drinks, etc. The rooms were nothing special but they were roomy enough, clean and the staff were friendly and accomodating. The breakfast was a great surprise - fresh fruit, pastries, cereals, eggs, sausage, etc. I have stayed in more expensive places in London and was not as satisfied as I was with this hotel.	
Apr 28 2004	Great place to stay	My family stayed at this hotel for 7 days last month. The hotel is ideally situated across from the tube station, a grocery store and down the street from a post office. The post office also has currency exchange and tickets for tours and theater performances. Very handy. The rooms were clean and quiet. We faced the back garden which was very nice. The room became a little small for 3 adults staying for a week but for a shorter stay would not be a problem. The neighborhood is lovely and seemed quite safe. The full buffet breakfasts were complete and very good. The hotel restaurant had an Asian-Mediterranean twist that was not really to our taste so we only ate there twice. We were in Great Britain for 3 weeks and this was at the top of our list of hotels. We would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 19 2004	Very Nice Hotel	I have stayed with my family at the Holiday Inn London Kensington last year in August. The rooms are very specious, we had two twin rooms they were both with double beds and interconnecting. We have enjoyed staying there. The hotel has very large garden which is wonderful, I havent expected to have some nice, quiet and relaxing holiday in London, this Hotel was the best choice in London we have ever stayed.	
Apr 14 2004	Enjoyable stay at the Holiday Inn Kensington	Our family enjoyed recent stay Holiday Inn - London (Kensington). Rooms were sleek and with definite Eurpoean style. Lobby and public areas tastefully decorated. We didn't have any meals at the hotel (our rate did not include breakfast) so can't comment on food service, but the restaurant was packed most mornings of our stay so other guests obviously liked it. Staff was mostly friendly, some more than others but nothing to complain about. The hotel is in a great location, right near the Glouster Rd tube -- a definite plus. Overall, I definitely recommend this property; it is small and &quot;intimate&quot; unlike it's big brother (Forum hotel) down the road.	
Mar 23 2004	Holiday Inn Kensington good value	The Holiday Inn 21 day advance plan allowed us a good rate for London. Many hotels change by the person while Holiday Inn charges by the room. Did not include breakfast...we hopped across the street to the Waitrose for muffins and yoguart which was very affordable. Our room was small but not by London standards...very comfortable. Only a short walk to Natural Muesum of History and a bit longer to Harrods! Only complaint...don't ask them to get you an early morning taxi...we ended up with a private driver...and paid twice what a taxi would have been to Victoria...flag down your own taxi!	
Mar 23 2004	got my airline rate here	I've stayed here 2 times in the past 5 yrs. I like the location and the rooms are standard Holiday Inn rooms large with nice big bathroom, we have stayed here when we had 3 people as many London hotels don't have enough room for 3 and one time it was a senior cit with us and we needed to be close to tube and have elevators. The cost was 87.00 pounds and that was 1/2 price since I work for an airline. So needless to say I wouldnt stay here if I had to pay full rate. We didnt have breakfast inc but there are many places to eat right in the area and the fact that there is a small shopping ctr next to hotel with a Boots pharmacy and 2-3 restaurants made it convenient--they also held our bags when we got the early in the AM cuz we couldnt check in that early. Staff seemed to be nice--I have no problems with this hotel would stay again if I got the rate.	
Mar 14 2004	Run Down	Have stayed here before and whilst a good location directly opposite Gloucester Rd tube and on the Heathrow line or just as near Paddington for heathrow express on circle line the rooms are starting to suffer. This time (5 day stay in March 2004) air in the water pipes caused loud shuddering throught he night and the room thermostat did not work - despite being reported. Otherwise clean, reasonable breakfast and friendly staff. Howwever, will probably go elsewhere next time	
Mar 12 2004	Excellent	We were in London on a package deal that we actually bought while living in Spain. The hotels looked great in the brochure, but what a suprise when we got there. We were supposed to stay in the Hotel Majestic, just down the road from the Holiday Inn Kensington. It was nasty, hairs all over, dirty rooms, just a mess. After staying there one night we decided it would ruin our christmas trip and that we needed to find another hotel. We stopped in at the Holiday Inn Kensington and it was excellent. The lady at the front desk understood our situation and was very accomodating throughout our trip. The rooms were immaculate, cozy, and offered a bunch of ammenities. On christmas day we just stayed in the hotel room and handed out gifts and it felt almost like home. I would definitely reccomend this hotel to others!	
Mar 10 2004	a southern girl's prospective!		
Mar 1 2004	Nice Winter Visit		
Feb 28 2004	Heating Problems		
Feb 23 2004	Great Room BUT COLD!		
Jan 14 2004	disappointing		
Dec 9 2003	Geat Hotel		
Nov 6 2003	Excellent hotel!		
Nov 4 2003	Great hotel.		
Sep 3 2003	Great location		
Jul 14 2003	Holiday Inn to the rescue		
Oct 24 2009 	??????????		
Oct 19 2009 	peccato per il wifi non disponibile in camera!		
Oct 2 2009 	Ideal		
Aug 12 2009 	???????		
Jul 24 2009 	Zentral gelegen trozdem ruhig. Relativ teuer		
Jul 14 2009 	Bellissimo!!!!!!!		
Jun 28 2009 	London Unterkunft par excellence		
Jun 16 2009 	cómodo y con habitaciones muy cuidadas en los servicios		
May 25 2009 	Très mal insonorisé		
Apr 27 2009 	una buona esperienza		
Mar 9 2009 	Top Lage - sehr gepflegt		
Mar 8 2009 	nos robaron la cartera en la habitación		
Dec 12 2008 	Bel hotel bien positionné		
Dec 8 2008 	Eccellente hotel		
Nov 14 2008 	Bon hôtel de chaîne  sans surprise... sport compris!		
Aug 18 2008 	Das Holiday Inn Kensington ist ein sehr guter Standort für eine Stadtreise		
Jul 4 2008 	Hotel in guter Lage zu den Museen Parks und City		
May 25 2008 	Merveilleux séjour		
Apr 9 2008 	Molto comodo e ben tenuto buon rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Mar 24 2008 	Absolut empfehlenswert!!!		
Oct 31 2007 	ottimo albergo		
Aug 14 2007	très bonne situation  calme et commercant à la fois		
Jun 6 2007 	Molto soddisfatti		
