Nov 24 2009 	Expected more from a well-known chain	We recently spent 6 days in London at the Thistle Kensington Garden. It is within walking distance of the Queensway tube line, across the street from Kensington Garden and near several quaint restaurants. The breakfast was also very good. When we arrived at the hotel, we were not greeted for 15 minutes and waited for our room in the lounge for 1.5 hrs. We could get a room sooner if we paid for an &quot;upgraded room&quot;. When we arrived in the room, it was small but nice; until we started noticing the stains on the carpet, bugs (alive &amp; dead) . In the middle of the night, the fire alarm went off and the next morning when I spoke to management the response was &quot;sorry&quot;. Alarm? can't be helped but bugs? come one. Just bad customer service. I would recommend the many smaller guest houses where they actually care about your business.	
Nov 14 2009	weekend London	We had a nice few over Hyde Park. The room was nice. Everyone was very friendly.	
Nov 9 2009 	Not a 4 star hotel	The location of this hotel, right beside Kensington Gardens and a couple of blocks from both queensway subway station and bus station, it is rather good. But the hotel itself need refurbishment. The room I got on the 9th floor has clearly been a smoking room earlier. Make sure you turn on the air conditioning always for getting rid of the smell.The room was very damp and when taking a shower it was very obvious that the bathroom ventilation did not work. Nor did the phone or the hot towel rack.The breakfast was good, and nothing more than I expected. Fresh fruit every day, but a little thin on the bread. But overall a nice breakfast.Service was ok from the reception and the concierge, even though I felt sorry for the concierge not having light in the luggage storage room.Overall the hotel was ok, but I would rank it as a 3 star +.	
Nov 1 2009 	Not 4 star	The hotel was pleasant enough and clean but total absence of drawers in the room for a three night stay was more in keeping with a travel lodge and not a four star hotel. Lack of a fridge is also a bit of a let down as well. We do like to vary the areas we stay in and this suited us fine as we knew it was above a petrol station.	
Oct 27 2009 	Very pleasant mid-scale hotel.	The hotel is newly remodeled, with good-sized, clean rooms. Ours overlooked Kensington Gardens. Beds were comfortable. There was an English breakfast included -- eggs, sausage, bacon -- all in all, plenty to eat. Not too far from the Underground and on a bus line.	
Oct 27 2009 	Brilliant location	This was a great hotel. Good value brilliant location and a great breakfast. After travelling alot through Europe this was one the hotels with good value for money.	
Oct 25 2009 	Wonderful!	My sister and I arrived early at our hotel for our week in London. We were able to access our room immediately. Lovely view of the trees in Kensington Park on a somewhat noisy street. We were on the 4th floor over the gas station - no problem whatsoever with noise or fumes. Easy access to tube and buses. Hearty English breakfast each morning. We had a very pleasant dinner one evening at the hotel's retaurant. Comfy bed at night. The very rough (typically European) toilet paper was a bit of a shock, but one got used to it quickly. I don't know what more one could expect from a hotel at this price (part of a package).	
Oct 21 2009	Not the best hotel I've stayed in	The location of the hotel was convenient for the purpose of our stay - handy for the tube to theatre land. Also the sightseeing tour buses stop right outside the hotel. We were given a room for the disabled which meant the room was spacious and had either of us beeen disabled every need seemed to be catered for. We were glad that we were only on the second floor as quite often there was a queue for the lifts, and they were slow to arrive so we always used the stairs.Initial opinion of the room that it was clean and spacious although the decor looked a bit tired. On inspection of the bathroom we decided that there was an odour and on checking discovered that the toilet had apparently been used and not flushed - not a pleasant discovery!! We did inform the front desk but other than offer to move us we were given no other apology - decided however by the end of the weekend that there was possibly something wrong with the plumbing as both mornings it appeared that the toilet had been used and not flushed although neither of us had got out to the bathroom in the night.The beds were comfortable but the pillows were very firm.Breakfast was ok, but the cooked breakfast looked as if it had been hanging around for a while and was lukewarm at best, refills of coffee and tea were not automatically offered. We had to queue for breakfast on our second morning. We had one evening meal in the hotel - this was much better, hot and freshly cooked: this was on our first evening before we were put off by the breakfasts.Generally we were disappointed with the hotel.Judith, Telford	
Oct 9 2009	Great Location~Service needs much improvement.	My 2 daughters and I stayed for a week and loved the location. We were happy with the room which featured 3 single beds. We only had 1 towel and had to keep requesting more, and never had any washcloths at all. There was not a clock in the room, and we requested 2 wake up calls which never came. The restaurant was chaotic at breakfast and we had to wait to get seated several mornings. We couldn't understand why they don't add more tables in the main room or in the lounge area. There was a huge room in the back that also was never used. The girl who was seating one morning seemed irritated at us that we even came in for breakfast. It was difficult to get coffee or tea from the service people. The buffet was ok but some variety on different days would have been nice. If the hotel could work harder on their service and do something about their chaotic restaurant, it would be a nice place to stay. There was no excuse for not honoring our wake up calls, seeing that they don't provide alarm clocks, or not providing sufficient towels and washcloths.	
Oct 9 2009 	Bayswater Best	At first glance, the Thistle Kensignton Gardens hotel does't appear to be anything special - an unassuming structure around the corner from a gas station. But once inside, the cleanliness and friendly staff are a warm welcome. The breakfast buffet offers a satisfying array of breakfast staples - fried eggs, scrambled eggs, stewed tomatoes, sauteed mushrooms, beans, a selections of cold cuts and cheeses, yogurts, juices, pastries and more; in a cozy dining room with lots of natural light seeping in. The rooms are clean and bigger than I expected, and we were happy to have a room facing Hyde Park - offering a great view of double-decker red buses zooming by against the backdrop of the beautiful green hues of the famous park. The best part about staying here is the central location. Once you exit the hotel, you are steps away from the calming oasis of the park. Around the corner you have two tube stops to choose from - the Queensway station and the Bayswater station. It's only a five-minute cab ride to Paddington Station - making for an easy commute to Heathrow Airport via the Heathrow Express. If central location is a priority for your travels, I would certainly recommend this hotel. I was not disappointed.	
Oct 8 2009 	TIRED	Our relations from the USA were booked into a standard room as part of a package.I went along to see about staying here and saw a standard room at £160 per night.It seemed tiny and shabby.I was told they an upgrade to a larger room would cost an extra £20 per night.They upgraded and stayed and thought the breakfast was good, that the room size was adequate and the aircon was below par.We decided against staying because for £180 we can stay at the City Inn Westminster which is clean, modern with an Apple Mac in very room and free wi-fi and in a good location	
Oct 2 2009 	Loved the views of Kensington Gardens	First impression was not too good - as we were told they did not have our prepaid booking. Our voucher quite clearly stated our confirmation number and eventually they found our booking and gave us our room. We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights . The location was excellent, the room was spacious and the breakfasts great. We would stay again despite the front desk hiccup	
Oct 2 2009 	Not half as bad as reviews portray!	A comfortable stay in room 820: new mattress, air-conditioning &amp; heat, daily towels &amp; bed making, extremely hot &amp; powerful water pressure. Both concierge &amp; management were friendly &amp; helpful &amp; housekeeping staff were courteous - especially Mary! Additionally, could not ask for a better location - central to late night stores, shopping centers &amp; two tube stations: Queensway &amp; Bayswater. If opting for breakfast get there early - by 7:30, otherwise you will wait to be seated.Highly recommended is The Blood and Tears Walk (at night). Declan McHugh is highly versed in both bloodbath &amp; sordid neighborhood histories &amp; his knowledge &amp; personality make this the acclaimed award winning tour it is touted to be! Thank you, Declan for a wonderfully interesting time!	
Sep 27 2009 	Special Requests Ignored	I am a travel agent, and booked this break through Superbreaks. I travelled with my daughter and a friend and her daughter and spefically requested a high room and rooms close together. Neither request was noted or even referred to and we were placed in rooms on different floors. I mentioned the fact that my requests were not noted, and was told that they would try to do better next time! Unfortunately I am unlikely to visit the hotel again with so many other hotels of the same price bracket to choose from, and feel that in the present economic climate the hotel would do well to pay a little more attention to client requests.The hotel had a very good location, was clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was adequate, and the staff were friendly. Little extras like shower caps and body lotion were not provided, and we had to ask for a jug of milk as only two milk pots were provided in each room.	
Sep 24 2009 	Concrete block over a petrol station	Travelled with my wife and had booked the Thistle Hyde Park (much smaller, more traditional and more expensive) but at check-in was told they had a &quot;maintainance problem&quot; and was bumped to the cheaper Thistle Kensington Gardens.The room allocated looked to me to be a single with a double bed, only one bedside table, one extra pillow and towels for one. While I was out for a short walk my wife was briefly locked in the bathroom due to a faulty catch (paper stuffed into one side of the lock appeared to be the previous occupants method of preventing jamming).Enough is enough, we changed rooms with an upgrade. But even here we had a missing door on the fridge/ mini bar(empty) and no plug for the bathroom sink.Breakfast was just as described by other reviewers, did they mention the canned tomatoes........ in a 4 star hotel!	
Sep 7 2009 	Awful service and discusting rooms!	We booked and pre-payed 4 nights at this hotel at hotels.com. Arrived very late, about 2.30 a.m friday night. When we arrived we understood right away that something was wrong. The nightwatch lady working obviously didn`t find our reservation. She went into the backroom and stayed there for a couple of minutes, making phonecalls or whatever. Well she came out and told us she didn`t have a doubleroom for us, but the good news was: they had a single room for us. We didn`t know what to think, we were tired and really just wanted to go to bed. We asked if they had available rooms at their sister hotels, since they are member of a big chain. But no, they were all fully booked. She just stared at us, like this was our problem and not hers. I asked if we would get any compensation for this, she answered thet maybe we could get a meal for free, eat for 2 and get one free..or upgraded room..Are you kidding me? We were standing there in the middle of the night and she wouldnt help us at all. We just had to take the single room, we couldn`t look and pay for another hotel in the middle of the night. She promised us that they would give us the first available double room next morning. The single roowere crap, the sheets and everything was clean but overall the room felt dirty. Stains on the carpet and really, really old. We didnt sleep at all that night. Next morning we went down and asked about our new room, it would be ready 2 pm the receptionist told us, well, not what the nightwatch promised us. Then maybe they`ll give us a really nice room we thought. We asked about compensation and had to discuss a little bit to get free breakfast but we got it for all days which was nice. When we finally could check into our double room (actually we booked a family room which were supposed to be a little bit bigger) we got very dissapointed. They didn`t upgrade us a bit, the room were not nice at all. Stains at the carpet, cracks in the wall and the ceiling. Tiny tiny bathroom. Didn`t feel clean at all. Again we went down and the receptionist told us that they actually had given us a deluxe room!!?? I work in a hotel myself, in Norway. It is a 3 star hotel but compared to this hotel my hotel is a 5 star hotel. We would NEVER treat our guests that way. This is the most awful service I have ever experienced in my whole life. The hotel is not cheap and we don`t have the best economy but we wanted to stay at a nice hotel for our vacation, well if thats what you want too, do NOT stay at the Thistle Kensington Gardens!	
Aug 28 2009	Enjoyed our stay. I would recommend this.	Spent a week here with my daughter. The room, while small, overlooked Kensington Gardens and was clean and comfortable. Hotel is convenient to Paddington &amp; Heathrow Express, as well as Queensway tube. Easy walk to Kensington Palace and the Gardens. The staff was pleasant, helpful and the breakfasts were a nice way to start the day. It was a reasonably priced choice for a visit where not much time was spent in the room	
Aug 26 2009 	It was okay	The hotel was clean, the staff was nice (although they were 30min. late with my wake-up call). The room was smaller than our hotel rooms in Italy. The location was quiet and sort of on the outside of the night life, but really close to the Queensway underground station, which made it easy to get to the core of London. We thought the breakfast was overall greasy and salty, but we are not accustomed to the traditional English breakfast. I	
Aug 17 2009 	ok for one night good siuation but small room and tiny restaurant	Nicely situated opposite Hyde Park and near tube but room was very small and restaurant was too small although full English was good	
Aug 17 2009 	Just about worth what I paid !	I purchased 4 nights at this hotel on American Airlines Vacations.com because I knew the location was very good and the price was extremely cheap for summer in London (USD $91+ per night inclusive of taxes and full English breakfast buffet). On arrival, the person at the desk did not know how to check a guest in. Some minutes later, another agent came along but could find no record of my reservation. I handed her my printed voucher and she did manage to get me a quiet room, top floor, double bed. However, the room's TV did not work and the AC did not work. It bore no resemblance to photos on the hotel's own website. The bathroom was functional but very low water pressure and in 4 days there was no additional soap or shampoo left. The room and bathroom were cleaned each day; the room was reasonably large; and it was very quiet. The breakfast room was too small for the number of guests. One had to arrive very early or very late or else be put on a waiting list and waste time in the lobby. The food was not bad at all, a help-yourself buffet of hot and cold items although service was poor (hard to get a 2nd cup of coffee). The hotel had only 3 small lifts and one of these was out of service my entire stay.If you can get a room there very cheap, its very handy for sightseeing, underground stations and restaurants. I had to laugh at the board by reception which posted a nightly rate of GBP 245 !	
Aug 10 2009 	Very disappointing - don't bother even if it's cheap	Booked this for two nights through Travelzoo at a discounted price offering &quot;free upgrade to de-luxe room&quot; which we didn't receive even though the receptionist confirmed this at check in. The room was clean but very small, the mattress and pillows were hard as rock, no hand towels after the room clean on Saturday, receptionist promised to sort this but didn't. They offered a wake up call and morning papers which we booked for 7am, at 7.15am I had to ring reception to remind them. Papers arrived incomplete but were taken off the bill. Breakfast only &quot;ok&quot; although the staff were efficient and pleasant. Didn't get breakfast on 2nd morning as the dining room is too small to cope, there was a massive queue, we would have waited at least an hour so we walked down Bayswater Road to an Italian cafe where we bought an excellent breakfast. We certainly won't be staying here again.	
Aug 9 2009 	Clean and Budget-Friendly	I went to London for a week and the first thing I noticed about the hotel was that it not only overlooked Hyde Park, but that it was overtop a gas station. Thistle Kensington was a clean, budget-conscious hotel. The rooms were small, but comfortable. The hotel is just a blocks from some terrific restaurants, close to the Tube station and right across the street from Kensington Park and Kensington Palace. The breakfast buffet was nothing special but there is something for everyone. The earlier you get to breakfast the better. The safe in the room was a definite plus, but the lack of towels was not.	
Aug 3 2009	EXcellent	The Thistle Kensington was fabulous. The staff was courteous and very helpful with everything. The location is great. Minutes away from shopping and the Tube to travel anywhere. The rooms are very comfortable and the meals are well worth it. Room service was da bomb!!	
Jul 26 2009 	Great Location	I was a little worried about what some of the reviews said about this hotel but I have to say that I had very few problems. The room was a good size and was clean. I forgot to ask for a non-smoking room but since my room faced Hyde Park, located right across the street, I just turned off the air conditioning and opened the window. The weather was cool so the air that blew into the room was refreshing and cleared out any smell of cigarettes. My only problem was with the hotel phone. I had trouble dialing out so I had to have the front desk connect my calls each time. What I loved most about this hotel was its location. Literally a 5 minute walk to the Queensway tube station and 10 minutes to the station in Bayswater. It was great. The restaurants, supermarkets, and souvenir shops in the area closed late so I was always able to find a good selection of eateries. Also, my watch battery died one day and I was able to get that fixed in a jiffy at the shopping mall in Bayswater. An internet cafe located on Bayswater Road, on the way to the Queensway station, was also convenient and cheap - 75 minutes for £1.5 and you have 24 hours to use it up. Just time it right and you're good.	
Jul 5 2009	Pleasantly surprised	There were 37 of us in our group and we travel frequently We arrived way too early at 0900 and were told rooms would not be ready until 2 p.m. They gave us a room to store our luggage and freshen up. It is convenient to Queensway and Bayswater and Notting Hill Road tube stations. The big bus tour company with the open top, hop on hop off bus stops right outside the door. My room was air conditioned, overlooked Hyde Park, very comfortabler bed and good powered shower. I thought it woul dbe noisy at night as the road is quite busy but it was fine. Not the best triple glazed windows though for a hotel on a busy road. The room had a small fridge behind the door marked mini bar but the others in the group opened their mini bars to reveal nothing, the fridge had been removed. This is inconvenient if you want to keep stuff cold. Staff pleasant enough. Not sure what the 12.5% service charge is for when you order a drink at the bar. Several guests ahead of me challenged it and the waiter said it was up to the guest but if the guest did not say anything it was automatically added to the bill. Strange..I said I did not want to pay the service charge so paid the price that was indicated on the menu. Felt bad for the waiter as I'm sure he was only following management rules. Overall I was very pleased with the hotel and would stay there again. Lots of pubs, restaurants, shops in the area. Boots, Tesco, Superdrug and Whitleys shopping mall are all just around the corner.	
Jul 2 2009 	Perfect for what we wanted.	As we checked into the hotel (early check-in) we were asked if we wanted to upgrade to an executive king at no charge. Our room was overlooking Hyde Park and was perfect for our needs. We did not come to London to spend time in our room. The location was great, close to Queensway Tube. Again, we did not come to London to critique our breakfast. It was adequate. The concierge was helpful, depending upon which was on duty. Yes, I would recommend this hotel and yes, we would most definitely stay again. If I wanted to stay in an American-like hotel, I would have stayed in the States.	
Jun 4 2009 	Just OK	And it got this rating because of the wonderful breakfast staff and the concierge on duty when I was not a guest. The desk staff was absolutey clueless. The breakfast staff and the breakfast itself were wonderful. The staff was extremely pleasant and the buffet was good and lots of food options.The desk staff were clueless. Example. My sister lives in Cambridge, England. I was trying to call her from my room. No success. So I called down to get some help. They told me how to do it. Still no success. So I went down to the desk for help and got a big sigh from the room clerk. Gave them the phone info. She tried. Couldn't do it. Another person tried, couldn' t do it. Another person couldn't do it. Finally the breakfast staff manager (?) came by and was able to place the call. I could understand if they had a problem placing a call from one country to another. But within England?Trying to book a trip to the Cotswolds took over an hour from a brochure provided by their concierge.I had to go back a week later to catch a shuttle from there. There was another concierge who got me coffee and a croissant even though I was not currently a guest. He also took my bags until the shuttle came. Great service there.My room was extremely small, even for a single. Felt like a cell.	
Jun 4 2009 	Pretty good place	Good location. Easy walk to underground and bus stops. Not freshly prepared quality but breakfast OK, eggs, bacon, sausage, and regular buffet breakfast food. Staff very polite and helpful. Room OK overlooking Hyde park. Note if you get an adjourning room check out closet space before accepting. Altho we had a room facing the street, noise was not a problem. Chk out Four Seasons GREAT chinese restaurant walking distance east on Queensway. Avoid &quot;leaflet&quot; indian restaurants.	
May 9 2009 	Surpringly pleasant!	I had very low expectations for the hotel considering it's a 3 star hotel. But, I was pleasantly surprised. It was not bad at all. The location was convenient, and I got a room with an excellent view of the Hyde Park. It's a quiet area, yet close to busy Queensway! The staff were very hospitable, and accomodating. The room was very homey &amp; comfortable. I got an excellent rate from Hotels.com.	
Apr 3 2009 	You can do better than this	Stayed three nights whilst attending a conference. Good location, right on the edge of Hyde Park, and friendly, professional staff. But my double room was very small, cramped and dark, with almost no storage space, the cooked breakfast was dry and rubbery (even if you got there when breakfast started at 7AM) and the miserly provision of consumables was irritating: for £115 a night you expect more than one little bottle of shampoo and one of bath foam to last you a three-night stay, and two little pots of UHT milk per day. So if you like to bath/shower frequently or to have more than one cuppa a day (or a biscuit to dunk in it) , stay somewhere else or be prepared to beg for more than the hotel rations you to. One other thing: my room, at the back of the hotel, was at least quiet; I suspect those at the front - on the busy Bayswater Road and over a 24-hour petrol station - may not be. I'm afraid that even at central London prices you can do much better than this place.	
Mar 26 2009 	A good mid-range London hotel	We booked this hotel for a 3 day theatre break because it was close to Queensway tube station and not far from Oxford street shops. Reception was quick and easy with friendly staff and even though we arrived 3 hours early they allowed us access to our room on the 8th floor. The room was quite well used , clean and tidy but the view from the window across Kensington Gardens was spectacular in the Spring sunshine and quite made the day.. The beds were robust and comfortable and the room had a large tv and tea/coffee making facilities ( found after a search!).We had seen reports that the all-night petrol station on the forecourt under the hotel was noisy at night but we experienced no particular problems other than from general traffic noise from the busy Bayswater road below but even that became quiet after midnight. Soundproofing of the windows was just acceptable but not up to present day standards. The buffet breakfasts were very good, as we have come to expect from Thistle hotels, with friendly, efficient staff on hand at all times..The opened-top Big Red Bus stops right outside and although somewhat pricy at £24 per head it is an interesting and fun way to see London, (provided it is not raining) especially for first time visitors. . We enjoyed our stay in this comfortable modest hotel and would book again.	
Mar 25 2009 	Very pleasant stay	Just returned from three nights at the Thistle Kensington Gardens and after reading some of the reviews I was a bit apprehensive about the hotel but have nothing but good things to say. We checked in very quickly and found our standard double room to be perfectly adequate for our stay. The room was very clean, had a comfortable bed, large tv and tea and coffee making facilities which were replenished each day. The bathroom was very small but having the luxury of a hot bath at the end of a busy sightseeing day was bliss - toiletries provided and replenished as required. No hairdryer in the room but I believe you can ask for one at reception. Our room was at the back of the hotel and was very quiet - we slept with the window open and were not disturbed - perhaps the rooms looking over Kensington Gardens would be noisy as the road is always busy. Ate breakfast every day at the nearby Black Lion pub - highly recommended! Loved the area and would definitely use this hotel again.	
Mar 3 2009 	I hate the narrow hallway in the building though the hotel location was good.	It might be because I am from Thailand where the cost of living is much lower that in London. Personally, I think the rates of the room I stayed were too high compared to the quality I got. The room itself was not that bad, but it was not as clean as I had expected. The amenities were not as many as what I had got when I stayed in a hotel in Thailand or from the Websters Bed &amp; Breakfast I stayed in Salisbury, UK. The worst thing was the narrow hallway. I often imagined what if there was fire in the building? It might have been difficult for me to escape when the hallway was so small. I might be pessimistic.. but personally I feel like this.	
Mar 2 2009 	Good value great location	We picked this hotel for its location near Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens. The rooms were average size for a London hotel with a very comfortable king-sized bed and a bathroom shower with fantastic water pressure. In London you can't always count on either of those things. The traditional English breakfast was included in the room rate and was adequate. I'm not a big fan of baked beans for breakfast in the morning but the toast, sausage and eggs were more than enough to get me going each day.Some reviewers have complained about the noise and the gas station on the ground floor. Other than horses clopping outside our window at 7:30 each morning -- a nice sight to us -- we didn't have any trouble with noise. And the gas station came in handy for grabbing a snack at the end of the day.If I could change one thing about the hotel, it would be to provide free wi-fi to guests. Currently they sell British Telecom packages of minutes at fairly outrageous prices. My advice is to skip it and just stop by any McDonald's in London when you need to download your email.Overall, we had a nice week at the Thistle and would stay there again.	
Feb 22 2009 	Great value. Nice location.	We were happy with this hotel. The location was good next to Hyde Park. The hotel seemed tidy and clean. Our room was small but perfectly formed. For a couple of nights sightseeing it was fine. It seemed to have been recently decoartated. The communal areas of the hotel were the same standard as 4 star hotels we've stayed in. The only couple of things to note - The hotel website says that the nearest underground station is Lancaster Gate - we found on our last day that the nearest underground is actually Queensway - can't understand why the hotel would give out incorrect information! The other thing is breakfast - on a Saturday allow plenty of time because you will have to wait! We left it till last minute and then were in a rush for out train home! I don't think its a problem unless you are one of many who likes breakfast as late as you can get it!All in all though we were pleasantly surprised with the value we got - we paid £69 a night.	
Feb 4 2009 	Being so close to the tube made up for the bad service.	Ideal it was only 2 minutes walk from the Queensway tube station on the Central line. So only 3 tube stops away from the centre of londons shopping and shows. Reception was awful, they are booking you in but asnwering the phone every 2 seconds which made booking in take ages, also The hotel has a 24 hour petrol station underneath is so for our friends who's room was in the front said it was very noisy. In our room we had just a gap where the fridge should have been and our standard room was VERY small although the twins were a bit bigger. My partner burn't them self on the Iron as when you open the door to get the fixed ironing board out you have to keep the door open which blocks the light. They also would not give them anything from first aid to help him and advice that boots was 3 streets away. On the up Breakfast was nice although you have to wait about 30 minutes to get a table unless you get there by 7:45am. I wouldn't say don't stay there just make sure you get it cheap on lastmintue or some other discount. Or like us you know you are only there to sleep for 8 hours and then out all day every day.	
Jan 18 2009	Four Star Unleaded!!	Stayed at the hotel for one night as part of a trip to the theatre, had previosuly booked four star accomodation at a similar price in london a few weeks earlier, and consequently expected better.Hotel is conveniently located by Queensway Tube but not that close to the West Ends and its theatres.On arrival was surprised to find that the hotel was located above a petrol station. The concierge was a small ground floor area with the reception and bar come dining area on the first floor.We had a twin room and the double, the twin was a reasonable size but the double was very small . The twin overlooked the busy Bayswater Road which with the 24 hour garage was very noisy. The rooms were ok but nothing grand, no fridge,mini-bar sat tv, wardrobe minus a door, dodgy shower fitting.On the fist night we came to the bar for a drink before bed, we had been out for a meal and were well wrapped up, good job as it was FREEZING! One beer and then bed you couldnt sit there it was that cold.The same area doubled for the dining area the next morning but was warmer. Breakfast was nice with the staff friendly and accomodating, the staff throughout were friendly.To conclude poor location, noisy road, cold bar area, small room, nothing special with friendly staff. Only other good point the petrol was cheap and was the only four star thing available.	
Jan 2 2009	Staff was Awesome	I stayed at this hotel from December 25-Jan1, 2009. Since we arrived on December 25, 2008 at 8:00am our room was not ready. However, they gave us a free upgrade with 3 twin beds. We found the room spacious with a refrigerator which is a godsend with the London prices. We had a 40&quot; LCD TV and a very good size bathroom with a deep tub. I can not say enough about the friendliness of the concierge and the staff. Both were extremely helpful and friendly. The location was ideal for our plans. The restaurants around the corner at Queensway were reasonably priced. I would stay there again.	
Dec 13 2008 	Hmm would not stay again	I only booked this hotel as we needed a triple room (unfortuntely one of our group then dropped out), on entering the hotel I thought it looked ok enough and it was very conveniant for the tube which helped, although entering our room it all went downhill.As I lay on my tiny single bed the mattress leaned up to one side it was that hard, the wall was missing a picture (you could tell due to the picture hook and light patch - who steals a picture?), the bathroom at some point had lost tiles and these had been misplaced with more mismatched one's! Although it was clean and there were tea and coffee making facilites but for the cost I thought we could of got better.The breakfast was nice enough but the staff would often forget to ask if you wanted tea or toast which could get annoying trying to get there attention.	
Nov 26 2008 	Average - Dont pay full price	Room was very run down and under-lit. In need of refurb. Bed comfortable and reasonably quiet. Much nicer looking thisle further up the road. We booked through lastminute.com so it was cheap but you'd be VERY disappointed if you'd paid full price! The breakfast was very average hotel fayre. Picture convenienly cuts off the Shell garage beneath as well!Location is OK but nearest tube station is only on the central line.Overal, not awful, but not great. Pick only if you get a rate you cant refuse.	
Oct 7 2008 	Great stay would definitely go back!	Booked through wotif.com and got a fantastic rate, half the usual rate. Called Thistle reservations department &amp; the guy was incredibly helpful and looked at the website whilst on the phone to me and reassured me that the pictures were accurate etc. Once booked, read some reviews about petrol station below the hotel etc etc and started to worry, wondering how we managed to find such an incredible rate compared to any of the other hotels or any other cheap booking websites.Got there and yes there is a petrol station but it did not affect our stay in any way. The building isn't as ugly to look at as what some people have said, and even if it isn't picturesque, who cares about the outside?!Entrance is to the side so out the way of the petrol station (which was very handy late at night on the way back if we ever needed anything). Hotel is directly opposite an entrance to Hyde Park, perfect location. On a main road but once inside, not only do you not hear it but you completely forget all about that. Walk in and go up a floor to Reception, very nice. Whenever we went to Reception or Concierge, staff were always friendly, smiling &amp; helpful and didn't mind showing us different things or asking for places to eat, places to see. Room was not huge but it was big enough, clean, fresh and nicely decorated. Comfortable bed, plenty warm enough &amp; air con if we needed it which occasionally we did. We were slightly worried at first as our room looked out on a car park &amp; what seemed like extraction system or something that could be noisy. Slightly worried about any possible early deliveries that may wake us up but nothing like that happened. Bathroom again not huge but definitely wasn't too small with a bath &amp; a fantastic power shower. Always clean &amp; each morning the bed was made immaculately and towels refreshed whenever necessary.Only one slight thing was on the first night when we went to the bar to get a few drinks, we obviously realised it wouldn't be cheap (it wasn't extortionate either), but the barman looked fairly new &amp; the 2 pints of lager that we ordered were more like half pints, the rest head. We found it quite amusing though and eventually we did ask for them to be filled up more when another member of staff came to see what was taking so long. Still did not reflect badly on stay or hotel though, just one of those things.All in all - thoroughly enjoyed stay, very close to Queensway tube station, perfect location in regards to Hyde Park, great staff, would definitely recommend &amp; return if we ever got the chance but only if we managed to get such a good deal as we were on a budget &amp; couldn't afford the full rate (it would be worth it though for anyone else that can!) Also found a great pub within walking distance on the way to the tube station called the Black Swan, fantastic breakfast, great value, went back for dinner another night &amp; drinks a few times. Very friendly place.	
Oct 6 2008	more Cons than Pro's	I stayed here as it is close to Shepherds Bush Empire, and I was going to a gig. It was not possible to use the bar the evening I stayed as there was a party on. I ordered a drink via room service, never arrived. My friends were allocated a smoking room( not requested), which really smelt, and had to be moved. We waited over 20 minutes to be seated for breakfast and eventually gave up as were had to be elsewhere. My friends were charged for a drink on their bill which they never had ( chance would have been nice) Asked reception to validate my parking ticket on check out , was asked if I registered my car when I arrived. I bluntly informed them I had not been requested too. There is a Shell Garage shop next door, thats a pro, otherwise the staff are useless but if you can get a room for under £90, you may wan't to consider it for one night. Otherwise, I would avoid. Poor	
Sep 23 2008 	Good location	We stay in this hotel for 5 nights because my daughter is assigned to stay in this hotel for her study abroad program in London. We love this hotel, the location is great, close to 2 tube station--Queensway and Baywater (less that 5 minutes walk). There are many restaurants and shopping areas on Queensway, 2 blocks around the corner from the hotel. There is a nice restaurant nearby on baywater rd with all you can eat full English Breakfast for 4.99 pounds while in the hotel you have to pay 12 pounds per person. The service is great, the room is a little small but the bathroom is good size. We always have new supplies of shampoo, lotion, soap everyday and they even supplied us with slippers and bath robes. One day they forgot to replace the face cloths, when I called the front desk, they sent some one to bring us the towels right away. We lived on the 5th floor and our window has a nice view of Kessington garden acroos the road.There is a bus stop right in front of the hotel for the tour bus and they can sell you tickets right there. We had been using our Oyster pass to go on the Tube to go places and is very convenient.We used Heathrow Express to go to Paddington station and then take a taxi to the hotel. We found out later that we can actually save a lot of money by going on the tube. On our return trip, we got on the Baywater Tube station to Earl Court and the transfer to Heathrow . It cost 3.5 pd on weekdays and 2 pd on weekend versus 14 pd on Heathrow express.	
Sep 23 2008 	Better inside than out	I had boked this via laterooms &amp; got a good deal for the 1 night. On arrival at the hotel I was suddenly thinking I had made a mistake though - it is above a petrol station in a 1960s style tower block - not the prettiest building &amp; the entry is 2 small lifts from a small lobby.However things got better - the staff on reception were very friendly &amp; helpful &amp; the room was great - clean, light and modern.The location was superb - across the road from Hyde Park so great to get out for a run &amp; clear my head &amp; great views of the park from the room.Also very close to shops restaurants &amp; great choice of places to eat if you don't want to stay in the hotel &amp; convenient for tube.	
Aug 26 2008	Basic Hotel	We stayed in this hotel as part of a package deal, otherwise we would not have booked this hotel. Our experience of ThistleHotels is limited but we would never choose this chain of hotel due to its lack of quality. Which is exacly what we experienced during our stay this time.In fairness the room was sizeable (for london!) but the bathroom was tiny and did not provide all the toiletries I would expect for a 4 star, no moisturiser, shower cap etc...which I now find are becoming more important due to the liquid restrictions whilst flying. We went to breakfast on the 1st morning about 9am so not too late or during the peak time, however the service was absolutely terrible....we were told that our server would bring tea/coffee/toast etc however, we had to ask 5 times for this....and when the toast did come it was not what we asked for (brown instead of mixed)! The food area (it was buffet style) was small and was messy, which gave the impression it was dirty, the quality of the bacon was poor....Which meant on our 2nd morning we didn't even bother going down to breakfast.Reception is situated on the 1st floor, so lifts are available from the ground floor to the 1st floor...we actually walked up the stairs to reception but people with lots of luggage would not be able to do this...and many people don't bother with stairs whether they had luggage or not!!!....the problem being that the lifts are so slow and old that you are waiting forever for them....which is very frustrating when your room is on the 5th floor!All in all a poor tired looking hotel...not an experience to be repeated for us!	
Aug 14 2008 	Ugly Building but good accomodation	Yes, agree with the ugly building but the room was OK. Was a wee bit small with our two large suitcases but that is to be expected in London. In the hallway there had been a water leak so smelled a bit musty but our room was unaffected. Was able to get wireless internet connection in the room (not free). Breakfast was lovely, nice light dining room. Great location. We walked to Buckingham Palace and Trafalgar Square from here via Hyde Park. Close to Notting Hill as well. Tube station only 2 blocks away. Overall a good place to stay.	
Aug 9 2008 	Excellent base for sight-seeing	Stayed for 3 nights in a triple room with family. The exterior is ugly, but inside the hotel is perfectly fine. Modern tastefully furnished rooms, most overlook Hyde Park. Rooms are a good size, bathroom is small but well laid out, air con available but didn't really need to use it. All staff very friendly and professional. Noticed a strange smoky musty smell in the corridor, but didn't encounter it in the room, lift or lobby.Petrol station at ground level was very useful for buying snacks and drinks at the beginning or end of each day.Tube stations are very close, and many shops and restaurants are only a short walk away.Would recommend.	
Jul 30 2008 	Really Enjoyed my stay	Despite the number of questionable reviews about this hotel, I really thought it exceeded all of my expectations. The hotel was clean, all of the staff was really nice. I agree, it wasn't the prettiest from the outside, but having a convenience store downstairs helped alot for getting food at all hours. We stayed 3 nights here, connected to a American Airlines vacation package. When we arrived, we were offered an upgrade for 20 GBP per night from a standard room to a King bed room, and it was totally worth it. Had a nice view of the park, and the room had everything I would expect coming from the US. It even had some 110V outlets, so we didn't have to use a converter. The breakfast was included, and was quite yummy. I only had a few minor problems, including one light out in my room, and we got a wake up call that we didn't request (had the wrong room at 4:15am!). Otherwise, all was good, so don't be afraid to try it out!	
Jul 24 2008 	Pretty good in all respects	I've not had good experiences with Thistle hotels before, but this one was absolutely fine.Location good - overlooking Hyde Park and a few minutes from the Tube.First impressions not good - ugly building over a petrol filling station!Once inside - absolutely fine. Public areas attractive and well kept. Staff very friendly (especially breakfast staff who were smiley and helpful).Bedroom was small, but clean, quiet and well maintained.Breakfast buffet very good.There are some really awful hotels in London - but this isn't one of them! Good value (for London) at GBP90 including breakfast.	
Jul 9 2008	Robbed!! Stay Away!!	After reading an earlier review where another customer said they were robbed in this hotel, I was a bit worried, but had no choice but to stay here because I was staying here as part of a large group. I made sure every day to bring all personal belongings with me (i.e. cell, passport, money...). My friend, however (staying in another room) did not and was robbed of almost all his personal posessions while we were out seeing a show, gone only a few hours!  Anyway. Here are a few things you should know about the hotel: Since I was staying with a large group I saw many different of the basic rooms (all costing the same). If you have to stay here and have a choice, I would TRY to get a room on floor 8. The rooms on floor 4, while they have American electricity plugs which are handy, are quite a bit smaller for the exact same price, ESPECIALLY in the bathroom department. The elevators are very small, even by European standards, and rarely work. On the plus side, I got quite a workout while staying here. The only plus side I would say is the morning breakfast buffet. Its really cute and offers a nice view of Hyde Park.  Staff is friendly but could do more to fix problems in the hotel, it seems like a lot was broken (our window, for example...the sliding glass door...the elevators!!). Walls were cracked and damaged. The interior of this hotel is dated. Don't be fooled by the photos online.  I would not stay here again, and I would advise unless you REALLY had to, to not either.	
Jul 6 2008 	Almost Fawlty Towers.	I have recently had the displeasure of staying at Thistle Kensington Gardens for almost two weeks.I was shocked by the unpleasant manner of almost all of the staff I dealt with throughout my stay.There was no hairdryer in the 'hairdryer' drawer. After waiting for an hour and a half, I called reception to ask where my requested hairdryer was and they said they were waiting for me to call back as they'd forgotten which room had asked for one. This example was very typical of almost daily issues encountered.Also - I thought 'do not disturb' was a pretty simple request to follow but at 8am on a Saturday morning, apparently not.I expected a lot more for 4 stars. The room was comfortable. The staff, however, made me feel uncomfortable and very very annoyed.Try to stay anywhere BUT the Thistle.	
Jul 2 2008 	It Stinks - Literally!	We stayed at the Thistle Kensington Garden for five nights in June for an average of 90 pounds a night. I would not recommend this hotel due to the strong musty/mouldy smell in the hallway and room. We deliberately tried not to spend any time in the room due to the smell which seemed particularlay bad in our section of the building. Overall, our room could have been cleaner and a top sheet for the bed would have been nice.There are a few redeeming features of the hotel. The staff at reception were pleasant upon check-in and upgraded us to a better room for no extra charge. We ended up with a room on an upper floor overlooking the park. It was a great view! Perhaps the biggest advantage of the hotel is that it is a short walk to two tube stations on different lines, providing great access to the city. There are also some shops and restaurants only a few short minutes from the hotel, which was very handy.I would not stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 28 2008 	Not a Bad Hotel	I booked this hotel through British Air with three nights for the price of two with breakfast thrown in. As others have said, it doesn't impress from the outside, though it is in a very good location. I had a tiny room on the 9th floor, which was fine though I thought the bath was a bit unsafe as some of the handholds were gone, and it was high one. The staff were all very helpful and courteous, and the breakfast was very nice though I would not have paid for it had it not been included. It was where I wanted to stay in London this time; so I was satisfied with my choice.	
Jun 13 2008 	Great Hotel	This was a great hotel in a great location. Traveled with my 23 year old daughter and our hotel overlooked Kensington Gardens. Room was nice, food very good. Only issue was problem with toilet, but they fixed when we made them aware. Be sure and go to &quot;The Swan&quot; which is just a few blocks from hotel. Great little two man band, yummy food and great place to people watch.	
May 29 2008 	Very handily placed for where we wanted to be!	Stayed here for two nights over a weekend, we usually stay at the Landmark or County Hall, so it was good to try elsewhere. Very friendly greeting from the Concierge and Reception. We arrived bang on 2 p.m. (earliest check in time) and were immediately allocated a room on 6th floor overlooking the Park. First impression, lifts on the small side and slow, a problem at busy times.Location very handy, within walking distance for Albert Hall (where we were attending a concert), Harrods, Museums etc. Late Bar available on return from concert.Room a little on the small size wise but adequate for our needs. One major problem was the room doors banging as they close, this appears to be due to the adjustment on the closers, they close very slowly then slam at the last minute. Early risers elsewhere in the corridor woke us up with this both mornings.Breakfast choices fine and a good point that they serve until 11 a.m., a short wait was needed for a table as it was so busy with a coach party.Found the Concierge to be very helpful and knowledgeable, and quick to arrange a couple of things we needed.Shell shop below the Hotel handy for odds &amp; ends, newspapers etc.Only real gripe was the charge for wireless internet access, and the need to register through BT, most establishments we have been to recently seem to offer this free nowadays.Would stay again if visiting that area of London.	
May 25 2008 	Although a tiny bit tatty around the edges - this is a very good hotel!	Location - The hotel is well located on the edge of Hyde Park / Kensington Garndes. The Royal Albert Hall / Natural History Museum and other sites of interest are within fairly easy walking distance, as is fashionable Kensington High Street. Hotel: It's above a petrol station, but I found that quite handy for late night snacks at much less than hotel prices! The hotel looks a little tired from the outside but the interior has had a refit in recent years and looks much better. There is parking on site if you need it but it costs £24 for 24 hrs.Rooms: The standard doubles seem to be fairly small, but that is to be expected in a major city like London. However, they are clean and newly redecorated in nice modern tones. The beds and bedding are very comfortable and the room facilities are pretty good (Iron, Trouser press, Good shower/bath, Hairdryer, Fridge, LCD TV with some sattelite channels for free and internet access throughout the hotel (Chargeable extra). The ancillary furniture in the rooms was a bit tatty and knocked about in some places, which brought the feeling of the quality of the room down a notch or so, but cant really complain as the rest of the decor and cleanliness in the room was excellent. One problem was the badly positioned iron and the lack of ligting in the room - there didnt seem to be quite enough lights for some reason? Staff: The concierge was friendly and knowledgeable and all the reception staff were polite and efficient (Although not overly friendly). So, in short. Yes, it just about deserves its official rating but not if you pay the standard rate - you need to go via one of the big disocunt hotel websites to get real value here (We used wotif.com and got one night here on a weekend for less than £80 at less than a weeks notice).Based on the rate we paid I'm very happy to give this hotel 4 out of 5 stars! Those who pay top whack may be a little disapointed though?	
Apr 30 2008 	Saved by the Thistle	When we turned up at the London hotel where we had booked 4 rooms, we discovered that the hotel was closed for refurbishment, and no-one had bothered to tell us ! We walked around in the Queensway/ Baywater area trying to find a hotel with four rooms available, and finally came to the Thistle Kensington Gardens hotel. The hotel at first did not look too promising, with a petrol station on the ground floor and the reception hidden away on the first floor. But the staff managed to arrange four rooms, at an acceptable price. The rooms were adequate, one of us even got a suite. There was some refurbishing going on in the hotel, but it was not a problem to us. There was no remote control for the TV, and apparently there was not supposed to be one, either.The hotel’s english breakfast was good, but at £ 13 ridiculously expensive. The bar was nice but expensive and with only a limited selection of drinks and food.Queensway is the nearest tube station, and Bayswater station also is quite close. Paddington station, in the opposite direction, is within easy walking distance as well.	
Apr 23 2008 	I was robbed in this hotel	When I first arrived at the hotel, learned that they were just completing their routine weekly fire drill and everyone had to stand outside in the freezing cold, yet I agree that a fire drill is a good idea.First I'll start with the pictures of the outside of the hotel are rather misleading. They are taken from the second floor, never showing the complete street level. This is due to the fact that the street level is a Shell Pretrol (gasoline) Station with a small convenience type store on the street level.The hotel was recently refurbished and everything is very new, nice, modern, and clean. Had to look hard for some dirt before finding it! The windows were not clean on the outside and there was some very minor mold by the tub. The carpeting by the lifts were also dirty. Everything else appeared to be spotless.My room consisted of two single beds, a nice flat screen LCD TV and a large bathroom. The water pressure was extremely strong and there was plenty of hot water. One wall of the hotel room had dark chocolate wallpaper, which I felt only enclosed the small room even more. I'd say it was a typical large city, small hotel room, consisting of two single beds, two nightstands, a desk, small table and two chairs. There was a trouser press which did not work very well. There was two full length mirrors and a very small wardrobe. It seems to be very fashionable to have only a quit on the bed. I have noted that many hotels today are doing this. I prefer a top sheet and a quit. The sheets were new and of fine quality. The beds were comfy.One evening while having dinner at the hotel restaurant, a false fire alarm went off and we had to go outside and freeze until we were permitted to go back. I complained that m supper was ruined and they did bring out a new meal.The food was good in the hotel restaurant, but not excellent. I did not especially care for the breakfast, a full English Breakfast as included with the room. Dinners were expensive, but to be expected for a hotel restaurant.Now comes the bad part. My handbag was stolen while eating breakfast in the hotel restaurant. My bag was on the chair next to me. All my possessions were missing. The manager was helpful, but also slightly sarcastic. I replied to her sarcasm the same and she became more helpful. She first stated that the hotel is not responsible. Hotel not responsible for the safety of their guests? After her mouthing off a bit, she became helpful and helped me cancel out my credit cards and permitted free calling to do so. They also paid for taxis to/from the Police Station and American Embassy. I had to pay for an additional night to sort everything out before I could go home.Also returning one night, there suppose to have 24 hour security. At approximately 11 PM as I entered the hotel no one was in sight and I just took the lift directly up to my room. Anyone off the street could have done the same.One hotel manager told me that the thefts has happened before. You think they would improve their security. I did not feel especially safe staying there after all this.	
Apr 22 2008 	Great Location for first visit	This was my first trip to Europe and we booked through Transat Holidays for their London &amp; Historic England City Package + Excursions. This hotel was the nicest of the three choices.Before leaving, we asked our Travel Agent to book us a Park View, 2 beds, Renovated - Non Smoking Room. Dates of Stay from April 8 - April 16, 2008Upon arrival, the reception staff first told us that they only have one bed for our voucher and asked us to upgrade for $10 pounds more per night. I was insistent as we had requested and paid for our room; and it was shown that we are just friends sharing a room and never asked for just one bed. It was between the hotel and Transat Holidays and not my problem that they have one bed - after much shuffing between the 2 front desk clerks, we were given an 'upgraded' room. (Room # 821)Once we settled in our room, we were impressed with the view. We had an unobstructed view of Hyde Park looking towards the Round Pond with the Swans.The room is on the smallish side, not enough hangers and drawers (3 small drawers in total), so if you have a hanging wardrobe, it is best to bring it. They do provide an electric kettle, hair dryer and room safe.The hotel is located on Bayswater Rd and 3 short blocks to Queensway, where there is 2 tube stop Queensway Station and Bayswater Station. The bus stops to most places is only 1 block away.One of the concierge (Antonio) is very knowledgeable and confirm all our tours and return flights and car service back to the airport. The other two only knows bus routes if you ask them which bus to take somewhere. They also have the City Map tuck behind the counter and will only give it to you if you ask.We had the FULL breakfast included; which includes very basic continental breakfast and hot food. If you have a choice, include the full breakfast in your booking, otherwise it is total of 30lbs per day.There is a Shell station and convenience store on the Ground Floor of the hotel where you can purchase water and such. Walk 2 blocks, and go to Queensway, there are better places for snacks and lots of restaurants and tourist shops there. We purchased most of our daily lunch items at Tesco Express (across from Bayswater Station Entrance) or Marks and Spencer, at the end of the street inside Whiteley Shopping Centre. Snap have hot food and luncheon meat at a very reasonable price also.All in all, not a bad place to stay and on Sundays, the art market is just across the street for you to look around.Walking distance to Kensington Palace. Safe Neighbourhood to walk around at night.Above average for location, convenience and Antonio - our concierge.	
Apr 18 2008 	Very solid hotel in Great Location	My wife and stayed at the Thistle Kensington Gardens in April 2008. Overall, we were very pleased with our stay. The hotel was in an absolutely amazing location for getting around London. A few minutes from the Queensway stop, a few minutes from the Bayswater tube stop as well as Notting Hill. So pretty much everything was convenient. Although the hotel looks like nothing special from the outside (above a gas station) its actually a nice hotel inside. Yes, the rooms are small, but this is Europe and not a five star hotel. The rates are very reasonable for London and I would recommend this hotel for its value and location. A couple of smaller notes that the hotel did dissapoint in though, our wake up call never came one day and then two other days came very late. Not sure why or what happened. In fact, because our call never came I spoke to the manager who called us a cab and had us taken to our destination on the hotels tab. The manager was very nice and accomadating, but after all it was their fault. Also, do not expect any help from the concierge, they had no clue. They recommended a market to go to one morning and it was not open, never is on Saturdays, they should know that. They also had little knowledge of the Tube system. But as I said, overall, a good hotel with good value and a great location. Highly recommended.	
Mar 19 2008 	Great stay	I stayed at the Thistle Kensington Gardens hotel last weekend (15th - 16th March). I stayed for one night with my partner as part of a theatre break booked through Omega holidays. I visit London regularly, and I have to say that Thistle Kensington is in a great location (literally a few minutes walk from Queensway tube station) with easy access to theatre land, Covent Gardens, Oxford Street and many other attractions. Although from the outside the hotel does look quite shabby, the reception and dining areas are beautiful. (Top tip: breakfast is served on a weekend until 11am which is great. However, there is a 30 - 40 minute wait as there are not many dining tables, so go to breakfast as early as possible to avoid disappointment!) Room comfortable, with shower, bath, TV, tea and coffee, bubble bath, soap and shampoo. They even provide a complimentary magazine for the women. Overall a great stay and the staff are more than happy to help. Surprisingly the most friendly staff I have ever met in any London hotel.	
Mar 13 2008 	Repeat customer	We go to London once a year minimum. The staff here remembers us every year. The rooms are average and there is a lot of construction but the service is outstanding and the park is directly across the street. This is a clean and dependable hotel with a good location and super service.	
Feb 22 2008 	Good Bet in London	My wife and I stayed at the Thistle Kensington Gardens Hotel for a week and enjoyed it thoroughly. The hotel is clean with all the amenities e. g., hair dryer, TV, shower and bath and a bar near the breakfast room. The location on Bayswater Rd. is excellent, less then five minutes walk to the bus stop and tube at Queensway. On Queensway there are many good restaurants including the Indian Curry Palace and the Greek Santorini around the corner on Moscow Rd. I don't know the price as I purchased a hotel/flight package from Go Today.	
Feb 21 2008 	Not up to STANDARD	Myself and my fiance stayed their as he had business in London for 4 nights, and as we've stayed in London before we thought with the price we were paying we knew what we could get!... We'll we got to the hotel, only to find they didn't have our booking, so we sent from our blackberry to their email the booking, they then made up the booking but with one night short :(, the reception apologised and said she rushed reading the email but she would fix it straight away. This did not happen as the last night I ordered room service, they called me back asking who I was, I explained and they said 'but you've checked out' (I don't think I need to continue explaining) We upgraded to the best room possible, which when we got to our executive room, beside the giant sized bed which was great, was very squishy with a tiny tiny bathroom, I couldn't even fold my legs and i'm 5'2&quot;... The room service was wrong a couple times (possibly due to the fact that it was a non english speaking person taking orders), the restuarant was slow, the room came with complementary water which we requested the sparkling be changed to still... oh no this was not possible... hmmm strange rule (the 'complementary' water I pay for in my upgrade cant be what i want)... The trouser press in the room was not opening and the lady who came to assist me brought an ironing board which i didn't ask for. and then told me it was what i wanted, i said no, i've just used the iron and the board in the room to iron my shirt, i need the press for my pants, which she argued again that I had not said that and that i had asked for an ironing board. considering the fact that i spoke to a man how would she know what i asked for? Frustration!!!!Overall the bed was fine the hotel was reasonably clean but a little falling apart but still livable. the rest of the staff where friendly expect for the ironing board lady (her solution was to give me a pillow case to put over my trousers and iron them...) The food when it arrived was good and warm. They didn't replenish the hot chocolate etc... The size of the executive suite was disappointing, I've stayed in standard rooms much larger than this. The room is not that sound proof and you can hear the heavy London traffic through out the night. Overall I'll stay only if I can't get other accommodation. Hint book through a travel agent, we stayed an extra night and it was almost double the price because it went direct through the hotel, you'll get more from a Travel Lodge or Holiday Inn... I don't believe the Hotel has adequate management.	
Feb 7 2008 	You have to nag for service at the Thistle Kensington Gardens	We booked a week at the Kensington Gardens Thistle on-line through British Airways, and I was looking forward to a week of four-star comfort. All internet sites showed that were no king rooms available, so we settled for a standard room. We were a bit surprised to arrive and find large, permanent advertisements throughout the hotel to upgrade ($20 - $40 per night extra, plus taxes). Needless to say the standard room was dismal, and we up-graded.The king room was adequate and supposed to have many comforts, but the much-bragged-about robes were missing, and there was not even a hair dryer. Housekeeping had to be nagged for the daily hot chocolate etc supplies and the wifi was a disaster. $54 to connect...and then a daily struggle to get on-line. Luckily a young manager had the telephone number of the wifi vendor, and knew a few tricks, but it was a chase-and-nag situation.The staff seemed pleasant, but rule-bound (“no you can’t make an urgent local call from reception - use the call box!”) and we felt that we always begging for the kind of basic service which is available at most roadside inns. The wake-up call machine was broken. Oops sorry, the front desk forgot the wake-up call for my important meeting. The temperature control unit in our room didn’t work… we boiled or froze but it could not be repaired.The Kensington Thistle has the basic infrastructure to make travel pleasant, but the young team running the place does not seem empowered to do the job.	
Jan 5 2008 	Less than average	On the plus side, the reception staff are friendly and helpful and the bar and dining areas are quite smart. We were allocated to a room on the 8th floor and it had a great view overlooking Kensington Gardens. However, the room was small and in need of some refurbishment; there were some cracks in the bathroom tiles and in the bedroom wall. The Concierge was helpful and gave us directions and a map to Portobello Road, although he did omit to mention there was no market on Thursdays! Rather a wasted journey. Thanks. It is covenient for the Tube and for buses, and the hotel will call a taxi for you. Breakfast was average and despite the dining area being fairly quiet when we ate, the service for coffees and toast was a bit slow. I think you could do better elsewhere in London and wouldn't stay there again, unless it has some investment into the room quality.	
Dec 10 2007 	Nice Hotel	Nice hotel in a good location, rooms are clean, comfortable with everything you need. This was our first visit to London in many years and we managed to complet our site seeing to do list. Worth the money, we would definatly use this hotel agian.	
Nov 27 2007 	Good price reasonable standard reasonable location	The hotel is rated a four star, but in the expert opinion of my friend who came with me , who's a hotel inspector (but was off duty on this occassion!) , it's most definitely a 3 star! However, we searched high and low for a triple room for 3 adults in the city for a Saturday night.... it almost became a mission impossible!! eventually we decided to contact hotel chains direct. Thistle Kensington Gardens came up at a reasonable price £150 for a triple so we booked it. Was advised hotel was only a short walk to tube station, which was true only 5 mins. On arrival at Queensway tube station, called hotel to ask where they were, got no answer for the first couple of rings, then eventually when call was answered the girl on reception (who didn't speak much english) she said didn't know where the hotel was in relation to the tube station!! Not a great start, eventually we asked in a shop and we were directed, only a short 5 min walk. The hotel is above a petrol station, not really a problem. The reception is on the first floor which is ok as there are lifts. It's not the most glamorous hotel in London, but it's clean (although there was damp, peeling wallpaper in our room), the triple, turned out to be a twin with an extra bed. Not ideal, but the beds were very comfortable, the duvets were clean and comfy.Overall, the room was ok, apart from being very small, but that's London! The view was fab. Breakfast was nice, a good choice. It took around 20 mins by tube to get into the West End.	
Nov 26 2007 	Disspointed with thistle	We have just returned home from a weekend visit to the Thistle Kensington Gardens, London. Our booking was for bed and breakfast , two nights.We were very disapointed with our stay,The Hotel is situated directly opposite Kensington park and is a fantastic location for a park walk and is close to Queensway tube for all other London attractions. The welcome, friday afternoon at the hotel reception was poor, we queued to check in for 30 minutes and were not given any explaination of services offered/ expected by the hotel during our stay, though the eating area and times of breakfast was pointed out to us. There was no information in our room either, no instructions on how to operate the air con/ heating, radio,television etc.The room was clean and well presented, though we did notice a musty odour on our arrival. We found the domestic staff around at our arrival to be pleasent and welcoming.Breakfast was difficult as we wanted to be up and out by 10am. We arrived for breakfast at 9am and had to wait 15 minutes for a table in a seating area until our room number was called. There were no clean glasses, plates or cuttlery. When clean crocs did arrrive they were soiled with dish washer dregs and had to be returned for rinsing. There was limited food left, no mushrooms or tomatoes, we had to ask for toast and tea, the coffee was over brewed and cold. We decided to complain. Went to reception on our way out for the day to explain that we were not happy with breakfast. The girl on reception apologised and referred us to a Manager who could not be located, she referred us to an opinion card one of which she could not find. She said we should come back later and speak to the Manager, we felt fobbed off.Our complaint was not logged. When we returned in the evening... no Manager.We decided not to eat breakfast the next day as we couldnt bear the thought of dirty crocs and unlimited time delays again.At check out I was asked did I enjoy the stay, I said no and explained why. No offer to log the complaint, or even an apology, a complete lack of interest.I paid the bill and we left quite dissatisfied, we will not be staying at a thistle again.	
Oct 11 2007 	Fantastic for London	I can't say enough good things about this hotel. Especially since we were looking for a bargin. From the moment the concierge took our bags from the cab, to putting us into a limo to return to the States we were catered to like guests they enjoyed seeing. Yes, the rooms are smaller than the US but get over it, this is London. Our room over looked Kensington Gardens.This hotel is clean. First thing I do in a hotel room is pull back the covers and make sure the sheets have been changed. Then I look for critters in the mattress, and lastly I spray everything with lysol. No need for that here. The staff is very helpful. The Customer Service Manager went way out of his way to help us when we were stranded in Warwick. In fact by the next day staff people were consoling us for our misfortune.	
Aug 31 2007 	Dreadful Disgusting Smelly Poor Service	My reqirements for rooms were quite specific and carefully arranged and confirmed prior to booking. I needed two connecting rooms so that my wife and I could share a bed and our young children could occupy the adjoining room.On arrival the room given to us were adjacent but not connecting-not suitable for children under 7 years of age. We spent a long time waiting for another room and although adjoining were of much lower spec and were smoking rooms. It was very smelly indeed. The walls had cracks, damp patches and large chunks of missing plaster which exposed bare metal framework beneath. Our deluxe king room with VIP facilities was in fact worse than any dodgy accomodation I had stayed in as a student.After complaining vociferously the manager made apologetic noises and then entirely failed to deal with our situation. I had the feeling that I was being &quot;handled&quot; but was in fact being ignored. Asked what VIP facilities was supposed to mean I was told that this related to the quality of the shampoo in the little plastic bottle in the dirty stained and cracked bathroom.I left the hotel after 1 night of our 3 night booking. I should have left sooner and it really wasted and spoiled my valuable time in London.I would not reccomend this hotel.	
Jul 24 2007 	Okay but not amazing	The Thistle Kensington Gardens is conveniently located 5 minutes walk from the Queensway underground station. While the room we stayed in was on the small side, it was clean and comfortable. A lot of the fixtures and fittings were in bad repair and the view out the back isn't the best.The communal areas of the hotel are very nice, the bar on the 1st floor is comfortable and well decorated and prices at the bar are not expensive in comparison to London as a whole.While there was nothing terrible about the hotel, I was left feeling that I've stayed in much nicer hotels in other cities for less than the price I'd payed for the Thistle Kensington Gardens.	
Jul 23 2007 	Perfect for short stay	My fiance and I stayed at the Kensington Thistle Gardens in July 2007. The only complaint I would have is that the bed wasn't as confy or as big as in some other hotels, but it was fine for a night in London. Room was perfectly clean. We had a drink in the hotel bar late on the Saturday night and received some free champagne!! Breakfast was included in our rate and although we had to wait a few minutes for a table, there was everything we could have wanted (hot/cold buffet/fruit/juices etc). There were plenty of staff on and all the staff were really friendly and fetched us tea/coffee and toast. It is only a few minutes walk from both Queensway and Bayswater Tube stations so convenient for the different tube lines. I would definitely use it again for convenience of location etc.	
Jul 23 2007 	Reasonable place to sleep but not special.	Booked this room at very short notice through the company's central number (blind in other words) and got a reasonable rate.Hotel is located close to the tube, above a petrol station (you have to go round the side for the entrance). The concierge desk is next to the front doors, but you have to go up to the first floor for reception. The concierge desk was unattended when I arrived, a bit later when I went out for something to eat, and when I got back, which means that someone up to no good could use the lift to get from the street to the rooms without having to pass a member of staff, which is a bit poor in security terms.Staff were helpful and polite on checkout and check in, and public areas look niceDouble room on second floor was small (bed was in the corner with access from one side only, and a rather strange space-saving wardrobe). Decor generally dated, with peeling wallpaper in one place, but clean. Small bathroom, but adequate. TV reception a bit fuzzy, and no information at all in the room about hotel services and policies, which was odd. Bed wasn't very comfortable, but I was tired, so it didn't keep me awake. View out from the back was over the car park and bins.One problem in the morning was that my room was next to the cleaners cupboard, and there was constant banging and slamming from this in the morning, which was annoying.All in all, a reasonable place to sleep, but it won't feel like a special occasion, and I think one could do better for the same money.	
Jul 19 2007 	Perfectly Good Hotel	Hotel was clean, well maintained (except the bathroom sink had strange cracks in it), beds were comfortable, location excellent. It was about a 5 minute walk to the subway, close to lots of restaurants. I would stay here again in a heartbeat, especially for the price I got on Hotwire (or was it Priceline). I think I paid $120 USD per night which, in London, is a GREAT deal.	
Jun 4 2007 	Good location Reasonable Price	I spent 3 nights total (2 at the beginning of my work week, 1 at the end) at the Thistle Kensington Gardens. My company had a corporate negotiated rate, which made it very reasonable for a central London location. (~$160 USD per night, including full breakfast) I was upgraded to a larger room for both my stays. Yes, the rooms are small, but the bed was extremely comfortable, the toiletries and towels were plentiful, and having the full breakfast buffet included was a real plus.The outside of the property is a bit disconcerting, as there is a gas (petrol!) station being renovated right under the hotel itself. However, the lobby and restaurant areas were attractive, as were the rooms. The staff were consistently helpful with bags, cabs, check-in (was able to check in really early after my overnight flight, but I did call ahead to see if a room would be available.) I always love staying anywhere close to Hyde Park, great for exercising in the morning and taking a nice stroll after work in the evenings. You couldn't beat this location! There are a couple of pubs, take-out places, etc. within a short walk of the hotel, but for any fine dining, you need to go farther afield.For the price, I was very satisfied with my stay. Although I couldn't get into either of my favorite London hotels, this was a decent alternative, especially given the reasonable rate.	
Apr 18 2007	Air Conditioning a Nightmare!	We rented two different rooms at the hotel as there was 5 of us travelling and both rooms were extremely hot at night. We were still a bit jet lagged as had travelled from Australia so for the first two nights we fiddled with the controls thinking we were doing something wrong. We then spoke to reception about the temperature to be told they don't turn on the air conditioning master switch as a cost saving measure!! While it is probably not a problem over winter it was unusually hot when we were there so we just could not sleep and ended up feeling very dehydrated. Once this issue was sorted we enjoyed our stay but I would agree with previously feedback re the rooms needing refurbishing as our carpet was filthy. Location is convenient.	
Apr 13 2007 	Incorrect hotel rating	This place is pretty average in a number of areas, and that's ok. My main problem is that it professes to be a 3 and a half star hotel when really it's a 2 star on quite a few levels. In the room itself there was no compendium telling you about the hotel or the area, not even what number to dial on the phone for the desk or concierge or outside calls. The towels were quite threadbare and in need or replacement. Even with an upgrade the bathrooms were small. In general the rooms were quite overdue for refurbishment.On the positive side, the view of the park was lovely, the bed was quite comfortable and the staff were helpful and friendly. The location was also convenient, if a little seedy at night. One very unpleasant moment on check out was going to the lobby and seeing a homeless person duck out from their hiding place in a corner corridor within the hotel, go outside and urinate against the potplant out the front of the hotel. Not pleasant. Would probably rent a private room next time. More value for money.	
Apr 10 2007 	Okay but very convenient	We just had 3 night stays (3/31 - 4/3) at the Thistle Kensington Gardens. Overall, we are happy with our experience and will stay again and recommend to others.There is a construction (gas station) right in front of the hotel, so the current appearance is not the best. You walk into a concierge area (Floor 0) but you need to check in on Floor &quot;1&quot;.We had 2 rooms joined. One has a hair dryer, while the other has a removable shower head, one does not have a working safe (but the other do), so the 2 room complement each other. I will rate the room condition as a 2 star US hotel.However, the breakfast is very nice, good restaurant setting, nice selection of food with a view of Hype Park. I am surprised by the quality/atmosphere. Concierge is very nice. They are always helpful and friendly. The front desk is also friendly but not as friendly as the concierge. Close to Queesway and Baywater tube stations are the best! I find it a lot easier to travel in tube than bus. It's not easy to know where to get off on the bus so travel in tube if you can. There are so many restaurants on Queensway with reasonable prices for London. We tried out a few Chinese restaurants, they are all good (but be ready for the wait). There are also many sourvenir stores, convenience store (Tesco) and small supermarket on Queesway. There is also a convenience store with the under construction gas station.On the way back the Heathrow, we got a limo service arranged by the hotel. 38 pounds for my family (4) in a Mercedes-Benz. We were very happy with that (compare to taking taxi, then Picadilly line or Heathrow express). The taxi ride cost 10 pounds from Victoria station to the hotel when we arrived.London is just very expensive, be ready to spend pound as in US dollar.	
Mar 19 2007 	just okay	I was a bit concerned when I read some of the other reviews, but the hotel was fine and the staff was helpful. The hotel is very hot and you are not able to adjust the temperature. The only relief is from opening the window so request a low floor as the higher the floor, the hotter it was. There is a gas station directly under the hotel that they are doing construction on-digging up all the gas lines so it is noisy during the day. I imagine when its completed would also fill the air with gas fumes. The location is pretty good with 2 tube stops very close and many shops just down the road. I much prefer the Thistle Marble Arch in quality and location. The breakfast was pretty good even if the eggs and hash browns were cold. I would stay again only if it was very cheap. Look at Corus Hyde Park or Thistle Hyde Park if you want to stay in this area.	
Mar 12 2007	A good surprise	I just returned from London and two nights at the Thistle Kensingtion Gardens with a group of 40. Although the rooms are outdated and somewhat uncomfortable, this hotel is very good value because:- Its location is great : steps from Queensway and Bayswater stations, that will get you anywhere you like in central London, and facing Kensington gardens (if possible, get a room with a view on the gardens);- Service is excellent, food is more than decent, breakfast gorgeous for a hotel of this category, and the lounge bar is very pleasant.On the downside, again, the rooms are a bit of a pity - but well, the rest makes up for it quite well, actually.	
Jan 29 2007	Loved it	We stayed in this hotel for the weekend, I was worried about it over the reviews but I couldnt have been happier. The room was non smoking and large enough for two to have lots of room (210)The view was well terrible but it didnt matter to us. It is over a petrol station but you wouldnt even notice in fact its handy to get snacks. The location is really great, next to the tube and across from the park.Over all I would recommend it to anyone. A great base to see the best of London - book a show if you can!	
Dec 18 2006 	An unexpected pleasure	Well what can we say. After reading the past reviews we were a little apprehensive as to what we were going to be letting ourselves in for. But suprise, suprise we either checked into the hotel on a parralel universe or the past reviews are a little bit over the top with complaints.1) Yes the hotel is above a petrol station with the entrance at the side of the building. No problem with that.2) The concierge could not help enough and were very good with there assistance.3) There are 3 lifts and we did not have a problem getting 4 people in with 3 cases and a child in a pushchair. Lifts were clean and tidy.4) Reception on the 1st floor is warm and inviting and the staff were very efficient with our check in and provided us with all the information we asked for. Duty manager even gave our kids gifts of Thistle teddy bears. Nice touch we thought.5) We stayed on the 6th floor at the front of the hotel over the garage and the main road. Still can't figure out how complaints from the past related to the noise of the traffic etc we did not hear a great deal and no fumes of any type from the garage.6) Our Room was a triple room with a cot and all though it is normal for a lot of hotels to have small rooms we did not have any problems with the size of our room. The room was very clean and the housekeepers did tidy and fold our kids clothes which we did not expect even placed the little ones teddy in his bed for him.7) On first impressions the bar looked a little dark but after settling down to a drink found it very relaxing and the mood lighting to help with the ambience. A little on the pricey side but again normal with hotels. If you want a cheaper drink go to one of the many bars close by.8) Breakfast was first class the the restaurant staff were very pleasant and efficient no complaints at all. Plenty of food and a good choice.9) Our Overall Impression after reading the past reviews as we said earlier we were a little worried but never found anything at all that would cause reason to complain. The whole of the hotel staff were very pleasant. Very clean and tidy. We will deffinately use the hotel again and intend to on our next visit to London.Suppose some people just live to pick fault but we have no complaints at all.A very happy and enjoyable stay.	
Nov 26 2006 	Very Pleased with hotel	We were very pleased with our accomodations. Booked 2 triple rooms. Had more space than I had imagined for a European hotel. Mattresses were comfortable and rooms were very clean. The wallpaper had some tears in it and the carpet in the hallway had some worn areas. We had a view of Hyde Park from our room. Although we were there in November, we like to sleep in a cool room and the air conditioning worked well. The room was also very quiet as we didn't hear any street noise, nor could we hear other people on our floor. The buffet breakfast was included in our package and was wonderful. It included eggs (scrambled and fried), bacon, sausage, several kinds of ham, hash browns, fruit, cereals, pastries, juice, coffee, tea, hot chocolate, etc. etc. etc. With food being so expensive in London, it was a nice start to our day. There was an in-room safe and a heated towel rack. The hotel is close to two subway stations- Queensway and Bayswater- and directly in front of a city bus stop. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful.We were very pleased with our selection of hotel during our stay in London this week and would definitely recommend it to family or friends who may vacation there.	
Aug 28 2006 	Thistle Hotel - IPOD items stolen	The hotel is a bit drab and certainly not 4*. I stayed here with my two children over the bank holiday weekend. The location was excellent to get into and out of London and is opposite hyde parkThe rooms are not particularly clean and the place needs a refurb. Generally the staff were friendly and helpful especially the manager. Having forked out 250 pounds for 2 nights I wanted somewhere secure and safe.However what I didnt expect was to have items stolen from my room!!My daughter had left her Video IPOD and mini Ipod in a bag on the bed. We checked out and didnt realise until we got home 2 hrs later.We had left the &quot;DO NOT DISTURB&quot; sign on by mistake so it meant only the house keeping supervisor could have access. When she was questioned by the manager...Apparently she found the Apple bag, but according to her there were no IPOD's in the bag...DRAW YOUR OWN Conclusions. The thing is I put them in the bag myself and told my daughter don't forget the bag it's on the bed.I have reported the matter to the Police, dont stay here unless you are prepared to have your belongings stolen.RegardsMr Bhogal	
Aug 25 2006 	The worst hotel we ever stayed in	This hotel was most disappointing. Eventhough it is a 4* hotel, its worth is only 2*. The room was ridiculously small. We booked a double room for two persons. But there was only one bed, one little wardrobe and absolutely no space for our suitcases in it. The bed was a little bit bigger than a normal single bed. My partner and I are rather small and have a normal figure, both under 75 kilogramme. But this bed was too short even for us. And only one person could sleep in it, because it was too small. So my partner had to sleep on the floor, because we asked the staff three times if we could get a bigger room, but with no success. We couldn't even get a second blanket (the bed had only one!!! but six pillows). So my partner had to take the woollen blanket out of the wardrobe and the duvet/quilt cover which covered the bed during the day. And he really had to sleep on the floor.The TV showed only three bad programmes, because the hotel wanted to sell their own channel for 6,95 Pounds a day.In the bathroom several items didn't work and the toilet seat was loose, so that it was really dangerous to sit on.One day we forgot to give extra money to the cleaning stuff. In the evening we found our old wet towels hanging in the bathroom. The very same towels we had put on the floor, so that they would be changed. That was highly disgusting.They also turned the air conditioning down to 16 Celsius every day. The window could only be openend a tiny bit.The staff at the reception was never of any help. To know how things ought to be handled by guests we had to ask every little thing. They never explained anything. For example, on the first day we gave our luggage to the concierge. He said everything's fine. When our room would be ready the luggage would go straight to the room. Later I asked another staff member rather by the way about our luggage, and he said we needed to have a receipt from the concierge about leaving our things in the hotel. So we ran to look for our luggage and found it standing on the ground floor next to the open door towards the street with no one around to look for it. And like this it simply went on and on and on... Pure horror. I would never ever stay there again. I travel to London very often and know that standards are quite low, but even in 2* or 3* hotels I had a much better time.Now something good about the hotel. Breakfast was nice, but that's not enough for being a 4* hotel.	
Aug 25 2006 	Poorly maintained	Whilst on paper this hotel is like many in the area, it is poorly maintained with broken equipment (kettles, televisions etc) and my room had a wet patch on the carpet from the air conditioning. In addition, the previous occupant had smoked in a non-smoking room and whilst this wasn't necessarily the hotels fault, they had failed to freshen the room before I arrived. The quality of the hotel in general and the cleanliness of the room are typical of this area of London (i.e. clean but tired looking) but this hotel actually sits on top of a petrol station (gas station).The only things going for this hotel are the location, staff were friendly enough and the food was ok.	
Aug 24 2006 	watch the bag snatchers	Room as previously stated meant to be a double but bed pushed against wall and very small room and as only one mug maybe was a single!!!!Breakfast next day -----my bag was between my legs on floor and an outsider managed to get into breakfast room and steal it under my eyes--I did not see or hear a thing although he must have pulled it through some railings to get it. by the time I ralised what had happened he was gone with bag and contents.he could be seen leaving the room with it on their cctv but nobody stopped him .according to the police this sort of thing is very common in hotels in this area so be warned hold your valables close to you at all times.This totallty ruined our weekend and we had to go home as all money etc was in bag and i felt so sick just wanted to return home.	
Aug 17 2006	Nice staff shame about the hotel	We found the hotel very easy, great location and right by a tube sataion. It went down hill from there. The room was surposed to be non smoking. As soon as we walked through the door the smell of smoke made us gag. They changed the room straight away, We were put in a room that has paper falling off the walls and looked grubby and felt dirty, it felt more like a single that a double room with the bed pushed right to the wall. We also had 3 phones in this little room, no idea why. The hotel could do with a re fit to match the standards of other hotels in the city!!!!!	
Jul 4 2006	Staff working hard pushing an inferior product	This hotel offers luxury rooms but when you arrive they are offering to upgrade you for a lot less than what it costs to book on line so take your chancesIn our &quot;luxury&quot; room the mattress on the bed was so old and worn out it was lumpy unsupporting and hurt my wife's back, lucky we were only staying two daysThe staff on all fronts were very attentive and friendly especially in the restaurantSadly the breakfast in the resturant was not up to the quality of the staffWarm food was not, plates were cold, eggs were like rubber on the Saturday morning as the chef cleared off before the breakfast service was finishedThe continental selection was miserable and uninspiring and the fruit juice was watered down i'm certainThe glasses were the tiny small ones that hotels give you when they don't want you to have too much as were the cereal dishesConsidering how much is charged for breakfast and the profit margins that hotels make on breakast per customer this was not a four star offeringIf they cannot provide a comfortable bed and a decent breakfast what are they charging for? The complimentary newspapers?This hotel is letting down the hard working staff in my view	
Jul 1 2006	our best stay in 3 visits	This was my third trip to London and my favorite hotel experience. We were there 9 nights. Wonderful location, close to tubes and bus line, across the street from the park, close to restaurants and some shopping. Room spacious for the price, comfortable beds and air conditioning. Enough storage space for our clothes; electric tea pot and instant coffee, tea and hot chocolate; hair dryer. A 120 v. outlet in addition to shaver outlet in bathroom. 2 newspapers a day. Biggest complaint was with the English breakfast...food was usually cold, particularly the eggs and toast (which was barely toasted.) The upgrade to include breakfast also included robes, heated towel rack and trouser press. The staff was very pleasant and helpful and easy to deal with. We did not have dinner in the restaurant but a couple of times had beer and sandwiches in their bar. Food was good and well presented.	
Jun 28 2006	Good Value for Money	Got a great deal online through Expedia (£88 inc VAT for B&amp;B). We were a little wary after reading some of the recent reviews but really had nothing to worry about. Yes, the hotel is above a petrol station but as our room was at the back of the hotel there was no noise whatsover. The room was a little on the small side but big enough to crash in and was very clean. The bed was comfy and the air con was a blessing after trudging around in the heat. Bathroom was small but served it's purpose and the shower was heavenly; powerful and hot. Breakfast was great, plenty to choose from and went on til 11.00 for those of us who struggle to get out of bed. There are currently closures on the nearest tube line, but the hotel was literally a 5/10 mins walk from Bayswater. Great location and will definitely be using again.	
Jun 15 2006	Good value for money	Booked three rooms at this hotel for one night last weekend and was pleasantly surprised. All rooms were clean, spacious and airy and bathrooms of a decent size. Loved the bar and eating area although service was very slow for food at lunchtime. Breakfast was lovely. Good choice of hot and cold food.It's not the most luxurious hotel in the world but if you are looking for somewhere to stay in central London that is reasonably priced I would recommend it.	
May 30 2006	don't bother	The room we had (supposedly a double) was tiny, cramped and too hot. The bed was just a queen size and even though we are by no means large people, found we were squashed in. There wasn't even a hairdryer in the room. Friends of ours had a much better room on the sixth floor which was a twin. The dining area is quite nice but they play terrible music on a continuous loop - arggghh - it drove us mad. Overall I wouldn't recommend staying here despite its good location. There are plenty of other decent / reasonable hotels in London. Don't bother!	
May 13 2006	I really like this hotel	This was second time here, first being 5 years ago. Nothing has changed except for a bit more wear and tear. Rooms seem to have been repainted and were clean, quite small however as we knew it would be. We always opt for two twin beds while in europe as we found we do not fit comfortably in a double bed. Mattresses were ok but the sheets and duvet oh so comfortable. Bath VERY small and the tub is your basic &quot;european&quot; style which means you have to climb into it (like scaling a mountain) at your own risk. I found it to be quite disconcerting as the tub sloped and I just felt unbalanced, however the water temp and more particularly the water pressure was excellent. (this thing could blow you to timbuktu). And the view is just wonderful, beautiful park and can even see the London Eye from the window. A/C works just fine but if you prefer fresh air the windows do open, however quite a bit of noise from traffic and MANY busses. What is most important to us and the reason we stay here is the LOCATION!! At any other time the Queensway Tube is just a short block away, however it has been closed for renovations this past year, is scheduled to open May 30th (highly doubtful, as the contractors aren't performing well), however there are two other tubes Lancaster Gate (central Line) and Bayswater (Circle Line??) within easy walking distance and the bus stop is right there. We tried the busses this time instead of relying on tube and found it a fun way to see London and it is not as daunting as one might think, yes we got lost but that is the fun of it isn't it?To summarize, these are my reasons to stay here (besides a good rate package from Virgin Atlantic) 1. Location 2. Good breakfast/room/lounge 3. good concierge/staff 4. great Pub (Black Lion) one block away 5. beautiful park across the road 6. Store for sundries located at hotel 7. ATM's just down the block on Queensway (your best bet to exchange $$) 8. Wonderful Chinese Restaurant (Royal China) within 5 minute walk (Do try this place, a bit expensive but worth it) 9. &quot;Art's in the Park&quot; on Sundays lining the fence of the Gardens and so much more.In regards to another reviewer's note,...the elevators... and yes they are SMALL. What struck us as funny is it stated on a plaque in the elevator that Maximum capacity was 8 people, ..if they can fit 8 people on a thing that can very barely fit four i'll be damned (unless of course you are Lilliputians). This thing holds 2 adults w/ 1 bag apiece and that's it!! If you want to see smaller try the Villa Igea in Sorrento Italy (one person lift)Overall, would I stay again..YES. We stayed at another comparable place on our last trip, hotel was nicer but we hated the neighborhood. You are not here to sit in your room, you are here to explore and I truly feel this is a place to set out upon London explorations.Feel free to e-mail me.	
Apr 3 2006	Kensinton Gardens	Excellent location. Right across the street from Kensington Park and the Mansion. The bus stops right in front of the hotel and the tube(subway) is a short walk. The hotel was adaquate. The room was quite small and bed seemed to have seen its better day but if you look at it as a place to sleep you can't go wrong. The English breakfast which was included with our package was very good. We had dinner once while we were there. Not bad but certainly nothing special.If you are claustrophobic don't go near the elevators.The smallest I have ever seen. The concierge service was excellent. They were very knowledgeable and extremely helpful. The only bad thing we ran into was,we tried to book an extra night and they quoted us a rediculously high price. I felt after spending 6 nights there they should have at least matched the price we were paying. So we went to a different hotel.We didn't know what to expect after reading the mixed reviews on the hotel, but our stay was fine.	
Mar 21 2006	Worst of American and European business styles	The booking and checking in went well everything else was impressivly bad. Several of the electrical outlets in my room didn't work as well as the phone. The reception said, &quot;ohh yeah we're sorry&quot;. My grandmother's room's heater didn't work. The &quot;Full English Breakfast&quot;'s mushrooms got my dad painfully sick. The rooms were not clean and there was noticible damage to numerous walls. The Hotel's resturant took 70min to serve a small appatizer, and I found out after I returned home that a friend tried to leave a message with the front desk and they refused to. The maid also took 3.7 pounds of change I left on a dresser. When I checked out I was asked if I was pleased with my stay. When I said no their respone was, &quot;Did you fill out a comment card? &quot;The location was nice, and the free newspapers were very nice.	
Mar 12 2006	Wonderful hotel with great staff	We had a wonderful stay at the Kensington Garden Thistle Hotel. The room was larger that expected and neat and clean. The hotel is located a short walk from Paddington station and the Landcaster Gate Underground. The breakfast was great and the staff was exceptional. This was our second trip to London and we are looking foreward to coming back to the Kensington Garden Thistle Hotel soon.	
Feb 27 2006	Kennsington Gardens Hotel........	We just returned from London and the Thistel Kennsington Garden Hotel. The Hotel was very nice and we would recommened it to anyone looking for a Place to stay close to the Tube or bus service. You should buy the &quot;oyster&quot; card for travel unlimited on both. it is a short walk through the park to Kennesington palace or downtown London. The staff was very helpful with planning day trips and tours. We arrived at seven am. They let us check in so we could get going right off the plane. London is a clean friendly city with beautiful streets. Everytime you turn a corner it makes you stop and stare....Buy the way, if you eat in pubs and off street places it is much less than expected for dinning.	
Feb 25 2006	Great location and room size	We stayed here on a special through American Airlines.This hotel has reasonably sized rooms and a good location. The hotel is near the Lancaster Gate Metro stop. (Queensway was closed...Don't be confused by some of the other Thistle Hotels nearby) I was with three teens...the two rooms were next door to one another. The bathrooms were adequate. We were on the second floor facing Kensington Park. Don't be late for breakfast--after 10:00am, the full breakfast starts to run out of food. Lunch and dinner are not much to rave about. The staff was very pleasant. Having stayed in many hotels both in New York City and Paris, this was a good deal. I would definitely recommend this hotel, and stay here again.	
Feb 7 2006	Worst Hotel Ever!	We stayed here and were initially delighted at the unbelievable view of Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens. Then it began! Hotel employee knocked once, then entered our room using a pass card before we even had a chance to respond. He gave a lame excuse why he did it. The following day, the same thing happened while we were dressing! I demanded to speak with hotel manager who did nothing and offered no apology. We found hotel staff to be rude and the room to be dirty. Our bathroom sink was plugged for our entire 6 day stay and one morning used band aids floated up. I would'nt recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Jan 27 2006	Good Value-Great Park Views	Just got back from a weeks stay in London. Some of the previously posted reviews made me a little hesitant about my hotel reservation, but even with a few glitches that they corrected, I would still return to the Thistle Kensington Gardens.I had made a reservation for a room with 2 beds, as my son was also coming with me, but was given a room with 1 double bed. I was able to change it to a room with 2 twin beds and a lovely view of the the entire park. We saw a wonderful fireworks display in the park from our hotel window one evening. Our beds needed to be changed as the mattress's were quite flat and ready to be tossed. It took 2 days to arrange it, but they did change them and credited me back some of the room charges as compensation. The staff was gracious, especially the dining roomstaff. We enjoyed the full English Breakfast and helpful service. The Gas Station was no problem next to the hotel, and the convience store attached made getting small items easy. Rooms came with a mini fridge. The location is super convienent for bus service and tube stops. Oxford Steet is a short bus ride away.	
Jan 24 2006	we loved it	We had a family reunion in London and booked several rooms at the Thistle Kensington Gardens. The rooms they gave us were lovely and clean with big picture windows facing the park. You could see all the London sights from the window day and night and it was gorgeous! There was even a heated towel rack in the bathroom. The staff was very attentive and went out of their way to make us happy. Breakfast was delicious, a full English Breakfast - all you can eat. We ate lunch and dinner at the hotel and the food and service was great.As for it being over a service station, the station is on one corner and is a plus. You can easily find the hotel from a distance off when you are on the bus because there is a yellow SHELL sign and there is convenience grocery store there that stocks just about anything you will need and descent prices.The location is perfect, near all sorts of shops and restaurants and transportation. I would definitely stay there again and recommend it to others.	
Jan 23 2006 	Dissappointed traveller	Stayed two nights at this location, the second night to give benifit of doubt which was a mistake. We arrived from Scarborough, which we stayed at a hotel half the cost, twice the room size and the service was wonderful. So to go from wow to a growl was not what I expected. The first situation was being placed in an overpriced / undersized room locted on the 8th floor with the wrong access key. After a trip downstairs via elevator I received a sorry and new key. Which did not work again due to the attendent forgetting to program it. After 2 trips to the front desk with all my luggage I finally accessed my room which had a single bed that my daughter would not fit in. One more trip to the front desk to ask why a double is so small. I tried calling however the phone system was out of order so the front desk was not getting any calls for 2 days. Finally I was moved again and discovered they did not have internet access in this particular room as they are renovating the HOTEL &quot;WOULD HAVE BEEN NICE TO KNOW PRIOR TO BOOKING&quot;. So after another room change since my business required internet access my thoughts of hell were starting to show. The staff were somewhat dumbfounded when asking certain questions. I brought a party of 4 business men to this hotel all had issues which staff and did not have answers to questions. As far as location it was a nice walk to the tube and no issues other than the smell of gas from time to time. This Hotel requires a facelift.It also requires management to train the staff to respond to issues and provide proper answers to questions. A suggestion would be since I travel to the UK quite often and have stayed at many locations around the city when a person has experienced such situations to immediately address the staff and provide some form of compensation to the travelling party in the way of hospitality. A sorry card or verbal acknowledgement goes along way.	
Dec 26 2005	Bad experience - would not return	Ok ...where do I begin.I had booked a family room so that we could have 3 people in the room. Family rooms cost more than a double standard so that is ok as long as you can put 3 people in the room right? We got to the hotel and they didn't have the room for us. Strike one.Thank god our other friend was delayed because the bed we had barely slept 2 ( definitely not the photo they presented online ) To be fair ..the room was small but clean and we had no real issues other than we didn't get the room we paid for.We discussed the problem with reception who to be fair were quite apologetic. They assured us we would have a family room the next night. Since we would be gone during the day they told us to pack our bags and they would move it into the room when it became available. When we returned to the hotel the next day out bags were still in the old room, nothing had been done for us, no new room was assigned and even our old key didn't work so we couldn't even get into our old room. Strike two.Finally they told us to wait in our old room so they could get us the new room. They came and got us about a half hour later. They didn't even offer to help with our bags and took us to the crappiest room I have seen in quite a long time. This room wouldn't pass at a one star hotel. It was set up for someone who is handicapped. No bathtub no carpet no heat! yes it took a while to figure out the thermostat wasn't working but there was a heater under desk you had to plug in. (how is someone in a wheelchair going to get to that!) We had to call the front desk because we had no hot water either. ( apparently you have to run the water for about 5 minutes before the hot water comes out.). Even more humourous is that my friend pulled a cord in the shower thinking it might release the hot water. It was the panic rope for a hadicapped person if they fell in the shower and couldn't get up. Yet in their caring manner, reception calls the room asking if we were alright. (how is someone in distress in the shower going to answer the phone?) Strike three, four, five and six!This place was just getting worse and worse...it was billed as a four star hotel, give me a break. Its a good thing we were only there 2 days I would hate to be there for any longer.I'm a pretty reasonable and patient person but this was totally unacceptable.I hope this helps others.Cheers	
Nov 28 2005	Very Good stay at Thistle Kensington Gardens.	We stayed at the Thistle Kensington Gardens over our Thanksgiving holiday (American). The hotel was perfect for our needs. Good location, good service, and clean room with excellent view over Hyde Park. It is close (short walk) to both the Bayswater Road tube stop and the Lancaster Gate tube stop, making touristing around London very easy. The room is small, but comfortable and clean, with hair dryer and refridgerator. Elevators worked fine, and the breakfast was very good with all types of hot and cold items. The service was very good, and the concierge service was extremely helpful. The hotel bar always had people casually relaxing with a cocktail at night. The hotel is on top of a Shell service staion/convience store, but that was not a problem at all. You hardly notice it, and it does stock all the essentials that you might need. Very handy indeed!!! One complaint was that we saw a couple of ants in our bathroom sink. Overall, I would stay there again. Thistle is a brand name that you can feel comfortable knowing what you are getting. As an American, I have stayed in a few different types of hotel rooms in England, some great, some not so great. Rest assured, this was a very pleasant stay for us, and I would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Nov 19 2005	Great value and location	We are Australians living in the UK so travel to London a lot. The Thistle was a very well appointed, friendly, close to transport and overlooking Regents Park. The hotel car parking is also very good value but should be pre booked.Booked on ---- at a fabulous price for the quality. Rooms very comfortable with everything you need at a great price.	
Nov 7 2005	Decent Stay in a very good location	I use this excellent site daily and am very grateful on the whole to read the reviews of sane,like minded people trying to help each other.With that in mind I have just returned from a weekend stay at the Thistle Kensington Gardens - booked through my local travel agent in Stockport whom I always try and use - they in turn booked us with Highklife Breaks. Try your agent - the good ones are independent, very switched - within minutes we offered an excellent weekend rate on bed &amp; breakfast.You get what you pay for - 'run toto run' makes no sense whatsoever to me - yes, the hotel is situated above a garage - who cares, it is very handy to get stuff from here. We checked in on Saturday morning (going to a football match) we had four rooms booked, and all of them were ready for us to check into straight away. The rooms overlooked Kensington Park - not massive, but ideal and an amazing view.The lifts work, clean establishment, yes the check in is on the first floor - again who cares... the bar seemed ok - London prices - live with it - breakfast was superb, amazing choice of juices, cereals, cheeses, hams and then the hot trays - wow !!!Great service at breakfast, tea, coffee toast waiter served - followed by a brisk walk in Kensignton Park to walk it off !Overall a very good stay - it's not the Ritz, but well priced - decent area - easy links to everywhere - I would go back again.....	
Oct 21 2005	Run Toto Run!	On our last night in the hotel, we came back in at approximately 11PM to try and get a good night sleep before continuing our journey the next morning. When we arrived at the hotel, we found that the electricity had gone out and the hotel had been evacuated. (No fault of the hotel, but the situation was handled poorly.) The remaining staff told us we had to move to the Lancaster Gate Hotel. We were fortunate that the fourth floor had electricity, however, we had to bring our own bags down without any assistance from the hotel staff. Some of the floors had no electricity, and individuals trying to pack up and move were relying on candles for light. How dangerous is that type of situation? Our baggage was an issue since we were on an extended journey with several bags. Adding to the problem, several floors between the ground and fourth floor were without electricity, making the trips up and down the dark narrow stairs with baggage very dangerous. When the staff was asked for assistance, I was refused help stating there was no staff to help.We were expected to walk to the Lancaster Gate (About 1/4 mile) with more baggage that could be carried in two trips. Only after I insisted on a taxi, did the staff provide transportation at their cost.At the Lancaster Gate Hotel, I was provided a room with two twin beds, while my reservation at the Kensington Gardens was for a double bed. After another trip to the front desk, the problem was resolved.It was now 1AM, and we did not get into bed until 2AM. Our original plan of getting a restful sleep before continuing our journey the following morning was not going to happen after all.On the following morning a representative from the Kensington Gardens was on site at the Lancaster Gate Hotel. He was very apologetic, but offered no compensation for the trouble we had been put through the night before. I asked for a discount on the room, and the response was NO. I asked for a free breakfast and the answer was NO.The hotel business is very much a customer service and satisfaction type of business. I found neither to be true in the case of the Kensington Gardens Hotel. I was disappointed with my first stay at the Kensington Gardens Hotel. I've traveled extensively, and stayed many times at a Thistle hotel while in London. I expected much better service from a Thistle hotel and will for sure consider other hotel chains on future visits to London. And as my friends and business associates also travel through London a great deal, I will be sure to pass on this experience.	
Oct 10 2005	Still a very a good option.	I recently stayed at the Thistle Kensington Gardens in mid September 2005, having stayed there previously three years ago. I booked the room through Zuji and got the room for a very good rate.The hotel still offers a very good base from which to explore London. Whilst the rooms and bathrooms are small, I again took a room which looks over Hyde Park which compensates for the room size. The room and bathroom were very clean and the staff are friendly and available to assist with taxi's/directions/tours etc, when required.Whilst I didn't book breakfast during this stay, they were very good when I last stayed.The hotel is situated above a petrol station, but don't let this put you off, it come's in handy if you want to buy drinks/nibbles, and allows you to by-pass the high prices of the mini-bar..... and really, you'd never really know its there once you've reached the lobby.The Hotel is very close to Paddington, so it makes particular sence to stay here if you're flying into Heathrow, as the Heathrow Express takes you direct to Paddington. Further, the Hotel is 5 minutes walk to the nearest tube station (and only two minutes walk when the closest station on the central line reopens early 2006)For me to return to a hotel I've previously stayed at should tell you something about the standard and location of this hotel. It is certainly not a hotel which has great style or glamour and at very, very close inspection, is just a little tired looking in some areas. However, if you're after a hotel which is centrally located without being in the very heart of London, and a comfortable base from which to enjoy London, I would recommend this hotel. Also consider the Victoria Park Plaza Hotel which I stayed at after flying into Gatwick later on during my trip, which is very close to Victoria Station.	
Sep 20 2005	Not the best 4 Star Hotel in London!	We have spent the last 3 nights at the Thistle Kensington Gardens and had mixed feelings about our stay. Entrance to the hotel via small lobby unmanned at night was off putting and the first floor reception area was also rather small and ´dingy´for what purports to be a 4 star hotel. Bedroom was pleasant with large bed and a lovely view over Hyde Park, but facilites lacking e.g. no hairdryer, only 2 sachets of coffee (and no biscuits!) per day and very poor shower. All staff were friendly and the cooked Breakfast was hot and plentiful - limited choices for Vegetarians or people who prefer Continental Breakfast though. The bar is small, has a limited choice of drinks and was dark and unwelcoming - a comment repeated by numerous people during our stay.We did get a discount rate and were glad of this as we would have been VERY disappointed had we paid the full quoted tarriff.	
Sep 17 2005	poor review	Upon returning from a 2 day trip to Paris we were &quot;bumped&quot; to the Thistle Kensington Gardens from our original hotel, the Thistle Lancaster Gate. Compared to Lancaster Gate, Kensington Gardens is a veritable &quot;flop house&quot;. Wall paper peeling from the walls, a foul oder that required us to keep the window open, the TV screen was full of scratches, NO WATER in the morning and elevator rides that would put fear into even the bravest soul. The staff was polite but COMPLETELY UNRESPONSIVE to our complainants. What you won't see from any of the pictures or brochures of the hotel is that it is situated on top of a gas station and that the reception desk is on the second floor requiring you to shlep you luggage up a flight of stairs after entering the front door (or if you are brave you could take the elevator). I have stayed at budget road-side motels in the States that were in better shape.	
Jul 31 2005	brilliant location	I stayed at this hotel on the 21/7 for 2 nights. Following the London bombings I was a bit apprehensive, but it was business as usual in the capital. The hotel is in a great location, close to a bus stop going to Oxford Street &amp; Kings Cross. It's also close to Lancaster Gate Tube station. I got a great price on Lastminute, but upgraded to the 7th floor for £20. The bed was huge and we had a view overlooking Hyde Park, the aircon was a welcome relief. Staff were very helpful and we had a great weekend. I would recommend the hotel and plan to return later in the year.	
May 31 2005	A pleasant surprise	I stayed at the Thistle Kensington Gardens for six nights this May. My single room was larger than most I've encountered in London. The service in the hotel was excellent. I called Housekeeping to request additional hangers while I was unpacking and ten minutes later someone arrived with a dozen wire hangers...not as nice as the wooden ones in the closet but usable. There was a sheet of paper next to the phone asking that you fill this out listing any deficiencies in the room. I left the note with the front desk the next morning indicating that the outlet used to plug in the hot water maker was pulled away from the wall and wasn't functioning. By the time I returned to the room in the afternoon this had been fixed. Not bad!I had booked a package with Go-Today and didn't quite know what to expect from the room. When I arrived to check in the desk clerk tried to get me to upgrade for an additional 20 pounds/night. I refused since I'd rather blow my money elsewhere. The room was perfectly fine. The bathroom was small but had obviously been recently redone. The carpet could have used replacement but the curtain was excellent, blocking out all light. The bed was narrow but had a lovely duvet instead of blankets. There was adequate closet and dresser space. All in all, I was very satisfied.Breakfast (Continental) was adequate. They provided fruit, cereal, toast, croissants (fairly awful ones), juice, cheese and ham. It got boring after a while but since it was included in the package the price was right. The coffee was strong and hot.I love the located of the Thistle Kensington Gardens. Although the Queensway station is closed for the foreseeable future the Bayswater tube station is not far away and gives access to the Circle and District lines. The Central line is a short walk to Lancaster Gate station. The Whiteley shopping mall on Queensway has lots of restaurants and shops and Queensway itself is loaded with both. There are several food shops that are open during evening hours so that you can grab a snack on your way home from wherever if you're so inclined. I took advantage of this after several evening pub walks.I don't know what I actually paid for the hotel room since the package included airfare, hotel, taxes and service charges. However, judging from the total price I assume I got a very good deal and would certainly stay at this hotel again under similar circumstances.	
May 14 2005 	Good for the price.	For the price it was quite good. Nice location opposite Kensington Gardens although it is on top of a service station - not a good look. Lobby is on the 1st floor and is clean and spacious. Room was very small but clean. Staff were friendly. Bad points - cost for parking, food was below average and although we could not hear any other guests in their rooms the door was paperthin so trying to sleep past 8am when the room attendents began their rounds was very difficult.	
Apr 28 2005	Good Value	This hotel was very good, our twin room was quite large by London standards, beautifully furnished. The staff were very friendly and helpfull.The included english breakfast was more that adequate. We also had a very good deal on the internet with a 50% price saving including breakfast.	
Apr 4 2005	The Good the Bad and the Ugly	Stayed at the Kensington Gardens from the 26/3/05 for 3 nights. Picked it as it was supposed to be 4* and in a good location.Location is excellent - good location to tube, easy 5 minute walk and good location to Kensington Park (Palace) and walk through to Hyde Park etc.Arrived on the Saturday morning with my wife to find out that there had been a problem with the booking - between the travel company and the Hotel - although no one thought to tell me. The Hotel had been overbooked so they transferred us to the Cumberland Hotel for the 1st night (5*) beautiful hotel and provided a taxi to take us there. This was handled very efficiently. We were to return to the Thistle for the next 2 nights and pay the Thistle for our total stay and they would then reimburse the Cumberland.The Cumberland is a very nice hotel, the reception hall has to be seen to be believe, the bedroom was beautiful and breakfast the next morning was excellent (for a 900 bedroom) hotel that was full - (we tried to stay on for the next 2 nights but they had no rooms) the breakfast arrangements were 1st class.On check out we were not present with any bill to sign - which we did not expect anyway as this was supposed to be taken care off by the Thistle.We returned to the Thistle (4*) to check in and were presently suprised that because of the hassel we had been upgraded to one of their superior rooms on the 7th floor. This should have cost us an extra £20 per person per night.The room was nice, traditional decor, if a bit on the small side, it was supposed to have a few additional features, bathrobes, slippers, mineral water, free newspaper, complimentary drink from the hotel bar etc. We did have the bathrobes, no slippers, we had the mineral water the 1st day - but it wasn't replaced neither were the biscuits when used, and none of the other &quot;extras&quot;. To be honest I would not have liked to pay an extra £40 per night for the room.The fun really started the next morning at breakfast - we had come from the Cumberland Hotel 900 bedrooms that handled breakfast without any problems or delays, to the 117 Bedroom Thistle so we thought should be no problem here at organising, we arrived down about 8.45. How wrong we were.1/2 hour wait for a table, we had to ask for coffee and toast, we had to ask for glasses for fruit juice, they seemed to be using any glasses they could get their hands one for the fruit juice, large coke glasses seemed to be the norm. The biggest &quot;laugh&quot; was no proper plates for the cooked breakfast - I asked 3 people including the Manager, who never came back to me, for plates and waited for at least 15 minutes for plates to arrive, others decided to use the smaller &quot;side&quot; plates for the cooked breakfast but a number of us decided to wait until we got the proper plates. The &quot;funny&quot; thing was at one point the chief came out and plonked down 1 plate and we just all laughed. When we did get the plates the breakfast was actually quite good. But ruined by the poor organisation etc.However a 4* hotel should have enough plates and glasses to go around, it is also not rocket science that if the hotel is busy then you open up another room (function room) and set up breakfast in it to accomadate the overspill. On the 2nd day breakfast was much improved, however compared to the morning before any thing would have been an improvement (although still seemed a shortage of glasses)The main problem now is that I have been overcharged for the stay, both the Thistle and the Cumberland have charged me for the 1st night that we were transferred, I must say I am disappointed with both Hotels as after numerous emails to both + phone calls, no one has taken ownership of the error or got back to me with a resolution to the overcharge.Hopefully someone will resolve this issue quickly.The Thistle with a little bit of effort and better management could be 4* but fell short in our expectations and the lack off customer concern and action re: the overcharge doesn't help.	
Mar 17 2005	If you are on a budget-- great location free breakfast and not bad!	Ok, it's run down-- however, it's London and for this price, who cares? We stayed here in November and were very happy with the service, the free breakfast, the clean rooms and most importantly THE LOCATION. Our first room was a little small so we opted for an upgrade and were very happy-- we really think this hotel is a great bargain. It's not for the luxury seekers, but if you are looking for a good place to crash at night in a great location (an easy two blocks from the Underground and near many restaurants and shops), this is a good place at a GREAT price.	
Mar 14 2005	Mediocre at best	Average hotel typical of the Thistle minimum service style brand. My single room was very small but clean and somewhat comfortable. Modern room with mini-fridge.The location is not ideal being on the FAR side of Kensington Park and in a slightly industrial area. Located on top of a Petrol Station. Biggest disappointment was the surly treatment at the front desk. Also BEWARE - twice they tried to re-charge me for my room (I had a paid in advance). Make sure you fully check out your bill long before you leave.I am bit jealous of others who said they got this hotel for very cheap. The deal I booked through Virgin Vacations was was NOT inexpensive.I travel to London 2x / year and I would not recommend this hotel unless you got a fantastic deal.	
Mar 8 2005	This Thistle Didn't Hurt!	Despite a couple of early (very minor) foul-ups with the reservation, our stay at the Thistle Kensington Gardens (TKG) was very pleasant indeed. We were originally booked into a nearby grand &quot;old&quot; hotel but after reading some of the quite negative reviews on this website we decided against staying there and asked our travel agent for an upgrade, which they performed for us and graciously waived the fee. I decline to name the other hotel, save to say that it is architecturally splendid and gothic but sorely in need of a renovation.But before Istart gushing about TKG, first let me deal with the problems:My wife and I were mistakenly e-booked into a room with two single beds. It took two emails to straighten out prior to our arrival. As we flew from the US, we arrived in London at 0610, cleared customs and were at the hotel by 0830, rather groggy and ready for a shower. Our room was not to be ready until 1400 so we left our bags with the helpful concierge and went for a coffee and a tour of the city via tube and foot.The hotel is close to two Underground stations: Queensway Station (on the Central Line is closest to the hotel. Bayswater Station (a little farther down Queensway) serves both the District and Circle Lines. As we arrived from London Heathrow via tube (Piccadilly Line) we changed trains at Gloucester Road and arrived at Bayswater. From the tube station it's a five minute walk... trundling along with wheeled suitcases, a fairly typical sight in London. When we arrived back at the TKG at 1530 we were shown to a typical modern London hotel room (clean but tiny), no views and a little dark. However, it was a smoking room. My wife called the front desk and the concierge arrived with a keycard to another room... drum roll, please. The new room was a large and bright corner unit with east and southern views on the fourth floor OVERLOOKING KENSINGTON GARDENS! The non-smoking room (on a non-smoking floor) had a large-for-London bathroom with a rather deep tub, with both a hand-held shower and a fixed overhead showerhead, a heated towel bar and a window and a telephone by the privvy (one of the suite's three count 'em three phones), a good sized mini-fridge, trouser press, iron, hairdryer, color TV and a large and comfy (maybe too soft, if that's a complaint) double bed. Did I mention that we also got a nearly full-sized sofa, an easy chair and a coffee table as well as a writing desk and room safe and very ample closet and drawer space??!!?? The room was tastefully furnished with woods and pleasing greens and a few modern prints.The hotel has two lifts going to all floors and one lift going from ground floor to reception area, as well as a very nice staircase. All the public areas are modern and clean with ample use of light colored wood finishes and tiled floors and carpets. The hotel staff is mostly young, all pleasant, enthusiastic, helpful and multinational with very good English skills. The continental breakfast was quite satisfying and the selection included everything from the usual croissants and buns to bagels and breads, a nice selection of cereals and stewed fruits, fresh fruits, yogurts, coffee, apple and orange juices and tea and toast with a large selection of jams and marmalades. The continental breakfast also included baked ham and cheese slices, popular &quot;brekkers&quot; items for Scandinavian visitors, I believe. The full English breakfast was enough to satisfy any Anglophile or gourmand: Eggs (scrambled and fried) plump London sausages, British bacon rashers, baked beans, plump button mushrooms, whole (uncut) grilled tomatoes, even hash browned potatoes were on display. Yes... on display. The breakfast bar is a large buffet under very hot lights which means that you have an unlimited platter if that's what you wish to have. An on-site chef continually topped up the eggs and other items as guests tucked in. Attentive staff are on hand to check you off their list and will tell you which type of breakfast you may have. Coffee and tea and toast are served tableside. All other items are self service.We did not use the hotel bar but we were told it is open until 0100, so there is always an opportunity to have a nightcap, and room service is 24 hours a day. Likewise we did not take dinner or other meals at the hotel as, like all the guests (I assume), we were out exploring the delights of wicked London. Nearby Notting Hill and Queensway offer wonderful dining and pubbing opportunities.I suspect that we were given our marvelous executive suite perhaps because the hotel was fully booked and had no other non-smoking rooms available. Even still, we were delighted to stay at the TKG and would recommend it as a very pleasant place to live for a few days while in London.James and Cynthia NaughtonPhiladelphia, PA, USA	
Mar 6 2005	Good value and very comfortable	I spent two nights at this hotel, this weekend, with a group of friends.Two problems - one of our party found that his room had been taken despite having booked several weeks ago. Fortunately there are several Thistle hotels in the immediate area and they found him a room at the Lancaster Gate which is about two minutes away. They handled it very well.The other problem was that the 'advertised' 'Cocktail Bar' is pretty thin on actual cocktails so don't expect more than a normal bar service. That said the service was very good indeed and the lounge extremely comfortable.The hotel is located opposite Kensington Gardens, so it must be very pleasant in Spring and Summer, and there are three Tube stations near so the location is excellent.Rooms are fresh and comfortable and spotlessly clean and breakfast of a high standard although you might have to wait for a table when they are very busy. This seems to have been handled very well.I booked a special rate through the Thistle website and I think I got a very good deal.I would certainly use the hotel again.	
Feb 20 2005	Fine in all respects	I was fearful when I read earlier reviews. But honestly, the room was clean, not noisy and in a great location. The hotel, unlike your standard Marriott, had character and was a good part of the vacation experience. This is the UK after all! The breakfast was fine and all I needed. It is right off Gloucester Road and near restaurants, banks, and shops. It is right across the street from Kensington Gardens. The concierge could have used some location education, but other than that I have absolutely no complaints.	
Jan 13 2005	Good Value	We stayed at this hotel in January 2004. With the special rates advertised in the newspapers, we found this to be good value for accommodation including breakfast. The hotel is about 5 minutes walk from Queensway underground station. One has to cross the road from the hotel to enjoy a leisurely walk in Kensington Gardens. On Sundays artists display their works all along the Bayswater Road where the hotel is situated.	
Nov 30 2004	Okay although very small rooms.	My husband and I stayed at the Thistle Kensington Gardens for 7 nights in September 2004. The staff was pretty helpful and pleasant; however, the rooms were very small! We had to ask for an upgrade, we could hardly move around in our first room. And, since we were going to be there for a week, we needed a bigger space. They upgraded our room to an executive suite, and did not charge us extra! That was terrific!! The hotel is right accross the street from Hyde Park/Kensington Gardens, which was nice, and also a block away from a tube station. We wouldn't stay there again, unless we absolutely had to, but it was still a decent hotel.	
Oct 13 2004	OK but pricey for it and not that close to all that much	I generally don't stay in chain hotels in London. Places like this remind me why: OK-to-fine but overpriced. But I knew a mate who knew a mate who got me a deal. And it's only money, right? The location is good for a few things: walking to and from Bayswater restaurants, heading across Kensington Gardens to South Kensington museums and shops, and hopping on the Tube to some places (two stops, two lines total). It's not all that far from Paddington (rail) Station either, with its express train to Heathrow. But then I don't mind a hike. Even I won't walk, though, from there to most things I go to London for--theatre, classical music, National and Tate galleries, etc. And there are better locations, Tube-wise--places with more lines running closeby. Bloomsbury, for one. More blue plaques on the buildings there, too, naming once-famous people who once lived there. Takes you back, that, if you find someone you've actually heard of, like when I saw, once, one for (I think it was) W.B. Yeats, who I halfway remember from school. Only took me a minute to figure out that the hotel's entrance is around the corner from Bayswater Road. And the concierge pointed me to the lobby one floor up. No big deal, that. Not at all. My fifth floor room had a view out into Kensington Garden--leafy and nice. Very minimal traffic noise with the window shut, and window could be opened to air out the places. (In early October it was too hot to use the heat, too cool to need much A/C. Very firm and comfortable bed (crucial, of course). Typical cafeteria-style breakfast--only eat here if it's included with your room. I noticed a few scratches on my room's walls, but it was clean enough, and the bathroom was even a bit stylish, and there were plenty of towels and so forth. One last thing: don't rely on desk employees about the price of phone calls from the room. I was told about 40 pence for a call, when it was that only for a 30 second call; overall it was closer to a pound per minute for my ten minutes of calls. There should be something in writing somewhere (wasn't in my room, though).I recommend smallish places in Bloomsbury that get decent reviews. Or similar places in Bayswater, if it's near where you want to go. Or, if you land a better than average deal, this place. Don't go thinking it'll be the Ritz, though. It won't be.	
Oct 9 2004	Needs improvement	The staff &amp; loation were great but as other reviewers commented, the hotel needs considerable improvement, especially to be considered a four star as some sites rate it. The decor definitely looks worn and the mattresses are simply terrible, lumpy &amp; sagging. We were very glad this was only a one night stay as a good night's sleep was impossible on those beds!	
Sep 25 2004	The worst place I have ever stayed	Working for a top American resort I have travelled all over the USA and Europe and this hotel was without doubt the absolute worst place I have ever stayed in my life. I had, luckily, read the poor reviews that are written here before I arrived so I was expecting the &quot;hotel built over the petrol station&quot; and the &quot;grotty entrance into the basement at the side of the building&quot;. I was not expecting the most disgustingly dirty and poorly run hotel I have ever seen. Let's start with check in: I was told that under no circumstances could I check in without a credit card imprint. I explained that my credit card had a very low limit which was probably already maxed due to travelling around Europe and that I would be paying everything cash and would be happy to leave as much of a cash deposit as they needed. They assured me they just needed the imprint and would not run it. After the front desk agent had been tapping at her keyboard for twenty minutes she turned to me and said that she couldn't get an approval on the card. Keeping my cool (a marvel as we had been travelling overnight and were tired and crabby) I once again explained the above and got out a wad of cash to prove I wasn't broke and would be happy to leave a cash deposit. The girl finally understood and took the cash. I asked for a receipt which she didn't know how to print so she turned over the key packet and wrote over the writing that was already printed on it &quot;60 cash&quot; with some scrawled initials underneath. Another fifteen minutes of tapping and she found us a clean room to check into as we were an hour earlier than the usual check in time. It then took another fifteen minutes to do the paperwork as, because I wasn't a UK resident, I needed to give my passport number, my driving licence number, my husbands passport and driving licence numbers. Thinking I would have to give fingerprints and maybe a blood sample to prove identity they finally gave me a key to our room. She did not tell us the room number and we walked away without realizing it wasn't written on the key packet. Going back to the desk she was already helping another guest so simply wrote the room number on the key packet and we were left to figure out where it was by ourselves. Our room was on the fourth floor. It was tiny even compared to European standards and was looking over what looked like council estates and back end housing. Literally two steps and you could cross the room, if the room hadn't been totally taken up by a rock hard bed. The carpets were threadbare and you could actually see the floorboards through the holes. The carpet also lifted and was extremely dangerous when walking along in case you tripped over the rips. The wallpaper was actually hanging off the walls. It was probably once white but had been stained and faded to a dirty beige with a faded blue grey boarder which had been torn and ripped off all around the walls. Cobwebs in the corners, mold near the floors and after two minutes walking around socks were no longer white but a disgusting black. The bathroom was covered in hairs, the ancient hairdryer did not work, there was no iron or ironing board, the trouser press didn't work, the mini bar was empty and the windows didn't open. We were so tired after travelling all night and spending thirty five minutes checking into the hotel that we just wanted to sleep and didn't bother complaining to see if we could move to a different room. The hallways were in the same state as the room in terms of carpets and wallpaper. The elevators rarely worked and would just stay on one floor with the doors opening and closing by themselves. The basement entrance was dirty and the concierge staff based down there didn't know a thing and were by no means helpful. I was expecting a very important piece of mail which I asked for every time I passed the desk and they always said nothing had come in. I then asked the front desk who said it had come in the previous day. The front desk staff know nothing about the surrounding area and didn't even know which bus to catch into town.Our rate did not include breakfast and after seeing the menu we did not feel that fourteen pounds was a reasonable price to pay so took ourselves out. During our stay I asked the front desk staff whether it was free to use a phone card. I even showed them the phone card and they looked and said it would be one pound every time I used it. I thought this a bit of a rip off for a toll free number but working in hotels you get to learn that nothing is free. However upon check out I got rather a big shock when I was presented with a bill for the equivalent of 160 dollars. It turned out that the particular phone card I had bought was an 090 number and not an 0870 number and so it was 11 pounds a minute. I fought with the front desk manager for twenty minutes trying to explain that I was from America and how was I supposed to know the difference between London phone numbers which was why I had asked his staff and shown them the card. He refused to believe this as I hadn't got the name of the person I spoke to and insisited I pay the bill. I refused to pay the bill but having already given the 60 pounds upon check in he refused to give this back to me. I would have fought longer had I not had to catch a train and will be writing to the managment to get this money back.I would never stay here again, even if it was free and I would never recommend this place to any one.	
Sep 18 2004 	ok but disappointing	Booked this online, staff were friendly at the desk but slow. ONce going up to my room I was disappointed. The carpet in the hall was threadbare, the bed rock hard and the iron broken. The mini bar cupboard where it should have been was empty and the room looked like a dressed up YMCA hostel. I went downstairs and told them I was not happy with the room. They switched me to an executive room ( without asking.) this room was much nicer. Still small but now acceptable. The bed was comfortable and the appliances all worked. There were some nice touches in the room and I am so glad I complained. They are certainly agreeable enough at the front desk allowing me to check out an hour later no questions asked. I dont think I would stay again, but for the price (with the upgrade) it was ok.	
Aug 17 2004	This hotel is just -- OK...	We stayed here for 2 nights, during the 1st week of August.This hotel was just average. Which was fine, as this was all we were expecting. (Especially for $50USD a night; we booked a package with British Airways) So for the price, there certainly is nothing wrong with the hotel.Upon check-in, there was a problem. We had booked a double-room, but they had sold out. The night management gave us the option to take a look at a single room they had available, and if it did not meet our standards, they would switch us to one of their other hotels. I sent up the 'Sir' so he would make the decision. We ended up staying in the single room; which was extremly small with a very uncomfortable bed. However, they sent up a bottle of wine (our choice) and then promised an upgrade for the following evening.We left the following morning, to tour the city and when we returned later in the evening, they had changed our room, with our luggage. We were now on the 7th floor in a suite. The room was not magnificent, but it certainly was nice. I think they promote the 7th floor as their luxury floor, and I guess for the standard of the hotel, it would qualify luxury.We were not disappointed with our stay here, as mentioned for the price we could not beat it. Do not think we would stay again, however, if there was another cheap deal, we might consider it.If you are looking for a place to sleep for a night or two that is clean, it a decent location for a not so bad price, Thistle Kensington Gardens is not a bad choice.	
Jul 25 2004	Good value	Stayed here for one Saturday night in July 2004. Very pleased with room - nice view over the city. Clean, too. Bathroom a bit small, but that's London for you. Friendly and efficient service. Overall, good value and will keep this place in mind for future London visits.	
Jul 22 2004	OK but nothing special....	Generally it was ok- it is in a great location, near the tube and lots of places to eat and shop very close to hand.On approaching the hotel I had imagined it to look a bit nicer but it is over a petrol station, something that is cleverly omitted from the photos of the hotel. So you go in a side enterance and up to reception on the 1st floor. This area is nice enough and the staff were helpful.We went up to our room on the 6th floor, unfortunatley it faced to the rear of the hotel and it wasnt nice. If you go try and ask for a room at the front, over looking Hyde Park, I bet theyare great.The room was also tiny- couldn't swing a cat in there! The mini bar was not stocked and the wall paper was peeling. Not impressed!!After arriving we went down to grab a drink before heading out, but there was noone attending the bar and while we waited we soon got bored and so took our business elsewhere.The breakfast the following morning can not be faulted, it was delicious- however we were made to wait 15 mins for a table. But it was actually worth the wait!Overall, don't get me wrong- this hotel is clean, and the staff are generally very welcoming- I suppose I was just hoping for something a little more special as it was my wedding anniversary. I am glad I didn't spend top dollar on this room and had got it for £84 a night- Would not have paid a penny more.	
Jul 17 2004	Welcoming Staff	Just returned from an amazing trip to London! We stayed at the Kensington Gardens in June of 2004. The staff at the hotel was very kind and helpful. Access to two different tube stations was easy and there were many different pubs and restaurants, as well as a laundramat, within easy walking distance. Many tour busses picked up in front of the hotel, making getting around in London quite simple. We did not eat any meals at the hotel, but the restaurant looked nice. Our rooms were very clean and relatively roomy for European standards. The elevators were awfully small, which made it more challenging to get more than one or two people with luggage in them at a time. The concierge helped us make dinner reservations, book theatre tickets and arrange tours. It was a wonderful experience and I can't wait to go back.	
Jun 10 2004	Great value for the price!! A+ Tourist class hotel!	We spent eight nights (April 20-28) at the TKG, and we're 100% satisfied with our stay. I'll admit I got a but worried with some of the reviews on here, but those worries were completely unfounded.The staff was friendly and very helpful (even allowing us to check in early, as well as holding our bags all day after check-out the last day, so we could see more of the city before our evening flight home).The room was clean and very well kept. The housekeeping staff was quite attentive and kept everything in tip-top shape throughout our stay. The full breakfast was a bargain for only £3 (we dined out one morning and paid more than double that for not much), and tasty too!!Now this is not to say it was the poshest place... it's tourist class, for sure. But for the money (£57 a night through www.londontown.com) you'll not find a better deal in London!! The location was perfect for us (far enough away from the 'hustle and bustle&quot; for a peaceful stay, but close enough to the Tube station and restaurants/shops to not feel isolated. We had a park view room on the second floor and the noise wasn't a problem for us at all (maybe we're just used to it from home).All in all, I'd say it was a terrific bargain and we will happily stay at the TKG on future trips to London (of which there will be many).	
May 31 2004	Highly recommend this place	We spent 3 nights at this hotel and found it to be everything we had hoped for. The hotel upgraded us to a deluxe room overlooking Kensington Gardens on hte 6th floor. The room was spacious and clean with a press, coffee/tea making facilities, a king bed and a safe. The staff there was fantastic! As soon as we got off the plane in Gatick we ran into problems with the railway. No one there was very helpful and it cost a samll fortune to get to the hotel. This gave a bad impression of London straight away. We got to the hotel where we found friendly faces and everyone seemed to want our stay to be good. We got our room and found a beautiful view and even a small fridge. We were told about the &quot;Big Bus Company&quot; that has a stop just outside the door. This is a hop on/hop off bus that will take you to all the big things in London. We found this to be very convenient. A little difficult to get to a particular spot at times, but definitly worth the hassle.The hotel does have a good restaurant, but I would suggest dinner at a restaurant on Queensway where there are loads of them at drastically lower prices. The Hotel breakfast was very good and worth every bit of the extra charge. That gives you the fuel to go the rest of the day and the food is great. The pub/lounge is also a nice place to relax after seeing the sights all day or shopping.The room was quiet except that you can hear others in the hall if they are making any noise at all. The high speed internet should not cost as much either, but there are internet cafes within a couple minutes walk.When we return we will look for a more centrally located hotel closer to the city center, but we will look for a Thistle Hotel there. If the others are as nice as this one there wil be no complaints. If you are looking for a nice hotel in a quiet area, this is the place to stay.	
May 20 2004	good location	We recently spent 5 nights, April 16-21, at the Kensington Gardens. The 5th floor rooms was quite small but clean and tidy, with a view out into the neighborhood at the back of the hotel. The room was quiet and was adequate for our needs. Being close to the underground was great, with Kensington Gardens just across the street. We found an excellent Greek restaurant and a good Chinese restaurant close by with many others to choose from. The huge hotel breakfast was very good and the staff friendly. Being able to ask the cook to make me fresh kippers for breakfast was a treat. For only 67 pounds, the hotel offered a fine starting point for our London adventures.	
May 2 2004	Solid choice for vacationers	I just spent two weeks at the Thistle Kensington Gardens (one week in an Executive Twin and one in a Standard Double). Overall, I was pleased with my decision to stay here and would recommend the hotel to other travelers from the States.POSITIVES: In-room details like a refrigerator, safe, kettle, trouser press, high-speed internet access, heated towel rack, strong showers with plenty of hot water, satellite tv and pay-per-view movies. Hot breakfast and 24-hour room service. Two Tube stations within a 5 minute walk, and always a taxi when you need it. VERY helpful staff all the way round.NOT-SO-POSITIVES: Not the world's best beds (but not as awful as other reviewers have mentioned). Some street noise for the &quot;park-view rooms&quot; that face Bayswater Road. That's it!!Don't let the ground-floor Shell gas station put you off -- the 24-hour convenience store was tremendously convenient and seemed to be used by everyone staying at the hotel.	
Apr 16 2004	Great place	Thistle Kensington Gardens, 104 Bayswater Road, London Booked through: LondonTown. Cost: 42 pounds/night (US$81.81)including breakfastLocation Just north of Kensington Gardens. Two blocks from the Queensway Tube. About 60 meters from a bus stop. Airbus A2 stops there.Facilities Quite good. Extremely clean. Bed slightly lumpy. Heated towel rack perfect for drying clothes. Large and deep bathtub. Temperature control actually switches between heat and air-conditioning. I used the safe at Reception.Food Excellent full English breakfast. Buffet has several kinds of meats, eggs, juice, rolls, fruit, etc. Coffee and toast brought to your table.Nearby On Queensway is everything one needs, multi-ethnic restaurants, fast food, supermarket, shopping mall, hardware stores, and internet cafe. At the corner of Queensway and Bishop Bridge Road is Brookford Laundrymat, as given in Rick Steves's book. Wash 3 pounds, 1 -2 pounds to dry.View: http://www.pbase.com/image/27777989	
Apr 15 2004	Loved my stay there 2001	I thought the hotel was clean. Staff went out of their way to make our stay there comfortable and to provide any thing needed. We were centrally located, had a beautiful view of the gardens, close to a tube...and on the weekend had a beautiful art display on the walks in front of the park. The park was easily access and beautiful. George the barkeep and Tony the consierge were great. I would love to go back and stay again.	
Apr 9 2004	Not Worth It	This hotel is badly in need of improvements. The beds were old and soft. The bedspreads were dirty with obvious stains, one of which looked like blood. The wallpaper was peeling and the carpeting had seen better days. The hotel boasted of a heated towel rack, but it didn't work. We had a room facing Bayswater Road on the 8th floor and the traffic noise was horrendous, even though the room had double paned windows. Luckily, we only stayed two of our five nights in London at this hotel because of a special rate we received from British Airways web site. We only paid $50/night and that's about all it was worth. I would not pay more than that to stay here and would recommend that, if you do, you bring your own sheets.	
Mar 31 2004	Decent by London standards	We were hoping for more from this hotel, but it wasn't a bad choice that we regret. We've had a dreadful experience in the past at the Regent Palace, which makes this place feel like Buckingham Palace. The room was clean and acceptable. We had no problems with linens not getting changed as another review mentions. However, the bed was poor quality. I think that mattress has been pushed about a decade beyond it's intended lifetime. The full english breakfast was good, but 3 pounds extra. The location is excellent, close to Hyde Park, subway, Royal Albert Hall, Kensington Palace. Overall, we enjoyed it.	
Mar 27 2004 	Helpful staff great location	I stayed in a single room on the 8th floor. No problems in getting a non-smoking one. Though arriving early I was able to check in immediately. Staff (reception desk/cleaning/breakfast) helpful and service minded. Felt like a safe place for single female traveller. The only thing objected was the bed - being a bit on the uncomfortable side (lumpy)	
Mar 26 2004	Completely satisfactory	There have been a number of reviews added here since I booked our reservation last fall. I'm glad I didn't look right before our trip or I might have been concerned by some of the negative reviews. As it turns out, though, we spent seven nights and were completely satisfied with our stay. Although we would have liked adjoining rooms, my teenagers were given a room two doors down from my sister and I on the second floor. Our rooms were plenty large enough, clean, and afforded a great view of the park across the street. The staff and concierge were all quite helpful and polite. The bathrooms were clean with wonderful showers. I enjoyed having tea/coffee facilities, a mini fridge, and a safe in the room. I was also impressed by the lack of noise and light at night from the street. The location was ideal for the tube (2 or 3 blocks to Queensway and Bayswater) and bus. We never had trouble having the concierge hail us a cab when we needed it, either. The delicious breakfast provided each morning was an added bonus. All in all, we had a very pleasant stay there from March 13-20. I would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 25 2004	It's just okay	We got this hotel as part of a vacation package where we didn't get to choose the hotel. (We pay fix fee, they set up air and hotel, almost like priceline).Travel to central london is easy by bus and tube. The A2 bus from Heathrow also stops by the Queensway tube station. The bus is 8 pounds one way, which is more than double price of coming in by tube, but is just much more convenient if you have lots of luggage.The room was small, not too clean, not too dirty. The wall papers were peeling. The towels and sheets were never changed during our 6 nights stay. There was no in-room safe.Our room came with continental breakfast (all the cold stuff). the breakfast room was stocked with both continental and british breakfast. There was a staff member that watched to see who took the hot food, and asked for their room number. If you took hot food, and it wasn't included in your room, you get charged 3 pounds. We were informed verbally about this, but there were no signs.Overall, the hotel is okay if you don't expect to spend much time in it, and can get a really really good deal.	
Feb 6 2004	Excellent Location! Nice hotel Would recommend	I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone. Location is excellent, across from Hyde Park, withing walking distance of Buckingham Palace, only a few blocks from the tube, and close to the famous &quot;Portobello Road&quot;. Rooms are small, but modern, clean, and nice. Continental breakfast is excellent, and in a beautiful dining area. Hotel personnel are very helpful.	
Jan 20 2004	Too bad the service is DREADFUL b/c the location is great	My friend and I stayed here in July, and aside from the GREAT location, this hotel has nothing to recommend it. Bad service experiences: first key they gave us didn't work (the room was locked from the inside); second key worked, but the door to the adjoining room was unlocked (we had to call them to come and lock it); a safe deposit box was not available until a couple days into our stay; surly desk help; at least one elevator was always broken (the doors closed once before my friend could get out); no air conditioning in room (HOT in summer); forgot to bring us enough towels (we had to call them 2X before they got it right); forgot to refill toilet paper ......... Every single item had to be WRANGLED out of the staff. Never again.	
Dec 15 2003	Excellent Concierge staff	I spent a most enjoyable 3 nights at this hotel from Nov 29-Dec 2. The room was small but sufficient for one person and came with full amenities (heated towel rack, in-room tea/coffee, safe, mini-fridge, trouser press). Since I did not plan to spend much time in the hotel, the room was ideal. After I had booked this room, I became concerned after reading some of the reviews posted here -- I found most of these concerns to be unfounded. Despite being a slightly older facility, I found the decor to be updated, clean, and comfortable. Ideally located near the bus and train stations (both within a 5 minute walk), the hotel offers easy access to most sites. For about 4 GBP the taxi will take you to Paddington Station; I would not want to walk the distance with luggage. Most notable is the concierge staff. I emailed the concierge prior to arrival with needed reservations for theatre tickets, tea, and dinner reservations. The concierges were able to get exceptional seats to Phantom of the Opera and difficult reservations to many of London's prime eateries. This is a solid 3-4 star hotel with a 5-star concierge attitude. I would most certainly stay at this hotel again -- an incredible bargain for 55 GBP (including breakfast each morning!!)!!	
Dec 8 2003	Give your wallet a rest and stay at the Thistle Kensington Gardens	I stayed at the Thistle Kensington Gardens (room 716) From 12/4 to 12/7. After reading some of the more recent posts, I was getting concerned about the quality of the hotel. These concerns were unfounded. From check in to departure, I had a very pleasant stay. The single room was small (not tiny) but very clean. I did not have a sagging mattress ( very firm ). The location is also very good. It's about a 5 min walk to Queensway tube station and about 10 min from Bayswater tube station. Local restaurants, grocery stores and internet cafe's litter the area. I am a firm believer of the saying &quot;you get what you pay for.&quot; In this case, paying 55 pounds (including breakfast) a night not only saved me a few bucks, but let me enjoy a few more of my favorite British Beers.P.S. Have a chat with Domingo the Bartender. Great Guy!	
Nov 23 2003	Okay	After reading the positive reviews we (my husband and I and our 4 year old) booked a 6 night stay here in early November. The exterior is rather &quot;blah&quot; and you enter the lobby through the basement. We had an executive double room which was the size of an American single room - - - rather cramped. The young manager tried to find us another room but unfortunatley it was a hectic week-end and no bigger rooms were available. He did offer to find us another room in one of the other Thistle hotels which was rather nice of him (we decided to put up with the room). The rooms and bathroom were modern and clean, but lacked that something (the second floor Ladie's restroom was much nicer than our bathroom). The staff on the whole seemed rather young (or I am getting old). Continental breakfast (quite substantial) was provided with our room and was in a bright room which was the hotel's restaurant in the evening. There was a perpetual smell of stale food on the second floor landing. The fire door to the hallway to our rooms was closed so the smell did not reach our rooms. The location is 5*. Across from Kensington Gardens . . . great walks and we even found a park for our 4 year old. The bus stop to everywhere is right outside the hotel, and transportation is no problem. There is also the Whitely's shopping center about a 10 minutes walk from the hotel with some nice restuarants in the food court. There is also a Boots, Starbucks and Marks and Spencer. The basement of the hotel has a petrol station with a 24 hour 7-11 type store which was useful. Will I stay here again? I'll look for something better first. Even though we spent a lot of time sight-seeing and came to the room to sleep, it would have been nice to come to a charming place where we could have hung out in the lobby and just relaxed a bit.	
Nov 18 2003	Nice/Average Hotel	It is a comfortable hotel. The staff is friendly and helpful. A bit away from the sights. However, the tube stations are within walking distance.	
Nov 11 2003	Very good hotel indeed but...	As I stated in the title, my stay at the Kensington Gardens Hotel (19-26 October, 2003) was quite satisfactory, but something left me puzzled to say the least. Let's start from the good points: very good location and transport connections (even though Queensway tube station was closed for renovation, but it was not the hotel's fault), very comfortable room and bathroom (though the latter a bit on the small side, but then I was on my own), plentiful breakfast (I would've liked more fresh fruit, but all in all I was quite happy with it). I had no complaints with the service at all, nor with cleanliness or noise level. It was a really enjoyable stay... until I checked out. In fact, I had booked through the hotel's own Internet site, and I had been shown a rate of £384 for the whole of my stay. When I was shown the receipt for payment on checking out, it showed a total sum of £609! I paid without complaining as I was in a hurry to catch my plane, but when I got back home I wrote to the hotel management to try and get an explanation. Well, I was told that the sum included VAT - which was true, but it didn't add up to £609. I was very disappointed by such behaviour, so I think I will never stay at a Thistle hotel again.	
Nov 7 2003	Down and Out Room 904 avoid	We stayed at this hotel in late October, as I said Room 904 had dirty pealing wall paper, a chair with large holes in it, and you could see the foam coming through in large areas, and the long table with the TV/dressing area had black ugly spots. The sheets were torn and one had a brown stain, and the bathroom door had some disgusting stains on it. The staff were not helpful, and the doorman kept wanting to sell us a limo to the airport everytime we inquired about the train, but when we asked for a taxi he told us to go to the main street and get one. Breakfast was ok, but I would not stay at this hotel again, I had a better experience at a one star hotel near Victoria station than this one.	
Nov 5 2003	Good Location...easy access to London		
Oct 31 2003	If you like them run down with poor service		
Oct 26 2003	Modern and comfortable.		
Oct 23 2003	Very Pleasant		
Oct 17 2003	Great off-season value		
Aug 7 2003	Great Location 		
Jun 23 2003	Excellent hotel location		
May 22 2003	Great Location at Low Low Price!!		
May 21 2003	Great place to stay for an average traveller.		
Jan 14 2003	Good hotel great value for location		
Nov 24 2009 	Toll!		
Mar 11 2009 	Très bien		
Jan 29 2009	Parfait		
Aug 3 2008 	??????????????		
Jun 7 2008	Pas question !		
Jun 3 2008 	Très bien situé.!		
Sep 4 2006 	Empfehlenswert		
Dec 22 2005 	Muss nicht wieder sein		
