	By far surpasses ANY hotel that I've ever stayed at!	I had the great fortune of staying at the Intercontinental Park Lane Hotel, London, over the last 2 days. I was there for a Medical Conference, and my stay at the hotel (as well as the cost of the conference) were paid for by Abbott Pharmaceuticals (as a 'Thank You' to me for helping to produce a drug protocol). The Conference was being held at ExCel; this is 10 stops on DLR and another 5 on underground - so I left the Conference grumbling at the distance that I had to travel to get to the hotel! Well .... I would have travelled twice the distance for this hotel! I arrived at Reception at about 7pm, there was no horrible queue for check-in, and I was met by a smiling face from the lady who booked me in. She made absolutely no reference to the fact that I was being given a luxury suite - just simply gave me my room (suite) key, informed me that it was on the 1st floor and then asked if I required anyone to carry my bags. I declined the offer of a carrier (my bags aren't posh, so I didn't want to be embarrassed!) and took myself up in the lift. I have to say, I did wonder why the door said 'Spa Intercontinental' when I got there, but was so exhausted that I just threw my body through the door. As I opened the door I expected to see exactly what one finds in every other hotel - a bed close to the door, a tray near the door with a kettle, and a trouser press etc. But ..oh no. What actually greeted me as I opened the door was opulence!! Shining black tile floors, gleaming wooden doors. I put the light on, still not sure what I was looking at, saw that there was a door in front of me, assumed that the door to the left was the bedspace - but, again ... no ! It was a stunning walk-in wardrobe, with bar-area prior! There was a loo as large as a standard downstairs toilet-area at the 1st closed door. And then .... I opened the heavy double-doors that were facing me, to find the most ENORMOUS bedroom, beautiful bed, curved sofa at one end, chaisse-longue at the other. Glass finishings everywhere, and, just when I thought I'd seen it all, another door to a HUGE bathroom with illuminated Spa, wet room with rainforest shower and another loo! The view from both windows were of ParkLane Picadilly and Hyde Park (where they had a splendid German Xmas Market!) One of my main reasons for writing this review is that I have stayed in lots of places in my lifetime; I've been to stunning 5-star hotels in SWitzerland when skiing, and all across Europe, the Americas and the wider world. All hotels have professed to probably what they aspire to, but none have quite delivered, in my opinion, what they profess. The Intercontinental seems to play the descriptions down! I know that I wasn't expecting an opulent stay (was only on a 3-day conference for work after all!) so my expectation was fairly low; however, since I've returned home I cannot find a description of the Spa suite on any website! The room, incidentally, is No 106. I really was so very lucky to have it, as I believe that the Pharm Co had over-subscribed, therefore this was an upgrade. However, it seemed to me that the wonderful staff took enormous pride in ensuring that I had a stay which matched my luxury stay thereafter! There wasn't a grumpy face amongst them! The lovely ladies who offered 'turn down', the very cheerful Kimberley who sorted out my extra night - (!) Yes, I stayed on and the hotel staff saw to it that I remained where I was ! I was HUGELY impressed with the night security man, John. I had an unfortunate temporary 'loss' of my handbag in the bar one evening and he was there like a shot, despite there having been no incidents at the hotel before. He scrutinised the CCTV and found my bag for me; all the while remembering to be the perfect gentlemen (he DID tell me that he is ex-military; - however I think his impeccable manners are a credit to his personality, rather than to his military background, as well as to the hotel) Oh, by the way, the bag was only mislaid - by me of course!Finally, on Wed 25th Nov, and after my beautifully relaxing illuminated Jacuzzi in my bathroom, it came to my ever-so-reluctant check out , and I could not believe that the lovely lady behind the desk (wish I'd got her name - I think she is French) not only offered to help me carry my bags outside, but also insisted on leaving her post to come outside and walk me to the end of the road where she could show me the Tube Station! Never before have I had such care and attention and yet, as I say, have stayed in high quality hotels all my life, generally for skiing and leisure.I am highly impressed by this wonderful place and would give my eye-tooth to return one day. However, sadly, don't think I'd ever be able to stay in the Spa Suite, room 106 again! So all I have are my memories!Thank you Intercontinental Park Lane for your unmatchable hospitality. I would love it if you could put some pictures of 106 on your site, as it , and your great staff, really does you proud!Kind regardsLouanne McCabeWinchesterHampshireUK	
Nov 24 2009 	Classic Hotel Ruined By Modernisation... Poor Value For Money.	I've been an IC Ambassador for many years including the top tier Royal Ambassador.Prior to the upgrade / modernisation the hotel was classic in appearance but not such that refurbishment would have been required immediately, indeed by doing so much of the charm of the hotel has been lost into the builders skip and in all honesty I really can't see major improvements other than room upgrades and some aesthetic changes in the lobby area.What strikes you is the change in management style, it is obvious new management have been brought into the hotel to match the new modern appearance whom are nothing more than impolite and arrogant. To be clear with you all, I am writing this review after my third stay at the hotel since refurbishment and have stayed there quite a few times prior to the closure a few years ago... There are no welcoming smiles and no invites to the club lounge, you get exactly what you are entitled to a one level upgrade and there is no discretion at the reception which you could stomach if the rooms and hotel itself were very special, but they just are not... particularly at the rates they charge which are nothing short of an attitude being, &quot;...well we know these rich cats will pay so lets cream the sods...&quot; and I for one have started staying elsewhere in London.As a comparisson I stayed in Intercontinetal Miami for three days after this stay and it was night and day, so the problem isn't the IC group it's just this hotel whom in their own minds seem to think they are a little bit special.My suggestion, save your money and stay closer to the town in comaprable hotels of quality and style which are numerous. The IC London has been outclassed before it was ever even finished with the refurbishment... a truly sad waste of a hotel.	
Nov 22 2009 	Great hotel and location	We stayed at the hotel to go to the Patriots@Buccaneers game. I have been to London many times and it's always the same thing: very expensive hotels and small rooms. But this time it was different. We stayed 4 nights: 3 nights on a friends&amp;familiy rate (135 pounds) and one night through Priceline (130 pounds!!). The room we got was big, certainly for London standards, and very comfortable. We had a corner room looking out over Hyde Park. Even tough that means a lot of traffic, we didn't hear anything.Beds are great, bathroom is wonderful (loved the shower), and the room was just great!Breakfast was good (buy it in advance, saves you 50%. Which helps because otherwise it is ridiculously expensive). We didn't have dinner at the hotel (BTW, the Hard Rock Cafe is around the corner, if you're into that).The bar is small but ok.The lobby itself is small, but then again, it gives a 'cosy' atmosphere to the hotel.Location of the hotel is excellent. You're right next to Hyde Park. Exford street is 10 minutes away, Mayfair is next door, Buckingham Palace is 10 minutes away, as is Harrods. And the subway station nearby as well. So, location-wise you're ok here.A special thanks to the concierge: he got us reservations at Fifteen, even tough it was full. But even better: we found out that Monty Python was going to play at the Royal Albert Hall during our stay. I'm a big Python fan, so I wanted to go there, but of course it was sold out. I asked the concierge if he could do some magic and guess what: he got us tickets at face value. And they were excellent seats!!! Perfect!!All in all a very pleasant stay!	
Nov 19 2009 	Lovely Hotel wonderful service	I stayed at the Intercontinental recently and have to comment on what a lovely stay and warm welcome I received from the staff.Having had a long day on the road I arrived very tired and flustered where I was greeted at reception by Dominic who obviously on seeing how stressed I was made me feel very welcome and kindly upgraded me to a suite.The room itself was lovely very luxurious and quiet with quite possibly one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. There were good quality Elemis toiletries in the bathroom and everything I could have asked for.We ate in the Italian restaurant in the evening and the food was delicious, the service was very quick without being rushed and for a London hotel I thought it was very reasonably priced.The one thing I do have to comment on in particular is the staffs willingness to help. When I arrived back home I realised that I had left my glasses at the hotel and after experiences at other hotels assumed I would never see them again. I couldn't have been more wrong the staff went and found them for me and had them posted back within days at no cost to myself. This is a 5* hotel worthy of the accolade, I would not hesitate to return and strongly recommend you give it a try.	
Nov 17 2009 	Beautiful location good restaurant	We were happy with the location (close to great shopping, eating, and sites of interest), the staff were helpful and the amenities at this hotel were good, particularly the Cookbook restaurant. The room was also well-equipped and tasteful.	
Nov 17 2009 	WOW! Make your own mind up.	I read the reviews on here before we went and so was prepared to be dissappointed. How wrong I was, this hotel is fantastic, especially if you upgrade to the club lounge on the 7th floor. I took my partner for a romantic weekend break and we were both overwhelmed with every aspect of the hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the room, whilst compact, was well appointed with a very comfotable king sized bed and lovely big soft pillows. The minibar was well stocked (I know it expensive, but hey, you only live once!). Its also close to Hyde Park underground so wonderfully positioned for exploring. (5 mins walk to Buckingham Palace). I don't recommend many things but put this on your list of places to stay!	
Nov 16 2009	Ab Fab!	I have just come back from a weekend in London staying at the Intercontinental Hotel on Park Lane and just wanted to say what an abolutely fantastic hotel this is. I am used to staying in 5 star hotels and realise that expectations are high however I have to say the Interconti exceeded them.... the reason... the staff and the service! So many times the big hotels are faceless however this couldnt have been more different. Nothing was too much trouble and never have I found everyone to be so friendlt it was teh same whetehr is was reception, the doorman, concierge, the restaurant or housekeeping. They actually seemed to take pleasure and pride in their jobs which is rare these days. It isnt cheap but then you get what you pay for - or in the case of this hotel you actually get what you only hope to receive. We didnt eat in teh main restaurant but I did sample breakfast in both the cookbook cafe and the lobby lounge and both were outstanding. I cant recommend this hotel high enough.	
Nov 8 2009 	Very nice stay would recommend	We had a very good stay at the Intercontinental Park Lane.We arrived very early and our non smoking room wasn't ready, but we were given a card to access the club lounge and as we decided to go out for a walk we left luggage at the reception and we were asked for our mobile phone number to call when the room was ready.We had just sat down in Green Park when we had a call to say the room was ready, keys just needed to be collected and luggage was already waiting in the room.The superior room we booked was very large with a nice view, bose sound system and B&amp;O TV.As the club lounge was something we added on I wanted to be sure vegeterians would be catered for, so I contacted the lounge in advance.The staff were very helpful and not only arranged vegeterain options for us, they called to confirm a time when we would like the canopes to ensure it was fresh and when we arrived we were waited on with the vegeterian options bought over to our table along with as many alcholic drinks that we wanted.The following morning's breakfast in the lounge was very nice, lots of buffet options and also hot food. We opted for the waffles and they were very nice, but word of warning the waffles are huge, we made the mistake of having some buffet food before the waffles arrived.All of the staff we encounted were very pleasent and couldn't do enough for us.I would definately recommend this hotel to others.	
Nov 8 2009 	excellent location good breakfast	Got a good price on a room for two nights in November. Booked with last minute dot com. Great location, service was good, breakfast both mornings was excellent. On criticism of the hotel was that room was a little on the small side... had a room facing an inner courtyard, possibly one of the cheaper rooms called &quot; classic room&quot;. Rooms facing Park Lane looked bigger. Twin room, but with only two small single beds... not the usual 2 x double which you get in places like marriott... however got a great rate on the room, and overall though it was a very good hotel in an excellent location. Would stay here again.	
Nov 7 2009 	Good but not great	Always a good choice with a great location. However, I always feel there is something missing. Sort of vanilla feeling about the place. Good choice if you find a fair rate but not so special to splurge.	
Nov 1 2009 	Very happy stay at Intercontinental	I've stayed 1 night and I must say I was really happy I did. Hotel location is great, next to Hyde Park and Green Park, close to Mayfair and Picaddilly Circus and next to bus stop, tube station and Hard Rock Café London.Staff was very nice to me and helpful. Can't compain about the service. Easy check-in and check-out and concierge service very convenient.The room I've booked through their own website was on 5th floor and was with a Hyde Park view. It was large, with comfy King size bed, non-smoking (as requested), B&amp;O flat screen TV, desk, sofa/chair. Marble bathroom was well appointed and luxurious with power shower and large towels.The only complain I can make is that there's no free internet access in room and Business Center access was with a fee. This should be included in rate as other 5* hotel do!Housekeeping woke me up twice from 7.30am as I didn't put the &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign on the door.All in all, I can highly recommend this 5* hotel if you can get an affordable rate.	
Nov 1 2009 	We had a good night	We stayed for one night, and found everything OK, Rooms all clean, a little small, but we expect this in London, Took advantage of the Club Lounge, and if used offeres excellent value. No compliants from us, all the staff we that help us was excellentWell done ! nice Hotel in good loacation	
Oct 24 2009 	The staff let it down	It is no use having spent a fortune on remaking this hotel if the staff let it down. The rooms are tastefully done and well-equipped - but very small even at the top end. The feel of a five star is there but everywhere there is poor service. The doorstaff talk to each other and cannot open a door; the reception staff are slow and have little or no guest recognition skills; the bar staff are almost totally arrogant. The housekeeping staff you encounter do try to be friendly. The upgrade they offer you to the Club lounge is not worth the money.Housekeeping is efficient but the turndown service is hit and miss.The overall effect is of a fine hotel that needs to start again with its staff.	
Oct 23 2009	Intercontinental Ambassadors - Beware	I've been an Intercontinental Ambassador for about 3 years now and sadly this (subscription) programme just gets worse. I've thousands of Priority Club Points built up after many full price stays and yet they wouldn't allow me to make a rewards booking at this hotel - even though they had scores of empty rooms. I spoke to the hotel directly but they weren't the slightest bit interested. Take it from me - Intercontinental Ambassador Memberships isn't worth the plastic it's printed on. Sadly yet another &quot;Hospitality&quot; company dragged down by &quot;Revenue Managers&quot; who are frankly too thick and hard nosed to understand the meaning of the word. My advice: boot Intercontinental Ambassador Membership into touch the next time they come grabbing for the renewal fee.	
Oct 23 2009 	Nice hotel but service let it down	Booked this as a part of a surprise Birthday weekend for my girlfriend. The hotel is grand and plush, however the service we got was terrible and not what you would expect from a 5 star hotel.The staff need to work on their customer service skills and actually realise how rude they came across! My main gripe was that i had orgainsed champagne and strawberries to be in the room for arrival. No such luck. Rang reception 3 times and actually had to go down in person to speak to an extremley rude lady on reception whose attitude infuriated me. After all i had booked this as a treat for my girlfriend and the hotel were managing to spoil it. As we had the theatre to go to i asked that they left the champagne in our room for our return. Overall nice hotel,but bad service!	
Oct 21 2009 	Slept like a baby.	We stayed one night in the InterContinental Park Lane as a stop over after travelling 28 hours from Australia. We arrived early in the morning and had booked the rooms (one for us and one for the kids) for the previous night as well, reception was surprisingly busy with check outs but the wait was short and very efficient and were up in our rooms in no time at all. The rooms arent very large but they have great comfy chairs, wonderful beds and period like furniture. The curtains kept out the rising sun perfectly and we werent bothered by any noise when we caught up on some sleep for a few hours. The location was great for the children to go over to the park and have a run around, close to trains and a good selection of cafes close at hand. As we were all still very tired we had room service dinner which arrived without incident and was consumed and enjoyed by all without complaint. That night everyone slept like the baby. Our check out was incident free and our booked taxi was waiting as we emerged from the lobby.	
Oct 16 2009 	Comfortable stay	Stayed at this hotel and attended a function in their ballroom. Check in was quick and easy. I have stayed here once before approx 18 months ago and they welcomed me as a returning guest. I was given a room on the Club floor which is the 7th floor.Room was clean and comfortable with a spotless bathroom and great shower. The bed was extremely comfortable. Definitely what you would expect of a 5 star hotel.Everyone from the doormen to the conceirge were great. Only complaint is that the drinks were horrifically expensive. £4 for a diet coke in comparison to £11 for a glass of champagne. Think I'll stick with the champagne as it represents better value!	
Oct 1 2009 	Perfect	Stayed here for one night. The entire hotel has just been completely renovated, abs us very nice. I have stayed here before the renovations as well and it was good before but now it was more or less perfect. Highly recomended	
Sep 27 2009 	Does not have the "WOW Factor"	We stayed at this hotel during a short theatre break to London using my points from my Priority Club membership. The hotel is in a great location on Park Lane just a few minutes walk from Hyde Park Corner underground station (just follow the signs to Park Lane using the underground subway).The hotel was impressive at first sight but the reception lady was a bit rude (this was the only time, all other people who worked there were really friendly). We had a standard king room and to be honest we were expecting more than we got, it was what you would get at any other 3 star hotel just with a fancier bathroom, robes (which was ripped), slippers and wall paper. The room was clean and the bed very comfortable with a turn down service at night, our view was onto the hotel so could not see out to Hyde Park.We did get a complementary anniversary cake and some oranges which was a nice touch.We did not eat at the hotel as it was £20 just for a continental breakfast so can’t comment on the quality of the food.Overall it was a good stay but it would have been nice for the hotel to give us the “wow factor” which it was lacking.	
Sep 20 2009 	Perfect Birthday at the Intercontinental!	Stayed 4 nights in September 2009 at the Intercontinental London Park Lane. The hotel is overall very well kept and very clean. Before arriving in London I had a lot of e-mails with the Room Controllers to organize a birthday cake and the concierge desk for the transfers to and from the airport. Both very extremely friendly and helpful, really a great experience dealing with them. The day we arrived during the check in we have been informed that we were upgrade to and Executive Room: it was an amazing rooms overlooking Hyde Park. The room was very good: an entrance with a small table, a desk, a armchair and a king bed. The bathroom was ok, maybe a little bit too small for the Intercontinental standard but was very clean. Room was very clean. Staff is in the whole hotel extremely friendly and helpful. We had always breakfast the coffee book restaurant: the choice was very good with a lot of things. The location of the hotel is very convenient for leisure trip: 10/15 minutes on foot to Piccadilly Circus, 15 minutes to the National Gallery, 15 minutes to Buckingham Palace and about 30 minutes to Westminster Abbey/Big Ben. If you prefer the tube the Hyde Park station is 5 minutes on foot. One evening we had dinner at the Theo Randall restaurant, the food was amazing! I fully recommend this hotel of Intercontinental.	
Sep 8 2009 	Not the the typical Intercontinental experience... at least for us.	Made a reservation almost 7 months in advance of our trip using a discounted/pre-pay website and was issued a standard room, wanted to be upfront about that… I really do think using the discounted websites makes a difference in the quality of your stay. So a warning there. We are regular visitors of our local Intercontinental, and unfortunately this location is far lacking in the overall experience we have become accustomed to. The bed was awesome as seems to be the IH standard… so very comfortable. But unfortunately, that’s where it stops. I called the “immediate service line” to ask for a large bucket of ice… 45 minutes later (and after a 2nd call) they did bring us a desert cart/bottle of still water recognizing our anniversary… however, the delay somewhat ruined that moment. We continued to experience room-service issues, including more delays, and the loss of a towel my wife had brought from home that housekeeping took… the follow-up RE that incident too was handled poorly. The walls seem to be fairly thin… we heard our neighbors throughout the stay, and when asked if we could move rooms, we were told this would be allowable and we would get a call back… never heard anything. There are also dividing doors between rooms… so be prepared for sound through those. Cable tv is pretty good with a nice mixture of channels including ESPN America for you guys needing your States sports fix. Very good air-conditioning.The concierge desk is extremely helpful… so do use their knowledge. The location was fine for us… the hotel is located in a high-income area that seemed overly safe with some neat areas tucked away from the city action. Be sure to visit Audley Pub and Shepherds Tavern, both came highly recommended and were true to description. The restaurant at the hotel, Theo Randall, had great food however the overall experience was average at best due to poor/confusing service. You’re also convenient to Tube locations, bus stops and the bus tour stops as well. Expect a 15-20 Euro cab ride from St. Pancras train station.If you can get this hotel for the price we did... would recommend, otherwise I'd suggest looking elsewhere.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great place good location	Got a great rate on priceline, I absolutely could not afford to stay here otherwise. On the piccadilly tube line for easy access to the city as well as Heathrow airport.	
Sep 5 2009 	A great hotel and “effortless” service	This was our second stay at this hotel since June 2009. The first was a holiday, this one a business trip. We were impressed the first time and even more so the second. We had a great prepaid rate and took advantage of a paid upgrade to Club access upon check-in. This went smoothly and the reception staff was not just competent but downright charming. Throughout the stay we felt a genuine interest in the quality of our stay, from the door men who were helpful without demonstrating any pressure for tips, to Guido the concierge who was informative and gave us solid advice on shopping and transportation (unlike the Rome Intercontinental). The Club supplement included Wi-Fi, a breakfast and “tea” in the afternoon, and a “happy two hours” drink. For breakfast we had a remarkable choice of cheeses, breads, eggs “the way you like them”, many hot and cold items from the menu, fruit, waffles ...My boiled eggs were perfect the first time and served with a smile. The service was excellent, efficient and “effortless”. The Frette napkins and towelettes in the Club bathroom were a touch of class. One negative: Coffee from an automatic espresso machine in the Club was a complete disappointment – folks this machine has to go!!!The room was a bit “space efficient”, but we did not feel cramped and two large suit cases fit easily and out of the way. The TV could be more up to date but it was a “built in “flat screen and worked well. There was a very nice BOSE radio/alarm clock in the room, another expensive touch. The housekeeping was extraordinary and made up for any economy in room size. Every square inch of the floor was impeccably clean and the bathroom was spotless. On a Saturday morning we saw a young man walking cheerfully from one wall sconce to the next dusting/polishing them thoroughly with a cloth. This was really impressive particularly that they were nearly perfect to start with. For connoisseurs this hotel represents a great value for money especially with such favourable Euro/Pound exchange rate. We highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 27 2009 	Very good hotel but bit expensive !	Been for the second time to the Ic Londen and again a very good service! The Superior room has a partial view of Hyde park and is very small! Their must be a difference of 4 square meters ( Classic room 18 m² , Superior room 22 m² ) But their is no difference only the &quot; view &quot; . Normally their were 3 doorman two months ago but now non. Maybe they are saving ? But I will go their again if their is a promotion of something because the full price is really expensive !	
Aug 25 2009 	Great Experience...Recommend Highly !!	Spend a week in late august last year at this hotel, this was my fourth time in 6 years. The staff is very attentive and always ready to help you at a seconds notice. Rooms are comfy and very clean. Nice television set, choices of movies and programs, Excellent minibar with lots of goodies for the late nighter. The Club Level has to be one of the best from the Intercontinental Hotels. A good size lounge, with cook to order breakfast or self serving buffet, a mix of arab and international food makes for interesting and savory choices. The staff of this concierge or Club level are the best I have encounter in many Club level visits. The hotel also has a nice bar and a very good fusion style restaurant, a bit pricey, but what is not in London. Picadilly Street is just across the hotel, as well as a beaufitul park and many of London's attractions withing walking distance. My experience was excellent and this will be my hotel of choice next time I travel to London Again.	
Aug 24 2009 	Small rooms bad smell 	I stayed there 28-Jun till 5-July-2009… Room 873 and I will never stay there again for many reasons…Room has very bad view (inside the building), old furniture, poor cleanness level … Reception staff promised me to change it after 2 days of stay but they didn’t. Most of staff are not friendly specially the door man and a guy in the restaurant.The only advantage is the fabulous location but in same area there are better hotels like Hilton and JW Marriot.	
Aug 22 2009 	5 star for businessmen 3 star for everyone else!	We had a great deal here for 2 rooms, but it felt like since we received this price break, our stay would match the price. The location is good and the rooms are very nice.....however, this is not a 5 star hotel. We had just stayed at the IC Amstel and the San Fransisco Mark Hopkins, where they bent over backwords to help and make our stay pleasant. This is definitely a business hotel. We saw many people &quot; doing deals&quot; in the lounge, the restaurant..etc. They were catered too. The staff is nice but not very helpful. We saw the business patrons being catered to, while we felt secondary. There were almost no families, fair enough, but if you are a business hotel, make that more apparent in your adds. I called for turn down one time and never received it. ( At the Amstel, they not only came for turndown on a regular basis but left treats, water and other amenities ). I copied this from another review since it seemed to reflect my experience (This hotel might appeal to business travelers. Didn't see many other families. From other reviews it appears the suites and executive rooms are nice, and perhaps the staff is more accomodating to the patrons of those rooms).	
Aug 11 2009 	Great they went that extra mile	I can't fault this hotel at all. Clean rooms, quiet and the staff were excellent.	
Aug 3 2009 	Great hotel. Good locations and value for money	We stayed here for two nights, Friday and Saturday. The room, althoughonly a standard, was a good size by London standards and very clean. Bed very comfy. Check in staff very friendly, as were the waiting staff at breakfast. breakfast was excellent with lots of variety. I would certainly stay here again.	
Jul 28 2009 	Good Comfy stay	I am a plat Ambassador I have stayed at the Intercontintal in London before and i must commend the Reception staff at check in and check out for being friendly and helpful. I received a double upgrade to a very nice room which was spacious, clean and a very comfy bed. The only complaint i have is that for the 2 days i had breakfast in the restaurant the service was terrible as in no staff and badly managed resulting in me having to beg for some coffee and also having my breakfast taken away whilst i was up at the buffet bar. Also the quality of food at breakfast has nosedived as last year it was outstanding but i did notice that the selections are less and the quality of products have been downgraded. But i would gladly come here again minus the breakfast	
Jul 27 2009 	Good location. Five stars???	Husband was on business, so I joined him with our two teenage sons for one week. Booked two rooms, as they can only accomodate a max of three people in one standard room, utilizing a roll away. We were able to get adjoining rooms, even though the hotel was full. Rooms and bathrooms are on the small size. Nothing special. The usual four star amenities. Not much storage room, no place for suitcases. We were there for a week, and ended up stumbling around our &quot;stuff&quot; and each other and one can just forget about sharing the bathroom.The rooms were clean and the housekeeping staff did a good job.We utlilized the 7th floor lounge which had a stunning view and offered a fabulous selection of hot breakfast items, plus the usual continental fare. Offered sandwiches at &quot;tea time&quot; and cocktails with a beautiful canape plate in the evenings. The lounge staff were &quot;present&quot; but certainly not attentive.Very convenient location. Walk to shopping and many tourist sites or take the subway from Hyde Park corner.This hotel might appeal to business travelers. Didn't see many other families. From other reviews it appears the suites and executive rooms are nice, and perhaps the staff is more accomodating to the patrons of those rooms. Five stars? The hotel is, well, fine, but not worthy of five stars in my opinion, thus the average rating.	
Jul 21 2009 	Glad it was a free night	Arrived at 1.30pm could not check in until 2.oopm, fair enough. Went into lounge for a latte and cappuccino, bill was over £10. Lounge was nothing to write home about. Stayed at Intercontinetal in Muscat Oman many times which is a fantastic hotel, so perhaps the comparrisons are a bit unfair. It was a free nights stay so for the Intercontinental group to allow us this hotel was a bonus as we had booked to see a show at the Playhouse. The check in staff were efficient but no smiles and did not give extra information. We were upgraded to the business level which had a lounge, we had to find this out ourselves. The bedroom was adequate, bathroom very small. The cookhouse cafe was ok and breakfast had a good overall choice. At check in we were given a choice of paying £30 or booking breakfast then for £15 each.	
Jul 18 2009 	Five star price two star service	A superior room at the IC London this summer is in the neighborhood of 500 to 600 dollars and the hotel is billed as a five star. So I am reviewing it with regard to its price and rating. It merits neither. The service is comparable to a standard four star US hotel like a Hilton. The hotel performs quite poorly compared to other IC hotels (I'm a Gold Ambassador member) that I have been to in Asia and even North America. Onto services. The concierge staff is overworked. The front desk staff is adequate, but nothing to write home about. It will surprise no one that room service is overpriced, but nearly $25 a day for Internet service is a bit much. Yes, even by the standards of an Intercontinental. The location is good if you want to be near Green or Hyde Parks, but I would recommend top hotels that are a bit closer to Piccadilly itself. On the bright side, however, Green Park is a major Tube stop, an intersection for three lines. The bottom line is this: there is nothing wrong with the IC London. But there is nothing very special about it either. This is not a five star hotel where people will know your name. Staff members don't really go out of their way to be helpful; even if they had the inclination, they might not have the time. It is simply not worth more than about $250 a day. If you're a leisure traveler and you are paying more, you are being ripped off.	
Jul 17 2009 	Modern and peaceful... Amazing suite if you're very rich!	I stayed here with friends and family as a birthday treat. From the outside, its quite an ugly building, but is in quite a nice, quiet location, on the edge of Hyde Park, very conveniently next to a tube station. We stayed in a suite with a double and two single beds, which also included a large bathroom, toilet, and a a lounge with a large TV, DVD player etc.Room was beautiful - classic decoration, nice art prints, very clean, well presented. Loved the Molten Brown toiletries, very nice. As arranged, the room was left with a bowl of fruit and gorgeous birthday cake, one of the nicest I've ever had! With fresh cram and strawberries in it. Found the suites to be quite modern - so good if thats the kind of thing you like. If you prefer more stunning, tradidional decor, go for something like the Ritz.The cleaning staff were quite rude but the actual hotel management and workers were very welcoming and business like. The bar staff were good too, I took my younger sister and they didn't seem to mind her running about and making mischief!The only thing is I don't know if its worth booking a quite unless you have serious money. I don't but I got a special offer through knowing a worker there. One night in a suite for around 4,000GBP - don't quote me on that though - is a bit much! If you have a lower budget, the smaller rooms are ok, but nothing special particuarly. I also stayed in one of the &quot;budget&quot; rooms on a seperate occasion, and don't think I would reccomend them.Overall, a very good stay however. Nice doormen too. I'd reccomend it to the well off, lottery winners and business tycoons. Maybe not my friends though!	
Jul 11 2009 	Excellent service great location amazing staff. Incredible experience.	Spent a week in London with my girlfriend from July 3rd to the 10th. After having taken a red-eye flight and arriving at 9 am, we were delighted that our room was ready and we're checked in immediately. Staff was extremely kind and pleasant. I can see why some people on vacation may have felt out of place as a lot of business people frequent the hotel. However, let me re-assure people, the hotel does a lot for tourists also! The concierge service was incredible! Caroline at the Concierge desk helped us navigate our stay in London and arranged some wonderful restaurants, great tips for shopping and sight-seeing, and arranged great last-minute tickets to Chicago at the Cambridge Theatre. A true 5 Star hotel, with an amazing location. My gf and I walked everywhere from the hotel. A stone throw away from the Hard Rock Cafe, about a 8-10 minute walk to Buckingham Palace, and 8-10 minute walk to Picadilly Circus.	
Jul 3 2009 	trying to serve both business and leisure but not working	We stayed at the Intercontinental Park Lane from June 14 to 21st, arriving after a long flight at 9 a.m to a beautiful hotel with an odd smell in the lobby ( a cross between pipe smoke and gardenias). This pumped-in smell got more annoying as the trip wore on. The doorman was snappy and the front desk personnel were efficient with a room available right away. Although I had informed them before arrival that this trip was in aid of an anniversary celebration no mention was made of this during the entire trip, which would have been nice.We were put on the 7th floor, the club floor, but without lounge priveledges which is somewhat insulting. I guess they wanted to tempt us to shell out the extra money (about 80 pounds per day) but it was not worth it at all to us.The rooms are clean, the staff are cordial but distant and the room service was quite good. Our main problem came from noise, mainly a lot of door slamming and most of this was done by the staff themselves. After losing count at 14 slams across the hall whilst a room was being readied I gave up trying to have a nap.The hotel is full of business people from all over the world but I cannot understand why as they charge an extra 15 pounds per day or 5 pounds per hour for internet. The rooms are fine but not worth the full rack rate (which we did not pay). Located near Hyde Park Corner and Green Park tubes which is nice.In conclusion I would say it is a clean decent place but for the same price we have stayed in much better hotels.	
Jul 1 2009 	Hotel Par Excellence	Wonderful stay at the fabulous Intercon Park Lane.This is a high class hotel with some really excellent service and the club floor is really really good with the main attraction being the breakfast which is absolutely above par.The rooms are extremely comfortable with fantastic music system from BOSE and television Bang and Olufsen, infact you will find B&amp;O stuff all round the hotel.The hotel is very centrally located in the upmarket Mayfair area and the place to stay if you are in a mood to splurge i would recommend the executive room with club access.They have a very nice gym where working out is a pleasure, would recommend this hotel all the way and ofcourse one thing more the service is excellent .	
Jun 29 2009 	A perfect location	Situated on Old Park Lane this hotel was in a great location, arrival and check in was swift a quick - as we have come to expect from this chain. Our room was beautiful with good views and easy to walk in Hyde Park and Green Park. Compared to many city hotels it was large and airy with a huge comfy bed.Breakfast was served in Cook Book Cafe and was extensive.We also ate in Theo Randalls restaurant which is situated in the hotel and it was excellent.All in all the Intercontinental was a great choice of hotel and in my view it was an excellent choice and location.	
Jun 26 2009 	Another fabulous stay	We stayed here for the early May bank holiday weekend. We booked the standard room at £219 per night including breakfast, and as Royal Ambassadors, we were given a brilliant upgraded to a large suite. Our room was not ready on check in so rather than take a temporary room, we just went shopping and we were called about an hour later. We also took Club Intercontinental entry at a 50% discount - £40 plus VAT.This is probably our 5th stay here now and it gets better each time. The room was a very large corner suite. On entering, there was a dining area with table and chairs, guest bathroom, a living room with sofa, chaise longue and work/ business area, then double doors into a very large bedroom. There was a dressing area and a bathroom with double sinks and separate shower and about 20 big fluffy towels. The flat screen TVs are Bang &amp; Olufssen and there are Bose Wave radios in the room. The rooms were also very bright and airy with 3 sets of windows and a nice view over Wellington Arch.Breakfast in the Cookbook Cafe was very busy and is a buffet, however the ingredients were quality with little cards telling you were the bacon, sausages etc have come from.We booked brunch for the Sunday, this was excellent value at £38ish as it includes unlimited champagne and certain cocktails. The staff work very hard and always keep your glass topped up! The food varies from Sunday lunch to fish dishes and lots of nice desserts. I would definitely recommend this!The Club Lounge is on the top floor of the hotel with floor to ceiling windows and great views over London. We had afternoon tea which was very nice and in the evening we went up for drinks and nibbles.We had cocktails in the bar later in the evening, we had a basil martini and a blueberry martini, and these cost £8 to £10 each, so reasonable value for a 5 star hotel in Central London. The staff do a turndown in the evening leaving water by the bed and the bed is just so comfortable. I had the best nights sleep ever. Check out was very efficient.Again, a brilliant stay and I have already booked to return.	
Jun 21 2009 	Excellent Relaxing and Attentive Hotel. Expensive for Drinks though!	The hotel was booked through 'Top Secret Hotels' 2 weeks before we were due to stay there. Incredibly we got a Saturday night with breakfast for £150. We arrived early ( 1100hrs). Room ready and check in very quick and dealt with efficiently.Hotel room lived up to expectations with all the little extras that make a 5 star hotel stand out. We used the room for a couple of hours and went out. Incredibly when we returned in the evening the room had been cleaned again.Excellent easy to use air con, along with the large and comfortable bed ( great pillows)ensured a great nights sleep.Breakfast choice was fantastic, fresh food and a relaxed environment to eat in. The staff throughout the hotel were attentive, friendly and all knew their roles within the hotel.The only negatives were that the kettle did not work properly in the room and the mini bar was extremely expensive ( £4.50 for a mini can of coke). The bar prices downstairs did not encourage you to make use of it. Regardless of the fact that it is a 5 star hotel it should not be charging £15 for a double gin and tonic. Joe Public do use the hotel from time to time ( special occasions) but that is just stretching the wallet too far.	
Jun 19 2009 	A Fabulous Freebie!	We stayed here for one night in June for my girlfriend’s birthday, using Priority Club points which meant we could book a Classic room for free (otherwise it would have been £300). On arrival, we were delighted to be upgraded to a Superior room in honour of her birthday, and then 5 minutes after getting into the room, a decorated dessert iced with a Happy Birthday message was delivered – amazing service when we were getting the room for free already!Our Superior room overlooked the next door property’s roof terrace and Hyde Park Corner and had all mod cons – good aircon, fab shower, Bang &amp; Olufsen surround sound TV etc. It was also surprisingly quiet considering the hotel's location close to a very busy junction in central London - didn't notice traffic noise at all.Service was excellent, friendly and attentive – from the doormen to room service to the reception staff.We didn’t eat in the hotel, but it’s a very nice walk through Green Park past Buckingham Palace and down to the bottom of Haymarket where we had a restaurant booked. Afterwards we walked back through St James Park past the ponds then cut through Green Park again, thus avoiding all the traffic around Piccadilly.Would highly recommend this hotel if you can afford it – or have sufficient Priority Club points like us! Would say it is far superior to the Holiday Inns of the same chain.	
Jun 18 2009 	Beautiful intercontinental	Located in the centre of the city at a walking distance from Buckingham palace and London eye, the Intercontinental welcomes you to London. From the entry point at the lobby to the restaurant at the ground floor and even to the rooms the same feeling of a huge hotel with a good reputation goes with you. Apart from the staff being courteous and the location being nice, the hotel has some exquisite restaurants, with amazing food for your taste buds and a huge swimming pool for you to enjoy if that's not all come to the spa at intercontinental and relax till you get over with the daily worries of life with an exclusive massage and spa treatment.The rooms of the hotel are big and the food is awesome, the hotel also has an amazing collection of wines and is located at a walking distance from the London eye and Buckingham palace. If you are a hard rock cafe lover well, here it is just outside the hotel at the end of the lane and if you want some exquisite Indian food walk past 4 blocks and you reach to an exclusive indian restaurant with some awesome food. The hotel is adherent to all your possible needs and whether you are travelling alone or with girlfriend or on business you have something or the other to keep you busy in your free time.	
Jun 10 2009 	Lovely Hotel and Reception is Fab!!!	The Hotel is in a good location, 2 min walk from Hyde Park Tube. Friendly staff, Reception were excellent. We got upgraded complementry. The room was clean and had all the nice &quot;extras&quot; you would expect for a 5 star hotel ie Elemis products, CD player in room, Slippers, Turndown Service, Speakers in Bathroom to listen to TV,Bathroom mirrior that doesnt steam over, Additional large shower head, etc. We didnt eat in the Hotel but found a fab restaurant in Soho called Bistro. The food was excellent, service quick and friendly and great value for money.I would return to this Hotel.	
Jun 8 2009	100% Recommend	This is a lovely hotel. Myself and my mum stayed at the Intercontinental Park Lane to celebrate her birthday. We arrived at the hotel at 12 noon. We did not expect our room to be ready but we found the room was available for us (4th floor room 446). The check-in was fast and friendly. The room was lovely with two single beds a large flat screen TV and a Bose radio. The bathroom was a nice size and what a lovely surprise to have Elemenis toiletries and two bath robes. There were tea and coffee facilities, mini bar, and safe. After settling in our room we went out to explore London. On our return to the room my mum had a birthday cake and fruit left for her which was a lovely touch.We also had a turn down service every night with a little chocolate left on your pillow.Breakfast was £30 per person in the Cookbook Café or you could have Breakfast in the lobby for around £12.50. The breakfast was very good with plenty of variety.We had our evening meal at Theo Randall restaurant which was out of this world. The setting is stylish but relaxed, and yet again the staff our friendly and very attentive. I recommend you try this restaurant you will love it.We traveled by tube to the Hotel (Hyde Park Corner) from the tube it is no more than 5 min walk.I will 100% be going back to the Intercontinental Park Lane again and would recommend this Hotel to anyone.	
Jun 8 2009 	Good Hotel - Great Location 	The hotel is located within close distance and easy reach of the Hyde Park Corner tube station and it was clearly signposted at the station so we found it easily. We arrived at about 1pm - before check-in time, however our room was ready. The receptionist informed us that we had been upgraded to a room with a view over Hyde Park which we were pleased about. The lobby and downstairs areas in the hotel were lovely, it had a relaxed and welcoming feel. The bar area was smart and the chairs really comfy. Good first impressions. Our room was of average size - not huge but plenty of room for two people to be comfortable in. The bed was large and very comfortable. I noticed that the room and bathroom were exceptionally clean, which is something I really feel is necessary when I am staying somewhere. The decor wasn't to my taste, however there was nothing wrong with it - just a case of personal preference. The bathroom wasn't massive yet of sufficient size and the shower was a rainfall shower - with the big shower heads. Toiletries, dressing gowns and slippers were also provided. Upon returning to the room on the first evening I found a birthday card from the hotel along with a slice of cake (absolutely gorgeous), some comice pears and a box of chocolates - I thought this a really nice touch. The rooms also get turned down each evening which is good. We didn't order room service, however if you wish to then bare in mind it is very expensive!One gripe I had with the hotel (only minor) was that although there seemed to be a lot of staff stood by the doors, they were very rarely opened for us, only a small thing but I would expect a 5* hotel to have someone on the door to welcome guests in. On the Friday night we ate in Theo Randall's restaurant - not cheap but worth it! We opted for the 5 course taster menu, each course being exquisite. I do need to make particular mention to the Amalfi lemon tart - the best I have ever had! The sommilier seemed to have a good knowledge of the wines and all the waitering staff were friendly. The restaurant had a relaxed feel which was lovely - you didn't feel the need to have a really hushed conversation - there was a good buzz about the place. One lady - perhaps the maitre d (?) - went out of her way to be helpful - we couldn't manage our cheese course so she arranged for it to be taken up to our room. She was very down to earth and made you feel really welcome in the restaurant. Overall I would recommend the Intercontinental as there is nothing at all wrong with it. I probably wouldn't stay here again if visiting London as I like to try new places but that is no bad reflection on the Intercon. Although it is a good hotel, I wouldn't say that it was extra special - it didn't 100% match up to other 5 * hotels I have stayed in. I have also stayed at the Marriott on Park Lane and I did prefer this. I would say if you were just looking for a base to do some sighseeing / visit London then it's perfectly fine - however it is a big hotel so for a special occasion I would probably recommend a smaller, more personal hotel. I get the impression it is mostly geared up to the tourist and business traveller.	
Jun 1 2009	Really the Best!	What a wonderful experience this was. We stayed at the Intercontinental to celebrate my mother's birthday. The manager surprised her with a lovely bit of birthday cake and a plate of fruit in the room.We arrived at 10:00 a.m. to find they had a room available for us! The room was spacious, with two beds, and a large bath. Everything was clean, operational, and well thought out. There was an iron and board, two robes, Elemenis toiletries, large, flat screen TV, Bose radio, very effective black out drapes. The room and bath were spotless. There was a tea service, mini bar, and safe. Plenty of storage, plenty of room to move around. Very comfy chair and foot rest. We heard no street noise, no noise from the hall or neighboring rooms, including nothing through the door that connected inside to the next room.From the moment we walked in all staff were clearly there to make us feel welcome and comfortable. Service in the executive lounge was attentive and friendly. There were two free computers to use at your leisure. Breakfast had good variety and was tasty.We will absolutely stay at this Intercontinental again. What a pleasure to stay where you are pampered guests.	
May 24 2009 	Fantastic Trip!	Stayed here for 2 nights 22-24 May 09. Wrote a letter in advance stating it was my Silverwedding and my 50th birthday. Didnt expect anything, but i was knocked out when the receptionist congartulated me on my double celebration! I was upgraded to a Superior room, hotel was great, breakfast was superb.If i was staying longer i wuld have tried the Sundy Brunch, £40 for 3 courses and all the Champagne you can drink! Has to be the best deal in London surely.would gombacktomorrow.	
May 10 2009 	Great location comfortable and friendly	Our room was great -- nicely appointed bathroom with an amazing shower. Staff was fantastic, and very easy to get to from heathrow. 10-15 minute walk to bond street/picadilly	
Apr 29 2009 	perfect - parfait	room upgrade -wonderful service - price/quality 10/10	
Apr 27 2009 	Outstanding Hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for two nights, along with my parents who are actually from England, and we were all extremely happy with this hotel. The service was excellent, the room was very clean with very nice furnishings, and the location was ideal. I have stayed at numerous InterContinentals, and found the London Park Lane to be one of the best - especially for the price. I would recommend this hotel for both first time visitors to London and for people who have spent a lot of time in London.	
Apr 23 2009 	4.5 Stars! Good Location Quiet Rooms Pleasant Staff	I wanted to rate this hotel as &quot;4.5&quot; here on TripAdvisor, but that's not an option. A perfect rating is also out of the question, so a &quot;4&quot; it is, with regret. I'd like to single out for special praise the pleasant and helpful attitude of the entire staff. They would collectively rate as one of the best I've encountered.This hotel is classified as a five-star property, and this review takes that fact into account. My feeling is that this is not quite a &quot;classic&quot; five-star in quality; it's no George V, Berkeley, or Four Seasons. Luckily, I paid four-star prices.Good: Location, room quality, bathroom, staff interaction, quiet roomNot so good: Insulting costs for incidentals (wi-fi, minibar, phone), service hiccups, wi-fi accessI had a room on the eighth floor in April 2009 (over Easter), booked through the opaque provider Hotwire, and I paid an average of USD $175 per night, inclusive.A month or two before check-in, I sent a personal letter to the manager indicating my several special requests. I was shocked to discover that each of my requests were accomodated (non-smoking, high floor, early check-in) even though I had booked through Hotwire (Hotwire/Priceline guests often receive less-desirable rooms in hotels). I was also upgraded to a deluxe room, though I did not request or expect it.The interactions (though not necessarily the results) with the staff were always pleasant and earnest, and I did not detect a hint of condescension even though I'm kind of a scruffy traveler. In fact, the desk staff who checked me in could not have treated me better.During the stay, service (though I did not need much attention) was somewhat lacking, and while that might be excusable in a lesser property, five-star hotels must be held to a higher standard. Even getting an ice bucket to the room promptly proved a challenge. However, these incidents were minor.On the flipside, management provided a complimentary plate of Easter sweets and (separately) a bottle of water.The room itself was rather nice (again, in context of a five-star property), well-appointed, but not fussy or over the top. Rather small for a five-star, the room was still large enough to feel less than cramped. There was enough storage space for my two bags, but there wasn't room for much else in the wardrobe (the only storage provided). As one would expect of a five-star, the room was quite clean. When the balcony door was closed, the room was very quiet, and I was never disturbed by outside noise (exterior, hallways, neighbors, etc).The hotel is in a decent location, and the Hyde Park Corner tube station is close by (although a flight of stairs down and up is involved to reach the station). However, there are not many dining/drinking options in the immediate neighborhood. If easy access to restaurants and pubs is important, then this hotel may not be a perfect choice.A brisk 20 minute walk will get one to Piccadilly, or Westminster, or other famous places in London.Hyde Park (itself) is next door, Buckingham Palace is a short walk away, and Harrod's about 15 minutes by foot or moments via tube. Across the road from Harrod's proper (on Brompton) there is a grocery store for those who like (as I do) to pick up some water, bread, drinks, or whatever to keep in the room.All the usual five-star amenities are present, including Frette linen, robes, slippers, a Bose radio, and a handily wall-mounted Bang &amp; Olufson television. My room had a large balcony (I love balconies!), and from what I could see from the exterior, there are not many rooms with balconies.The programming is international, and in many languages. ESPN (american sport channel) is available, and the first time I have seen that in my international travels. The British TV channels are there, along with SKY news, CNN, and a few other English-language stations.Several electrical outlets are provided, and in various voltages and configurations (USA, Great Britain, and mainland Europe).The minibar is well-stocked; the pricing is shockingly high. It is an automatic device, so the guest is UNABLE to remove the items (to store their own purchases, for example) without being charged for them. Be careful not to accidentally remove an item.Don't use the in-room phone either. The charges are, like most incidentals in this hotel, insulting.The bathroom, though small, is well-fitted; the bathtub has the traditional hand-held showerhead and the always-appreciated &quot;rainfall&quot; showerhead as well. The water is quite hot, and the pressure is fine.Internet access, however, is a serious issue, and poorly handled at this property. There is no wi-fi available in rooms; wi-fi is only in the public areas. Worse, the charges for internet and wi-fi are OUTRAGEOUSLY and shamefully high. The charge is £5 (about USD $8 as of my stay) for ONE hour's worth of access, or £15 (USD $23) for 24 hours worth. The charge is the same for both wired in-room and wi-fi internet service.The public areas are very nice, and I enjoyed the (again, expensive) lounge. It is a comfortable, welcoming place. They also had the best macadamia nuts I have ever tasted (served with your drink). I did not dine at either of the two restaurants, nor did I breakfast at the property.	
Apr 13 2009	Loved it	My daughter and I shared a room for four nights. Comfy beds, easy walk to the Hyde Park Corner tube station on the Picadilly line. The hotel smelled so nice, the hallways were elegant. Stay here if you can. Only one drawback, we didn't have any drawer space, that was weird!	
Apr 12 2009 	Luxury Hotel	We re visited the Intercontinental on Park Lane during February 09. We stayed for the weekend as we had booked a meal at Gordon Ramseys resturant Murano's. We arrived on Friday lunchtime and we were shown our suite as it was ready. It was simply divine and very luxurious. The suite could not be faulted at all, view was over Aspley House as we had requested, extremely clean and well stocked with bathroom products - elemis.On Friday evening we dined at Theo Randells resturant which is the hotel - the food was fabulous and the service was impecable. We will definately return. The following day we were sightseeing and then returned to the hotel. That evening we dined at Murano's the food was fabulous and again the service was impecable.Overall the hotel service by the staff including the reception and the club lounge were excellent. We would recommend this hotel and hope to return soon.	
Mar 31 2009 	Ridiculous	I tried booking for the Intercontinental. We are a family of 2 adults and 1 child of 2 and a half and 1 baby of 7 months. They told me I cant have the children in the same room. How do they honestly expect me to put them in another room at that age!! The reservations were very rude and unhelpful.	
Mar 29 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	Stayed at the Intercontinental when visiting London for my companies Christmas dance. Stunning hotel in a magnificent location on corner of Hyde Park/Park Lane. Very friendly and efficient check in staff - we arrived at 9:30 am and asked if we could store our luggage until a room was ready, but the staff member who was checking us in found a room and allocated it to us, albeit it only had a view into the inner courtyard. Hotel is very well appointed throughout from the reception to the corridors and lifts and is deserving of its 5* status. Rooms are very comfortable - not massive, but then who visits London to stay in a room! High quality BOSE TV/Sound system in room, writing table and good wardrobe/storage with iron/ing board etc. Bathrooms very modern with high quality fittings. And the bed - WOW!!! So comfortable.Didn't have a meal in any of the restaurants so can't comment, but buffet breakfast was was good. Drinks are quite expensive, but you are staying in a 5* hotel so that's only to be expected. Wouldn't hesistate to recommend hotel to anyone	
Mar 28 2009 	Great location! Good hotel....	We got an excellent deal on this hotel from Expedia and you can't beat the location. You are a quick walk from the Green Park tube stop and right across from Green Park. The hotel smells like roses when you walk in, which is a nice touch. The rooms are a bit small, but typical for London. We had to have a portable bed rolled in for our son, but they brought it up right away. The restaurant was okay, but go out to one of the local restaurants or pubs for a good English breakfast. My only complaint was that our television remote ended up missing twice during our 5 night trip, right after the maids cleaned the room. The hotel did bring up new remotes but it took them quite awhile to locate one. Overall though, it was a good experience.	
Mar 22 2009 	Overpriced and overrated	I have stayed here before, and liked it, but the hotel has gone down hill for sure. For a start, it's expensive and Priority Club doesn't give you points if you book advance rate. They charge a fortune for anything extra, such as internet access.The rooms are ok and clean, but bog standard Intercon. The gym is great. However the lifts are super slow, and two of them were broken down, so the whole hotel was relying on one or sometimes two lifts. It took forever. The location is also not great if you're working in the city. We were there during the big snow in London, and could not do anything ... without cabs you really can't be at this hotel... much better to be in the city. In fact for this price, I think there are much nicer hotels in London to stay at.	
Mar 20 2009 	Pricey but worth the treat	I went here with my wife for a night! Absolutely top class. I'm a regular user of the Intercontinental group but this hotel is one of their best. The bar though was a bit crap but who stays that long in a hotel bar anyway! Perfect for couples or business.	
Mar 17 2009 	What's happened to the light?	Stayed in the suite in 2007 and 2008. This is a very good hotel, newly renovated (06?07?), clean and modern, expecially given all other hotels (inside the room) in London are pretty old. Quite area, very close to the underground, and the taxi are always there. 5 mins walk to Hyde Park and the underground. 15-20 mins walk to Harrods, very good walk (along Hyde Park) if the weather is nice. I will definately come back but only if I am on holiday. This is not a business hotel, the suites I stayed in 2007 (top floor) and 2008 (lowerest floor) are very pooly lit and the desk lamp is a joke. I have to moved all the standing lamps (one or two) next to my table and it's still not bright enough (against the dark wood/ deep colour background). Struggle to work / read and write/, under a very romatic atmosphere and I was only 34-35 then. I doubt if anyone can work under the candle light for more than 1 hour. It seems that the standard room are in lighter colour (yellow/beige?) and maybe the lighting will be more work-friendly.	
Mar 13 2009 	Best hotel stay ever	We booked the Intercontinental on Park Lane as a treat for my husband's birthday and to go sales shopping, using our free weekend night certificate from the Ambassador pack. We booked a studio suite, however when we arrived they informed us we had been upgraded to a luxury suite (triple upgrade so we were very happy). Our butler took us up to the room, which was absolutely massive, especially considering the location overlooking Hyde Park Corner. There was marble floors, a guest cloakroom, large dining and sitting area, with a separate large bedroom and huge bathroom. Elemis goodies in the bathroom (and full size soap and moisturiser in the guest toilet).The Club lounge was being refurbished when we stayed, but the hotel had turned part of the ground floor bar and lounge into a Club area. The facilities Club access gives you is easily worth the extra money. There was everything you could want for breakfast in the Cookbook Cafe. Afternoon Tea in the lounge area with sandwiches made especially for us (we are allergic to dairy) and wonderful little chinese style tea pots with around fifty varities of tea was a lovely surprise. But the best bit was evening cocktail hour, we must have had more than a bottle of champagne between us, with choices of pink champagne or the classic champagne cocktail, who wouldn't? As the restuarant was closed, we had room service dinner, which was ok but nothing special. We didn't use the gym or spa but both looked brilliant, with individual new water bottles and rolled towels on every machine in the gym. As the Club lunge was closed we got free internet access in the business lounge.This is the only time I have stayed in an hotel and had my expectations surpassed. The service was perfect and staff were helpful beyond the call of duty at all times and extremely polite, without being at all fussy. There was even a chocolate cake wishing my husband happy birthday in the room when we arrived and staff knew our names and which room we were in whenever we had a query. I can't really express how great this hotel is, much better than the Hilton on Park Lane, or any other hotel I have been to. We will definitely be going back.	
Mar 4 2009 	Wonderful	Fantastic hotel! Great location, great room (Executive suite). We always try and stay at Intercontinental hotels/resorts whilst travelling and yet again they delivered.The hotel is located in our favourite part of London, which is within nice walking distance of other hotels, bars and restaurants.The foyer and check in desk can be a little impersonal due to the size of the hotel, but highly recommended.	
Feb 15 2009 	Gorgeous hotel!	What a wonderful hotel, elegant, perfect location, very comfortable beds and the best showers I have ever used! THe food was excellent, the staff absolutely the best....we were off to a show, and the queue for taxis was long due to an event, the hotel provided a private car and we made it to the show with minutes to spare! Thank you Hotel Intercontinental! I would return to this hotel again and again, plus highly recommend it!!	
Feb 15 2009 	Nice hotel poor club lounge	Stayed for a week here while at a course and overall the hotel was quite nice and good value. I had a club room which was a disappointment. The room itself was large and comfortable, but the bathroom was small and decrepit with a bath/shower combo that is not appropriate for a 5* hotel.The club lounge was the main problem i had with the hotel. Staff were bored and not that helpful, while food quality was poor. The fact that alcoholic beverages were only served between 6pm and 9pm reflected poorly on the hotel. If you are paying extra for the use of the lounge drinks should be complimentary all day, they need to take a leaf out of the ritz carlton's book. On the plus side, the club lounge itself is a nice room with fantastic view.Overall this is a good but not great hotel, i would not stay here again given the other options in London such as the Sofitel St James and the Renaissance Chancery Court	
Feb 13 2009 	Superb Hotel	We stayed at the InterContinental Park Lane for one night on Feb 7th and once again it was excellent. The check in was quick and efficient. The staff are really helpful with any questions that you have and are not snooty as you may expect. We were dressed in jeans and trainers for a day out walking and were treated exactly the same as the people that had louis vuitton dripping from every pore. Rooms are so so comfy with comfy big bed, utter silence in the room - you can't hear noise from any other room.Location is great - tube stop within 2 mins walk, bus stop within 1 min walk and town centre on the doorstep. if you're feeling lazy its still only a £5 cab ride from leicester square at night. its also the perfect location for a sunday morning wander past buckingham palace (5-10 mins) to see changing of the guard at 11am and then along the mall into the shops	
Feb 11 2009 	Excellent hotel in London	This hotel has a prime location in London City. Many sights are within easy walking distance or the Underground is only a few minutes walk down the road. The staff were very professional and the room cleaned impeccably.I can't comment on the hotel restaurants for we dined outside the hotel.	
Feb 9 2009 	Don't Stay in This Hotel!	Don't stay in this hotel! Reception put me on the &quot;Intercontinental Club&quot; floor. When I went to use the Club, however, I was informed that if I actually intended to &quot;use&quot; the Club, there would be an ADDITIONAL charge of $200. During my stay I made a local call - when I checked out I was told that the hotel charges $5 PER MINUTE for a call to a local cell phone. When asked if I hadn't seen the tariff sheet next to my phone I advised that I didn't bother to look for such a card since it NEVER occurred to me that the hotel would charge $5 PER MINUTE for a call to a local cell phone. A collosal rip-off.	
Feb 7 2009 	Enjoyed this Hotel and Staff	We stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel &amp; Suites in London, and our experience was fantastic. The staff was very helpful and made us feel like royalty, no kidding. They opened your bed sheets in the afternoons and provide you with slippers for the night. I always try to get top floor so I can have city views and this trip was no different. The hotel was a few blocks from the Buckingham Palace and long green parks. We enjoyed the sites whenever we walked.We saw Big Ben, the Eye of London, took a Thames River boat tour and saw all London bridges, including the famous Tower Bridge and other attractions including shopping at Harrods.London is expensive, but we enjoyed our stay there indeed. Ah, and the famous London black taxis look small, but they are big inside! ** I recommend this fabulous city to anyone. **	
Feb 4 2009 	Wonderful time	After staying at the Connaugh two nights because the Intercontinental I can report the Intercontinental is the better hotel. Staff is young and really work at taking care of you.The rooms are a good size and are intelligently thought out. Beds are very good also.The food could be better, but it is a commerical hotel. There are a lot of good restaurants around. This is a good location with Shepard's Gate close and only a 15 minute walk to St. James.	
Feb 2 2009 	Very convenient location	Idealy located infront of Park Lane. Walking distance from Picadilly, Harrods, Buckingham Palace and if 10 minutes walking is not too much for you ... you can arrive to London Eye and Big Ben without taking any taxi.Rooms are very nice, friendly staff. I originaly booked Hilton but I quited the hotel because it is very noicy because of the wind and the tall floors had this problem. Intercontinental just have 7 floors if I'm not wrong and you won't be able to see from the window of your room Buckingham and London Eye as in Hilton, but you will sleep very very pleasant.Just be warn to review your bill while quiting the hotel, I was charged with a Red Bull and a M&amp;M that I never took :(. Absolutely recommended location	
Feb 2 2009 	Very disappointed not a 5* hotel	Having expected a weekend stay of luxury, we were very disappointed with the lack of personal service at this hotel. Our initial greeting was somewhat average and we were not even offered help with our luggage. The room was ok but definately not deluxe, there was lack of attention to detail in the room and there was various damage to the furniture and various lighting did not work. Having been asked if we wished to receive a newspaper and for it then not to be delivered was in our opinion not 5* service, why offer if you cannot deliver? Having booked several days prior to our visit to have dinner in the Theo Randall restaurant to find this was not done and then rebooking on our arrival to find that when we attended for dinner that we were still not booked in was somewhat upsetting and leaves you with a lack of faith in what should have been a luxury stay in 5* accomodation.	
Jan 16 2009 	``	First time at this hotel, after numerous previous visits to London. From now on...I'll plan to stay here! The location is perfect --walking distance to many sights and lovely local neighborhoods. (Do not miss the nearby, but hidden, Shepherd Market area, wth its small pubs, restaurants, and shops, and Belgravia, and the walk down Piccadilly from the hotel).The hotel room, including the bathroom, is beautiful. Beds are superbly comfortable! Housekeeping is impeccable, with twice a day tidy/clean-ups and even slippers laid out by the bedside in the evening. The room and bathroom were always spotless. Unfortunately (for us, not him) Theo Randall's restaurant was closed for the Chiristmas-Boxing Day weekend, so we didnt get a chance to partake. The menu looked wonderful, and reasonably priced.Staff service--second to non,e anywhere!! Talk about going out of your way for a guest!! One of the staff, Malik, walked two blocks in freezing cold weather to help me bring luggage to the hotel. I'd made a wrong turn, and when my daughter went ahead, and mentioned this to him, out he wrnt wtihout even a jacket, to rescue me. I wish i could recall names of all the front desk and door staff. They ar alwasy ready with a smile and genuine courtesy--Malik, Husein, and others, thefront desk reception staff. The concierge desk deserves special mention. Bravo GUIDO!!! MILLE GRAZIE! He's an interesting, extremely knowledgeable gentleman who can answer all your questions, no matter how trivial they seem. If he doesnt know--he'll soon find out! He seems ot know everything about London. His colleagues Caroline and John are great too.To all the staff, and the GM, a huge thanks for providing excellent service in a beautiful hotel. The location of this place--in one of the exclusive areas of London--hasn't &quot;turned their heads&quot; or prevented them from offering professional, helpful, genuine and friendly service. Now that is REAL class!!	
Jan 14 2009	Bad check in and club floor	We stayed here last November, at check in the employee told us we had a upgrade to a bigger room at the back site of the hotel, they give our booked room away, because when I make the reservation by phone the lady told me the she already graded us up to a suit at the park site.There was nothing we good do about is, the hotel was fully booked and the first change to the other site would be on Sunday after 14.00, we don´t want to wait at the hotel the whole day for that change so we stayed at the other room, at that site they were rebuilding another hotel so very noisy.The service on the club floor was very bad, no attention of the staff, drinks and snacks was the same every day, sandwiches at afternoon tea very dry so you need a lot of tea to handle it.For the service we get this hotel was very overpriced, we payed 399,- pound a night so next time we go to another hotel. That's a shame for an ambassador member of the Inteconti chain	
Jan 13 2009 	Overall a very good hotel	My wife, daughters (10 &amp; 12) and I stayed for a bit over a week after Xmas thru the New Year. We had adjoining rooms, no view to speak of, but very comfortable for us. The hotel is really more of a 4 Star business hotel than a 5 Star deluxe, but it is well located -- 1 block from the subway and an easy walk to restaurants, Buckingham Palace and other sights.The service was attentive and pleasant, but had some trouble with English (mostly Eastern European) so the newspapers and coffee/tea service in the rooms was never quite right. And in the cold of winter it never seemed that there was a doorman at the door; they seemed to show up after you got there and started to come in.That said, a very nice hotel; good value for the location and quality.	
Jan 6 2009 	Gorgeous room in a fabulous location	We visited London for the NYE celebrations, as well as our 1-year anniversary. Upon receiving this hotel on Priceline, I emailed the hotel with information about our special occassion, and was informed that they would upgrade us to a Deluxe Room overlooking Hyde Park. Wonderful! Upon arrival at 10am, our room (742) wasn't ready, but we were invited to use the Club Lounge for the morning and afternoon until our room was ready. What a treat! Gorgeous views of the city, and a great spread of free foods and drinks. A wonderful way to relax after a long flight. We were given our room at 2:30pm, and WHAT A ROOM! Gorgeous decor, a stunning bathroom, super comfortable bed, and even a balcony overlooking the park. Service at this hotel was stellar, and employees here go out of their way to make guests feel welcomed. Standard rates are rather high, but for a full-service hotel on Park Lane in Central London, you're going to pay! We plan to visit London again in June and are thinking about booking a Club-Level room if we can swing the rates. Food and service in the Club is well-worth the extra expense. A great stay at a fabulous London hotel!	
Jan 5 2009 	Warm friendly and nothing too much trouble	I booked a one night stay (New Year's Eve) at the Intercontinental London Park Lane indirectly via the Travel Republic website. This was part of a surprise, special New Year's trip to London for my girlfriend. I made the hotel aware of this via the booking form. The hotel, located at Hyde Park Corner, has recently undergone a major refurbishment and while the exterior is unlikely to ever to live up to some of the older, grander London hotels, I found the interior to be superb - contemporary luxury, without being too fussy or trying too hard. The doormen were welcoming and friendly; Jana on the check-in desk was helpful, efficient and friendly. My girlfriend and I felt immediately warmly welcomed and as if we personally mattered. We were given an upgraded room on the 8th floor, with views, which was in excellent condition. It was not a huge room, but I felt for London was probably good and it suited our needs perfectly. The club lounge facilities were also highlighted to us and we paid an additional amount to enjoy these as part of the hotel's New Year's package. These facilities are also available at other times too for an additional charge or are included with certain rooms. A special treat, in the form of a tasty dessert for two, was also delivered to our room gratis while we were out, which was another lovely touch. The breakfast the next morning was delicious and was taken in Theo Randall's restaurant. If there was to be any room for improvement, it would probably be around ensuring that breakfast items were always available, or at the very least with only very minor delays, and some items (glasses, plates, eggs, bread) were perhaps a little slow to be replensished at times. However, the staff did always appear to be pleasant and to be doing their best to resolve any issues as quickly as they could. On the plus side, this meant that the food always tasted fresh as it was never left standing for too long. All in all we had a fabulous stay and would very much enjoy a return visit I am sure. Intercontinental may be a chain, but the experience felt personalised and we have nothing but happy memories of our stay!	
Jan 1 2009	Definitely not a 5 star hotel	We just returned from staying at the Intercontinental over Christmas week. We had originally planned to stay at a short term apartment rental which ended up not working out, so we stayed at the Intercontinental at the last minute. We were able to get 2 connecting rooms as our children were with us. The man at the front desk was very accommodating and helped us configure the rooms in the most comfortable manner for our family of five. A cot was added to one of the rooms right away...The room's size was decent. However, the decor is drab and even looked tired to me despite the fact the hotel was renovated in 2007. The bathroom is not of a 5 star hotel quality...only one sink, the shower requires a shower curtain where the liner was already lined at the bottom with an orange mildew...as well, some of the grout between new tiles was already showing some orange mildew. The heating/cooling unit was extremely loud when it was running. The service at the cookbook cafe and the bar area was slow and expensive. Although, we really thought overall the food was good.In general, we had a good 8 day stay considering our circumstances. I just don't understand when people claim 5 star quality and it doesn't really exist here.	
Dec 9 2008 	High standards yet a little impersonal	The hotel is a typical example of what a big hotel chain can offer. It should be reasonable to expect high standards of service and indeed that is what you get.Location is excellent for any visitor, either he/she visits London for business, shopping or sight seeing. A short walk takes you to the Hyde Park Corner subway station on Piccadilly line and from there you can access all major sites. Oxford Street, Bond Street, Regent Street, theatres and other attractions are also at walking distance.The standard room is big, well equipped with high-end audio and visual equipment, heating system is effective and the area is generally quiet. Proximity to Hyde Park offers a great view to most of the rooms although there are rooms facing inwards so there is a chance you may not have a view at all, unless you consider other guests' rooms a view. These rooms are generally darker and you need to try to get a glimpse at the sky, so check with the hotel before you book.The room is nicely decorated, has a british touch, an extremely comfortable bed and the bathroom is also big, stylish and -above all- functional (those who have visited more traditional hotels in the UK, especially some years ago, know what I mean).Service is typical of a big hotel chain. Staff is well trained and efficient. Rooms are kept clean, room service is fast and privacy is respected at all times.I was only able to have breakfast there once and I think that this experience is perhaps one of the few reasons why I could not give the hotel a five star review. I did not have any problem personally as my tea and toasted bread arrived within a few minutes, nevertheless I have witnessed two couples that were served after 20 minutes or so and only after they have complained (twice).I do not want to be misunderstood as I do believe we should treat working people with respect and this increases our chances of getting better service and a genuine smile back from them. There are people who think that by paying for any service they have to be treated like a king even when their demands are absurd. In that case the truth was somewhere in the middle so an existing problem has been exacerbated. The way I see it, the hotel should provide essential items like hot beverages and bread in the buffet as these items are always in demand and this does not allow the staff to be efficient when they have to take orders and serve so many tables. Could be cost-cutting reasons or bad planning, in any case the result did not do justice to the hotel or the staff. Buffet items where sufficient I suppose but nevertheless nothing extraordinary.Overall, the hotel is in a very nice, green and quiet location of a very lively and exciting city. The standards are very high and I cannot really find any serious flaws apart from some problems in the breakfast hall and the fact that it does not have a unique character. I often got a feeling that this hotel could be at any part of the world, then again I find this is often the case with big hotel chains. The &quot;blind&quot;rooms facing inwards is also something you should avoid if you are planning to spend a lot of time in the room.With the above in mind I would have some second thoughts if I was to recommend this hotel to those planning a romantic trip or their honeymoon. Apart from that it has all it takes to ensure a quality and problem-free stay.	
Dec 7 2008 	Outstanding hotel!	Outstanding hotel! We stayed here for a week from the end of November to the beginning of December and everything was perfect! Admittedly, we were supposed to be very busy that week in London, however we found ourselves coming back to the hotel early every day just to come back to our lovely room! It was such a lovely seclusion to relax in!The room was gorgeous, from everything from the bed to the view to the tv, the furnishings etc and the bathroom was such a refreshing retreat at the beginning/end of the day! The breakfast was one of the high points of the stay. English breakfast was included in our room rate, but we mostly helped ourselves to Continental breakfast which was delicious. The waiters/waitresses were very friendly and helpful. The reception staff were some of the most courteous we have ever experienced and all of the other details of the Intercontinental, such as the decor etc were all lovely. A perfect location too, as it's right at Hyde Park Corner and so accessible for Park Lane in one direction and Picadilly Circus in the other, and Hyde Park Corner tube station right outside the hotel. As a Londoner, this is an ideal location as most things are within walking distance and the Picadilly Line good for everything in Central London. Would love to come back again!	
Dec 1 2008 	Great hotel in perfect location	We spent three nights at the Intercontinental on Park Lane at the end of Nov 2008. It was a first time visit and we were very impressed. All the usual 5 star qualities you would expect, pleasant, efficient staff and a fantastic breakfast. The location is really convenient for both shopping and tourist areas so we were able to walk most places. Our standard room was sufficient for a city break - excellent, comfortable bed, great shower &amp; lovely Elemis toiletries. We didn't eat at the hotel although we did read the restaurant menu (Theo Randall) &amp; it sounds great. Had a few drinks which are expensive but there is a lovely atmosphere in the bar so good for a nightcap. Would definitely return!	
Nov 11 2008 	London - Rememberence weekend	Just spent Friday/Saturday 07/08 Nov at this hotel. The hotel is indeed luxurious, and in nearly all respects what you would expect from an Intercontinental. Check-in was smooth, efficient and friendly with Maria who by coincidence checked us out also. Being Ambassador members we were upgraded to an executive room with nice views of Hyde Park and also had late check out on Sunday at 4pm. A basket of fruit, box of biscuts and mineral water together with an invitation to an art gallery was sent to the room on Saturday. It was a very relaxing time at the hotel and gave a score of 4 because I had some issues with the Club lounge, lovely setting and very nice breakfast each morning..the downside not all staff entirely pleasant, the temperature of the area was a little cold not inducive to staying there very long, and the snacks/canapes well not an match to Abu Dhabi Interconti, could do with a better variety during the day and evening. Also for a tea drinking nation please learn the art of making a hot cup of tea!! Probably being a little picky, though don't let this put you off going there as the hotel is really very very nice. Location convenient to most sights, we walked everywhere and had no issues with the location.	
Nov 5 2008	DSD	i went few days ago in the bar of the internet continental hotel,and my experience was very bad.When we arrivals to the bar nobody said hello to us,after we sat in a table with still some dirty staff on it from the people who stay there before.After that we ha d to call the waitress to came to clean the table for us and finally we ordered.The drinks came after 20 min.our order and nobody cheque the satisfaction or offer to us something else.In my opinion that's definitly not what you expect if you go in a 5 star hotel plus with that prices!!!In the futur I will never book a room in that place for sure!	
Nov 3 2008	Nice hotel but expensive	We stayed one night at the Intercontinental and got a good deal through Priceline. The hotel is a typical 5* chain hotel, all immaculately clean and everything you would expect, with a nice turndown service. The shower is amazing, and the Elemis toiletries are lovely. It is very convenient for the underground, which is literally just outside the hotel (Hyde Park Corner). However, food and drink here is extremely expensive so be warned; breakfast is £29 a head! We were lucky enough to be upgraded to a superior room as there were only smoking standard rooms left; however, I must say that the superior rooms were no better than the standard rooms at the Marriott so I do wonder what the standard rooms at the Intercontinental are like. I would return if I got a good deal, it I was paying full price I could do better elsewhere.	
Nov 3 2008 	Great Start To A Great Weekend Treat	I booked a night at the Intercontinental, Park Lane with Priority reward points as part of my wife’s birthday celebrations which included the Orient Express to Paris.We often stay at the Holiday Inn, Mayfair but thought that even though they are in close proximity to each other we would spoil ourselves with a little extra luxury. Previous posts also gave me the impression we would be in safe hands.My only concern was the size and location of room that would be provided as we were using points, this was London after all. My worries were unfounded as our room was on a higher floor, with partial views of Parliament and Westminster Abbey and large. I’ve stayed in many hotels in London, some where you literally had to open the wardrobe door to turn over in bed at night, but this was spacious by any standard.A king size bed, lots of pillows and cushions, a sofa seating area with flat screen TV and Bose sound system clock, and even a fair size bathroom.After we had checked in the receptionist offered some advice regarding transportation to the station for our trip on the Orient Express the following morning. If nothing else it created the impression that they were aware of our itinerary and that we were not just another couple of guests. In my mind it’s usually the simple things that are appreciated more.A long day spent walking around London encouraged us to indulge in a couple of nightcaps in the hotel lounge. Typically expensive, but this was part of a weekend where we were prepared to spoil ourselves and remind ourselves why we work hard for a living. Although it was quite busy the bar waitress was attentive and our service was courteous, not surly in any way. The prices however were expensive, £10 for a 175ml glass of wine and £11.50 for a spirit, ouch, but again it wasn’t our intention to count pennies on this trip.When we returned to our room the usual turn down service had also left a bottle of mineral water, a fruit bowl, a packet of chocolate biscuits and a birthday cake for my wife, a lovely touch. As stated earlier it’s usually the little touches that are appreciated.Overall just what I had hoped for from an Intercontinental Hotel on Park Lane. Would I recommend it? Yes, if your pockets are deep enough. Would I stay there again? Probably not, for no other reason than the Holiday Inn, Mayfair is more reasonable in terms of cost, comfort and location.However, as a starting point for a weekend of luxury and spoiling ourselves it was excellent, and if we were to plan a similar trip again, I would return.	
Oct 24 2008 	A weekend dream getaway	Where to start???The planning involved with this 4 day weekend consisted of months of planning and arranging and all with the fantastic help of Alixandra from the Hotels Concierge division. She had no idea when we were going or even where we were going. She only knew that I loved her and was someday going to ask her to spend the rest of her life with me. I took her right from her work; bags already packed in the car and passports in hand. We flew into Heathrow in London dropped off our luggage for trip to the hotel, and then we picked up our next flight which she knew nothing of to Paris for the day. I asked my beautiful phenomenal girlfriend to marry me on the Eiffel Tower after touring the finest of areas and hot spots of Paris that were all recommended by Alixandra and the other staff that she consulted with. We then took first class tickets on the Chunnel train back to London and both of us wanted to get to the Hotel, but little did we know what we were going to experience! Roses throughout the rooms and on the master bed in the shape of a large red heart, and champagne on ice had all been prearranged and were done magnificently. On top of this Alixandra had arranged for 2 large bars of dark chocolate, fresh cheeses, biscuits and strawberries. Alixandra also arranged for us to be upgraded to a single bedroom suite that cannot even be described. The workmanship and the detail to cleanliness cannot be compared. There were no details missed in this room or the hotel.They also arranged for us to have VIP passes to the 7th floor private members club where we enjoyed a spectacular selection of foods throughout the day and service that could not be challenged. The Suite was one we will never ever ever forget. The mirrors in the bathrooms were even heated so they wouldn't fog up if you were to enjoy the rain shower or the oversized bathtub. The daily paper being delivered in its own little satchel was as nice a touch as obtaining the daily weather reports and other fresh extras every day. The amenities were more then even I could have dreamed of giving my dream girl. The Bose stereo system and the B&amp;O flat screen TV's were a great closing touch to a superior quality room. The view from our suite on the 7th floor was breathtaking of the park, Big Ben and the London Eye. The fresh slippers each day and oversized robes cannot easily be forgotten nor could the high quality toiletries that were automatically replenished each day.We would have stayed for weeks if we could!When we travel we always try to stay in the finest of locations within our budget and we strive to always get the best of service that we can but this was and might never be matched again. Alixandra arranged for everything perfectly and she left no small detail unturned. The staff throughout the Hotel cannot be compared to any other location that we have ever attended. The maids, doormen, servers, front desk were all so friendly and you couldn’t stop thanking them enough, This was a life changing holiday extended weekend full of love and romance and this was more then any couple could ever expect or even deserve. I want to thank Alixandra, the Hotel and all of their terrific staff for making this a weekend one that we will hold to our hearts for the rest of our lives together. We were stretched to go their financially with flights and all but it was worth every pence and they will see us back again. (That is a promise!!!)Thanks to all involved for making this the most spectacular weekend of both of our lives!!!!We truly appreciated every little detail... Stephen and Gordana	
Oct 17 2008 	Great Hotel but Expected More!	I should start by saying I feel a little bad about writing this review but think it is worth mentioning so that people have an honest understanding and expectation.I'll start by saying the Intercontinental set of hotels are simply great. I have been staying with them and am an Ambassador level guest so I clearly put my money where my review is.The London Intercon is in a fun area of the city and offers a great morning walk to the office or city for work. If you're heading to Big Ben area you can walk right down the main causeway and past the Palace which kicks the day off in a wonderful way. It also is positioned well for a great walk after a long day and a few pints with you &quot;mates&quot;.The hotel physically is well appointed and the staff very friendly. On my stay there were complimentary tickets to the Royal Galleries (although I did not have time to use them).So, all the basics are covered and covered well.My disappointment was with the room choice. I guess I was expecting that being Platinum and Amabassador with the Intercon for so many years I would not be put in a small room on a lower floor without access to the standard business lounge. It is probably an oversight by the booking or front desk people but it's one that is costly. For those staying 50+ nights a year with a hotel chain you expect / grow accustomed to the hotel being your home away from home. This is the major failure of this transaction.My second point of contention, which I will admit is minor but none the less annoying, is the flat rate at which points are accrued for staying at the Intercon. For some reason it has been determined that regardless of how much (and it is a lot) you spend on a stay (for a day or in my case 5 days) you simply get 2000 points. To put that in perspective - you need 25k to stay at a basic Holiday Inn property. So, my gripe is that in exchange for $2200+ for a few nights I got a bill slipped under my door. The other HI properties would have graciously deposited 22,000 points and then bonused it up another 11,000. This would have allowed a frequent traveler like me to either extend a vacation another day, have the in-laws stay comfortably &quot;over there&quot;, etc.So, If you're not a point person or a frequent stayer - go here and enjoy. If you're a marketing person from Intercontinental surfing the web trying to figure out &quot;the voice of the customer&quot; read this review again and then match the dates and story with the emails I sent to the Customer Service team. You'll be able to find me and call me. For the record: &quot;yes, it is all about the points&quot;!	
Oct 9 2008 	Attentive and Lush but is the Location really that great?	I've just had a stay where I found the washroom to be the most luxurious. Who thought there could be so many ways water can come out for a shower at the same time. The rooms were properly made however it seemed like they try to predict the time when you would be out of the room - sometimes they are wrong. The first day I was there, my room was not made when I arrived back at 5 to freshen up for dinner. After I put the &quot;please make room&quot; sign on my door knob my room was made everyday between 2-3pm and someone actually checked up if I was satisfied with my room. My room was made again around 8pm for the &quot;night time&quot; mode. As for location, it is not actually that convenient. Picadilly Circus is a 30 minute walk and the closest convenient store about 15 minutes. Essentially most tourist sites requires a change on the tube so that was a bit annoying as well. I did ask some locals and it seems everything requires a connection. Lastly, maybe because this is a 5 star hotel and they wish to wait on you hand and foot but I'm someone who doesn't like to wait and if I need to dial room service for 3 cubes of ice for a drink, I'm a bit put off.	
Sep 29 2008 	A Very Pleasant Stay	My wife and I stayed at the Interconti for one Saturday night using Priority Club points. From the outside the building is an uninspiring concrete block, but the Hyde Park Corner location has to be one of the best in London especially for enjoying the wonderful parks just over the road.The lobby is not as opulent or dramatic as some 5 star hotels, but has an elegant, understated air which we liked. Check in was friendly and efficient. We arrived at about 1030 not expecting our room to be ready, but simply to deposit our luggage, however, it was indeed ready which was an added bonus.The standard room was small by 5 star standards, but adequate, and beautifully furnished in luxury fabrics and dark wood furniture. The bed was big and very comfortable. Bathroom, again on the small side but nicely fitted out with a lovely over bath shower.We had a very nice afternoon tea in the lobby lounge with more cake than we could eat. A post-theatre dinner in the Theo Randall restaurant within the hotel was delicious and the service was exemplary. We did not eat breakfast at the hotel; as the weather was beautiful we took a Sunday morning stroll through Hyde Park and enjoyed breakfast overlooking the Serpentine lake, perfect!All in all a perfectly memorable short stay in London.	
Sep 29 2008 	Enjoyable Stay	We stayed 2 nights recently and had an enjoyable stay. We were in a standard room which was nicely presented with superior furnishings and quality 'Bose' and Bang &amp; Olufsen' electronics in the room. The standard room we had wasn't huge but the bed was comfy and the bathroom was of a good standard. The hotel is in a great location with easy access by tube (Hyde Park Corner), taxi (£10 from Euston Station) or walking (15 minutes to Piccadilly) and the services within the hotel - Room Service, Gym, Restaurant, Bar etc are all excellent. We'd recommend staying there and would stay there again on our next trip to London.	
Sep 29 2008 	Great hotel with great staff	Stayed at this hotel for a weekend while visiting London. It really was a great experience. Sometimes I find the big hotel chains are a little soulless and impersonal but at the Intercontinental Park Lane this couldnt be further from the case.Staff are sincerely friendly and always willing to help, in reception, concierge and restaurant.The public areas of the hotel are very clean and relaxed and the room we had was large, clean and modern.I would not hesitate to stay here again. Well done Intercontinental!	
Sep 27 2008 	Seamless	A few days in London to sight see on our way home from a trip to Italy. The Intercontinental was the perfect hotel experience. I'm always searching for hotels with updated exercise facilities. The gym at this hotel has everything you need for a good workout and the location is ideal, situated in between Hyde and Green Park. Some of the rooms are small, however we requested an outside room, which was a bit larger. We loved the decor, the bathrooms were clean with a rain shower head. The conceirge was friendly and always full of great suggestions. The restaurant staff were fun and eager to please. This hotel is great for business travelers and couples looking for quiet rooms with great service. I was overwhelmed by how friendly the staff was. There is an upbeat, yet mellow mood throughout the hotel.	
Sep 26 2008 	Suite dreams	Two stays at this property in the last couple of months, and we loved it. Wonderful airy club lounge with a great view south over London through high windows. The lounge serves a great breakfast - hot options as well as cold, and various tidbits through the day. Complimentary champagne at 6pm.Really comfortable beds in the suites, cushions galore, and the bathrooms are very nice too. The staff were great. Walk straight out of the hotel for a stroll in Hyde Park or off shopping in Knightsbridge.	
Sep 24 2008	Great place to stay	I really enjoyed the InterContinental, superb room and a very comfy bed after a long day walking around London! Very close to Hyde Park Corner underground station and an easy walk up the street to Langhams and along Piccadilly.	
Sep 10 2008 	Loved the place	Booked on Hotwire for 5 nights at $215 per night. The hotel is beautiful, the service excellent, the rooms luxurious and the location is in the middle of everything. Don't expect much of a view for the Hotwire price and, if you are on a budget, try not to buy anything in the hotel (e.g. a cup of coffee was about $9 when we were there)	
Sep 10 2008 	Small and comfortable.	My husband and I stayed in a Classic Room for the weekend. We paid £200 inc VAT for both nights. We did enjoy our stay, the room was comfortable but decorated in a woolly, traditional style (but with no charm!) The room was well equipped though, and we had Bang &amp; Olufsen TV and DVD player. The only bad points are the room size is small (18 feet) and there is a shower curtain - which I have never experienced in a good hotel - you can't really enjoy your shower as the shower area is so small and the slimy curtain gets in the way. Everything else about the room was great, location was perfect, we walked to Oxford St, Edgware Road, Mayfair etc the staff were great. Would visit again but would not pay anymore. If I wanted to pay more, I would opt for a more fashionable room in the The Waldorf, Aldwych.	
Sep 1 2008 	5* Excellence and Great Location	My daughter and I enjoyed 4 nights in a standard room at the Intercon Park Lane. Service was excellent throughout the stay. There was some trouble on check in 'finding' our room - the hotel was so full, but we were treated to drinks in the bar while an appropriate room was found. Other examples of great service - we were waiting at the concierge desk to enquire about theatre tickets while another guest was being served. After no more than one minute, someone from the check in desk came over to assist us. Another time, I sat in the lobby and waited while my daughter ran up to the room for a forgotten item. An employee came over shortly after I was seated to enquire if there was anything I wanted. All employees offered attentive, friendly service.The room had a view of Hyde Park, had very high quality linens, ample towels and amenities, and one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. Absolutely no noise from the street unless, of course, we chose to open the window. The room had plenty of space for all our bags. Comfortable chairs for relaxing and watching TV after a long day of sightseeing and shopping were appreciated. We ate breakfast each morning in the restaurant at the hotel. I had the 'continental' buffet. Pricey, but very good selection of breads, rolls, muffins, fruits, juices and cereals (they were happy to prepare hot cereal on request), good coffee (essential in my mind). My daughter ordered a la carte. We had the same selection each morning - creatures of habit - so when I checked out, I noticed and pointed out that one day they didn't charge enough and another they charged extra. WIth an apology, they removed the entire charge for the breakfast that was overcharged and didn't up the amount for the undercharged breakfast. This impressed me and was a nice touch for an apology - definitely going the extra mile to correct.The location is no more than 2 minutes from the Hyde Park Corner tube station on the Picadilly line. We took the tube everywhere, day and evening, and this stop is handy for getting to most tourist sites. We enjoyed being right next to Hyde Park and walked through the park on several occasions.I will definitely stay at this hotel again, well worth the price.	
Aug 24 2008 	Fantastic rooms not bad location	Rooms were amazing, bed super comfortable and bathrooms very clean and modern. Hotel itself was clean and modern and friendly service. Of course with any high-class hotel, the food and drink were off the charts so we ate elsewhere.5 minute walk from Hyde Park Corner tube station, up and down stairs so can be a bit tiring if you have large luggage.Nobu restaurant (one of London's best reviewed Japanese restaurants) is right across the street.For shopping, we took the Tube a couple stops away to Piccadilly and Oxford. Knightsbridge is only one stop away.If we have the budget, we'd love to come back here again.	
Aug 5 2008 	Memorable experience for all the right reasons!!!	My partner booked us 1 night in the intercontinental for a very memorable stay in London where we got engaged. The hotel were very accomodating and spent much time having phone conversations with my boyfriend arranging a plan where we would be moved to a bigger and better room which they had decorated especially for the big event. They had even gone to the trouble of sourcing my favourite drink to make available in the room.The room was more than amazing with a stunning view of the London eye and Big Ben. It was truely an amazing night and made all the more special by their efforts. The staff were very polite and friendly and I was made to feel very special the next morning as they were asking to look at my ring and wrapped up my roses.I can't thank them enough for working with my new fiance and supporting him in making me feel like a princess	
Jul 1 2008 	A big improvement of the Intercontinental hotels that London used to have	The Intercontinental London Park Lane is conveniently located across the road from Hyde Park Corner Underground Station on the Piccadilly line.The entrance foyer is rather cramped and the two door men were too busy talking to each other than helping us with our luggage or opening the door.As you enter the main lobby you have to immediately go down a small number of steps to reach the main reception.The main lobby is pleasant enough but not particularly grand like a number of other five star hotels. Although it has only just been refurbished, the design gives the impression of a luxury hotel from the late 70’s, very nice quality but rather dark and small. Please don’t let this initial part of the hotel put you off, after all it is only an entrance and without knocking half of the building down and starting again it would be very hard to make any major change here. The Priority Club check-in desk is to the left of the reception desks.The reception is immediately in front of you as you enter, to your right is the Theo Randlle Italian Restaurant which has received excellent reviews but we didn’t use on this occasion. To your left is the concierge and guest relations desks and in the far left is the main bar and another brassiere style restaurant.We approached reception and were immediately welcomed by a member of staff. Prior to our arrival at the hotel we were emailed a questionnaire asking all about our trip, any extras that we may require, magazines, butler, flowers, restaurant reservations etc. This I thought was very good.The member of staff informed us that we had been upgraded from the 1 Bedroom Suite that we had booked to a 1 Bedroom Luxury Suite. We were given our key cards, a quick explanation that we could use the Club Intercontinental Lounge on the 7th floor and shown to the lifts. We weren’t accompanied to our suite and no assistance was given with luggage however we did only have two small overnight bags so it wasn’t really needed.We arrived at our suite (room 410) on the 4th floor, the electronic key card to open the door worked first time (quite a challenge for some hotels I assure you!).On entering the suite there is a small hallway with a guest bathroom (toilet and vanity washbasin together with a large bottle of Elemis Hand wash and Elemis Moisturiser), small round table with a box of tissues.Opposite the guest bathroom is a full length mirror and an area for baggage, etc.Further into the suite is a dining table for four persons, on the table was a welcome card from the hotel manager, a box of Duchy of Cornwall biscuits, a small bowl of fruit and a 750ml bottle of English still water.Next to the dining table was a desk with the normal internet connections, multi line phone etc; in the drawer was a WIFI repeater to ensure a good internet connection.The dining area leads onto the main part of the living room consisting of a nice comfy sofa, two arm chairs and a floor lamp together with a coffee table and two side tables. These are positioned around a very nice wood panelled wall unit with a built in 32” Bang &amp; Olufsen LCD TV, a separate Bose Wave Sound System and Bang &amp; Olufsen DVD Player.The TV has various languages; English, Czech, Danish, German, Russian, Estonian, Spanish, French, Greek, Italian, Dutch, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Finish, Swedish and Turkish.The TV has the following channels: BBC1, BBC2, ITV1, Channel 4, Channel 5, Sky News, CNN, BBC News Channel, BBC World, Bloomberg, CNBC, Al Jazeera International (English language), Sky Sports 1, Sky Sports 2, Sky Sports 3, Sky Sports News, Eurosport, Al Jazeera Sports 1 (Arabic), Al Jazeera Sports 2 (Arabic), Dubai Sports (Arabic), Quatar TV (Arabic), Saudi 1 (Arabic), Saudi 2 (Arabic), Dubai TV (Arabic), Abu Dhabi TV (Arabic), Al Arabiya (Arabic), Al Jazeera (Arabic), MBC, MBC 2, TV 5 (French), Das Erste, ARD (German), LBC (Arabic), Rotana Musica (Arabic), CBBC, C Beebies, Rai Uno (Italian), TVE International (Spanish), RTP International (Portuguese), ERT Sat (Greek), RTR Planeta (Russian), TRT International (Turkish), JSTV (Japanese), CCTV 9 (Chinese), PCNE (Japanese).Internet can also be accessed through the TV using the wireless keyboard at a charge of £27 for a 24 period for unlimited use of Movies on demand, Music on demand (separate to the Bose Wave sound system which is free) and internet through the TV.The coffee table in front of the sofa had the selection of magazines we had requested on the pre stay questionnaire plus a couple of extra ones, all current issues.The view from the living room window was amazing; we looked directly down onto Wellington Arch, The New Zealand War Memorial and Hyde Park Corner.The living room has a nice thick double door (walnut wood) leading through to the bedroom.The bedroom has a large King Sized bed, attractively decorated with many large pillows. The sheets were of excellent quality, the bed had down comforters and were very comfortable.The bedroom also had its own Bang &amp; Olufsen LCD TV again built into a wooded wall unit. There was a large mirror hidden behind a little door in the wall unit and this could also be utilised as a dressing table.Next to the bed was a second Bose Wave Sound System which also acted as the bedside alarm clock and radio.The bedroom lighting was very good, two bedside lamps, over head reading lights and even a little night light next to the bathroom door built into the floor (can be turned off). The bedroom had the same view as the living room.There was also a good sized wardrobe, build in drawers, ironing board, a proper hairdryer, laptop safe, valet box with shoe shine bag (leave outside for complimentary shoe shine), laundry bag and shoe horn.There was another small area for luggage to be left.The bedroom leads onto the bathroom area. The bathroom had a large bath with a good ergonomic design which supported you whilst bathing, the bath had a build in handheld shower head should you wish to wash your hair whilst in the bath. There was a double vanity unit, a separate shower cubicle with rain head shower, a toilet and bidet.There were copious amounts of Elemis Toiletries, body wash, shampoo, conditioner, body lotion and soap. These were all in 100ml bottles and we had 3 of each type.There was a good amount of towels, large bath sheets, floor mats and two large robes.Once we had unpacked we headed up to the Club Lounge on the 7th Floor.Club Lounge access is free for all guests residing in a suite. For non suite guests there is an additional charge which is listed on their website.The lounge has its own reception desk leading into a hallway with male and female toilets (again Elemis Toiletries) and a separate shower room for those arriving early when the room isn’t ready.As you turn left you enter the main part of the Club Lounge, the ceiling rises and you are greeted with an excellent view of Wellington Arch and Hyde Park Corner from the large floor to ceiling windows that run the entire length of the room.There are different seating areas including sofas, more formal dining tables and individual stools against a runner like in a coffee shop.The Lounge has three computers (two windows laptops and one apple notebook) with complimentary internet access.There are two large plasma screen TV’s with sofas facing them at opposite ends of the lounge, these were showing Sky News on our arrival but they could be changed if you ask the staff.At the far end of the lounge is a library area with a good selection of magazines and travel books together with national and international newspapers.In the centre of the lounge is a raised area with the complimentary buffet.Coffee and Tea (loose leaf and many varieties) are available all day either by self service or by asking a member of staff. There are also fridges with very nice fresh fruit juice, water and other soft drinks. You could ask for other drinks from the staff.A selection of nibbles, crisps, nuts and rice crackers were always available.There was also a selection of small cakes and biscuits available next to the coffee.A lunch a selection of sandwiches with various different fillings are put out and regularly replenished together with a good selection of cakes.At 1500hrs afternoon tea is served with a help yourself selection of sandwiches, cakes, tea cakes, scones, James and cream. Tea and coffee can be made by a member of staff if asked. All were very nice and you could help yourself to Complimentary champagne.At 1800hrs an evening selection of nibbles, olives, crisps together with a full bar (help yourself again!) and hot canapés such as tempura prawns, chicken satay and even club sandwiches were served, together with a selection of cheeses with biscuits and cakes. There was enough to fill you up if you weren’t particularly hungry.After afternoon tea we went back to our suite to find a member of staff had delivered two glasses of ice cold champagne, a bowel of fresh strawberries and a lovely chocolate birthday cake for my partner. There was another bowel of fruit and more water together with a small birthday card from the hotel staff.We only had one very small problem with the room and that was the overnight pack supplied in the bathroom with razor and toothbrush inside had been opened by the previous guest and then placed back on the shelf. Personally I blame the previous occupant for putting it back on the shelf and not disposing of it. We mentioned it to the Club Lounge host and asked dif we could have a new one. When we returned that evening not only was the overnight kit replaced but there was a written apology from the Housekeeping Manager and a box and very nice chocolate truffles. We didn’t expect this at all and it was a very nice gesture. I just hope the member of staff didn’t get into trouble.We had an excellent night’s sleep, no noise at all despite being at Hyde Park Corner.Breakfast the next morning was served in the Club Lounge. A nice selection of fresh fruit and fresh pastries was served together with the normal continental selection of meats and a good cheese selection.You could also order hot food with the lounge host, my partner tells me the poached eggs were the best he has ever had served with bacon and tomatoes and a round of toast.There are no breakfast menus around, so ask for any cooked selection.The lounge staff were very friendly and helpful, we were allowed a late checkout at 4pm and we were then offered the use of the Club Lounge for as long as we needed as our train was departing late.Overall an excellent hotel, good position, good service and good value for money compared to other London hotels. It is a big improvement of the Intercontinental hotels that London used to have.	
May 30 2008 	Great Hotel and Location but silly phone charges	One of the better 5 stars we have stayed in . Got to London at least once a year and will use this Hotel again. The phone line charges for a local call at really high and defeat the purpose of prepaid cards (ie 1.5 pounds plus .5 pounds a minute up to 5 pounds)	
May 17 2008 	Customer service disaster	We were attending an event and had booked to stay an additional night. Our booking was lost. Room was not cleaned the next day so at 18:00 they asked us to go away while they cleaned it.Paid on departure, they lost the payment.Contacted my husbands company looking for payment, saying he had not paid.7 phone calls and 23 emails later I would have to confirm that the customer service is dreadful.	
May 17 2008	Afternoon Tea	As part of my sister's birthday celebrations, my mother, sister and myself spent a day shopping in London and were booked in for afternoon tea at the Park Lane Hotel.At first, we went to the wrong hotel so be careful not to walk past the front door as we did! When we first walked in, the decor and atmosphere were lovely and tranquil but there didn't appear to be a specific reception desk so there was some initial confusion because the gentleman/doorman who greeted us didn't seem to know what we were talking about. Nevertheless, we got over this initial hiccup and we shown to the Palm Court, which is just a wonderful example of Art Deco with a fantastic high, arched glass ceiling and other features.We were shown to our seats, right next to the harpest, and sank into huge, soft sofas amid dimmed lights and an airy atmosphere. The service was impeccable; attentive without hassling us, friendly without being overbearing and we felt like queens. We opted for the Art Deco Afternoon Tea, which included a glass of champagne. The whole experience of afternoon tea here was wonderful with a list of different teas as long as your arm, dainty finger sandwiches, a variety of scones and preserves and patisserie that are almost too pretty to eat.At approximately £45 per head, you might think that it's not worth it for afternoon tea but we were given second helpings of sandwiches and stayed for about fours hours! They must have been glad to get rid of us but they certainly didn't show it! The perfect way to recharge after a successful shopping trip.	
May 16 2008 	True 5 star luxury at the Intercon	We stayed at the Intercon a few weekends ago &amp; remembered what the old tired 1980's building used to be like, but after a multi million pound investment, this property has come back into the truly 5 star market. The lobby is small by international standards &amp; the bar area is slightly souless, but the rooms are refurbished &amp; offer great views over Hyde Park, make sure you ask for a front room as there is an internal well, which you may have a view into if you are unlucky. The size of the rooms are small by new Hotel standards but are beautifully refurbished with all the usual 5* luxuries that you would expect, again the bathrooms are small but the clever use of mirrors give the illusion of space. If you can afford to upgrade do, because then you get the use of the Club Lounge on the 7/8th floor. Free Breakfast/drinks/afternoon tea &amp; evening canapes are on offer. It is actually well worth the extra money for the exclusivity &amp; you are truly away from the peasants!	
May 12 2008 	Wonderful Wet Weekend in London!	I booked the Interconty Park Lane for my boyfriend and myself to spend the weekend for his bday. It was an added encouragement that at the time I worked for the company so got a hefty discount - which I know I was really lucky to get - but even so, I think I would have paid full price for how great it was!Location: right on Hyde Park corner. Overlooking both parks. On the road that leads to Piccadilly Circus, but due to the triple strength windows, you couldn’t even hear a car horn. Great for getting to the West End and for the shops or Kensington. With my BF being a Geordie, he had never been to London, so this hotel was great for showing him all sides of it.Hotel: Was very luxurious in the foyer area and the doormen, everyday, were so polite and was rushing to help you whether you were dripping in Armani or not. They offered us umbrellas in the Awful (!) weather that we experienced there too. I think we were upgraded on check in but if we was we wasn’t told, it is only my assumption. The room was spotless! Absolutely perfect. Massive TV and HUGE bed! Bathroom was amazingly clean with a bath and power shower. Some nice touches in the room that you don’t get everywhere, bathrobes, toiletries, tissues. There was also a really comfy lazy chair and desk Housekeeping was very polite. All the staff seemed smiley and friends - if any department was the least friendly, it was reception! This was a surprise!On my boyfriend’s actual birthday, we returned to our room to find a chocolate cake with a happy birthday message on there, especially from the hotel.Concierge looked after us really well. Any question- they had the answer - very professional. They even organised us on the guest list for a club, and next morning when they saw us, asked how it was! Was really lovely they remembered us!Price for alcohol and mini bar was sky high, but then it is 5*, it is London, but even in my estimation, £20.00 for two shots of Vodka and 1 can of coke is steep!Out of it all, the only thing I disliked was most the other guests staying there. For instance, we left on the day that there was a huge parade for St Patricks Day and one guy, who thought just cause he was wearing shorts and sunglasses (in the awful pouring rain might I add!), could shout to high heaven at all the staff he could see that it was going to take him an hour longer to get to the airport for his flight due to the parade, and that they should have made more effort to make him aware! If you can stomach people like that, who look at anybody in last season’s fashion with their noses turned up, then please go to the Interconty.My boyfriend and I had the most wonderful weekend, despite the rain, and it was made even more special by the way we were treated and looked after by the fabulous staff there. We would like to return and eat at Theo Randall’s one day!All in all 5* Staff in a 5* Hotel, what everyone wants for their money!	
May 1 2008	Superb 5*	I stayed here for just one night with my son (17) in a twin room - I'm not actually sure what standard room it was as I used Priority Card points to 'pay' for it - but it was excellent! Superb quality linen, towels, gowns and slippers. High quality toiletries, plenty of tea / coffee and a Bang &amp; Olufsen TV and a Bose wave system (can't be bad!). The bathroom (especially the huge shower head) was superb. I had booked a twin (obviously with my son in tow!) and we had a Queen but this was soon zipped apart and the beds re-made while we were out later that evening. The breakfast was absolutely superb - the best quality fresh fruits, yogurts and pastries and my son enjoyed the omelettes and hot buffet. the location is excellent with 2 tube stations close by (1 is a two minute walk via the underpass and the other a 10 minute walk). Hard Rock Cafe is literally on the door step, but we ate dinner at Automat on Dover Street in the evening (10 minutes walk away) and at Richoux for lunch (15 minutes away). Faultless - I would certainly stay here again! All my 'picky' needs were catered for!	
Apr 27 2008 	Great location Great service!	My wife and I stayed in room 476 for 5 days in April for a Pampered Chef rewards stay. I must say, the room and service was fantastic. A large king with a shower my wife described as a &quot;religious experience&quot;. The hot water was endless. Others in our group had less luck with the hot water but no problems for us. The TV was a large flat panel with no front inputs. The room was tastefully decorated and included extra outlets (including a 110v) surrounding the desk. Inernet access is wired and pay per use. There is a wireless connection but too weak to use from our room.We did not use the gym facilities but it looked more than adequate. We were served breakfast each morning. The food was standard hotel fare but above average. We had drinks in the lounge one afternoon and the prices were in-line with hotels of this quality.One of the best parts of the hotel is the staff and service. There was never a time where I saw staff without a friendly smile or a time where they would not go out of their way to help anyone at any time. It often seemed as if there were staff assigned just to us! The location is nice for a rather short walk and easy access to the Hyde Park underground. A good, solid hotel and a great choice for a relaxing stay.	
Apr 3 2008	very good hotel	The hotel's location is unrivalled. You can walk through parks to Knightsbridge, to Buckingham Palace, everything else is also in walking distance. If you opt for the tube or a bus, it's just around the corner. Can't be more convenient. The hotel is brand-new inside. Modern chic, fashionable. They cannot do anything about room sizes, of course. The building is from the 70s. So are the room sizes. But they are okay, just average. Breakfast is also good standard, but lacks what I expect from a 5* hotel-but, well, this is Britain, this is London. There is no sparkling wine, the what they probably call a European roll is downright inedible. But there is a choice of breads and there is an impressive choice of really fresh fruit. Compared with other hotels in London of a comparable standard, I definitely recommend the IC. The cost-effectiveness is - again! for London or the UK- really good.	
Apr 2 2008 	A super 5 star hotel that gives a great London experience	The Intercontinental London Park Lane Hotel is a super efficient, luxurious hotel with beautiful rooms and bathrooms and provides every comfort for a five star London experience. The executive rooms are beautiful and the added use of the executive lounge is very enjoyable in terms of a lovely lounge on the seventh floor that gives a great view of Marble Arch and Hyde Park. In fact the Intercontinental Park Lane is in a very advantageous position for visiting London - Hyde Park is on the doorstep for walking and it is right next to the main shopping areas of Oxford Street and Bond Street plus near enough to walk to Knightsbridge and museums and Piccadilly and theatres. Behind the hotel is an area rich in cafes and small winding streets and shops. The staff are super friendly and very kind. We thoroughly recommend this hotel for business or pleasure. Breakfast is very good too.	
Mar 30 2008 	Everything we expected from a five Star Hotel	A five star experience from arrival to checkout. The well sized room was finished in a contemporary style,with a flat screen hd TV. The beds and bedding were excellent. The room was very well maintained. The gym was clean and while relatively small equipped with free weights, univeral gym type equpment, stationary biles, exercise balls etc. We upgraded for $120 to have the use of the 7th floor Longe which came with a great view of Hyde Park. The lounge provides a full service breakfast and hot/cold snacks . The happy hour is complimentary.Tthey also have three computers set up for guest use in the lounge. On the downside drinks and long distance calls are expensive and we could hear traffic noise some of the time.We also stayed in the Marriott Park Lane and while it was very nice the Intercontinental was our first choice.	
Mar 25 2008	Fabulous Hotel and Windsor Tour	A single woman on vacation I stayed at the Intercontinental Park Lane in London. Perfect Stay. I had everything but a butler.The concerige set me up with a guided tour with Evans and Evans for Windsor , Stone Henge and Oxford. Loved loved loved it!	
Mar 24 2008 	Outstanding service	Excellent holel stay during a recent trip to London for my wife's birthday. I could not fault this hotel for the service, rooms, or food (we ate in the hotel resturant, Theo's - exceptional Italian style). I have stayed in London many times for business and pleasure. After our experience I doubt I will stay anywhere else.	
Mar 24 2008 	Very Relaxing	A great hotel situated right by Hyde Park. I was a bit worried it might be noisy in the rooms due it’s location next to a busy roundabout, but decent double glazing kept any disruption out – I didn’t hear a whisper. The buffet Breakfast was fantastic – all sorts of great food, with freshly made fruit smoothies, freshly cooked eggs, pastries and more. You can have breakfast in your room for the same cost, but I think you’d be missing out.It’s recently been renovated, so the rooms are top notch – big fluffy duvet, very comfy bed and nice B+O flat screen TV. The shower had a wonderful rain shower which was great too. If I was to have one negative it would have to be the size of the rooms – I had a Superior Room, which is one step up from the smallest room and it was a bit on the small side, especially the bathroom. However, London is blessed with much smaller rooms than this and it’s not as if they can make them any bigger! If you want a larger room you’re going to need to pay for it. Staff were reasonably efficient – front desk and porters were welcoming and friendly, a little bit slow to offer coffee at breakfast, but otherwise good. Location is fine too – close to the tube, Buckingham Palace and the Parks. In summary, a very relaxing and nice hotel – I wish I could stay there more often.	
Mar 16 2008 	Sophisticated but Expensive	My wife and I wanted a weekend break, so I booked the room on my Priority Club points. I was welcomed with big hotel style (cold but efficient) and was told I had been up graded to a superior room, the room was good albeit a bit small, but plush.I did not spend a lot of time in the room; however, the range of TV channels was extensive.I did not use the restaurant, but I did have a drink in the bar, however, the cost was off the scale expensive, would I go back – yes, great hotel from the visit I had.	
Feb 4 2008 	A Perfect Balance	The recent refurbishment of this property means that it is one of the best 5-star products in London; with stylish and contemporary public areas, comfortable and well-equipped guest rooms, and staff who not only provide exceptional service but create a great atmosphere which is friendly, welcoming, relaxed and professional. The attention to detail is especially noticeable, and carries through to all areas. The food and beverage operation is excellent, and breakfast in The Cookbook Cafe is especially efficient. Highly recommended.	
Jan 17 2008	Worst Customer Service ever	I had a corporate trip booked by AMEX. The desk staff lost my reservation, then put me in another room, promised 3 times to correct the mishap, and then billed me personally. After a lengthy process, the hotel continued to demand that I pay personally.The service after stay was just as poor as the service during the stay. The desk staff was truly ignorant.The blood stains on my carpet did not thrill me either.Intercontinental's luxury status is so scattered.My condolences to future guests.	
Jan 15 2008 	Excellent hotel!	We stayed at the InterContinental Park Lane for one night with my husband and our 2 young children. The staff were friendly and welcoming, the children were given books and toys, concierge were very helpful and knowledgeble, overall, an excellent hotel.	
Jan 8 2008 	Good location but...	We spend our 1st Year holidays at the hotel. It was our second time there and the bad was that we find the first time better.Good location, but something is missing to be a 5 star hotel....	
Jan 7 2008 	Horrible Service!	My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our first stay at the hotel a couple of months ago and decided to stay there again this time around. The bad stuff:-Doormen stood and watched me carry my own luggage. No offer to help at all. No 'Good Morning' or 'Welcome to Intercontinental'.-When we were going out in the evening, there were no doormen at all and no taxis although we waited 15mins. We had to walk up the road to catch a taxi.-We had a drink at the bar with a couple of friends and no one served us for 20mins and by the time our drinks came, we were told that the bar was closed. Didn't tip the waitress for her lousy service and didn't receive my change! She conveniently pocketed it.-No bedroom slippers and it was a deluxe room. -Ordered breakfast to the room (too late to have breakfast downstairs) and the toast was BLACK. On both sides. Not brown, all black. Granola tasted like styrofoam and the rest of the food was just mediocre.I emailed the hotel management twice with my complains and still have yet to hear from them. It's been three weeks since!Don't think I will be staying here anytime soon. Not worth the money!	
Jan 6 2008 	Fab Intercontinental	I have recently returned from a two night weekend stay at the Intercontinental Hotel in London, Park Lane. The hotel is very easy to find and is a short walk from Hyde Park Corner tube station.I had booked a Royal Park Executive room and at check-in I was upgraded to a Studio Suite which was a great touch as I am a platinum elite and Intercontinental Ambassador member of priority club.The studio suite was excellent and had two twin beds, Marble entrance hall, and large seating area with views across the London parks, Bose Sound System and B and O flat screen television. The bathroom was just beautiful with large tub and separate rain shower and of course, Elemis amenities. I also had a lovely letter from the Hotel Manager welcoming me to the hotel, together with welcome treatment consisting of water, fruit basket and a birthday cake as I was celebrating my 30th birthday. I also had access to the IC club lounge for a daily charge of £80 which was well worth the cost. The lounge offers complimentary internet access with three public computers for the sole use of club guests. Refreshments and snacks are available throughout the day. Mid afternoon tea, sandwiches and scones are served and in the evening a small selection of canapés. A self service cocktail bar is available with unlimited champagne, spirits, wine and beer in the evening. The IC lounge has separate seating areas, dining area, magazines and newspapers and offers tremendous views across London.Breakfast was also provided in the lounge for Club guests. The breakfast was excellent including cold and warm choice and was served until 11am.I did encounter a couple of service problems during my stay. On one of the mornings my newspaper was not delivered. The same morning my friends cooked breakfast that he ordered was forgotten. On the second morning the breakfast buffet was cleared away whilst still eating and we were never asked if we would like anything else. The turndown service on both evenings was hit and miss. Shoes that had been handed to staff for cleaning were not returned the next morning. Our issues were resolved by a very effective management team.Overall I had a great stay at the Intercontinental London, Park lane and loved the Club level service.	
Jan 3 2008 	Hyde Park Heaven	My wife and two daughters stayed here for three days including the new year. The location overlooking Hyde Park is great and the rooms .... well they were five star. Our room overlooked the Duke of Wellington's House. The hotel is a five minute walk from the winter fair held in the Park itself. I cannot understand how the Chesterfield, which is good hotel, is number one in London and yet this hotel which is so much better is so far down Tripadvisor. The only disadvantage was that the mini bar was very overpriced and the food and beverage somewhat expensive even for a London five star. Would we stay again? Absolutely.	
Jan 2 2008 	excellent!	Myself and my fionsee stayed here for one night on NYE, although it was expensive, £203, then £245 inc tax, Id definately say this was a 5 star experience, upon arrival we were greeted by the Manager who was very chatty and helpful, the foyer was welcoming and check in was quick and simple, we were on the 6th floor,room 686, our room had a wonderful view, showing big ben and the london eye. (we should of stayed here to watch the fireworks as we were ushered behind a building and missed them completely - anyway thats another story :) ) all the mod cons, a plasma screen, volume in the bathroom, a powerful shower, the bed was soooooo comfortable and large, the room was silent, with lovely thickcurtainsI woke up and forgot where I was! We wandered down to breakfast in the morning which was a also a 5 star experiance, staff again couldnt do enough to help, offering to collect more orange juice even though its self service, the food was a fantastic quality and they even offer 2 different types of smoothys, yum! If a had to be pedantic, they forgot to bring our toast, but thats it! Great overall 5 star experiance, thank you Intercontinental!	
Dec 27 2007	Location good service not so good	Stayed here for one night in early December, while in London to see the Sound of Music and the Tutankhamun exhibition. The location near Hyde Park suited our travel plans, especially as it bucketed down with rain most of the time we were there, so the closeness to the tube was helpful.I'd booked online with Octopus Travel and became concerned at check-in (at around 5.30) as it was looking like they had no rooms. I mentioned we were going to see a show, and the receptionist said 'So you'll need somewhere to get changed then - I'll talk to our room allocator (not her words, but I can't remember the term she used!) to see if we can find you a room'.A room was eventually forthcoming, which was fine - clean, tidy and with all the amenities we expected, however we were near the lift lobby, and one of the lifts was squeaking, creaking and groaning all night when in use - when the hotel were advised of this on check-out, they simply said 'Thank you so much for letting us know' - not even an apology! Breakfast was included in our rate, and the food was very good, almost everything you could think of was available - but the service left much to be desired. We had to ask for tea, coffee and toast on several occasions, and no dishes were cleared from the table despite them piling up on one side, so much so that the waiter bringing milk (which hadn't been brought with the tea) struggled to find space for it, yet still ignored the pile of dishes!Overall a nice hotel, but the service needs improving....	
Dec 23 2007 	London Luxury	This hotel situated right by Hyde Park is a great place to stay (especially this time of year with Winter Wonderland in Hyde Park!!) The location is great and the hotel itself is well...what you would expect for a five star! Some may say rooms are small. I beg to differ, they were actually a great size, as this is London and space it at a prime. I was more than satisfied by the space.The Staff were not snooty as they are in most hotel of this calibre and they were ready to help with absolutely anything at all. The breakfast is AMAZING!!!!! Go for the Full shebang and get the full English which included continental. It gets delivered to your room on a table (pulls out to full size!!!) with Italian Linen and enough food to keep you going for a long While!!!!! And so prompt I ordered for 9 and at 9 they knocked on the door! Impressed!Bathroom was good with Elemis products, smallish but as I said...Its London. Lovely massive tub! I would recommend for business people as its not a cosy family hotel. Its a chic London , upmarket hotel	
Dec 11 2007 	Great stay would recommend	Overall I really enjoyed my stay at the Intercontinental. Its location is key, and the recent refurb was well done. We used Kayak and had a great rate for the area (but certainly not cheap), and I’d definitely stay there again.A pleasant surprise was Theo Randall’s restaurant downstairs. We hadn’t planned on dining there and were lucky to find a seat on a nearly fully booked Saturday night, but were very happy with our meal. The meal was pricey (160 quid… about $360 US), but it showed up a celebrity chef’s Knightsbridge restaurant. While this may have been a few menu choices, I was impressed overall.A negative to the hotel was the incredible price of room service and anything above an beyond our discounted room rate. While I know this is Mayfair, I had cheaper drinks at Nobu (9 drinks for 85 quid) on Berkeley Street than I did in our own room. We only ordered room service once because the prices were just too much to justify for the luxury of staying in.Pros: Location, Theo Randall’s, Service was impeccable.Negative: It’s Mayfair, but wow… $35 US for a small Pizza?	
Nov 26 2007 	great hotel	I arrived at the hotel at 10.30am , and my room was unavailable since the hotel was fully booked the night before. I was invited to use the club lounge until the room was ready . The new club lounge is decorated in a contempoary style in keeping with the new look of the hotel, and was most comfortable - I enjoyed a good breakfast - very nice range on view.My room was s park facing room decorated in English tradional style - large and comfortable. Nice bathroom with excellent Elemis toiletries which were replaced daily . I had booked a deluxe room which was upgraded to an executive room as I am a member of their ambassador club . The only downside was the shower in the bath instead of a separate shower.The hotel is very close to Hyde park underground station on the picadilly line , and is convenient for shopping in Mayfair,Knightsbridge and Oxford street .	
Nov 14 2007 	Good location and very stylish...	This hotel is very stylish and eveything looks brand spanking new following the recent renovation. It's a shame this hotel is in such a monstrosity of a building -- other ***** hotels definetely have a more romantic feell to them as you walk into the lobby.Quality of service was excellent.The hotel is located in a pretty good position with Picadilly, Mayfair and Oxford Street all within walking distance. It's just a shame about all the homeless people in the Hyde Park corner subway which you should probably avoid at night, if only for the smell (I suppose it helps you to keep it real as you're walking back to your luxury room).TIPS: 1) Instead of going to the bar in this hotel go to the top floor bar at the Park Lane hilton next door for what is one of the best views in London and very good cocktails too.2) Request a exterior room-- we were stuck with a room on the inside of the building and had non-existent views other than the activities of other guests!	
Oct 19 2007 	Location is the key!	We stayed at Intercontinental on our recent business trip to London. If I were to travel on my own account, this place would be way too high above my league, but I would recommend this place to anybody who is up for some luxurious experience, and the greatest location to get around London. Everything about this hotel is clean and modern. The staff are all &quot;well-trained&quot; for your assistance (although I cannot really say they had personal-touch in their friendliness). I loved our room - great bedding and the bathroom facility (two powerful shower heads, a big clean tub), fluffy towels, robes and pillows... however do make sure that you request for a room with a view. The building is U-shaped and all we get when we look out of the window was other faces doing the same on the opposite side of the building! It is worth some extra pounds for the access to the 7th floor lounge, where you can have some nibblies and drinks from breakfast to the after-dinner hours while appreciating the view of the Green Park.	
Oct 11 2007 	Fantastic refurbishment	We stayed here for the weekend from Oct 5th to the 7th for my birthday, along with a visit to the chefs table at Claridges.I was greeted warmly by the front desk staff most of whom wished me happy birthday - and due to ambassador status was upgraded to a studio suite.The rooms are on the small side, but the refurbishment has been a great success - the bathroom and especially the shower is fantastic, and the beds are simply HUGE! Flat screen TVs and bose stereo systems are a nice touch.Breakfast can't be faulted - one of the widest choices of foodstuffs I've seen in a hotel breakfast, and all of tip top quality.And the location is good, walking distance to Green Park, Mayfair and Hyde Park - with both Hyde Park and Green Park tube stations close by.We'd certainly stay here again.	
Oct 1 2007 	Great Hotel	On my most recent pass through London I booked a stay at the Intercontinental because I was bored with the place across the street. This property has just been renovated and surely nipping closely at it's more expensive neighbor. The Intercontinental is a great business or leisure hotel in a excellent location. The Guest Rooms are fairly traditional with my standards met or exceeded. I loved the Lobby and Lounge decor both in the day and also at night when we were fortunate enough to enjoy a DJ playing music for a private party. Food quality and presentation was excellent-our request for a off the menu Mezze platter was accomodated at an odd hour in the Lounge. We also enjoyed well too many creative fruit drinks one evening. The bar staff has got to be one of the most talented in London. Add in the Spa (and treatments), Gym, and amazing Room Service choices. A fantastic property and excellent value all around.	
Sep 26 2007 	Great stay	I booked the Intercontinental for a Saturday evening stay. I chose this hotel for various reasons; it’s been recently renovated and I was curious to see it, the reviews were good, I’m an Ambassador in their loyalty programme and it was very handy for where we were dining that evening. We arrived at the hotel around noon. The receptionist greeted me very warmly and was superb. She was Italian with a strong accent and I am Scottish; despite living in London for years I retain a strong Glasgow accent. This meant that our most effective form of communication was to smile and nod at each other which we did with great gusto and her radiant smile made me feel very welcome. Picking up on the accent she asked how my journey had been. When I told her it had not been difficult as I had only come from Clapham and hence it had taken around 20 minutes that also seemed to perplex;She was utterly charming, asked lots of questions I didn’t always understand and I replied with answers she didn’t so we bumbled along famously. She made a big play of being an Ambassador and told me as a result of this she had upgraded my room. Despite being there before check-in time, the room was ready and I was escorted to the lift. I could not fault the check in process. In actual fact, I could fault very little in the hotel. I was upgraded to a Junior Suite. It was not huge (I’m not convinced it was a Junior Suite) but no matter it was a lovely room looking directly over Hyde Park Corner, and despite that the sound proofing was excellent. The bed was immense and very comfortable. It felt and smelt brand new and was immaculately clean. The bathroom was a typical decent hotel bathroom in mirrors and granite, good quality toiletries though and an amazing shower. The fixed shower head (there was another one at the side) was the size of a dinner plate and the water cascaded out so no turning around or manoeuvring around to get all of me wet!There was a good choice for breakfast usual fare ranging from light and healthy smoothies and fruit to breakfast to the components of the full English variety all of a very decent quality. The breakfast room aka “The Cooks Café” was also very pleasant and contemporary.I was irked (no fault of the hotel) by the guest at the next table who entered the dining room like she was walking onto a yacht………. I would not say she had “presence” but knew how to create it. She was either a serial complainer or she owns the hotel; every staff member in the dining room talked to her at some point and every guest breakfasting there heard her. Intriguing and irritating.In summary I had a great stay at the Intercontinental and will definitely stay there again!	
Sep 25 2007 	Great Revamp Service lets this beautiful hotel down	We stayed in this hotel for two nights, just for a leisure weekend. The remodelling is great, the hotel was clean, beauitifully decorated and the rooms are not to bad for London. I stayed in a Studio Suite, it was only about the size of an average hotel room outside of London but it had a sofa!.The Service badly let this hotel down. The staff are not rude, but the service was not warm and the staff were simply 'functional'. I simply didn't get the feeling that anybody wanted to help. The Concierge was the worst I have ever expereince. On four occassions did we try to organise a cab - four time we ended up walking to the end of the street and hailing a cab.As much as the hotel was great on the eye and yes the beds are very comfortable, I really did feel a cog in a machine and not a guest.	
Sep 20 2007	Intercontinental - Good as Usual	Location Perfect. Walking distance to all areas. Clean comfortable rooms. Great service and dining. The only complaint is that they don't have a convienent store to buy certain necessities.	
Aug 24 2007 	Very Good Central London Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Interconti recently during an overnight stop in the Capital.I have to say I saw and experienced absolutely nothing that would prevent me from booking into this hotel again. Room (Inner Courtyard) was well equipped, quiet and comfortable. Bar facilities were good, service was prompt, accurate and curteous.Unfortunately didnt get to try out the restaurant or the Spa facilities, as time was against us.Overall though, thoroughly reccomended and I wouldnt hesitate to book it again.	
Aug 7 2007	Disappointing!	Taking the Piccadily Line from Terminal 1 to Hyde Park Corner in 33 minutes was impressive timing a feat which most likely will not happen again!Just a few minutes walk from the tube station one cannot argue about the excellent location of this hotel. Near Oxford Street, Knightsbridge, Hyde Park, Piccadily Circus and Mayfair.The entrance of the hotel is not very welcoming. The moment one passes through the door one encounters three steps to go down to the reception. Not very practical with all one's luggage.The lobby is quite small ( but one has to work with what one has ) and fairly plain.As our room was not ready yet we proceeded to the Cook Book café to have a spot of lunch. Lunch had buffet style options and We went for the market buffet which has all kinds of salad options and additions like, buffalo mozzarella, grilled aubergine.One can also opt for a hot dish which is prepared in the show kitchen. Desserts are also presented buffet style and the pecan pie pud was scrumptious.Service was excellent, very helpful and accommodating. Yes prices are London 5 * prices but hey that's how it goes. Receptionist showed up after 15 minutes with the key cards and after a two hour lunch we went to the second floor were we noticed right away building ( of new rooms ) going on.Having reserved an Executive room we were disappointed the moment we opened the door. It certainly was a broom closet. On top of that we are both Ambassadors so should have gotten a studio suite. Reception informed me that we were downgraded ( which was not mentioned at check in ) and I immediately asked for the Duty manager. The DM was the same person who had checked us in and apologized for her &quot;mistake&quot;( Just trying it on really. If I had not complained they had gotten away with it ) and promised to move us next day to one bed suite as now nothing availableOnce I got back my companion told me that a person ( not recognisable as IC staff ) had entered the room and had quickly retreated. Odd and not a very secure feeling. I contacted DM again and a Security Officer would do a key lock reading. We figured it had been a builder making a mistake of entering the wrong room.We also noticed the sound system was not accounted for in the room. I called DM again and she said an engineer would come over to install the Bose Wave clock radio/cd player. Oh dear it was one of those stays......Engineer was in and out of the room several times and meanwhile we also noticed a not so clean room: desk chair had still ( builders ) white dust on it, floor was covered in white threads, tiles covered in white residue, a piece of plastic still on the bathroom floor. Again DM time.. The assistant Executive Housekeeper showed up and he agreed with the state of the room. Admitting room had come online only a few hours ago.We were certainly fed up now and I conveyed to him it was time we got moved. Within 10 minutes the Front Office Manager called and said that a guest had 'unexpectedly&quot;checked out of a 1 bed suite so we could move.We didn't shed a tear when we left our Classic English chintzy broom closet with hardly any storage space. Reception said it was an Exec but I find it hard to believe.Suite 762 was much better obviously. Living room with couch,coffee table, dining table and chairs, desk and a flat screen tv.The bedroom was also equipped with flat screen and Bose Wave. The cupboard was in a awkward space and hanging space was very tight but enough drawers.Bathroom had a bath tub with quick filling water supply ( although this works much quicker at Amstel IC ) and a smallish walk in shower ( no comparison to German IC's )Balcony was facing the Four Seasons.The style of the room was a mish mash of contemporary and classic. Designer must have been on a bender the night before.To make amends we also received a nice bottle of Chablis and a hours treatment at the Spa.Breakfast was fine not as sumptuous as other IC's but pleasant.Staff once again was excellent and we were happy we had opted for an inclusive rate as buying brekkie separately is £ 29 per person.As this IC has a spa run by Elemis we severely missed a sauna, steam room and pool. They only have a work out room equipped with Techno Gym equipment. The Club Lounge ( a whopping £ 94 ) is not worth it. Ok they have 4 kinds of champagne but the food presentations are meagre. We encountered more smaller problems: requested newspapers not delivered, external calls not connected as we showed checked out in their system, printers in business centre not working, receptionist helping me while chewing food, grubby bathrobe in Spa and no loo paper in Spa toilet.When we checked out errors on our bill of course.I would need quite a lot of convincing to stay at this hotel again. I must have been unlucky.	
Aug 5 2007 	great view 	This hotel is well located and the staff are pleasant to deal with. The concierge personnel were particularly helpful. Our King Executive room was very comfortable with a wonderful view of Apsley House and Hyde Park. It could have been bigger but this was London and not the United States. It was hot and the air conditioning unit was the most efficient we have ever experienced in Europe.We stayed in London for two weekend nights at the beginning of August and booked a breakfast inclusive package in a Smoking Executive King Room on the intercontinental.com website. The website indicated to us, although we later found out differently on reading throughly the printed details, that everything was confirmed.As Ambassador Priority Club members one benefit is a room upgrade with this hotel group. Disappointingly, for the first time with Intercontinental, this hotel was unable to honour this as we were told the hotel was full. Instead we were given a small reduction in our booked room rate. This was understandable, but we were surprised when we got to our room and requested an ashtray that there was no record of our request and this room was designated non-smoking. The hotel was full so it was impossible to move us to anything better than a smaller room with a wonderful (sic) inner courtyard view. As our stay was short we decided to remain where we were and occasionally smoke outside the front hotel entrance thanks to the recent nanny state UK legislation. Intercontinental have a responsibility to ensure if they cannot provide the accomodation requested in a customer's website profile it is clearly shown before bookings are confirmed. We find Hilton do this very well!The inclusive buffet breakfast was good and there was great service from the cooked to order breakfast bar. My wife said it was the best ice-coffee she has had served in Europe. It is debatable though if we would have been prepared to pay £50 plus service for two if it had not been included in this rate. Overall an enjoyable stay. The hotel is close to all the West end tourist sites, Harrods, Kensington, Oxford Street. and is a wonderful base for exploring.Just make sure all your special requests are agreed before your arrival and that you book an inclusive breakfast rate..	
Jun 21 2007 	Lovely hotel	This is really a 5 stars hotel that I deeply enjoyed. Great location at walking distance of many attraction points in London, truly welcoming staff, nice clean rooms and good food.	
Jun 18 2007	Loved the hotel!	Had I known how great this hotel was beforehand, I would have stayed here my entire stay in London instead of changing hotels. Great service &amp; great room.	
Jun 13 2007 	Much better than the previous IC London!	My wife and I stayed here for one night in June '07. We had a one Bedroom Suite on the eighth floor and whilst it wasn't the largest suite around, it was certainly well fitted out. The Lounge had a working area with desk and chair, a sofa and easy chair and B&amp;O TV. The Bedroom also had another B&amp;O TV and Bose Wave Radio/CD. The Bathroom was a nice size and had a separate shower and bathtub. The Bedroom and Lounge both had terrific views over Hyde Park.Room service breakfast was fine. Everything was cooked as requested and presented to the usual IC high standards.Had drinks in the Lobby Lounge and service and quality were very good.The hotel has a much more modern feel now that it has been refurbished. The main entrance is much more grand than it once was. This makes for a great base whilst in London.	
Jun 4 2007 	Beautiful hotel superb service	I'm sure the reviewer who said to ignore the comments made before the refurb was correct ... we stayed here this weekend (2/3 Jun) and the hotel was exceptional. We had a Mayfair Room which was very spacious with a B&amp;O flat screen TV and a Bose sound system, the bed was sooooo comfortable and the pillows were amazing. The bathroom was quite small but beautifully decorated and equipped - big bath and a massive shower head which was like standing under a waterfall :o)The staff were extremely polite and attentive, and anticipated our every needs. The complimentary fruit and drink was a lovely touch on the first night (PriorityClub Ambassador) and we felt like valued guests even in such a large hotel.The location was also spot on, right outside Hyde Park Corner tube station with plenty of buses passing right outside if that's your preferred method of transport. I would not hesitate for one second to book again as we had a fabulous stay. Well done Intercontinental!	
Jun 3 2007	A superb hotel	We only stayed one night - but thought the hotel was superb. Staff friendly and attentive - room spotless; and all the benefits of my Platinum status in Priority Club were honoured and more. Highly recommended, with one small exception - the breakfast is very expensive, but plenty of places nearby to fulfill your early morning eating!	
May 28 2007 	MIxed reviews	Staff was very friendly and helpful especially in the lobby food area and rooms were quite spacious. In May 2007 when I stayed at the Intercontinenal in London I had a Jr. suite in which the air circulation system in the bedroom was not wokring. When the maitainance man arrived, tool belt full, he spent 10 minutes inspecting the system before telling me he would send someone else up to check it. No one arrived but as it was late I left it till the next moring when I spoke with the front desk about the problem. They said it would be &quot;Taken care of&quot; but during the three nights not a breath of air emerged from the vents. No contact of any kind was made and when I checked out and told the front desk the system was not working, they thanked me for the info. They had no record of a previous contact from me. Finally, in spite of advertisements, beware of the Italian restaurant at the hotel. When it is empty on a Friday night at 10:00, enough said.	
May 2 2007	Amazing renovated hotel	We stayed at the newly renovated Intercontinental Park Lane while recently in London. The reviews on Trip Advisor did not reflect the quality of the hotel, because most reviews were posted prior to the renovation. It is a fabulous hotel in a very convenient location. There are buses past the hotel to all the places we wanted to see. We were able to walk to Buckingham Palace and see the changing of the guard. It was centrally located so that it was a short taxi ride to each tourist location we wanted to go to. The hotel was beautifully appointed, the beds very comfortable. Eating in the hotel was very very expensive. The are it was located in was safe and we walked from there even at night. It was a fabulous choice for us.	
Apr 11 2007 	disappointing	Delighted by excellent experiences at many other Intercontinental hotels worldwide, including their creme de la creme hotels in Paris, Amsterdam and Hong Kong all of which possess a significant wow factor, we had been looking forward to the re-opening of the Intercontinental in London following its major refurbishment. As things turned out, our stay left us disappointed. First impressions are vital in any walk of life but this hotel failed to make any initial impact on us whatsoever. Nothing can obviously be done about the exterior – an unimposing example of 1960-70 concrete and glass architecture - but once inside it is similarly underwhelming with the term plain being the most appropriate description of the public areas. The lobby area is relatively small for its class, plain in design and lacking ambience with a complete absence of any display of splendour normally associated with hotels in this sector of the market. This made it appear to be in a much lower league than the other Intercontinental Hotels in which we’ve stayed, despite being among the dearest, something which surprised us as we were expecting London to be one of the group’s flagships. The bedroom was attractive enough with quality furnishings and fittings including an upscale sound system and LCD TV but not without its shortcomings. We had an executive room which came with excellent views of Aspley House and Hyde Park but it wasn’t particularly big and one side of the bed was very close to the wardrobe making it a bit of squeeze when hanging things up and when getting in and out of bed. There was only a single easy chair which meant that, with two of us in the room, we had to take it in turns to sit in comfort – not what we wanted after a hard day tramping around town!!! Also the desk was very small compared with other executive rooms which didn’t make it very easy for us to work through the pile of papers that we’d brought with us. Finally the bathroom was small and plain - not for those looking for a bit of luxury when performing their ablutions. When we mentioned these points to the receptionist when checking out, she suggested that we book a junior suite for our future stays. A fair point, perhaps, but on the other hand it would have been a reasonable expectation for rooms costing UK£300 per night to be of a sufficient standard to comfortably work and relax in. The quality of food at dinner at Theo Randall’s was excellent as we would have expected – the calamari was the best we’d ever tasted - but like the lobby area, the décor was fairly plain so perhaps not ideal for those who enjoy dining in more lavish surroundings. When we first arrived at 7.30, there was a high staff to diner ratio which meant that our glasses were topped up by at least half a dozen different servers in the first 15 minutes but as the restaurant filled up they became less attentive though service levels remained excellent. Breakfast was served in the Cookbook Cafe which was plainly furnished like the other public areas of the hotel making it more like a burger bar in appearance. It was table service with limited variety and we ended up waiting over 30 minutes for it to be served. For its price – from memory we think that it was £25 each – and the small size of the portions, it must have been the worst value in town, which together with unprofessional service made a bad start to the day for us. We understand that there is to be a move towards a buffet style breakfasts in the near future which hopefully will bring about improvements. The best thing about the London Intercontinental is its location. Situated directly opposite two Royal Parks on the junction of Park Lane with Piccadilly, it is prime real estate within easy reach of the attractions of the Mayfair, West End, Knightsbridge and Kensington with the tube and bus stops nearby for those not wanting to walk or catch a cab. All in all, however, we have stayed at far better hotels in central London in the same price range or less and our advice to anyone valuing decent sized bedrooms and bathrooms in opulent surroundings is to check out other hotels before making a booking.	
Mar 28 2007	Nearly Perfect	Stayed in a Royal Park Room for 3 nights.Pros: Flat screen tv, Marble bathroom with rain shower, unbelievable view of the Duke of Wellington's house &amp; Hyde Park, well appointed furnishings and comfortable bed.Negatives: Room on the smaller side and the service was not necessarily exceptional.Overall I highly recommend this hotel for anyone making a visit to London. Its no Dorchester, but still way above places like the Hilton or Sheraton on Park Lane.	
Mar 25 2007 	Top Class service even though it's not quite finished!	We had booked two nights in a Royal Park Exec room but on arrival at 1430 the room type was unavailable. We were offered a holding room on the 8th floor which was quite pleasant but a bit on the small side and were advised that we would be contacted when our own room was ready but after waiting 4 hours we decided just to stay put and move next day. The hotel does not yet have it's full room inventory and they seem to be constantly juggling things.We used both an &quot;Inner Court&quot; and &quot;Royal Park Executive&quot; room during our two night stay and found both to have extremely comfortable beds and amenities such as B&amp;O TV and BOSE wave radio/cd. The Exec room was larger with an armoir and marble floored entrance area. The bathrooms contained Elemis toiletries and the exec room hard a large &quot;rain&quot; shower over the bath rather than a separate cubicle.Breakfast was included in our rate so we took this in the &quot;Cookbook&quot; Cafe one morning and had room service the next. Both were well presented and offered high quality items (eggs are cooked to order in the cafe) although I don't think I would stomach paying £67 for room service breakfast (for 2) had it not been included.The public areas of the hotel are very well appointed with lots of nice flowers. The bar area offers a sudued atmosphere in which to enjoy some of it's extensive offerings.We felt very well looked after at the Hotel and were sent a bottle of chilled Champagne on the Sat night (for the inconvienience). The staff are competent, proffesional and extremely courteous so we're looking forward to a return visit when the Spa &amp; Lounge facilities are ready.	
Mar 20 2007 	Absolutely perfect	Just spent a weekend at the intercontinental, London. It was heaven. The staff in these hotels are always amazingly helpful and pleasant. Being under 30 people don't often feel that you should be entitled to a little bit or luxury or occasionally respect, but here is a true gem.The location couldn't be better, with easy access to some serious shopping activity or a multitude of greenery all around. Can't ask for much more than that in the city.The hotels just undergone a £80 million refurb and its doen it justice. Te rooms ahev a classic decor with a great contemporary feel including bose sound system and wall mounted bang-olfsen tv. We got upgraded to a superior room which had an enormous bed and loads of room to boot. Breakfast great with all you could want. I've heard that the restaurant theo randall is superb with innovative and exciting menus, but alas dit not manage to dine here on this occasion.This is great for everyone who wants a little bit of heaven at a bit of a price. We got one night free which made it reasonable for us!! If you are gonna stay here, join the 'priority club' scheme. Its free, and if you're like me and enjoy little thoughtful 'extras' its worth it!Have fun x	
Mar 18 2007 	Excellent Service and Room	Stayed in a Royal Park room for one night, with a wonderful view across Green Park towards the London Eye &amp; Big Ben. The hotel still isn't quite finished (not all rooms ready and Spa is not open), but what is there is superb. Excellent service from all staff, particularly in the bar/Cookbook Cafe. The room was a reasonable size for London although not huge. However, you could see the quality of the furnishings, bathroom fittings, Bose sound system, etc. There was an good rain shower over the bath.Breakfast was superb - best orange juice I've ever had, and good buffet selection plus chef on hand to cook omlettes, fried eggs and waffles. Probably worthwhile including in the price of the room as not cheap otherwise. Prices in the bar were similarly expensive (£5 for beer, £6.50 for glass of wine + 12.5% optional service charge) but probably expected for a hotel of this quality in central London.	
Jan 3 2007 	Fantastic Service in Fantastic Hotel	We have just returned from a fantastic 2 night stay, including New Years Eve. We had used the hotel a few times before the refurbishment, and were interested to see the change. And we were very impressed! It's just a shame that all of the suites, the Spa and the Club Lounge are yet to open. Our room was quite small, but had a bit of character and had a great balcony overlooking the London Eye and Big Ben. The bed (as per all Intercon's) was fantastic. The Bang &amp; Olufsen TV was also a nice touch, and the mini bar was well stocked. The bathroom wasn't massive, but was sufficient in size, with a great shower.We didn't eat in the hotel, but the drinks we had in the bar were great (including the free champers on NYE thanks to the lack of Club lounge) , and the service was amazing at all times from every member of staff.Definitly worth a stay...and we had no problems getting a cab, even at 9.30pm on New Years Eve! We'll be staying here again!	
Jan 3 2007 	New Year Celebration	My wife and I along with my sister and her husband spent three nights in the hotel over the New Year holiday, I knew when booking that the Hotel was still being re furbished.I was fortunate enough to be offered a very good room rate inclusive of breakfast for inner court rooms, these rooms are of a small to reasonable size for London and are obviously new, try and avoid room 721 if you go, we asked to be moved because of the noise from the service lift next door.The Staff and the reception/public areas were very very good we were treated very well and my room complaint was handled with no issues.The location of the Hotel is superb and for sure is the big plus point.Overall we really enjoyed our stay, five star London Hotels are expensive this Hotel being no exception, we would return.	
Dec 24 2006 	Excellent Hotel with possibly the best staff in London	This hotel, since is refurb is fantastic and is among the best hotels in London. The best thing about the IC London Park Lane is the quality of the SERVICE -something that is hard to get nowadays. From valet parking, to being greeted at the door and taken to my room, and to departure, every member of staff was pleasent to deal with and responsive. The rooms are great, still rather traditional, but with superb modern twists, such as Bang &amp; Olufson Flat Screen TV's, Bang &amp; Olufsen sound system and Air Conditioning. For London, the rooms are NOT small -although they aren't huge. The bathrooms are small, yet they are functional and stylish, with fluffy towels, towelling robes and slippers. Furthermore, there is no seperate shower in the standard (innercourt and mayfair) rooms, but there is a really good power shower fixed over the bath, witch is excellent. The controls for all of the bathroom taps and the two showers in the bath, are easy to operate, which is sometimes not the case in hotels. The minibar is well stocked and the beds are up to the usual InterContinental standard (meaning that you don't want to get out of them!) Theo Randall was a disappointment, Pigeon and Veal are on the menu, no Beef Steak to be seen, but there are two restaurants in the hotel and the food is good in both, despite Theo Randall being not to my taste. The room service menu is also extensive, if not overpriced, £5 for a coke is a little extortionate I feel!Breakfast is also a feature of the hotel in the &quot;Cookbook Cafe&quot;. Continental breakfast is on a buffet, but English Breakfast is cooked to order, meaning your food is always fresh and hot, again, this puts the hotel streets ahead of other hotels in London where quite frankly the breakfast lets other hotels down. Another selling-point of the hotel is the bar, the service is great and they bring round hors d'oeurves every 15 minutes.Although the spa is not open yet, nor is the Club InerContinental lounge, so they are not meeting all Royal Ambassador benefits yet. Overall, the hotel is fantastic and I highly recommend it, I will certainly be returning, really can't speak highly enough of it.Please disregard comments posted before 2006 as the hotel has been fully refurbished (about £80 million) so it has been transformed and it has improved beyond belief. Oh and did I mention the excellent servivce?....	
Nov 27 2006 	Paper thin walls in a 5 star hotel?	The Intercontinental has just finished a year-long, 63 million pound refurbishment. My driver told me about it, and I decided to stay on a two night visit to London on business. My first and last stay. The main requirement I have in a five star hotel is a quiet room. I work hard during the day and need a good night's sleep. Well, this is the wrong hotel if that is something you're interested in. You'd think spending all that money, they would have allocated something to room insulation! You can hear the tissue being reomved from the holder in the next room, let alone the sneeze that preceeded it. If one person on either side of you decides to watch TV at 2 am, you get to listen right along with them. Beyond the noise issue, the hot water only reaches warm, and when someone else flushes or turns on their shower, yours goes from barely warm enough to cold very quickly and takes a long time to recover. Requests at the front desk to have this fixed were ignored. Water pressure in the shower is best described as mist-like. It's ridiculous not to be able to feel that you adequately washed off all the soap so that your five star hotel can save a few cents on your water bill. There is also no taxi stand at the front door. The doorman has to walk down the street to another hotel's stand and negotiate with drivers to come to the Intercontinental door! I watched as he was turned down by five taxis, one after the other. Luckily, I was able to hail one myself in the street while this sad scene was being acted out. Other small items: my room had no &quot;do not disturb sign&quot; so housekeeping kept barging in while I was trying to sleep; the quality of the soap and shower amenities is sub-par; the newspaper I requested in the morning never arrived, and the components of the $60 breakfast I ordered ranged from inedible to mediocre. If the Four Seasons Canary Wharf hadn't been full, I never would have tried this place -- here's hoping they have room next time at a TRUE five star hotel.	
Oct 31 2005	Nice not great	We had a great room during our 2 night stay in August of 2005. Great bathroom, good sized room, clean, etc. Bed wasn't totally comfortable, but not a ton of hotel beds are. The hotel was well located by a few restaurants and pubs and a tube (metro/subway) stop. If I was to to it all over again, I would have probably stayed closer to picadilly circle. Seemed to be a more fun area with more restaurant and entertainment choices. Views of the park were great. The gym was ok, not big, but at least they had one. Definitely do the double decker tour bus rides. We did the Big Ben tour and loved it. It was a nice place. 5 stars??? Probably not - at least by our standards.	
Sep 24 2005 	Dilapidated small rooms but full-rate prices	I stayed for two nights on business. As a Brit living in Asia, I knew not to expect Asia hotel standards when visiting London but, even so, I found this hotel to be a depressing example of what the top-end of the hotels industry has to offer in the UK.I arrived mid-morning on a Sunday and, although the lobby area was not busy and there were two or three doormen and luggage porter staff on duty, I was left to cart in my own suitcase and bags. The staff saw me do so but, even so, did not offer to help.However, the guest relations managers on duty (Sabrina and Anthony) were very professional and pleasant and although there was no room available (early check-in was requested but I knew it could not be guaranteed) they did everything they could to find a room, even after I sat in front of them calling The Connaught and The Berkeley to try and get a room there instead (for the same price +/- £5).The challenge for them was that most of the hotel had already been closed down, ahead of a complete closure for eight months from the end of September. All rooms with views of Hyde Park were already stripped bare. The hotel bar was also shut down. Outside the main entrance were trucks taking away (presumably for the waste dump) exactly the same carpets and furnishings that I was paying full corporate rates for. Clearly the management had not considered that the diminution in service and amenities and the overall tired and shoddy nature of the rooms’ fixtures and fittings (including dirt-encrusted bathroom taps (see photo) and a rusting floor-lamp) should warrant any comparable reduction in rates. In the end I managed to get one of the “concept” rooms which apparently shows the colour scheme that will exist post-renovation (see photos).As an InterContinental Ambassador-level “Priority Club” member, I was able to persuade the guest relations managers to allow me access to the Club Floor lounge, which was not yet shut down and served the usual breakfast, canapés, drinks, etc, and was a pleasant place to rest. I also managed to get the waiver of a £6.50 + VAT charge simply to wash and iron a shirt (I could buy a brand new, though not top quality, shirt for the price in Oxford Street).No doubt after renovation the place will look more modern with new fixtures but I can’t see how they will solve the problem of small rooms, low ceilings and tiny bathrooms.The hotel’s location is good in the sense that it is close to Hyde Park but, in my opinion, in all practical senses it is not the best place to be. Yes, the Tube is just five minutes’ walk away (albeit up and down several flights of subway stairs), but apart from that the only things near are the other big hotels and car showrooms along Park Lane, the residential mansions in Mayfair, and the hotels and embassies along Piccadilly.I will not be looking to return when the place reopens in 2006.	
Sep 2 2005	Five Stars?????	Rude, obnoxious staff, tired, rundown rooms with dirty looking bathroms.Never again will i stay at the supposed 5 star Intercontinental...STAY AWAY	
Jan 22 2005	A Great Long Weekend	We had 3 nights here earlier this month and I recommend the hotel. It is a great location- everything in London is a 15 minute walk or a 10 minute cabride. The fitness center is small but has full cardio and steam/sauna/jacuzzi. The club level is worth another $20-30 for the free internet, snacks, and evening cocktail hour (beer served all day.) The rate was steep- around $400 with taxes- but I had a voucher for a free night so that helped a bit. Check out the neighborhood behind the Hilton (a 5 minute walk)- lots of neat shops and cafes.	
Dec 20 2004	one of the best places in town	We stayed for a Christmas Shopping Weekend at the InterContinental London. Our room 722 was extra large with 2 big beds and an outstanding view over the Hyde Park. You could also see the top of Harrods and the skylineview when it's dark is fantastic. Not to mention, that the room was spotless clean, many nice items like slippers, fluffy towells and a big desk to work on. Also a fax/copymachine with your own number - well, not realy a need for a pleasure traveller like me. We also had dinner in the &quot;Le Soufflé&quot;-Restaurant. What a great place. Excellent food, great service and a 2 men liveband for entertainment as well. And all for reasonable prices compared with other 5 star hotels. Breakfast offered a big choice of everything you can guess. All staff were more than friendly and helpful. There isn't much you could do better and as the location is convenient for all part of the city (Underground just 2 minutes walk away, Piccadilly 10 minutes walk, Buckingham Palace 5 minutes walk) we will definitly use this hotel for future stays in London again.	
Dec 4 2004	Overrated and Expensive		
Apr 27 2004 	simply fantastic		
Feb 10 2004	errrrr... 5*s? I think not.		
Jan 5 2004	Enjoyed the Intercontinental		
Dec 2 2003	Very nice not too much around it		
Nov 19 2003	Wonderful		
Aug 29 2003	Very nice hotel		
Jun 4 2003	Great Location...a touch jaded but very satisfactory		
Jun 4 2003	Perfect!		
Mar 31 2003	Accomplished and excellent		
Mar 31 2003	???		
Mar 31 2003	Wo sind all die guten Servicekräfte hin?		
Nov 12 2009 	?????		
Nov 4 2009 	???????????		
Oct 23 2009 	Enttäuschend		
Aug 27 2009 	Sehr schönes urbanes Hotel		
Jul 10 2009 	???????????		
May 10 2009 	Parfait		
Dec 9 2008 	Breve....ma indimenticabile soggiorno....!!!		
Nov 4 2008 	Schönes Hotel in guter Lage		
Oct 21 2008 	Das Interconti Park Lane spielt wieder in der obersten Hotelliga Londons mit!		
Oct 8 2008 	???????		
Sep 14 2008	??????????????		
Sep 5 2008	Sentiment mitigé !		
May 10 2008 	Un sans faute !		
Aug 2 2007	Hôtel à l'emplacement idéal mais au rôdage difficile		
