Nov 21 2009 	Hideously overpriced	Make no mistake, this hotel is well-situated. That said, everything about it is overpriced and underwhelming. I stayed in a suite. I couldn't even see out the windows because of the design. Local phone calls were in the range of $15. Breakfast is $60 and is mediocre--tasteless fruit, undercooked eggs. Very, very disappointing.	
Oct 28 2009 	Convenient hotel	We spent 3 days in this hotel during road show. Great breakfasts, location.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great experience not sure if I would pay it myself	I stayed one night in the Mandarin Oriental in London on 23 September for business trip and I absolutely loved the hotel. The room was great (yoga mat, confortable beds, lovely bathroom and really goor apple juice) and the hotel has good gym and other services. Also the location is excellent. Even if you have only 45 minutes free time during your stay, you can pop out on the street, do some shopping or eat well.The only negative point is the price. Both rooms and e.g. breakfast are way too expensive when teh company isn't paying.	
Sep 23 2009 	I'd Skip This One--except to eat	Due to an unfortunate oversight on my part, we were unable to stay at our favorite hotel in this area and ended up at the Mandarin Oriental instead. Oh, the room was large and well furnished (although extremely dark), and the premises clean and tidy. The service was generally good, too. Unfortunately we did not have a room with a view of Hyde Park, which might have made a difference about how we felt about this hotel, but the age of the building, despite the extensive remodeling, bothered us. Every walk down the hallways over the very creaky floorboards made us feel as if we were in a haunted house. And the lovely and modern bathroom looked great--it just didn't work well and the courteous staff were unable to make it work well. The stall shower did not drain fast enough (despite 6 maintenance calls and literally hours of time spent by the staff to repair the problem) so we were constantly forced to take &quot;military-style&quot; showers so as not to flood the hotel. Shame, shame Mandarin Oriental. This is unacceptable.There is an up side however. Both the cocktail lounge and restaurant(s) were excellent every time and even provided us with some lively entertainment and conversation, since various celebrities seem to habitue these venues on a regular basis. Among others, we saw an inebriated pop star stumble from the cocktail lounge and fall flat on his face in the lobby (he wasn't seriously hurt), and another night, while we were eathing, a former British Prime Minister and party sat nearby having dinner and quite a lively, yet lovely, conversation.	
Sep 6 2009 	Shoddy and noisy	Have spent month traveling to and from London. Is not a city known for service but a few places, like the Covent Garden really make the stay feel special. Not here! Noise from construction is unbearable, keys are often inoperable, room service orders come sloppily and late. There are staff that try to be helpful, the spa is wonderful but the actual experience of staying at hotel is rather stressful.Also many of the guests have bodyguards and security, is very odd to feel challenged and unwelcome as you enter building.	
Sep 6 2009 	Disappointing.	We have been a fan of Mandarin Oriental Hotels for a few years now and are happy to pay a premium to stay in a fab room and receive their legendary service, as it's totally worth the extra cash. Unfortunately this hotel wasn't up to the same standards as the others we have stayed in.The room itself was tired - both in terms of the furniture and the decor. The curtains were pretty dirty, and the blinds didn't fit to the window, so as soon as the sun came up we had light streaming in, so we were awake at 5am and couldn't get the blinds or curtains to close over it!In the bathroom, the bath surface was peeling away leaving a grubby brown colour all over the bath. I called Reception to let them know and see if we could move to a room with a cleaner bath. The guy on Reception responded that lots of the baths are like this because they are so old and that we wouldn't be able to move room. A supervisor was apparently sent to the room after a relatively abrupt phone call with the guy on the desk, but he/she never showed up! That's pretty poor for a Mandarin! We complained again on check out and did get the service charge refunded, which was ok. Just definitely something to look out for before you unpack, as it's not nice at all! The rest of the hotel is also looking tired and in need of a refurb. We noticed the walls in the Park restuarant had stains all up them and it felt pretty grubby and dated. The service in the restaurant in the evening and at breakfast was excellent though and we had some fab, delicious meals together.Considering the standard of the room and the patchy servivce we received, it wasn't good value for money. The hotel was expensive and I don't feel we had the same fab experience that we have consistently seen in other Mandarin hotels. This is my first review on a Mandarin that hasn't been perfect! Very very disappointing. Next time we stay in London, we'll stay elsewhere, probably for a cheaper price, and perhaps just eat in the restaurant here instead!	
Sep 3 2009 	Brilliant time	I travel a lot with my job both in the UK and Europe/I had a business meeting in London so asked my secretary to book me in the Mandarin because I had heard excellent reports from clients.I try to arrange to be booked into a Hotel with Spa so that I can relax on a evening and use the Gym and Spa facilities.The hotel facilities are excellent, the rooms divine and the food, one of the most exciting menu's I have been offered in a while.This spa was one of the best visit's I have had for a long time, treatments first class, really enjoyed the Aromatherapy Massage, intense but enjoyable, I went back next day for a Espa Facial, pressure just right, came away feeling rejuvenated after a long day of meetings. The	
Aug 17 2009 	Highly recommended for a Spa Break in London...	My girlfriend and I have just returned from THE most amazing Spa Break. We decided to treat ourselves to a stay in one of London's top hotels, with dinner and then pamper ourselves in the Spa. Although not huge, the Spa pool is very relaxing and the treatments we had were better than anywhere else I have experienced in this country. The food was excellent and we were made to feel very welcome by all of the hotel staff from the Porters on the door to the lady that greeted us in the Spa. Sometimes in hotels, I think us &quot;girlies&quot; on Spa Breaks are treated as 2nd class citizens to business people who are probably paying alot more money but this was not the case at this lovely hotel. Highly recommended!±	
Aug 16 2009 	Exceptional	I can't believe all these reviews I am reading here! I have stayed at the Mandarin Oriental on numerous occasions over a 6 year period and I have always found the service and amenities to be exceptional. Our three bedroom suite with large terrace overlooking Hyde Park was the ultimate in luxury. From the moment of arrival to our departure, we were well looked after. I would often call room service with quite long and involved dinning requests and the orders always arrived promptly and with everything exactly as requested. And the food is always delicious. I have greatly enjoying numerous breakfasts, lunches, high teas, dinners and late night snacks from their kitchen.And I am still enjoying their Jo Malone bath products.I would have no hesitation in recommending this exceptional hotel to my friends and family.	
Aug 3 2009 	Plush luxurious silent peaceful great location	Mandarin Oriental Hotels are wonderful. Typically better than Four Seasons. Imagine a lush library, with the gentle tinking of spoons on teacups, and this is this hotel. The location is just awesome. Breakfast in the dining room offers a wonderful view of Hyde Park, where you'll see couples strolling, people jogging, horses. This hotel is grand. In the city, this is the place to beat. Great spa, close to the tube, within walking distance of great shopping. Love this hotel.	
Jun 30 2009 	Very Nice Hotel	We had a two night stay at the Mandarin and enjoyed it very much. We had just come in on the red eye so we were happy to find our room ready very very early (big plus). I think it was well priced given the location and service. We used our Platinum card so we were given a room upgrade, late check out and a food credit. Our room was lovely and had a wonderful view and balcony (which you could not actually go out onto sadly). If I were to nit-pick I would say their food in general could use and upgrade. Overall - the rooms and service were very good and I would stay here again.	
Jun 28 2009 	Just ok - no sense of luxury relative to its so-called luxury reputation	My fiance (over from New York) and I stayed here recently. I lived in London previously for 25 years so I knew the Hotel when it used to be Hyde Park Hotel (1992). It seemed that time stood still. Much of the decor has not changed inside the rooms. The first room was such a disappointment. It had the feel of a shabby Laura Ashley decorated interior. In 1995 it would have been lovely. Even if furnishings were traditional it should not feel grotty/old/past its time; it should feel clean and fresh, not musty. The bathroom had green toilet fluid on the seat. Poor cleaning. We were upgraded to a superior room when we complained. This room was better and had less of a funearel feel about it but still had that sense of tired furnishing. The bathroom had a shower curtain and was small. Interestingly enough, the bathroom of this superior room was half the size of the bathroom of the previous room of lower grade.Good Point: Room Service breakfast was great in comparison to room service breakfast in Mandarin Oriental in Boston, USA. The outside outside terrace was nice but really because of the view to Hyde Park not actually because of anything the Hotel did itself. Astoundingly Beyonce, Jayz and their entourage were in residence. They were seated on the Terrace while we were there about 4 tables away. On taking pictures of one of our party we were told by the waiter not to take photos. Minutes later one of the Beyonce/Jayz crew brought out a giant zoom lens camera nad started taking photos. I immediately complained and asked why it was ok for them to take photos. Has it not ocurred to the Hotel that people might like to take pictures on holiday. The same waiter later apologised and allowed us to use our camera. Another highlight of the holiday was their understanding of a do not disturb sign. Housekeeping actually telephoned our room and asked when they could come to clean the room. I said there is a do not disturb sign there so clearly not now. I called the Front Desk / Duty Manager to complain she explained that a do not disturb sign does not mean that Housekeeping cant telephone to ask when they can come to clean teh room and that a do not disturb sign can be placed on the telephone, In any case I found the whole affair ridiculous. A sign saying do not disturb means excatly that. If the Housekeeper telephones to say I notice a do not disturb sign is on your door so when can I come to clean, THAT is just unacceptable. She/He might as well ask for your itinierary so she can plan her housekeeping duties appropriately. I was rather appalled for a hotel of this calibre. They put a bottle of Champagne in the room to try to make amends as a result after we returned from our day out. Another disappointment was the knowledge of teh Concierge on recommending good restaurants. Being a native of London it became quickly clear that I wa sbetter off doing this myself. His suggestions were bizarre places that I never heard of. I was clear in my description of what I wanted he was so far off the mark. I managed to book a lovely restaurant in Mayfair myself. He was of absolutely no use and in fact said that he had no influence to try toget bookings that all he could do was telephone them to ask about availability and that was it. The best thing about this hotel is the location; room service breakfast and the Terrace restaurant.	
Jun 21 2009 	very disappointing	it's london we shouldn't expect great services, but still staying at 5 star hotels we expect something more than london standard. but actually it was very disappointing. not a comparison of other global standard 5 star hotels. poor services, dark and not very clean room. if it's USD 200, ok i wouldn't complain. but with USD 600 or more, there are too many things i want to say. i am not going to stay here anymore.	
Jun 5 2009 	loved the interior!	The interior of the hotel is amazing. We stayed for 2 nights, the staff was friendly and the room service is fantastic.	
May 22 2009 	Unbelievable service - Will definitely come back	My wife and I just stayed there for 4 nights and I can't wait to stay there again. We arrived London with my wife's luggage being left behind in San Francisco. Believe me, my wife was quite grumpy when we arrived the hotel since she knew she would have no clothes to change to for the rest of the day. We communicated the missing luggage to the hotel staff and they immediately sent over an emergency kit up to our room that contained a REALLY nice set of pajamas and other essential toiletries free of charge. They also started our stay right by offering us with welcome drinks (coffee, coke, and cookies!).If you stay there, be sure to use the conceirge service. They are always at least 2-3 staff members at the conceirge desk and during those 5 days we were there we'd never had to wait in line for service. They helped map out a lot of our daily tour plans which saved us a lot of traveling time. They also helped us with dinner reservations and getting last minute musical tickets to see the Wicked.My most in-awe moment with this stay was when my wife called down to ask if they had any scotch guard sprays for her new white leather purse since her purse was getting dirty with it rubbing against her blue jeans. The staff spent 5 minutes searching around for one and they couldn't find any at the hotel. They called us back moments after telling us that the shops were going to be closing soon and they would send someone out to Harrods to buy one for us. Within 20 minutes, they came up and delivered it to our room. It was soooo crazy.In terms of food, I wouldn't recommend getting the breakfast there. One morning we wanted to stop by to grab something really quick for breakfast. Turned out they only had 3 set breakfast menus to choose from and they were quite expensive. I think it was something like 29 pounds for pastries, coffee, and a small plate of fruit. and 39 pounds for pancakes, coffee, and a small plate of fruit. Go somewhere else for breakfast instead. :)I also used the spa service a few times. I was really jetlagged the first night I was there and I had been up since 4am. When the spa opened at 7am, I immediately called down and was able to make an appointment for a deep tissue massage for 7:30. The massage was excellent and the spa was pretty nice. I wouldn't get the foot massage there though as the person who did it wasn't very good.All in all, the stay was excellent. It always feels good to walk around the hotel being greeted with staff members that somehow magically have your name memorized. I have stayed at the Hong Kong Mandarin Oriental before, and while the rooms were much nicer and bigger in HK, the service there don't nearly compare to the service you will get in London. My wife and I will definitely stay there again when we visit London in the future.	
May 21 2009 	Brilliant example of 5*	Stayed on business and black tie dinner in evening provided fantastic food. Staff friendly and always said hello as you went past. Room was spacious, clean and the turning-down service is a nice touch. Bathroom was excellent with powerful shower and expensive glasses. The bar attached to the hotel also does excellent cocktails and the hotel is a short ride from Mahiki. Super choice at breakfast and they are also very accomodating if you have a massive hangover...	
Apr 23 2009 	Beautiful hotel with excellent service	My husband and I just returned from a 4 night stay at the Mandarin Oriental. It was wonderful! We had a corner room (A Knightsbridge King) with a bit of view of the London Eye. It was quiet and well-appointed. (Well, except for the fact that European Hotels still refuse to have more than 1 or 2 electrical outlets in a room). The bathroom was pretty-albeit a little small. There were small snacks delivered to us and the manager wrote or phoned daily to see if we needed anything. The concierge was very helpful as well. The spa is fabulous and the gym has new equipment and was never very busy. The neighborhood is perfect if shopping or walking in the lovely London parks is in your plans. However, it is a bit out of the way for some of the other sites in town or if you have business in the City. We enjoyed several terrific dinners including one at Zuma which is walking distance from the hotel.	
Apr 17 2009 	Exquisite charming personable delectable!	Stayed in the Mandarin Oriental, Knightsbridge on the way the to Italy and what can I say but wow! Had an utterly fantastic stay here. Staff were attentive, informative and charming. There was a significant mistake made in our room rate (in our favour!), and after bringing it to our attention later that evening after we checked in, the manager then said that they would of course be honouring the rate offered to us. For the rest of our trip, the staff and management couldn't have been any more gracious.As for our room, well we stayed in a courtyard suite and found it to be roomy, very well decorated and equipped and very very comfortable. Although we were on the first floor, we didn't hear any noise coming from the bar or other areas of the hotel. The bar by the way seems to have music most nights, and excellent jazz at that.In terms of location, Harrods is only a small jaunt down the road and the Knightsbridge Tube station is just across the road. The views of the park from the breakfast dining room are a welcome diversion and are quite calming at that time of the day. We ate in a cozy Thai restaurant, Patara, a short walk from the hotel and it was excellent. The spa at the hotel came highly recommended from other guests we spoke to, although we didn't get a chance to use it ourselves.All in all a thouroughly enjoyable and relaxing stay in the sumptuos surroundings of the Mandarin Oriental. I am fully looking forward to our next visit!	
Apr 9 2009 	Cold charmless staff ruined our stay.	Hotels can be like people, in that their beauty is sometimes only skin-deep. Yes, this is a beautiful classic hotel in an incredible location. However, when a hotel is one of the most expensive in London, and by extension, the world, you expect them to provide hospitality, not just the appearance of such. The staff and management at this hotel were adeptly trained at going through the motions of a 5 star hotel. They were incredibly good of putting on the appearance of the staff from &quot;Upstairs/Downstairs&quot; or some other classic period piece with constant greeting of &quot;Good evening, sir. How are you sir? Are you enjoying your stay, sir?&quot;They made the effort so often, I actually got tired of it by the 2nd day and started doing my best to avoid them.However, when we actually engaged them in any request that was not exactly to the script, they could not respond, or did so with a smugness that bordered on contempt. We were so bristled by the repsonses of the hotel staff that we moved out halfway through our stay. When we asked the concierge to make a reservation at a new restaurant recommended by a friend, he responded with a haughty tone that implied that as he was not aware of it, it must not be that good. (Yes, it was.)The next morning, at breakfast, my wife ordered for herself and my son, but I asked the server to return in a minute, as I had not had a chance to look at the menu. The server not only did not return, but brought my wife and son their food and left again with my plate completely empty and my order not taken. When I called the manager over to inform him that no one took my order, he said he would have eggs brought for me right away. The only problem was that I don't eat eggs and never ordered any. The manager just assumed I did rather than asking me.When my wife requested the cleaning staff to make up our beds in the late afternoon after my son had a nap, the woman who came did so with a thinly veiled comment that implied that it was an inconvenience for her to do so. There are more examples I can tell to illustrate that these were symptomatic of a greater problem, not just isolated incidents. We finally felt the need to check out and move to the Halkin, a gem of a hotel with a Michelin-starred restaurant and staff that truly understands service and attention. The Mandarin's staff only understood putting on airs rather than following through with real care.	
Feb 16 2009 	Solid hotel with impecable service	I stayed at the MO in Knightsbridge for 4 nights and was pleased with the hotel. Upon arrival, I was upgraded to a junior suite -- a nice touch, this behavior is becoming a pattern with MO to tempt travelers for the next stay. The junior suite on the 4th or 5th floor was clean and furniture in good condition. There was no view to speak of, unless you like looking down into a small alley and the rooftops of an adjacent apartment building!Room service and food at the bar (I recommend dim sum and martini's) was excellent. The MO's location is unbeatable for shopping in Knightsbridge. Getting around is easy via cab or the tube.	
Jan 25 2009 	The best choice in London...Location+Service+Quality=Mandarin Oriental London	Location: 5/5The best location you can ask for in london has to be the Mandarin Oriental,,,,behind the hotel is the Hyde Park, infront is Harvey Nichols and Sloane Street and 1 block away is Harrods and all the shops and restaurants of knightsbridge are within an easy walking distance to the hotel.....also oxford and buckingham palace within 10 miutes walking distance.....Service: 5/5The service is great as every mandarin oriental is known for their quality of service....Room: 4/5The rooms are great for london, each room has a Bang &amp; Olufsen T.V. and an excellent WI FI connection for 15pounds a day, complimentary evian water and fruit plate provided daily....Overall: 4.5/5Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park is the best choice in London....	
Dec 30 2008 	Very good choice near major shopping at Hyde Park	From the outside:1. Location: - The Front: Facing Knightsbridge's major and busy shopping corrdior. Across the street from Harvey Nichols, up the street from Harrod's and hundrets of high-street shopping venues and restaurants - The Back: Facing peaceful Hyde Park.2.Safety: Very Safe area, even after dark3. Public Transport: Tube across (Knightsbridge) the street4. Exterior: - Appearance: Red brick bulding with palatial elements, elegant- Hight: 9 Floors- Specials: Wonderfully illuminated, even more on xmas.From the Inside:1. Lobby: Picture perfect grand hotel, stairs lead up to the lobby, dark marble coverings on the wallDoormen helpful2. Restaurant: The casual restaurant overlooks Hyde Park. Airy room, contemporary/modern style. Serves also as the breakfast room.- Lunch/Dinner: European/Asian variations (from steaks to tandori)- Breakfast: A la carte, no surprises- Food Quality: Overall good, but room for improvement- Price Range: Upper Price Range- Service: Good, but not as good as they think3. Rooms- 6th floor room, 38 sqm, facing Hyde Parkvery traditional design, furniture is worn,rooms lack a bit of daylight due to rather small windows, but well placed lights create cozy room.- Flat screen bang and olufsen TVs, dvds on request, no in room entertainment, but ipod station.- Bathroom not up to 6 star hotel class, shower and tub in-one, small room, only minor natural daylight.4. Service:Good but not 5 or 6 star level. Things were forgotten, service was too often not with a smile.5. Recreation:Fully equipped fitness center, all maschines up-to-date, free water an fruits, but basement location is not upliftingSpa by far too expensive, rather small facility, fills up quickly, no pool but so called vitality pool ( plunge pool).	
Dec 14 2008 	Impeccable service	On my first trip to London (and Europe), I found a good deal at the Mandarin Oriental. Having stayed at the San Francisco one back in May, I had high expectations. The experience was fantastic, and the service was classic Mandarin Oriental--impeccable.From the moment that my car arrived at the hotel, service was first-class. Check-in was a breeze, and the room had already been prepared with a welcome card personalized for me. Even the TV in the room was programmed to welcome me by name. The bellmen were prompt and unobtrusive in bringing up the bags, and the manager who brought me up even offered me a complimentary drink which was promptly brought to the room.I stayed in room 127, which was easy to get to (up one flight of stairs). My particular room layout was a little peculiar, but I expected a small room, coming from New York. The bedroom itself is a wee bit small, but the bed was very clean and comfortable, and there were nice amenities like slippers next to the bed, and bottled water at the nightstand. Unfortunately, there was no view--the window was frosted, I think it only opened up to a view of nothing.The TV was a very impressive Bang &amp; Olufsen flat-screen which might have been $10,000. The TV navigation was a little awkward because you had to scroll through a bunch of menus, but the TV itself was fantastic--very impressive.The bathroom was huge, however. The bathroom was probably larger than the bedroom, and you never felt claustrophic. The towels were laid out on a heated rack which you could control the temperature of, and there was even a digital scale to weigh yourself. I think there was even a bidet, which I didn't use.The room also had a decent-sized foyer, with hardwood floors and a good-sized closet with another set of slippers, shoehorn, etc.My colleague was also staying at the hotel, and his room was laid out very differently, so bear in mind that you might get something different.Gripes? The only gripe I can make is that on the day of checkout, I wasn't offered a late checkout (nothing was available). Also, after checkout, I had some time to kill, so I went to the restaurant. The food was great, but the service was very slow, and they managed to screw up my Caesar salad and included chicken which I specifically asked to leave off. The replacement took 20 minutes to arrive.Also, there is a lot of construction in front, so getting around the streets there will require crossing a few more streets than usual.On the other hand, I left some small silver cufflinks in a dresser drawer and didn't discover this until I got back to the States. Imagine my delight when I contacted housekeeping and found out that they found them. The hotel overnighted the cufflinks back to me in the States free of charge, and even included a nice blue box to mount the cufflinks in.Would I stay here again? Absolutely. The service is impeccable. The restaurant experience wasn't great, but my room service experiences were good--it was probably just an off day. As far as the rooms...they are a little dated, but I preferred the rooms to the Lanesborough down the street, where another colleage was staying.Maybe next time I'll go boutique, but for the location and service, it's hard to top the Mandarin. You have the Knightsbridge tube station across the street, Harrod's down the street, and Harvey Nichols right across the street.	
Nov 24 2008 	'Emperor's New Clothes' syndrome	This really is a disappointing hotel. I can see how it might be impressive to someone who is used to staying at Travelodge and if I had paid £50 a night to stay at the Mandarin I might have been impressed too. However, I don't think it's unreasonable to expect value for money. That doesn't mean I’m not prepared to spend money on a decent room, it means guests should get what they pay for. I suspect that some guests feel they're getting their £500 worth simply because they have been permitted to stay in a 'posh hotel' but if you pay ten times what you'd pay at a travelodge you should expect ten times the value. When I stay in a budget hotel I accept that I should only expect basic facilities, decor and services. The standard of accommodation at this particular Mandarin is no better than an average 3-4 star hotel. The rooms are tired, grubby and old fashioned. The staff is poorly trained (or poorly motivated) and the facilities are not what are generally considered to be 5 star.If you’re not used to staying in 5 star accommodation you may think the Mandarin Hyde park is impressive. Trust me, it’s not 5 star. I would advise anyone who is thinking of staying here to either save their money and stay in a budget hotel or spend the same amount on a different 5 star hotel. You may not be used to staying in 5 star accommodation but that’s no reason to accept less than 5 star service - one person’s money is as good as the next. If you don’t require that extra special something that should be provided in all 5 star hotels you may as well stay at one of the many 4 star hotels in central London. And if you DO require that extra special something that should be provided in all 5 star hotels you'll be disappointed by the Mandarin Hyde Park.	
Nov 17 2008 	Great Location Miss the Old Ambiance	I still really like this hotel, but I miss the old Hyde Park and the Cavalry Grill with it's clubby feel and quitessential British menu.The rooms are very well appointed, but of course you want to be on the park side since the traffic on Kinghtsbridge can be noisy. They have every amenity you expect in an ultra luxury hotel... great TV's, CD, DVD, WiFi, etc. and the staff is exceptionally well trained.The restaurants are very nice, but I confess more times than not I buy food from the food halls at Harrod's, grab a nice claret and dine en suite. The Spa is terrific and a great way to unwind after a tough week of business meetings.	
Nov 17 2008 	Great Stay at Mandarin	I recently stayed at the Mandarin Oriental for 5 nights. Upon arrival we were greeted at the front door and escorted to our room where we checked in once in the room! I had requested a room on the top floor, which we did get even though we arrived at the hotel way before check-in time.The room was perfect, comfortable bed, nice furnishings, impeccably clean, nice bathroom and a huge Bang and Olufsen TV.The service was also great, everybody was very attentive and always available for any request we had. The concierge was outstanding too. The got us into very nice restaurants with very short notice.I also liked the fact that it is a luxury hotel without necessarily being stuffy or snobby like many of its competitors. I will definitely stay there again. Sometimes they offer great rates.	
Sep 17 2008	Old grand refurbished hotel in stunning location	One of London's best locations and by Hyde Park too! Recently refurbished, not much too complain about.	
Aug 4 2008 	One Night Stay	I had need to stay one night in London at short notice and was unable to stay at the hotel of my choice. I turned to WhataHotel to find something at short notice. This they did and were able to provide an excellent package for my one night stay. Upon my arrival at the hotel I was given a room upgrade without asking to a very nice suite. The suite was excellent and the hotel was close to Harrods and other named shops in the area. Staff came across as polite and helpful. I did not have dinner at the hotel but did have breakfast the following morning in my suite which, came on time, well presented and hot!! Time did not allow me to try the spa which I have read is excellent. A very short stay but nice!	
Jul 26 2008 	DONT ASK FOR TEA 	An excellent hotel, clean ,tidy,friendly,and a great location in London. In Knightsbridge,ideal for tube, Harrods, Harvey Nichols,etc.Reception &amp; check in friendly &amp; efficient.A very smart trendy bar.Full english breakfast very good, but ridiculously overpriced at £30.Only had 1 problem, we requested tea &amp; coffee facilities in both our rooms, they were not there on arrival, although they soon provided them when we pointed it out. When rooms were cleaned next day, they were taken &amp; not replaced untill we asked, the same thing happened again when the room was turned down. But overall a very nice experience, ( apart from the fire alarm going off at 4.20 AM). Also worth mentioning,we took a courtyard room,with not a particularly brilliant view,but the quality of the room makes up for this. Try a courtyard king room,the TV is huge !	
May 22 2008	Management knows of the following problems: Keys do not work 	The key issue is a major issue in the hotel. 9 times out of 10 the keys do not work. If you are not a frequent guest, they try to fool you by telling you that you must have it in your wallet and somehow your credit cards have deactivated the key.The fact of the matter is that every staff member from the bellboy to the German General Manager are aware of the problem and they are doing nothing to correct. They are waiting for the condo property next door to be completed in the next two years before starting a major renovation of the Mandarin Hotel.The management believes the key problem is one that guests can live with expecially since they are getting away with it with lies.Forget about getting a room on the first three floors on a weekend night. The noise is unbearable. Ask to be moved.Room internet is spotty and as another guest mentioned, the furniture is dinged.The website fails to mention that you have to pay for the spa if you do not have an appointment for a service such as a massage. At $50 everytime you want to use it, it is very expensive and not mentioned anywhere until you try and use the facility.Complain and they will take pounds of the bill.On top of that they chage a 5% discretionary charge on your bill.Ask for it to be removed as you probably already tip the doorman, etc.	
May 20 2008 	The bar lets the side down	I stayed for two nights over the weekend at the MO Hyde Park in Knightsbridge, and thought I'd give my thoughts.I booked a suite, the rate for a Junior Suite was £395 plus tax and service. This compared very favourably with the best available rate elsewhere which was over £500 per night, room-only.I arrived by taxi around 6pm on Friday. The bellman immediately opened the taxi door, welcomed me to the hotel and collected my bags. By the time I'd paid the driver, he had already written out my baggage claim.The reception desk at the hotel is quite small, and both positions were occupied when I arrived. As soon as I arrived, another member of staff appeared and checked me.The lobby is decorated with a lot of marble, with a number of oriental accents (such as the golden buddah figures, the use of jade colours and the flowers) - quite classy. Check-in was quick, and I was then escorted to my room (on the 2nd floor, facing Knightsbridge - I believe the Hyde Park view rooms are significantly more expensive) by a guest services agent. Unfortunately, there was some problem with the room key, so the agent opened the room with her master key. After a brief tour of the room, and asking me whether I'd like a welcome tea or coffee, she returned to reception promising new keys straight away.My bags arrived within a few minutes, followed by my tea (complimentary and served with biscuits), and then a new set of keys - along with an huge apology.As usual, 'Junior Suite' is really a misnomer: these are simply larger-than-average rooms with a sitting area. The fittings were of high quality. In particular, the seating area was spacious with two armchairs and a sofa; and there was plenty of hanging space for clothes.The bathroom was quite long and thin, and decorated with dark green, white and black marble. The bath, toilet, bidet and twin sinks were all along one wall - the room was at least twice to three times as long as it was wide. Jo Malone toiletries were supplied; shower gel, shampoo, conditioner and body lotion - in the signature Lime, Basil and Mandarin scent, and these seem to be replenished daily. A note on housekeeping: I asked for and received a 4pm checkout - and I was pleased to see that my room was made up on the morning of my checkout. Complimentary shoe shine is available.Breakfast was served in my suite. It included coffee, orange juice, a round of toast, croissants, danish pastries and muffins and the cooked selection containing; bacon, baked beans, sausage, mushrooms and two fluffy poached eggs). Certainly more than I could eat (although this may also be partially attributable to my somewhat fragile state after drinks in Soho until the early hours, and all of excellent quality.I arrange to meet a friend in the Mandarin Bar at 7.30pm on Saturday night to have a drink before a few drinks in Soho, in the end, we didn't stay because the place was absolutely packed - it's clearly a very popular destination: I don't know WHEN they will reserve tables for hotel guests???Service is attentive but not over the top.Service was generally excellent (one minor slip: I called down to request some toothpaste - I'd forgotten mine - at 9am, and it didn't arrive until the afternoon), and the rooms and furnishings up to scratch. Checkout was efficient but I had to carry my bags down to reception as the member of staff promises to escort them down didn't turn up after contacting reception twice.	
May 15 2008	Five circles two thumbs up	Some travelers like to push as many buttons - literally and figuratively - as they can at hotels. They can be seen pestering concierges for obscure services and extra pillow chocolates. Probably they are envious of Van Halen's famous M&amp;M rider. I am not one of those, but I bet even they would be satisfied here.The room was amply sized and impeccably detailed. The bed was comfortable, of course. Pillows were not an issue. The shower was low-maintenance, not a safe assumption anywhere in London. Bottled water appeared as it was consumed. The thoughtful placement of a yoga mat in the room meant that I used it, for a change. When I departed with the room safe full of reasonably useful belongings, they facilitated the prompt return of all the items with a minimum of fuss and explanation.Of course I would come back.	
Apr 23 2008	beware	I stayed here some 5 years ago and had problems with the service I now live in London- I think its important than anyone thinking of using this hotel should realize that there is a MASSIVE buiding site next door	
Apr 22 2008 	ok but not brill	this is the second time weve stayed in th MOHP and it will may be the last.the location is excellent with harrods, harvey nicks and hyde park all on the doorstep.breakfast is good, served to your table in a nice environment and very relaxing.our suite was clean if a little dated and chintzy, bath room rather small but the usual toiletries.the problems start at night!by all accounts the bar is popular, the hotel has &quot;bouncers&quot; at the entrance demanding to know if you are a guest and if so have you booked a table, why would i book a table when im nipping in for a quick drink while my other half is getting dressed?when i did eventually get in the waitress told me about a cover charge!ill only be 20 minutes i said and took a seat in the half empty bar, i was then told the table was reserved, so i sat at the bar and tried to enjoy the ambiance! during this time 2 other guests were turned away.on another night when returning from an evening out we were abruptly turned away because the bar was full, i pointed out that a table was available, a quick side step and i was in, much to the shock of the east european security staff. again behind me more guests were turned away.in short the hotel has got to get this sorted out, they seem to think the bar is something special, its not, so if you stay in the MOHP, tell themp.s.porters are fantastic	
Apr 18 2008 	Very Dissapointed	Stayed at the MO Hyde Park in London for business for a week in June 2007. The location is great (backs onto Hyde Park) and the service is on par. However, I was very dissapointed with the following and as such will not stay in this property again.1. Rooms - views on concrete walls in the basement for GPB400 per night are unacceptable;2. Bathrooms - Extremely dated, with no seperate shower. Water pressure issues. Dirty and unhygenic shower curtain (I travel extensively and don't think I've ever stayed in a 5 star hotel that has shower curtains);3. Noise - The first room I was in was directly on top of the ballroom where they were having a 21st birthday party on a weeknight which lasted well past midnight with extremely loud music. The service staff indicated there was &quot;nothing they could do&quot; and apologised but were not able to offer another room. In summary this property is extremely poor value for the price. I have stayed at the Covent Garden hotel (a Firmdale property) previously and it (for only c.GPB250 per night) was far superior.	
Apr 8 2008 	Sadly Slipping much like London	I often stay at this hotel when in London. The rooms are consistently of good size and very nicely appointed. Upgrades to rooms overlooking Harvey Nichols are common. I was disappointed by three things on my last stay: 1) obtrusive security; 2) inconsiderate guests; and 3) terrible food both in room service and the more casual restaurant. I suspect the first two issues are related; some of the guests appear to be both very rich and very unrefined, a combination which has become a lot more commonplace in London over the past few years. The security lacked discretion and made me a bit nervous as to why so much was needed. A very elegant friend, who was staying at the nearby Berkeley, was personally escorted to my room by security. With respect to the guests, I was awoken at all hours on Saturday night by loudly slamming doors. It was rather unbelievable. At the least, the hotel needs to buffer the doors, since they cannot control the behavior of rude guests. The food was a disaster for a hotel of this caliber. I ordered a chicken breast dish and it came as a very strange amalgamation of thigh meat. Next, I ordered a thin crust pizza, which should have never made it out of the kitchen since it was “deep dish” – i.e. full of bread. I also thought the spa was underwhelming. Hotel guest can use between 7 and 9 am or pay 25 pounds at other times. It’s very small and the relaxation room had only two magazines. I was very glad I did not book a treatment. I suspect the issue I had are symptomatic of London, a city buzzing with too much new foreign money. It’s not clear the experience would have been that much different at another five-star hotel, but I am willing to test that theory on my next trip.	
Apr 3 2008 	Lovely hotel stunningly expensive food	We recently had an enjoyable two-night stay at the Mandarin Oriental. While our room was small and not very user-friendly, it was tasteful and quiet. Service exceeded our expectations. Concierge and front desk staff at the hotel are warm, knowledgeable and generally stellar.The location of the hotel is ideal for sightseeing and shopping. Two tube stops are just a few blocks away. The only negative we found at the hotel was the restaurant. The menu basically has two or three breakfast options, none of which are truly a la carte or buffet offerings, just a list of things you can get with a particular menu. My simple omelet, toast, and tea cost a stunning 29 GBP. Next time we'll ask the concierge where to go for a more reasonable breakfast.	
Mar 4 2008 	Great hotel in a great location for a great week end	I booked the &quot;Pretty in the city&quot; package for my wife this we, including make-up artist + hairdresser in our bedroom... Lovely, for my wife and geat for our daughter as the MOHP is facing hyde park and its squirrels.So thumbs up: well, almost everything from the room (allow you some indulgence, book a turret suite), very friendly staff, perfect location facing Harvey Nichols on one side and Hyde park on the other!Thumb down for the in-room dining: not what we could expeect from a 5* hotelNext time in London, most likely another booking at the Mandarin	
Jan 29 2008 	Very Nice Experience	We stayed at both the Mandarin and Claridge's on the same trip, and I found both experiences to be wonderful. The staff at the Mandarin is top-knotch, making us feel very welcome immediately upon check-in. We wanted to check-in very early due to our jetlag, and they accomodated us right away. Our room was beautiful and extremely comfortable with a nice foyer, large bedroom and lovely marble bathroom. The bed was very comfortable, and the compartmentalized closet made it easy for us to keep all of our clothing organized. The location can't be beat for tourist activities - great shopping across the street with Harvey Nichols and Harrod's, as well as Sloane St., and walking distance to Buckingham Palace and of course Hyde Park. Continental breakfast was included in our rate, and was a pleasure to wake up to each morning - the room service staff was so friendly and thoughtful. The room was expensive, but London is an expensive city. There is also construction going on next door, which did not disturb us, but made crossing the street an exciting challenge.	
Jan 27 2008 	Great hotel great serice and great spa treatments!	I walked in to the hotel when in London for a business meeting a few weeks back and booked a one night urban spa package as a gift for myself and my wife. The deal was not &quot;cheap&quot; but good value for money for what turned out to be a premium service. The service was excellent from everyone who we met in the hotel, efficient but not OTT. The Mandarin Bar for pre-dinner drinks was packed including a TV personality (Strickly Come Dancing) or two.The room (Courtyard) was clean and had everything that we needed ... including the huge bed!On Sunday morning we both had treatments in the Spa from Kate who was excellent! I have travelled the world on business and had many massages in top hotels, but this has to be one of the best massages I have had.We will be back again.	
Jan 10 2008 	All we hoped for and more	We were thoroughly impressed with everything about this hotel. We always stay in high end 4* or 5* hotels and have travelled quite extensively. We don't however consider ourselves the &quot;typical&quot; clientelle of an establishment like this and so we're always interested to see whether this will influence the treatment we receive. We felt that we were treated brilliantly and this was undoubtedly the best hotel we have ever stayed in. We knew we were booking a room facing the inner courtyard. This wasn't a pretty view but it was fine for one night and we were forewarned when we booked where the room was located. We were also happy with the reasonably moderate rate we paid through booking by phone direct with the hotel which was better than the internet rate. From the moment our luggage was retrieved from our cab until it was put back in the cab on our departure, we were attended to with the utmost courtesy and professionalism by every member of staff. We were escorted to our room which we felt was a nice touch which expedited our check-in in more comfortable surroundings. Our room was beautifully classic and wonderfully clean and comfortable; the bed was superb. Staff we keen to help and very friendly, happy to share a few words and the odd joke without being intrusive. Dinner in The Foliage was enjoyable but lacked the glamour and wow factor of Claridges or The Connaught. That said, the bar had a great vibe and the staff there were really friendly and attentive and great for recommending cocktails to help the evening along! Breakfast was superb as was the location of the hotel and we really couldn't fault the place. One night felt like a real break and we were thoroughly relaxed at the end of our stay. I would wholeheartedly recommend the Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park.	
Dec 2 2007 	Great service lovely room:Mandarin is the best!	We have stayed here over the years several times and I think it is the best in London..Great location: Harrods and Harvey Nichols are at walking distanceThe Mandarin bar is lovely and there is always something going on..The service is great..the rooms spacious and perfect..and their marmelade is the best in the world! With roomservice we had chicken tandoori and it was yummy!I now have the adress so I can get it at home and when I eat toast with Marmmelade I think back at the time in the Mandarin London!We also eat in the restaurants and it was always very nice!	
Nov 27 2007 	Pricey but worth it	This might be one of the nicest hotels i have ever stayed. The location is great, it is across the street from the knightsbridge tube stop. The rooms are the definition of posh. The bar is amazing. The gym is very nice. Basically, if i could be there right now, i would. Do yourself a favor, and book a stay here. Treat yourself to a weekend...and you won't regret it.	
Nov 11 2007 	Great Location but strange ideas on customer service	We stayed at the MOHP for one night for my 30th birthday. It was a lovely looking hotel in the centre of Knightsbridge, just opposite Harvey Nic's and a few minutes from Harrods. We had booked the hotel online on the hotel's own website and in order to secure the booking we had to give our credit card number as normal. When we arrived at the hotel we checked in at the reception and then were shown to our room by a member of staff....the man comes INTO the room with us and tells my husband to take a seat whereby he presents us with our booking details to &quot;check over&quot;. He then asks to see my husbands credit card and takes down the details - we found this awfully strange as we had already given c/card at time of booking and were made to feel as though they wanted to make double sure we were'nt going to leave without paying or something. Also, having just arrived we wanted to change, wash etc so we could have time for a bit of shopping but instead had to wait for this strange man to leave our room!!Eventually we were left in peace and the room was lovely and very well equipped with the exception of no tea/coffee making facilities which i thought was a bit of a shame. Also in the morning there was no hot water for a shower - something you kind of expect in ANY hotel let alone like this. On the plus side we had an exceptional meal in the Folige - which really was faultless in every respect. After our meal we went to the mandarin bar for few drinks and were pleasantly surprised that they had a live jazz band and the place had a great atmosphere and great service. When we checked out of the hotel the next morning again we were made to feel uncomfortable. The receptionist asked if everything was ok and i said yes and commented on how lovely our meal was in Foliage. She then procceeded re-checked our bill and said &quot;oh i just want to check something with Foliage and dialled throgh to speak to someone. I pointed out that we had paid for the meal at the end of the meal and not charged to the room wondering if thats what she was checking. And she still continued to phone through and &quot;double check&quot; this was actually true. She was obviously having dufficulty getting to speak to someone as we were made to wait for quite a few minutes before she eventually gave up and decided to take our word for it. Overall we spent about £700 on a meal and 1 nights accomodation at thiis hotel and yet we left feeling uncomfortable and embarassed about being made to stand there while the receptionist was basically checking we were not criminals. It was a nice hotel in a great location but honestly i would not stay there again nor recommend it to friends after our experiences.	
Oct 27 2007 	Hmmm...	I stayed here on a business trip. First impressions were not great as the doorman was nowhere in sight when my cab arrived so i lugged my bag in myself. While some people might like the fact that the reception person comes with you to your room to get the forms signed etc (I presume this is usual?) i didn't. A nice touch though was that a complimentary tray of coffee and biscuits was sent to the room after my arrival (which had been early morning following an overnight flight).I found the room somewhat stuffy - i usually like a classical theme but it somehow didn't work for me. I had no view of anything except concrete, and I didn't like the fact that I didn't have a separate shower. There was also a lot of noise from the passage. On the other hand, the amenities were good, i liked the complimentary bottles of water and apple juice, toiletry/vanity stuff of expected quality etc.All in all I had a pleasant enough stay here, but felt it didn't quite live up to what I would have expected - the Mandarin in NYC was much nicer I thought.	
Oct 10 2007	very rude	from the first moment of our arrival to this hotel me and my friend didnt have any assistant with our expesive lugguge dropped in the street by the taxi and we had to go in the hotel to search for someone to pick the bags off the street!!! .......the staff was very rude and in same day after we went out and came back i forgot the number of our room and went to the reseption to ask for help and the showed them our key but the man behind the desk treated us like the very likes of thiefs and ask for our passports for ID which i told him are in the room safe and he ascorted us back to our room without even helping us with our bags of shopping and waited outside the room until i opened the safe and demanded to see my picture!!!!!!!! needless to say i canceled our remaining stay with the hotel and checked in with a near by classier hotel.	
Sep 19 2007 	Terrible experience	I stayed in many hotels around the world, but this one was without doubt the worse hotel i've stayed at. I stayed there for 3 nights, in the smallest room i've ever seen, even a hostel room would be larger. The room had a tiny window overlooking the wall of the opposite building. The furniture in room was at least 20 years old. I don't think that is worth $600 a night. The staff were snobish and some of them even rude, maybe because i am not one of the celebrities they are used to see.The Mandarin hotel in London is the worst value for money hotel. I think it got the reputation as some celebrities stay there, and that is why they are charging high rates. And the most upseting thing is that the bar manager in hotel is homosexual and started hitting on my 15 years old son, when i asked to talk to the general manager, he apologised and offered me a glass of orange juice ( on the house).Conclusion; i will never return to this hotel even if i was offered free nights there. And i would never recomend this hotel to anyone, not even my enemies.	
Sep 11 2007 	save your money!	I made my reservations through Centurion American Express as it is said to be one of their best London properties through the Fine Hotels &amp; Resorts Program. My wife and I travel a great deal and are always prepared to pay for a 5+ star hotel as the service and experiance usually go hand-and-hand with the price one expects to pay...not here. You will pay but won't receive the according service or experiance. This hotel clearly is ridding on their name plate, location, and former laurels. I love London and would recommend so many other fine hotels (41, Covent Garden) but recomend saving your money as I wouldn't stay here again at any price. Sevice - rude, arrogant, disinterested: rooms - in need of total refurbishment, bathrooms stark, old, awful layout &amp; design: F&amp;B - better anywhere outside of hotel as London has some of the best food finds around these days. Mandarin London wants to be the Mandarin Miami when it grows up (but seemingly won't).	
Aug 19 2007 	Not thrilled	Having not been to London in years I painstakingly researched my top choices: the Lanesborough, Dorchester, and Mandarin. I ended up booking a junior suite at the Madarin after numerous recommendations raving about its location, service, etc. Many people discouraged the Lanesborough saying it was too stuffy. Others discouraged the Dorchester citing an inferior location, to which I somewhat agree after walking over there-but to me it was splitting hairs, sort of like comparing different locations in midtown manhattan-all three were within walking distance. However, I was so dissappointed in the room at the Mandarin that I checked out after the first night. It was so old and creaky that it just felt dirty and old. The hallways felt dark and dingy as well. The bathroom was so antiquated, with a little plastic fan cut into the window and an old iron tub with a shower curtain that leaked water all over the floor. So I went to the Lanesborough and was much happier. While it is very quiet and formal, the rooms and baths seem new and fresh. To be realistic and fair, The Mandarin was built literally in the 1800's and it feels like it, so if that's what you want just beware. The lanesborugh, while in an old building was basically rebuilt new on the inside in the mid 1990's so you'll get a room and bath 100 years younger!	
Aug 14 2007 	Bit disappointing given the price	I have wanted to stay at this hotel for years so when my husband arranged a stay here for our wedding anniversary I was really excited. There are lots of positives to this hotel, for example the location, the concierge, the stunning building and the lively bar which mixed us some great cocktails.The initial confusion over our booking by the reception, the forgotten and late orders, patchy service and additional charge per person for the spa which doesn't have a swimming pool were disappointing though given the overall cost and reputation of this hotel. The bedroom itself was beautifully decorated with all the amenties you could want. However, even by London hotel room standards, it was very small and the park view was almost entirely obscured by the chimneys that were directly in front of our small window.Overall I'm really pleased I finally got to stay here but would rather go back to somewhere like Claridges or The Dorchester - both of which still have the edge on this hotel.	
Aug 2 2007 	Disappointed..... Jenni from CalIfornia	Had a girls weekend at the hotel in June this year. Great location. Totally FANTASTIC SPA. BUT some of the staff where appalling notably in the BAR - RUDE, OBNOXIOUS and no courtesy. Not what we were expecting!! They really let down the rest of the hotel. Next trip over we will be staying at Claridges!	
Jul 3 2007 	5* Luxury	Excellent location in Knightsbridge, opposite Harvey Nichols department store and Knightsbridge tube station. 2 min walk to Harrods and boutiques of Sloane Street, perfect location for shopping.Hotel itself is really luxurious, excellent service and food, I would recommend the restaurant for both breakfast and dinner. Nice spa &amp; gym, all staff were extremely helpful. I booked a single room but it was really spacious with King size bed, I would definately return.	
Jun 26 2007 	Emerging problems	The Mandarin chain acquired this property from Trust House Forte around five years ago. They made some super improvements, including carving up the old ballroom-style restaurant into two high quality eating places plus a very hip and active bar. All the bedrooms were also refreshed.The standard bedrooms here are good value by London five star hotel standards. The rooms are spacious and very well soundproofed. I especially like the fact that each room has a small hallway from which separate doors lead to the bedroom and the bathroom.A new general manager arrived a year or so ago and there is evidence that a few problems are now emerging, mainly in relation to personnel.Two examples from a recent trip. Flying transatlantic overnight, I booked a two night stay so that I could guarantee access to my room around 7:45am, shower and meet a colleague for an 8:15 breakfast in the restaurant. When I arrived, I discovered that my room was not available ie it had been sold twice, once to me, once to a second person who had presumably promised to check out early but hadn't checked out early enough. Since the hotel was full, I was invited to use the shower in the basement spa to get ready for my meeting.Arriving in the breakfast room, supposedly one of the prominent power breakfast venues in London, I found my colleague comfortably seated. All seemed well until two Chinese children totally lacking in discipline showed up with a useless English nanny at an adjacent table. Who was the clever maitre d' who planned that seating arrangement?I have had good luck at this hotel over the years but I'm now thinking I'll switch to Claridges.	
Jun 26 2007 	stable all-round performance	Stayed for seven nights. It was a good experience but some negatives as well. Arrival:Doorman opened the car door and took care of my stuff. Check-in was done in my room which I liked. Very good staff. All very good. Room:The room was a standard on the 8th floor. Overlooking hyde park but as the window is small the views are not really there. Style is typical traditional british. Room on the small side and had an interconnector door which I don't like and made it feel like the bedroom of a larger suite rather than a room in its own right. It was obvious that this was not one of the better rooms, but I stupidly did not ask if I could see any other available rooms and don't know how they would react to this. Room service:Very good, they managed to dry clean a suit overnight. In-room dining menu is massive, even for the 24hrs section. Had some good dumplings at 3am which helped cure my jetlag. food consistently good and service prompt.Bar:open until 3am and always has a great buzz. Good service. I actually went here a lot when I used to live in London, its that good. Check-out:Asked for a late check-out the day before departure and they responded with a smile and told me I could stay until 4pm. That made me very happy. Negatives:It is now nearly impossible to get to the hotel on foot. I risked my life every morning crossing the street!There is no area to sit for just a quiet coffee and a snack. Its either full-on in the bar or your room.	
Jun 4 2007 	My Favourite Hotel in the World!	This was our fourth visit to the Mandarin Oriental in two years and once again, it lived up to every excpectation we had.The location is FAB, opposite Harvey Nichols and Harrods and with Hyde Park behind it..The rooms are gorgeous, the bed linen divine, the staff so friendly and completely unstuffy. The food is wonderful and the bar is buzzing at night. The Spa is beautiful and the treatments heavenly.OK, so its not cheap but if you want 5 Star luxury and oppulent surroundings with friendly staff that fall over themselves to be helpful - this is it! They didn't even turn there noses up at us in our jeans and trainers.I want to retire their in a suite!	
Apr 16 2007 	A really great base hotel in the middle of everything!	I was a little bit concerned after booking this hotel for the following reason.Immediately after booking this hotel back in February I read an article in the paper, I think it was in the Mail or the express, and it was about a couple from the U.S who had been infested with bed bugs when occupying a room at this hotel!Yes, a five star hotel with bed bugs! I couldn’t believe it, but after calling the hotel and double checking that there was no problems with “Bed Bugs” I was satisfied that any problem in the past was certainly not there now.Phew!!! Thank goodness!This hotel was beautiful. I really loved it. This was the first time I had stayed in a Mandarin Oriental hotel and I loved it so much, I’ve booked to go to the Mandarin hotel in NYC later this month. It had everything a 5* hotel should have. Beautiful rooms, a fantastic SPA, luxurious amenities although the room service was something to be desired. When in London there are so many restaurants, I felt silly afterwards for paying so much for the convenience of room service when I would have had a far better meal for a fraction of the price just down the road at the Pizza Express. Either way, I loved this hotel and will definitely be returning.	
Apr 10 2007 	Disappointing	Disappointing for a Mandarin Oriental. Relatively poor service, uninspiring decor and amenities. OK location.	
Apr 9 2007 	Disappointing staff	As many of you know, this hotel chain prides itself on its excellent service. Well, my husband and I stayed at this property for 3 nights in March/April 2007 and I have to say, the staff were ... cool towards us. Perhaps because we don't 'look' like the average hotel guest (either with extreme business suits and cigars or draped in pearls to the floor), or maybe the staff think themselves 'above' most people. Whatever their reasons, many of staff in this property were non-responsive, somewhat judgemental in their attitude or simply cool towards certain guests. Unlike the Four Seasons hotel down the street - staff there were simply amazing. A consistent character of the Four Seasons. Now we know better and probably will not stay at this property again.Andre Goh	
Apr 3 2007 	An Enjoyable Stay at the Mandarin	We booked a night at the Mandarin as we were particularly keen to eatat Foliage. We were also taking in the Matinee performance of a show and the hotel is obviously conveniently situated for the West-end.We arrived around 11.30 and our room was available. We received a complimentary cup of coffee on arrival which was a nice touch. The room itself was a Courtyard Queen which is one of the smaller rooms in the hotel and one which doesn't command any sort of view, but it was perfectly adequate for our needs on this particular occasion.Before eating, we visited the Mandarin Cocktail Bar which at 7pm on a Saturday evening was getting into full swing and has a dizzying array of cocktails to choose from. It was then time to walk through to Foliage where we opted to try the tasting menu.The food was, by and large, what one would expect from a Restaurant hoping to obtain its second Michelin Star this year. Only one course,the Foie Gras, left us feeling a little disappointed. The service really was excellent...the staff were friendly and helpful without being too obtrusive.The big disappointment has to be the decor. This has a rather outdated and spartan feel to it which rather reminded us of a works canteen. This does rather detract from the whole experience.Having stayed at the Berkeley and eaten at Petrus six months previously, we tried to draw comparisons and decided that there is very little to choose between the two. Maybe the Mandarin has the slight edge when it comes to service and the quality of the food at Foliage was slightly superior to Petrus on this occasion but then perhaps your money goes a little further in terms of accommodation at the Berkeley.In conclusion, our stay was very enjoyable and lived up to our expectations but we would strongly suggest that it is time for Foliage to have a makeover.	
Mar 27 2007	OK. not great	You are impressed by the hotel if you used to always staying in cheaphotels.If you want spend £500 per night as birth day treat go to Dorchester. After you stay at quality hotel you laugh at thought Mandarin isspecial. If you pay ten times the price you should get tentimes quality. Mandarin hyde park no better than three stars. it should not charge more than £120 each person each night. It is ok and better than cheapest hotel in london. Do not understand anyone think it is better than cheap hotel. The person in chrge must markethotel at people who do not know any better. People who stays in london hotel on regular basis knows mandarin london is no good. I stay at mandarin london for work and i hate it	
Feb 23 2007 	Fan B Tastic...	I took my girlfriend for her birthday and staff went out of their way to make us feel like the Royalty I suspect they are more used to having to stay. Champagne, chocolate cake, rose petals on our pillows! The girlfriend loved it, and we both loved the fact that the hotel was in a beautiful old historic building rather than a modern monstrosity. Our room looked out over Hyde Park so we felt like we were staying in the countryside. You might not know they have a Michelin starred restaurant (Foliage)….all I can say is the food alone was worth making the journey to London for. The girlfriend doesn’t know it but we’ll be coming back here for our wedding night!	
Feb 19 2007 	Fabulous!	The hotel was lovely, room was large, staff very helpful, location excellent. Room rates and food /bar prices are a bit pricey but if you want to be spoiled rotten, this is the place! Faultless service throughout with many thoughtful little touches. Simply fantastic!	
Jan 16 2007 	WHAT A DUMP!!!	Why has this hotel got 5 stars? It is rubbish! Wish I had read the reviews on this site before I booked. Staff are a waste of space. Door-man stood and watched me struggle up a flight of steps with all my cases. Didn't offer to help. None of the facilities you would normally get at a 5 star hotel. Everything in the place is dirty and worn out. Bath had a tide mark in it. Shower leaked all over the place. TV didn't work properly. Windows dirty. Room service never turned up. Air-con not working. Hasn't even got a reception area or guest lounge so friends could not meet me at the hotel. Tried to charge me for using the mini bar when I hadn't. Had booked for 7 nights but left after 2. Ruined my trip to London. Don't throw your money away.	
Dec 21 2006 	very good hotel	luxury hotel, nice staff.	
Nov 16 2006 	The worst experience I have ever had at a hotel	We decided to stay at the Mandarin Oriental in London because we had heard good things about it. What a disappointment. It has a thin veneer which appears luxurious and welcoming but our experience there was no better than that we might receive at a motel, in fact it was worse. Our room was run-down and faced onto a building site which had pneumatic drills going all day, our towels were not changed and the furniture was very badly damaged. Some of the staff were very friendly and professional but, in general, they were ignorant and rude. We were constantly interrogated as to whether or not we were guests of the hotel if we dared to use any of the public areas and random charges were applied to use facilities that we had already paid for. Charges, I might add, that were sporadic and illogical. Within minutes of entering the bar, just after we first arrived, we faced a public grilling from the 'security' staff. This made us decide not to use any of the facilities at the hotel if we could possibly avoid it (having already unpacked and being on a tight schedule we were unable to simply change hotels). We even went out for breakfast rather than be embarrassed by the behaviour of the hotel staff. On our last night we decided to meet some other (more regular) guests in the bar (the hotel does not have a lounge) but were told the bar was full and we could not go in. An acceptable reason you might think but we were then told that we could go in if we paid a cover charge. Obviously this is a new meaning of the word ‘full’ that I was not previously aware of. This charge clearly did not apply to all customers so we called the manager of the hotel to complain. He confirmed our suspicion that the charge applied to non-residents, as is common practice on busy evenings. Having stayed in high quality hotels before, I would have expected this misunderstanding to be dealt with swiftly and discreetly. Unfortunately, we had to suffer the spectacle of a heated debate between the manager of the hotel and the bar manager and we were STILL told that there was a cover charge. I didn't begrudge the nominal fee they were demanding but I did begrudge the fact that the fee was applied so randomly. I will point out that I was asked three more times if I was prepared to pay the charge, once in front of our friends who, as regular guests, seemed to be even more embarrassed than us. I’m still at a loss as what these random charges and impertinent outbursts are designed to achieve. The hotel certainly wasn’t making much of a profit out of them and they didn’t seem to prevent anyone from entering the bar which was ‘full’. If they were attempting to appear exclusive they overestimate the standard of their bar. Although the bar staff themselves were clearly hard working and conscientious, we had to wait far too long to be served. On each occasion that we were treated in such an appalling manner, we remained polite and composed but the staff seemed to take pleasure in resenting their guests and disregarding our concerns. The pathetic excuses they gave us beggar belief. We have stayed in numerous luxury hotels around the world and have never before been told, “We have to keep asking if you are guests because the wrong people can damage the reputation of the hotel”. The outrageous nature of that comment aside, I couldn’t give two hoots about the commercial interests of a hotel that I am paying £400 a night to stay in. Apparently, guests are expected to provide free training on customer relations too. As I informed the 'security' staff on numerous occasions during our stay, ANY complaint can damage the reputation of a hotel. I might have been able to stomach the constant suspicion if I was not staying at a hotel that uses the words ‘opulent’, ‘chic’ and ‘superb’ to describe itself. The service certainly does have a “style of its own” though. We were bewildered by the whole experience until we discovered that several ‘celebrities’ were staying at the hotel while we were there. Apparently, because my personal wealth and success is not regularly publicised in the tabloids, my custom was not worth retaining. Incredible when I consider that the amount of money we gave to their competitors was almost 3 times what we paid for the room. But money isn’t the issue. It would be shallow to just bemoan the fact that I was treated badly even though I am wealthy. I make a point of never beginning a complaint with the phrase &quot;don't you know who I am?&quot; because that is simply not relevant. The truth is that EVERY guest should be treated with courtesy and respect no matter how often they appear on the television. The fact that I should even have to point out this basic principle of hospitality takes my breath away. The hotel's choice to make non-celebrity guests feel unwelcome was at best a commercial blunder, at worst ugly discrimination.Needless to say we will not be staying at this poor imitation of a luxury hotel again. I only wish I had packed my bags before staying one night.	
Nov 12 2006 	Unlike other MO's a 7 on 10 max	Hi,Having stayed at different Mandarin Oriental Hotels around the world, I always judge them versus the one in NYC, which is my benchmark, so 10/10.The MO London scores a 7/10 max based on my recent week-end stay.The plus:staff is friendlylocation is goodthe spa is fabulousfood is goodThe minus:the rooms are outdated (malfunctioning and noisy airco, worn out carpets, cabinets etc., not a separate shower, not a separate toilet etc.)I ordered a wine in the bar and it was bad (and I expect in a 5* hotel that they taste their wines before pouring them)issues with my check-in (their system didn't show I had breakfast included, they didn't manage to open my room door for 30 minutes,...)The conclusion:book it if someone else is paying it, or if you manage to get hold of a big promotion. Alternatively, think of The Mayfair, One Aldwych,...	
Nov 4 2006 	Go on - treat yourself	We booked in for a treat for one night (friend was having a party in the ballroom) and to be honest we were not expecting to get our money's worth. We were definitely prepared to be disappointed. Well - we were bowled over by the experience and are definitely going to come again. Great attentive staff, room was medium sized but perfect. The breakfast was phenomenal, hordes of waiters and not a buffet table in sight. Harvey Nicks on one side, and Hyde Park for a Sunday morning stroll on the other. Every other hotel we have stayed in now seems like a pale cheap attempt to recreate some aspects of this experience!	
Sep 19 2006 	Wonderful Staff	My husband and I booked into the hotel for one night only and were treated wonderfully by the staff. I love the way you are checked in in your room, the mini bar was lovely and even the toothpaste glasses were cut crystal. After going to the bar in the afternoon, the bar manager then remembered the following day what we had to drink, all of the staff were very friendly and helpful and could not do enough to help. The drinks in the bar were expensive - £8.50 for a glass of wine and the bar was very busy on the Saturday evening. My only complaint would be that there did not appear to be a residents lounge where you could sit and have a cup of tea or coffee, but I would definetly stay again.	
Sep 16 2006 	Worth the every cent!	We were a friends and family group of 5 women, and 3 young little girls! 8 miami women off in London for the first time! We booked two connecting rooms for a good deal through AMEX. Let me tell you the rooms were impeccable and HUGE!!! The bathtub was incredible, especially when you add the blue soaking salts provided! Let me say the GREATEST thing about this hotel is the location (very close to Harrods and right behind is Hyde Park) and The SERVICE!!! The staff is EXTREMELY friendly and very very helpful!!! Thank you Mandarin!We even crossed paths with Pierce Brosnan at the elevator!!!	
Aug 12 2006	This is the best hotel I've ever stayed in.	I cannot say enough about how great this hotel is. It's fabulous! It's extremenly expensive, but if you're going to splurge, go for it. Wonderful service, beautiful rooms, gorgeous building, excellent food. It is an exceptional place.	
Jul 30 2006	Wonderful Hotel!	This was definitely a top-notch hotel! We stayed in one of the suites that overlooked Harvey Nichols department store. This area (Knightsbridge) is very nice and has many classy shops and restaurants. The room was spectacular and the customer service was excellent! It was a pretty expensive place, but worth it if you have the money.	
May 15 2006	you get a lot more than you see!	I have just spent a glorious few days at the mandarin. Absolutely brilliantly located in central London ,next to all the places that are must be's when in london (Harrods ,Harvey knicks and a million very very trendy bars and eating places)....but than the Hotel : a great welcome ,a more than brilliant Spa (had heavy jet lag was gone in minutes) , a very good and long stay at the bar which has alll you want from a really good hotel : great company , a enormous amounbt of weird mixes and a colour scheme to make you forget the braincells you are burning.We had a super lunch and diner in the park view restaurant ,with good advise from the staff and nice wines ....try this place . if yoyu are going to spend the money this is the way to travel!!!	
Feb 21 2006 	Great personalized service	I have stayed at many hotels in London, including the Berkeley, the Four Seasons, and the Dorchester. My favorite is the Hyde Park. The service is excellent. The concierge desk, which I have used many times for business reasons, dinner reservations, difficult to get tickets to hot shows, even cold medicine late at night, is the best with Gerard, Luigi, Francois, Matt and Nicolo all doing a great job at all times. The bar is not as well run as it was several years ago when it had a different manager - Philippe - who has since left to run a private club.The rooms are comfortable but are not the reason to stay. It is the impeccable service and attention to detail.	
Feb 21 2006	Great service fantastic breakfast	I booked this hotel as a surprise for my husband. After reading some of the reviews here I was worried it would not be as excellent as their website. We were not disappointed. As soon as we drove up to it with their prime location opposite Harvey Nichols we could see red banner flags and loads of twinkling lights hanging from the balconies. The door handle was impressive, gold and massive and the steps up to the reception wonderful. There were two chairs and a real fire which felt really welcoming. Reception was off to the left (not very obvious) and we were checked in very quickly without being asked to sign anything or give a credit card. We were shown to our room on the 7th floor and had the internet connection explained to us. We then signed and did the credit card thing in the room itself - much nicer. It was a &quot;courtyard&quot; room, the basic standard which cost £249 a night at a weekend which is very reasonable for a 5 star hotel in London. There was no view but there was a small hallway giving the impression of having a suite then the bedroom to the right with the biggest bed I have ever seen. It was incredibly comfortable with soft pillows and throw pillows. The TV had a large selection of channels, many of them in Arabic. I have never seen such a large room service menu. It went on and on and the breakfasts took up about 10 pages. Granted none of the room service items were cheap but there are many 24 hour eating places near Knightsbridge so it really is up to you. They did a Japanese breakfast, a Champagne breakfast (with steak)...The bathroom was lovely with a large towel rack which you could control the temperature of. There were plenty of large fluffy towels, a b-day, a toilet, large sink area with mirror and shaving mirror. There was a basket containing: shoe mitt, nail care set, shower cap, Penhaligons body lotion, shampoo, conditioner and body wash. Would have been nice to have some bubble bath but can't have everything! There was a box of tissues and bath salts. The bath was quite disappointing in that it didn't feel like a full size bath and the shower was over it. I really do prefer separate shower and bath but the water pressure was great and you could listen to music in the bath. Under the TV was a CD player/radio. There were no CD's but we listened to the radio, and you could switch to listen to it in the bathroom too - great for getting ready. We asked for an iron and ironing board to be sent up to our room and it arrived in 45 minutes. There was a hairdryer in the wardrobe but it had a very short flex and was difficult to control as the only place to plug it in was at the desk and the flex kept knocking the phone off the hook. There were some chocolates in a box from L'Artisan du Chocolat (the posh chocolate shop in Chelsea). The wardrobe was massive with loads and loads of storage space with real heavy wooden hangers.The mini bar was more than a mini bar. It was a shop! It had the usual selection of spirits and soft drinks in a fridge but the whole thing was built into a large cabinet which turned into a bar, the bottom drawer contained a range of crystal glasses and openers in velvet, there was another drawer containing the non fridge drinks such as red wine and whiskies. There were other items such as: Teddy bear, london taxi, london bus, golf balls, emergency kit with condoms, tampons etc, crisps, nuts (in very expensive tubes!) I've never seen anything like it, spent a good five minutes having a look through it!Doorman very friendly and good at getting you into taxis. We returned from our meal and had a drink at the Mandarin bar. Lovely bar which seems to operate like this: You ask for a drink from the beautiful bar staff - they phone the actual bar staff and eventually they make your drink and pass it to the bar staff and then to you - seems a bit long winded but drinks were lovely and not overly priced (£12 for a double G&amp;T and a diet coke). It was not a friendly bar and would not like to come on my own as it was very obvious who was not with a group.Our room had been turned down with slippers and bottles of Hildon mineral water being added to the room and the throw cushions put away in the wardrobe. In the morning the Independent on Sunday was put into a holder on our door.Breakfast was a sumptious affair with it being included in the price of the room at the weekends (otherwise is £25 a head). We had freshly squeezed orange juice, fresh berries, a selection of pastries, kippers, a choice of teas and coffees, cereals and anything else you wanted. It was not self-serve so was all brought to your table freshly prepared. It certainly set us up for our Sunday!I would definitely stay here again - service was constant but not obtrusive, not the swankiest hotel I've ever stayed in (Malmaison Oxford or the Ritz London get's that vote) but certainly the best.After getting home I got a letter saying that I had not paid for my mini bar purchase which I clearly had done and had the bill to say so. I called and asked them to refund me and to ask why they had not checked before sending out a letter basically accusing me of stealing – they only apologised and said they would refund it. Left a little bit of a bad taste in my mouth after such a lovely stay.	
Jan 20 2006 	Overpriced tired and behind the competition..	I stayed at this hotel for one night during a recent business trip. I stay in London 2 or 3 times each year and stay at a different hotel on each occasion. I have also stayed at several Mandarin properties before and found them to be excellent, this one however is not.The room was a standard room, and that is the best description one could give for it. The television cabinet has a huge television but below where there appears once to have been a video now only has a view of a pile of cables. When sitting in your bed this is what you look at.In the bathroom housekeeping and maintenance was very poor. The shower head had not been descaled and neither had the marble tiles around the bath. The grouting was missing in many places and the paintwork was badly chipped.As for the service this was generally ok, but the complimentary coffee never arrived and when coming back to the hotel was greeted by a delegation of security people. I walked over to the lift that was at the ground floor only to be told to use another lift by two hotel staff who obviously were holding it for someone more important than me!However my patience for this overpriced hotel ran out when charged £27 for a sandwhich and a diet coke. The Coke was £6. I accept that you have to pay a premium for London hotels but this kind of pricing leaves you with a very sick feeling of being ripped off.With breakfast and parking, one nights acoomodation came to £450. I wanted to enjoy this hotel, but left feeling that there are better hotels, with friendlier staff, better maintained rooms and overall enjoyment for less in London.	
Dec 30 2005	Great Great Great	Great hotel in a perfect location. We also ate in the hotel restaurant which was consistently excellent. You should definately treat yourself to a cocktail in the Mandarin bar. Will definately be back.	
Dec 24 2005	Bad hotel!!!!	i stay on this hotel from 19 to 21 december 2005 , but we have some problem. For sirst the room (suite knistbridge suite 1500 euro for night!!) is not clear inside (bathrooms). In the mornig in the room is possible many vibrations ( i don't know why??!!) but is very fastidius , really.when i coming in the room many amenities pubblicity on reservation is not coming.&quot;i'm sorry but is nt possible speacking with general manger&quot; is the respons of the reception.... ( i think is incredible!!)in finally , is not a 5 stars hotel, i compare a 4 or 3 stars.the only goods serviece is the doorman outside the hotel , very quikly and smile man.i'm sorry, because the hotel is a nice position.but nont coming again ...	
Nov 12 2005	Consistently Superb Hotel	I have stayed at The Hyde Park for over 20 years when traveling to London. Since the aquisiton of the hotel by Mandarin, it has been a steady rise to the pinnacle of London's elite hotels.I marvel at the superb restaurants which never fail to please and the spa which is an absolute wonder in London. Staff are absolutely the best and the concierge staff unequalled in the city. Rooms are exceptional with terrific audio/video capabilities and the high speed is a life saver. The bar at the Mandarin is absolutly tops in the city. Locals enjoy it as well as travelers and the crowd is actually quite friendly. I particularly like the proximity to the Tube, Sloane Street, Harvey Nicks and of course Hyde Park which is a treat. Winter is one of my favorite seasons in London and the hotel is both festive and uplifting during the Holidays. I have stayed in a number of five star hotels in London, but the Hyde Park is where I shall stay forever more.	
Oct 6 2005	Best Location in London	This was my fourth stay at the Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park. The hotel was sold out so I was given an interior room rather than a view of Knightsbridge. While there was no view (the window only opened a few inches) the room was still pleasant with a King bed, ample storage and an elegant decor. The best reason to stay here is the location--the finest in London--great for shopping but close enough to the West End theatres. Service at the hotel is pleasant--even with the very high occupancy. The Bar is a scene best enjoyed by those under 25 years of age--but the Park Restaurant is quite pleasant.	
Aug 22 2005	A Professional 	A wonderful location with exceptional service and friendly staff. A shame they do not have a pool and they definitely need air-conditioning in their bar at night....great if you enjoy a cigar, however.Both the restaurants are excellent and their pricing very competitive.	
Jul 18 2005	Great hotel	Just returned from a three-week family vacation that ended with five days at The Mandarin Oriental. We had four Knights-bridge rooms and we all had a great time. All of our rooms were on the 9th floor, and all of the rooms were different. We enjoyed our views, decor, and baths. All baths were large with seperate showers and tubs. The fabrics were beautiful and I loved the Irish linen sheets. The only complaint was that two of our rooms were on the buildings end and were much smaller and plainer than the other two, though they were all priced the same.The help could not have been more pleasant. My husband and I have four young children and my sister-in-law has three, but the hotel went out of its way to assure our stay was effortless. All day long, the resteraunt filled milk bottles for free! The food was great, even to my picky five and seven year olds. Unfortunately, we were in London for the terrorist attacks; the staff at the hotel made us comfortable, explained everything as it was occuring, and brought a sense of service and comfort to a terrifying day.The hotel's location could not be better for sight seeing and shopping. I would stay in this hotel again at any time.	
Jul 10 2005	Great hotel great location	My boyfriend and I just returned from a 6 night stay at this hotel. The location is outstanding and the staff were very accomodating and helpful. Considering that we were there at the time of the recent bombings and it was somewhat chaotic, I was even more impressed by their organization and helpfulness with us as well as many other guests updating accomodations. (we had to stay an extra night as we were not able to get out of the city - they also phoned our hotel in paris to let them know what was going on, as we were supposed to leave the hotel to stay in paris for a few days) The hotel is beautiful and our room a very decent size, considering european standards. We also slept soundly as our room was very quite on the 8th floor. We will defiintely stay here again.	
Jun 30 2005	loved this hotel and location	we stayed with our three children for two nights and were extremely impressed! The check in was efficient.They had our adjoining rooms available which is never a guarantee at any hotel.Our rooms were large and spacious. Our roll away was delivered and still left us with plenty of room compared to european standards. The staff was friendly and helpful and our floor concierge left each child a gift pack on their beds as a welcome gift. The kids loved this and that alone made their stay. We were 1 block from harrods and close enough to Buckingham Palace. The best was being right on top of the Knightsbridge tube. The price was well worth the stay and a lot cheaper than the other five star hotels. I need to add that i am a travel agent and did not receive any deal or benefit as they did not know my business.	
Jun 28 2005 	Mixed reviews	Stayed at the Mandarin Oriental three times over the past year, generally for a week at a time. Overall I like the hotel but am not particularly wedded to it and am trying another hotel for the trip I am taking next week. The hotel has an aging dowager appearance to it in the wear and tear of its furnishings. Rooms are spotless and the help is extremely attentive. Each room is configured a bit differently but the bathrooms generally (possibly all) have a shared tub / shower combination which is not my favorite. The rooms are well upholstered with beautiful fabrics and draperies, but the furniture itself shows signs of age. For example not all the cabinet doors fit squarely and can be hard to open and close - maybe that goes with the territory. Also, the rooms can be quite warm and stuffy forcing you to open the windows, which lets in the city noise. What I found particularly bothersome what that the room lighting can be rather dim. We actually requested extra lamps to brighten up the rooms a bit. The bar is quite a scene and very active into the late nights with an attractive crowd, lots of cigarette smoke, and can get quite loud. Try to get a room above the second floor to insulate yourself from any ambient noise. The restaurants are outstanding with a very creative kitchen cooking in a few different motifs (new British, Chinese, Indian, Italian) So navigating the menu can take some time. Also it is quite expensive so plan accordingly. Breakfasts are enormous, and watching the horseback riders and dog walkers in Hyde Park from the restaurant in the mornings is great fun.	
Feb 1 2005 	Mandarin Oriental London - Hip Hop "Thug Boy" Central !!!	Stayed at the Mandarin for one night because wonderful The Lanesbourough (where I stayed for 5 nights, see my review) was completely oversold for the add'l night I requested.. The Mandarin was &quot;created&quot; from the old, doudy Hyde Park Hotel, and it shows.... The executive room booked was of decent size, good lighting, but had no enclosed shower (but great water pressure!) and came with paper fax, internet outlets, good stereo/CD and excellent wide-screen TV (with the most terrible remote I have ever seen - you really need a guide to figure out, no matter if you are a true techie like me). Room overall was ok, but not up to Mandarin's quality standards in other properties, and during the night a light blew out that also shut down the entire rooms power, taking about 45 mins for a staff electrician to fix in the middle of the night.The real reason I would *never* return to this hotel is the dressed-down, &quot;thug like&quot; street rappers with their horribly dressed entourages hanging/partying constantly in the hallways and lobby throughout the hotel - I thought this might be a freak thing, but after talking to both the doorman and the limo driver, apparently the hotel is marketing itself to the London &quot;music&quot; crowd, and this type of crowd is the standard now, not the exception - and it really shows - The only refuge from this less than desirable crowd was in the popular &quot;Mandarin Bar&quot;, which I think most of the hotel's elite was hanging out in an attempt to separate themselves from the rest of these folks.... All on all, when I travel to London, and stay with a top hotel chain with the reputation of the Mandarin group, I except to dress well and enjoy the good life, and not hang out with the partied-out &quot;P. Diddy&quot; crowd.. Advise: Avoid at all costs unless you are into hanging with the rap and hip-hop crowd 24/7.	
Jan 31 2005	Average 5 star	Not bad - service excellent. Don't have a car valet - you could do a better job yourself at the local Shell garage in less than 5 minutes, and it's 30 cheaper. Staff are excellent - attentive, speedy, polite. The biggest let down was the room -nothing wrong with it as such, but there was nothing special about it - distinctly average for a major 5* of this type, and the bathroom was not great - long and thin - bath was tiny. Spa facilities are v good - not explained very well.	
Jan 17 2005	Fantastic Experience	I recently had the pleasure of spending a night at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel while passing through London. (December 26, 2004). Having stayed at several of the &quot;5-star&quot; hotels in London, I was pleasantly surprised to find that this hotel surpassed them all! From the moment I arrived at the door, the friendly, efficient and conscientious attitude was exhibited by every employee. I was made to feel at home. The money spent was more than worth the price as the hotel was clean, up to date and fresh. The food I ate at the restaurant as well as the room service was cooked to order with no extended wait. In all, a wonderful experience. I cannot wait to return. (Don't waste money on Lanesborough etc. THIS is the place to stay!).	
Jan 12 2005	A favorite in London	We took advantage of the low season rates and spent three days in one of the regular rooms. (You know it's just a regular room because it has Penhaligon rather than Jo Malone products. A hardship, I know, but we managed somehow.) Even though it wasn't a suite -- and therefore didn't look out on the park -- it was still a fantastic room. Very nice bathroom. My only complaint was that the lights were too dim to read by. But then again, this hotel doesn't cater to bookworms.The Park restaurant is wonderful, with one of the most varied menus I've ever seen: burgers, pad thai, pizzas, dim sum -- and all done well. You can eat as much or as little as you like. So much nicer than the rigid three-course affair that so many British hotels force on you. The Mandarin bar was buzzing when we were there. We even witnessed a very moving scene between one of the staff members and a customer. Very unprofessional, but it was better than a soap opera. The doormen were inconsistent; sometimes they were there, sometimes not. Apart from that, the service throughout the hotel was flawless, very attentive and courteous. At the end of the three days, I wanted to move in permanently.	
Jan 10 2005	Living on its reputation?	Stayed here last weekend for 2 nights while visiting the London Boat Show - and while I agree that the location is great - the hotel was a big disappointment. On a positive note, the staff were very wecoming and efficient - and there were lots of them. The rooms were big and old fashioned and the bathrooms were a monument to marble! My biggest gripe is the bar... a tiny space which has been redesigned in new muted browns, beige, creams with lots of opaque glass - quite out of keeping with the hotel - but it was tiny! On both nights we failed to get a seat, despite standing at the bar for nearly an hour and eventually left to find a drink elsewhere. Come on Mandarin - look after your guests. I won't be back - take my advice and try One Aldwych instead - the bar is brillant and not a piece of marble in sight!	
Jan 4 2005	Merry Christmas at the Mandarin	I just returned from a three night stay at this hotel over the Christmas holiday. This hotel knows how to do it right. Beautiful traditional style with great rooms. I don't know what type of mattress and linens they use but I never slept so well in a hotel before, and I have stayed in some pretty nice ones. Friendly and accommodating staff with a great location - across from Harvey Nicks and up the block from Harrods. There were some other nice looking hotels in the area, including the Lanesborough and Dorchester if you really want to shell out some dough. Although somewhat pricey, the Mandarin was well worth every penny!	
Dec 14 2004	Love this place	I love this place, the feeling of being somewhere special starts as soon as you clap eyes on the place. Staff are so attentive - without being in your face - from the door being opened by a smiling face with a big red coat (So English!), to the Floor Managers that look after everything you could possibly think of. The spa is heavenly (Very Zen!), the bar is rocking and the restaurants are serene places quietly dishing up the best of the best - lots of organic! Splash out and go for a Hyde Park view, you'll be one of very view with access to such a stunning sight as soon as you open your eyes after a good nights sleep - pure Irish linen sheets - the ultimate indulgence!I've stayed in 5 star hotels all over the world but Mandarin Orientals really are my favourite.	
Dec 3 2004	Oriental Magic	MARVELLOUS is one adjective that springs to mind whenever I think of this hotel. I really love to stay here where everything smacks of class and good taste. In the evening, a superb dinner in the 1 Michelin star &quot;Foliage&quot; restaurant where Chef Christopher Staines always suprises with new and exciting creations to make my mouth water. As The Travelling Gourmet I know good food when I taste it. If you don't believe me, please go try it yourself to see if you agree.The hotel is so near Harvey Nichols and Harrods, which is only about 5 minutes away by foot. Even last minute shopping before your flight home is no problem.The Knightsbridge Tube station is just to the right of the main entrance about 30 meters away, so you can travel anywhere you like with ease and avoid London's terrible traffic jams. When you feel tired, simply rejuvenate in the vitality pool of the cosy and intimate Spa, probably the best of its kind in London. I like to wake up early at 0630 to see the sunrise over Hyde Park as I jog. I did that recently, and it was so good to see the foliage in Hyde Park and breathe in the crisp, cool winter air. So incredibly refreshing! The staff are very courteous, helpful and well trained. I recommend you stay here the next time you visit London, if only to taste the fabulous food in Foliage accompanied by splendid wines from the avant garde all glass wine cellar. Bon appetit and Enjoy!	
Nov 30 2004	Nice location	The hotel is in a great location - minutes from Harrods and within walking distance to Fortum &amp; Mason and other shopping and sightseeing areas. Our room was nice. I loved the long tub and the heated towel rack. It wasn't a Four Seasons, but it was pretty nice. We got a non-smoking room, but apparently not a non-smoking floor. We had to put towels on the bottom of the doorway to keep the smell of smoke out since it triggers my migraines and my husband's allergies, and the walls were pretty thin so you can hear kids wailing and phones ringing in other rooms. The view from our room sucked - we just got to look out into another room and concrete building - no Hyde Park or view of the city. The staff was hit and miss. I don't think they really went out of their way to service us, but they weren't blatantly rude either. Not a big deal, but we opened the door ourselves several times. Don't know where the doorman went, but it would have been helpful with our luggage and packages from shopping. I will say the room service was great - their staff was always super nice as was the housekeeping staff. We will probably stay again because overall it was a nice experience.	
Nov 8 2004	Excellent	I have stayed at the hotel may times and always find the staff friendly and willing to help if need be. The rooms are very comfortable and the room service is always on time and the food beautifully presented. The choice of films and music available in the rooms is brilliant with a wide choice for all ages and tastes. All the extras included in the room (choccies and jo malone toiletries etc) make the stay even more luxurious!! I'm looking forward to my next visit soon.	
Oct 7 2004	What's Mandarin for rubbish?	I stayed at the Madarin Oriental Hyde Park last night and so shocked am I at its disgraceful standards I had to write a review of it now. I stayed at MOHP in light of it's impeccable relative in New York but I was extremely disappointed. We stayed for four nights in the St James’ Suite and were appalled. The fitting and fixtures were rusty, there were stains on the bed and walls, and the cold tap ran hot. The service was. On the third night of our stay we were told that maintenance would repair the suite tomorrow. One thing to anyone thinking of staying here, &quot;stay at the Lanesborough.&quot;	
Aug 30 2004	The place to stay in London	Pleasantly surpised by this gem! Ask for the Victoria Suite. It is a terrific room, with plenty of space and character, and views of Hyde Park. The technology is also superior.Set in the middle of London's finest shopping, this is a place that emphasizes service and guest happiness -- a far cry from our experience later in the week at the Savoy.	
May 27 2004	overpriced avg hotel with very good service	we just stayed three nights. this was the most expensive hotel of five that we stayed at on the trip and was the least impressive; we won't return. the bed was uncomfortable and the drains in the bathroom were mostly clogged. not what you expect for 5-star pricing.	
Apr 17 2004	Hotel to Rate All Hotels	Large, comfortable rooms...beautifully decorated...tea or coffee with your wake up call....walk to Harolds or the Victoria and Albert Museum....each time we go to London we stay here!	
Jan 18 2004	ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS	The most gorgeous place EVER!The staff are very helpful, the suites are very luxurious. It is so fantastic because the suites feel more like private homes, and are comfortable. You can also chill out in the spa, after having indulged on cream tea and champagne in the afternoon.Good place for relaxing, but the Mandarin Bar is always buzzing, and because the bar is small and intimate, it doesn't overpower the whole hotel.	
Dec 29 2003	Don't waste your money.....		
Dec 11 2003	Okay if you are famous!		
Dec 4 2003	Satisfactory but Always Too Full		
Nov 5 2003	If Heaven Was Only Like This		
Aug 9 2003	Meet the stars		
Jun 16 2003	Brill place to stay!		
Jun 5 2003	Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park		
May 5 2003	Spectacular London lodging		
Apr 25 2003	Best staff amongst luxury London hotels		
Apr 1 2002	Luxury at its finest		
Oct 29 2009 	Grossartiges Hotel		
May 26 2009 	??		
