	Consistently welcoming Hotel unfailingly courteous staff	We have stayed at this Hotel several times now, it used to be called The Royal Lancaster, and every time without fail we have been made to feel most welcome. Not the carefully rehearsed corporate greeting chanted out to each and every client but a genuine personal and professional interest in each Guest right from the time of arrival through to eventual departure.If you are lucky enough to get a room overlooking Hyde Park the view across London is spectacular, especially at night.The location is not a central one but there is a tube station within yards/metres of the hotel entrance. It is also nice to be able to walk through the Park to Oxford St and Knightsbridge for the shops, or even to the Royal Albert Hall. There is also a livery stable yard close by for those who wish to ride in the Park.I would choose it just for the Nipa Restaurant alone!	
	Bad value for money	Small bathrooms, small superior rooms, and poor continental breakfast!!!	
	A very good stay	We stayed for one night and were very happy here. Our room was smal but clean and we had good views from the 10th floor. All staff were friendly and helpful.A very good base for sighseeing and we walked to Oxford Street and Hyde Park and Harrods. We had intended to see Winterwonderland but was told that it was tacky and so didn't go in the end. As we were room only the breakfast charge was high at £24 a head so walked to the Jarvis Ramada about a 20 minute walk and paid a better rate of £15.50 each.We parked opposite the Ramada at Euro car parks. £15 for 24 hours and then Sunday morning paid a further £10 for twelve hours.I can recommend a stay at the Lancaster London.	
Nov 23 2009 	Fantastic hotel!!!!	Stayed here for one night. The location is excellent for enjoying central London. The staff are friendly and helpful. Everything was clean. I would recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Nov 20 2009 	Great location.	This hotel overall is very good and I would stay there again. There are several good points, the location is excellent. The staff are friendly and helpful. Quite unusual in London! The rooms are clean and comfortable. There was only one problem on our trip and that was breakfast on the second day of our weekend stay. The hotel was quite full and the staff could not cope with the volume of people. We had to wait a long time for food to be replenished on the buffet. If they can sort this our this hotel would be excellent.	
Nov 16 2009 	Perfect on all points	I have been enjoying staying at the Lancaster London for sporadic stays in the last year, and I can fairly say that it is definitely the best money for value hotel I have been staying at among tons of hotels across Europe. Regarding the price it was booked at a negotiated price so it helps, but even at a regular price, for London it is still a great location, good service, firendly staff, excellent food (breakfast buffet is high quality and with plenty of choice) and rooms always have an excellent view.It can suit to Business travellers (5 min walk from Paddington which is at a 15 min train ride from Heathrow, all city quickly reachable by tube), tourists (2 min walk from Hyde Park, 15 min walk from Oxford street and 20 min from Notthing Hill. Even less by tube).Enjoy.	
Nov 11 2009 	Great location	Stayed 6 nights at the Lancaster London. Location was terrific - a few blocks from the Hethrow Express and right near the tube system. We had a great view of Kensington Park and the fireworks displays for Rememberance Sunday. Continental breakfast came with our package and was the same but always good, an upgrade to the English breakfast was available for L2 and worth it. A few blocks away there are some great pubs, restaurants and fish places to eat breakfast, lunch and dinner so don't confine yourself to the hotel - you can just go out and explore. Only complaint was the housekeeping staff seemed to think everyone was out of the room before l0am even on the weekends and we would have not one but two or more quick knocks and opening of our doors before we had a chance to respond. Guess we should have remembered to put the privacy sign out every evening before we went to bed. Also - watch out for the telephone charges - we asked and were given the price for &quot;local&quot; calls. We hadn't thought that a cell phone call in London wasn't considered &quot;local&quot; and the price was more then 3x per minute then was quoted. There are internet places a few blocks away so you don't need to pay the hotel internet fee either if you just want to check email. Nice place for a first trip to London but think there are more interesting places for a tourist to stay then with all the business types. Enjoy!	
Nov 10 2009 	Wonderful!	My husband and I spent our honeymoon at the Lancaster in London. We stayed in a suite overlooking Hyde Park and the view was fab, we were in the centre of London but overlooking acres of greenery! We had champagne and strawberries on arrival - bliss. Location is great, only a ten minute walk to Oxford Street. The staff were very friendly and welcoming and the hotel itself is fantastic.	
Nov 9 2009 	Very nice room	This hotel was very comfortable. We had a park view room and enjoyed that. It was a 5 minute walk from Paddington Station (and the Heathrow Express). We had a hard time finding the hotel after we exited the Lancaster tube station. But, it is actually adjacent to the tube station. Staff very helpful. They have nice maps and they have stamps available for purchase.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great service; great location	Our stay started w/ the doorman volunteering to loan us money to pay for our cab b/c we only had large bills &amp; the driver didn't have change. The doorman became our main man for everything for our week-long stay. Our room was great &amp; looked out over Hyde Park. The Tube was around the corner &amp; a wonderful cafe was across the road for tea or coffee each afternoon or evening. My husband was mad about the eggs Benedict at the Island restaurant at the hotel. All of the staff was attentive to details and we had a great stay. Wished we could have stayed there for our second week but they were booked.	
Nov 7 2009 	a fading beauty	this is a very impressive looking hotel located on hyde park, just a few blocks from paddington station (direct trains to and from heathrow), with a tube station right in the building. close to the hotel, there are several nice and reasonably priced restaurants as well as some more expensive ones. if you are looking for a place to stay for business in the city, but want to be close to the touristy areas, this hotel has some serious advantages. the check-in procedure was fast, the room was small, but just adequately furnished for a four star hotel. the view from my room was stunning. and by stunning, i mean stunning - from the city to big ben and the beyond. in the morning and at late night, the sights were stunning.with a perfect location, the first rule of successful corporate strategy is to capitalize your strengths - and lancaster does not. the bathroom was cramped. one of the idiosyncrasies of the bathroom was the lack of cold water. arriving after a parching trip, i wanted to drink water ... and the cold water was ..... HOT. and i mean HOT. not tepid, but HOT. so i let the water run for 5 minutes, and the water was still HOT. after ten minutes it was .... you guessed it right ... HOT. of course, i checked the difference between the cold and the hot water taps .... and both produced hot water. it was here the fun begun.the internet connection was not working. at all, which made working somewhat &quot;constrained&quot;. i was offered a free pass to the business center, which for one day would have worked fine, but it lasted several days. for days, the engineers visited the room to fix it, but they could not. and with the hotel being full ---- there was nowhere to move in the hotel. this was more annoying than the hot water out of the cold water tap.....the service is ok. the room was clean. the location was great. but the hotel needs substantial improvements to remain competitive .....compared with some other hotel i have stayed in london over the past 20 years, this ranks somewhere in the lower end of the 4 star range.	
Nov 6 2009	Fantastic Hotel Fabulous Location!	From welcome to farewell, our four-day stay at the Lancaster London created the most wonderful memories possible of London for me and two of my adult children. Staff were friendly and anxious to help; our beds were most comfortable and clean, and the view from our corner room on the 13th floor offorded a 180-degree view of this magnificent city. Marble Arch and speakers-corner were just a comfortable walk along the boundary of Hyde Park across the street fron the Lancaster. I cannot conceive of a more delightful place to stay!	
Nov 1 2009 	Fantastic Hotel with wonderful and friendly staff	We have just had a fantastic stay at this Hotel; we got a complimentary room upgrade (thank you Mark on reception !!!) to the top (18th) floor which gave us stunning views over Hyde Park and London. We chose this Hotel because it was the cheapest of 4 or 5 hotels in the area and we therefore expected it to be slighty shabby and outdated, but how wrong we were !! We could not fault this hotel whatsoever, the staff were wonderful, very helpful, friendly and always had a smile on their face, the room was very spacious, and the bed was one of the best we have slept in. Our stay did not include breakfast but we found a wonderful Deli in Bathurst Street (Bathurst Deli) adjacent to the hotel where we had a delicious full English breakfast for £5.95 each which for London we found to be amazing value !!. Thank you to all the staff at The Lancaster for a wonderful stay and we can't wait to return !! Mark and Kelly, Hertfordshire, U.K	
Oct 30 2009 	Convenient location and good price	I stayed here on a stopover in London. As I arrived on the Eurostar and left from Heathrow I wanted somewhere accessible by the Tube &amp; the Heathrow Airport rail. The hotel is built right above Lancaster Gate tube station and is only a few hundred metres from Paddington station where the Heathrow Express departs from. (tip- take the Heathrow Connect train. It takes only about 10 minutes longer but is less than half the fare of the Express. Both leave from Paddington Station)The check-in did take a little while but I arrived at 1.30pm which would be the busiest time. That aside, the staff were all very friendly and helpful. I had a room on the 12th floor which had a great view of Hyde Park. It was roomly and had a decent size bathroom which is unusual for London. I got room service twice and it was always prompt.The room rate was great. I booked direct with the hotel as it seemed to give the best deal.Thoroughly recommended.	
Oct 29 2009 	Fantastic!	We spent last weekend (wish it had been months) in this hotel. Staff were very welcoming and friendly, especially to our two young children. We were given a suite on the 15th floor overlooking Hyde Park and with views of the London Eye. The only 'problem' was that with huge flat screen TVs (which we don't have at our house) and the incredibly beautiful Hyde Park on our doorstep, our children would have far preferred to go from morningtime TV to Hyde Park (and no further!) and back to eveningtimeTV! The weather was magnificent too so we spent hours in the Park. I just wish we could have stayed in the Lancaster London for ever! Many thanks to all the staff there.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great Location top service and good value for money	Lancaster Hotel is very well located in front of Hyde Park, surrounded by restaurants and shopping streets. I would recomend rooms on high floor that offers great views. Rooms are spacious and have an elegant classic decoration. Rooms are very quiet and offers good facilities and top bathroom amenities.Service is first class, very helpful and attentive.Regarding restaurant, I would highly recomend the Thai restaurant for lunch or dinner. Very cosy and classic lounge bar with fire place. I really enjoyed the buffet breakfast with view on the park.	
Oct 24 2009 	Superbly Located Hotel	We stayed at the Royal Lancaster for 3 nights. We had a lovely room on the 12th floor with a city view overlooking the London Eye and Post Office Tower. Our room was modern with a big comfy bed, tea and coffee making facilities, flat-screen tv and a spotless clean bathroom with complimentary toiletries and bathrobe. The staff on reception, concierge, and the doormen were extremely pleasant and helpful, and we were able to checkin online at the Business Centre for our flights back home. We booked room only, having breakfast in the Island Restaurant on our first morning. A full English Breakfast costs £23 per person, and although it was delicious and beautifully presented, we thought it was on the expensive side. We found it to be cheaper to eat out after that and managed to get breakfast for £10 for the both of us just around the corner in Spring Street. The best thing about this hotel is its superb location, across the road from Hyde Park. Lancaster Gate tube station (central line) is under the hotel, and you can walk to Paddington Station in 5 minutes. Overall we had a very good experience staying here and would definitely use this hotel again on returning to London.	
Oct 23 2009 	Fantastic Hotel great location great staff..	We have just returned from a weekend stay at the Lancaster London and what a fantastic stay it was. We quite often visit london for weekends away and always stay along Bayswater Road so we knew where this hotel was and we have always wanted to stay there.. Well now we have we wont be staying anywhere else !!! We arrived at 8pm to be greeted by Carlos a lovely friendly professional worker, on reception who gave us an upgrade to an executive room. A special Thank you to him for making our first stay such a special one. On arriving in our room we were so pleased with the upgrade. The room was large with a walk in wardrobe/closet and lovely marble bathroom. The bed was superkingsize if not bigger. We had room service as we were tired and got there late, the price was reasonable for a london hotel and was very tasty. The views were great, overlooking Hyde park/kensington gardens and also as far as wembley stadium. We were on the 16th floor. The breakfast each morning was tasty and plentiful and a good variety. The location is excellent for everything - open top busses, tubes, walking to oxford street shops etc etc. We walked through Hyde park to natural history museum onto Harrods then back through to hotel. We must say without a doubt the next time were in London we will be staying at the Lancaster London. (car park had plenty of spaces so was great too)	
Oct 19 2009 	Absolutely Brilliant! Best hotel we have stayed in great location outstanding service thank you!	Me &amp; my partner decided to stay in this hotel to celebrate a birthday.Uppon arrival we were advised we were to be upgraded to a Suite on the top floor (18th floor)What an upgrade this was! - The size, cleanliness, facilities etc inside the room were brilliant, it was so clean as was the entire hotel - very well looked after.There is also parking on site which was brilliant.Every member of staff welcomed us, especially Mario on reception, as well as the friendly doorman who provided us with a map and helped us with directions e.t.c.Back to the room, what a view we had, it was amazing! The bathroom was lovely and clean, the bed was so comfortable and we just felt so much at home.The location of the hotel was brilliant, it is situated opposite Hyde Park, next door to the underground, and a brisk walk straight to the shops e.t.c on Oxford street.We ventured to Covent Gardens for a bite to eat (as recommended by the doorman) and went for a nice walk in the morning in Hyde Park.The hotel was so up together and we throughly enjoyed our stay here. I can be quite critical, but there honestly wasnt one thing I would change.Thank you for such a wonderful weekend, my partner really enjoyed his birthday and the hotel played a massive part in this.We would definately return as the hotel staff and location deserve a 10/10!Thank you	
Oct 15 2009 	Upgraded to Royal Park Suite - Fantastic Room/Location	Upon arrival, we were upgraded to the Royal Park Suite on the 9th floor. The room and view were fantastic. Additionally, the location (near tube station) was superb for traveling throughout London. Would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 14 2009	excellent hotel wonderful staff great location 5minutes from Paddington Station Heathrow Express trains	Just returned from a stay at the Hotel......it was our first trip to London...the staff were very helpful...room and bathroom spotless....lots of towels....warm towel rack...across the street from Hyde Park.........only three stops on the underground from Oxford St and Bond Street shopping...buses stop across the Street......a 5 minute walk from Paddington Station Heathrow Express train and a short walk through Hyde Park to Kensington Palace . I would highly recommend this Hotel. Cant wait to go back!! Eileen, USA	
Oct 11 2009 	Relaxed friendly quality hotel with top thai restaurant and excellent hyde park location	The location is perfect for enjoying central london, opposite the rotal parks, oxford street and next to a central line tube station. The staff were friendly, informative and good humoured. The Hotel's thai restaurant is excellent and great value, one of the best I have eaten in. The room was excellent with fantastic panoramic views of central london, the royal parks, you really feel close to everything you would want to do in london. Going further afield is easy the lancaster gate tube station just next door and excellent bus links along bayswater road. I could have stayed all night in the hotel bar, warm and relaxing with a open fire. Well worth a stay here	
Oct 11 2009 	Great view....shame about the hotel.....	My husband and I went here as a treat for out 10th wedding anniversary. On arrival we were both very surprised at how small the room was considering that we had paid for Superior and been upgraded to Deluxe.The view from our window was fantastic-of both the City and Hyde Park.The hotel itself was very well double glazed and although we were on a busy road we weren't bothered by any traffic noise. The bed was huge-larger than kingsize but the pillows had seen better days.I've always been told that if you can fold a pillow in half it's dead.I could fold these pillows into 4's had I wanted to.Hence stiff neck the next morning.We requested newer pillows which did seem much better to begin with but after a couple of hours they too had flopped.We were on the 15th floor so our windows were sealed shut so the only air available was from the air conditioning unit which hummed and vibrated every time it was on.We had drinks from our mini bar and left our dirty glasses on the tray to be replaced the next day but after coming in late the next night the dirty ones were still there even though the beds had been made.All in all I had expected much more from a hotel that is supposed to be 4 star.In my opinion the Premier Inn at Southend was far more comfortable and clean...I'll save my money next time.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great hotel great view great location!	I loved this hotel! The staff was very friendly, the breakfast was very good and everything was clean. For those who are not confortable with the british breakfast, they have a buffet with a lot of breads, cakes and fruits.The location is great, right in front of Hyde Park. We could go to the Buckingham Palace on foot, enjoying the park area. It is also very close to some convenience stores, a tradicional pub and the subway.	
Oct 6 2009 	Perfect place to stay in London	Beautiful view, perfect location &amp; great service. I would recommend this hotel to everyone. Close to Tube and Hyde Park. In particular I would recommend the Thai restaurant were we had a wonderful dinner. Great staff!	
Sep 20 2009 	Lovely hotel in a great location	My friend and I stayed at the Royal Lancaster for a shopping and theatre weekend break in London. The hotel is excellent; situated in a quieter, smart area overlooking Hyde Park but within easy reach of the West End by tube (Lancaster Gate station is just around the corner). Check in was speedy and efficient and the shops of Oxford Street were only 5-10 minutes walk away. We would definitely use this hotel again.	
Sep 19 2009 	Royal Lancaster London	I stayed at the Royal Lancaster from Aug. 24-31st 2009. Although it was quiet and comfortable, I would not say that it is four star. I traveled alone so I got the single room with the view of the city. Unfortunately. I was on the 7th floor and did not get a very good view of London, but I got a decent view of Kensington which was fine. But, the website neglects to mention that your views may be limited depending on what floor you are placed on. The room seemed to have a mini bar but it was locked, so I didn't bother with it. It came equipped with a pot for coffee or tea and cookies, teas, and coffee, ironing board and iron, safe, and decent essentials for my stay. I signed up for the breakfas for (£15) $22, but it was continental and although that saved me time from trying to find breakfast every morning, I could have saved money just by grabbing something to eat from one of the local restaurants. The hotel offers internet service but it was (£17) $27 (per day, however there were some internet cafes close by but I because I had to monitor financial information I felt more comfortable using the hotel's for security reasons. The room and batrhoom was small but for London I wasn't expecting anything bigger. The room itself was a little outdated although it had some new updates such as a flat screened television but the carpet really needs to be replaced and in the bathroom a bit of the wall paper was loose. The swags to the drapes were frayed and the chair in the room could probably use a steam clean. I got a decent enough deal £145 per day from 1800hotels so I figured I got the rooms that were probably not used that often and therefore not given as much attention as the frequently used rooms. Having said all that, I will say that the staff itself was pretty good. Everyone was friendly and the cocierege helped me everyday on my daily ventures into the city. I liked the fact that the hotel had a doorman because they hailed cabs if you needed them and held the door which was a nice touch. The lobby, restaurant and common areas were nice but it does seem as if the hotel spends more time on that than its rooms, so I hope in the future they will be updating all of their rooms. Despite the room being a little bit of a disappointment I would stay at the hotel again. Its situated in such a great location directly behind a tube station, within walking distance of Paddington train station, directly across from Kensington and Hyde Parks and across the way from great shopping. Its just a few tube stops from West End, and has many nice restaraunts withing walking distance in a very nice part of Kensington so I felt pretty safe walking around at night by myself. I would rate this hotel at 3 stars, but only because of the rooms need for updating. However, the location and staff and the area would make me want to stay here again but this next time I would ask for rooms on a higher floor perhaps.	
Sep 19 2009 	Fantastic as always	This is the 4th time I have stayed at this hotel, and excellent service as always. You will not be disappointed. The service is 1st class, very attentive staff, always know your name, and greet you whenever you walk through reception area, nothing is too much trouble. Great view over the city from all the rooms I have stayed in. Beds are so comfy. I would highly recommend this hotel for that stay in London. Can't wait to go again.	
Sep 15 2009 	Fantastic wiews good location	Next to the underground station, great wiews of Hyde Park. 10 minutes walk from Marble Arch and Oxford Street.I would recommend the hotel, if you are not looking for surprises.	
Sep 15 2009 	Excellent Hotel in great location	after going to london twice a year looking for a reasonable priced hotel i had been very disapointed and decided to spend a few pounds more and i have to say i could not have been more pleased.the rooms were big and comforable and everything about the hotel staff, accommadation,location (including being next to lancaster gate tube station) made this our best ever london break	
Sep 15 2009 	Disappointing	After reading previous reviews I had high expectations for this hotel. The location is convenient, the entrance is smart and check in was friendly. The room, however, was a disappointment and nothing like the rooms shown on the website. A &quot;city view&quot; turns out to mean a view of a car park, although the advantage of being on this side of the hotel is that you hear a little less noise from the busy Baswater Road. The room size was OK for central London, it was very clean and the bed was comfortable, but the decor and furniture was somewhat jaded. The bathroom was the smallest I have ever been in. I am only 5'1&quot; and anyone much taller than me would need to sit on the toilet sideways or risk burning their knees on the heated towel rail. We could not get any cold water from the cold tap which meant we could not drink the tap water and had to clean our teeth in warm water. We chose not to go for the hotel's very expensive breakfast but instead had breakfast at the Dell restaurant overlooking the Serpentine in Hyde Park. The Royal Lancaster is fine for a basic overnight pitstop but for a longer stay or for something special I'd look elsewhere.	
Sep 14 2009 	Faded grandure but great staff	As with most hotels of this type, a lovely lobby belies the state of the rooms. Mine, which the reception told me was 'lovely' was next to the left and smelt very badly of damp. These problems aside, the experience was expensive, average but the staff were very friendly.	
Sep 10 2009 	Upscale and mostly good value	We stayed nearly a week in this very comfortable and quiet hotel, with its excellent service and terrific location. Two tube stations are nearby, plus Paddington Railroad Station. Upon arrival, we walked from Paddington (and the Heathrow Express) to the hotel. We never took a cab in London till we left bearing luggage for Victoria Station and Gatwick Airport. Being able to easily escape city traffic and noise by a peaceful walk in nearby Hyde Park was a real bonus. We stayed in an Executive Room with a city view on the 16th floor, and it was nicely furnished, ample in size, with turndown service in the evening. The maids and other staff could not have been more pleasant and service minded. Hotel drawbacks, however, included very expensive drinks in the lovely lounge--but other wine bars and coffee houses are nearby. We did not eat at the hotel, but found many small, less expensive restaurants in the neighborhood. Also, we beat the high daily cost the hotel charges for wireless computer access by renting a wireless modem at a nearby computer shop.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great hotel with excellent views	Me and my girlfriend had a brilliant weekend break here, one of the best so far in London. Our room was so spacious, and had everything we needed coupled with amazing views of the city and Hyde park next door! The location was perfect as it was only a 10minute walk from Paddington station. The Island restaurant on the ground floor had amazing food aswell as friendly staff. We will definatly be going back as soon as possible	
Sep 6 2009 	Fantastic hotel with even better service	Just got back from staying at the Royal Lancaster, and we had a great time. I picked this hotel due to it's location (close to Paddington Tube) rather than any other reason. We were staying for my husbands 40th birthday, when we arrived, we were told that we had been upgraded to an executive room on the 16th floor, which had great views of London and Hyde Park.On arrival to the room, we found a birthday cake, balloons as well as a letter wishing my husband a happy birthday, a really nice touch which made his day even more special. I would recommend staying at this hotel for anyone wanting a trip to London. Although Lancaster Gate tube was seconds away from the hotel, Paddington station was less than 5 minutes walk from the hotel. A great location to get around. The prices were reasonable for London, and the service was the best I have experienced in the city. I have to agree that the exterior of the building may not be the most eye pleasing, but don't be put off, the interior more than makes up for it.	
Sep 5 2009 	An hotel committed to meet the needs of it's clients.	A very comfortable hotel conveniently situated to so many London facilities &amp; attractions.The atmosphere was welcoming &amp; efficient - staff at all levels were thoughtful &amp; paid attention to detail.	
Sep 5 2009 	A large international hotel with the personal service of something much smaller	This is a hotel for people who do not like hotels.Forget large, anonymous , noisy,and think smaller, quietly efficient,with unobtrusive personal service.I have no idea how they achieve this but am very pleased that they do	
Sep 2 2009 	Great location and views shame about the building.	We stayed here for one night on the 22nd of August. Needing to be close to Lancaster Gate on Sunday morning made this hotel the only real choice, but we got a good deal directly from the hotel website for a city view room for under £115 (including taxes), which for that area on a Saturday night seems pretty good to me.Checking in was quite quick, although checking out was slower – it depends if you are lucky with your timing it seems. We were greeted with the nice news that our room had been upgraded (just luck as we didn’t ask) and were put in an executive room on the 15th floor with fantastic views across West London.The room was a very good size, with a small sofa and a nice flat screen television. Unfortunately being so high and having nice big windows means the furniture was suffering from sun fade a little, but the room was clean. The bathroom wasn’t so well laid out, with the basin being awkwardly positioned behind the door but it did have a bidet, should you wish for such things.Coming back from Soho on Saturday evening cost £10 in a black cab and the hotel is fantastically located for tourists and businessmen a like. The park is just across the road and is perfect for strolling or jogging in the morning, Paddington is a five minute walk away (Heathrow Express and trains to the West Country) and the West End and Notting Hill are about 10 minutes away. There are buses leaving from outside the hotel (local and tourist) and Lancaster Gate (Central Line) Station is under the hotel.The hotel, famous for an appearance in the original Italian Job film, may be one of the ugliest buildings in London (in my opinion it should never have been allowed to be built), but once inside this is one of the best located hotels you could hope to stay in if you are visiting London for a few days.Finally, a word of warning about the lifts. There are only four of them for the hotel and they were (four times out of five) extremely slow to arrive.Liked – Location and price.Disliked – The Lifts!	
Sep 2 2009 	Not bad at all..	This was my second time to stay at Royal Lancaster and overall the experience has been positive.Location - as it has been said previously, the Royal Lancaster tube station is only some 200 meters away from the hotel. Paddington station is also close, couple of minutes by taxi( will cost you some 3 pounds). Oxford street and shopping is a tube stop away (Marble Arch) and if you prefer big shopping centres then you can take the Central Line to Westfield London (5 stops). There is not much around the hotel, except the Hyde Park.Check in was fast and overall the staff is very friendly and helpful.Continental breakfast that comes with the room is ok and for couple of pounds you can upgrade to British or Japanese one. The selection for the continental one is plentiful. The hotel has 2 restaurants, a Thai and British ones I did not try them. Room service was not bad even though the selection of dishes was a bit limited.No complaints about the room, even though there was also nothing spectacular. I did not like the fact that the windows did not open and AC was a bit noisy. The only other complaint I have comes from my last day when my room was not cleaned between 9AM and 3 PM even though I had put the Clean Up My Room outside. On the positive side - an excellent selection of TV channels.Internet was expensive but this is the case almost everywhere.. The cost is 18 GBP per 24 hours and no wireless was offered.Overall - not bad, I would stay there again.	
Aug 29 2009 	Beautiful city centre hotel with an underground next door	We stayed here on 20-21/06/09.We booked a queen sized bedroom and on arrival were upgraded to a beautiful suite on the 2nd floor overlooking the park.I cannot fault this hotel, with car parking attached.The staff at reception were professional, the conciege very helpful and the room service staff excellent.The room was very clean and whilst we were out for the evening, the bed was turned down, the curtains closed and the tea/coffee replenished.On the Sunday morning room service provided breakfast exactly on time.One full breakfast was enough for two!I opened the curtains to be faced with artists paintings hanging on the park railings opposite.I wish I could afford to stay here all the time.Well done Royal Dorchester, a trip we will not forget!!	
Aug 29 2009 	Excellent value	Had a lovely stay. Staff friendly and professional. Room on the sixth floor, which was fine with us. Slight view of the park even though we only paid for city view. Very good breakfast.Got very good rate via Tripadvisor!	
Aug 27 2009 	Bad Bad Bad	We wanted to book the &quot;Weekend Break&quot; package advertised on the Lancaster website; it said to email them with our reservation request, which we did. Two days passed and no response, so we called the hotel directly. Sat on hold for 10 minutes, called back and asked the receptionist that if the reservation line was still busy, could they please call us back as soon as possible. Two hours later, no call, so we called again, stayed on hold, then left a message again. It's four days later and no one from the hotel has contacted us by phone or email. According to their website, rooms are still available during the dates we wanted. Why were we snubbed? Could it be that they don't want guests from the U.S.?	
Aug 21 2009 	Beautiful	Very clean and spacious. Reminded us more of the typical American hotel room we were used to. Tea and coffee in the room. Big comfy bed. The breakfast is included with your stay, do not pass it up. It's great. Even the continental one. We do not recommend upgrading to the hot breakfast because the one that's included is sufficient. The only experience we were not thrilled with was our last night, we tried to access the business center in order to print out our boarding pass for the next day and they said the computers were down. The next day they were still down and they even had the gall to say that the computers in the whole hotel were down. Well, we went to the concierge desk and the computers were up and running, so the lady at concierge helped us and we got our boarding passes through there. About 15 minute walk to Marble Arch and across the street from Hyde Park/Kensington Gardens.	
Aug 20 2009 	Royal service beautiful rooms pleasant care	We arrived tired and were welcomed and made comfortable. We had afternoontea with pleasant and prompt service. We had a lovely clean room and had a good rest. The view of. London from thewindow was great.`i would highly recommend the hotel to anyone wanting a pleasant experience.	
Aug 18 2009 	fine hotel	We secured a great rate for the Royal Lancaster from Otel.com, but when we arrived the front desk were unaware of our reservation. But a few minutes later the problem was resolved and they upgraded us to an Executive room on the 18th floor which had a fine view over Hyde Park. The room was comfortable and tastefully furnished in blue and gold. The continental breakfast wasn't remarkable, but was perfectly acceptable. We had an excellent dinner in the Thai restaurant on the first floor. All in all the Royal Lancaster made an excellent base for a weekend in London.	
Aug 18 2009 	Excellent!	Fabulous hotel, all staff were extremely helpful, courteous and efficent.Very nicely decorated to a high standard.The hotel is in a great location right beside Lancaster Gate tube station and Hyde Park, near Marble Arch. Our room was very nice, had a lovely view over the city and the London Eye. Only negative thing i can say is the room was very small, a bit cramped. But i would definately recommend this hotel to family and friends.Breakfast was included in our stay with no extra charge to get it delivered to our room. Great choice on the breakfast menu 4*. There are also bars and restaurants on the 1st floor, and a business centre with internet access beside the reception. The Big Bus Tour passes right outside hotel, really convenient after a long days sight seeing :-)	
Aug 17 2009 	excellent	I stayed here for a few days on a visit to london with my family, this was one of the best hotels I've stayed in, it was nice, cozy, and good customer service, the breakfast was included and it was great. THis hotel may have been a little pricy, but so is everything else in london. Bottom line, if you want a nice place to stay in london, consider this hotel, the tube station is around the corner, and kensington gardens is right across the street which offers a beautiful and peaceful place to go for a walk or for a jog.	
Aug 11 2009 	Lancaster London - my favourite place!	The Lancaster London is really close to Paddington Station and Heathrow Express (4 minutes walk). Perfectly suited for a ride downtown since Lancaster Gate station (Central Line) is right under the Hotel. Nice, constantly renovated rooms offering a big choice of size and a beautiful view on Hide Park or London downtown at reasonable rates. Great diversity of food: 2 restaurants in-house and another few around. Impressive meeting rooms with state-of-the-art technical equipment. Last not least a very professional, kind and responsive Hotel Team. The Lancaster London is my favourite place in London!	
Aug 9 2009	Small things let this hotel down	A number of minor inconveniences added up to create a less than pleasant experience at this hotel. In all honesty, it’s probably perfectly fine if you’re just wanting somewhere to sleep, but I would search for somewhere else when I return to London. Our plane landed at 6.30am so when we arrived at the hotel we knew we wouldn’t be able to check in yet, that was fine. We stored our bags and went sightseeing. Came back at 2.30pm, check-in was supposed to have been open, but we were told our room wasn’t ready yet. Waited another hour for it to be ready, only to find that it wasn’t a twin as we had reserved, but a double. The mix up continued for another hour, ending in a manger yelling at a staff member in front of us. The room itself looked really nice, good size bathroom, etc, although the beds were quite lumpy and not very comfortable. On one occasion the maid did not make my bed, the fitted sheet, sheet and doona (not completely in its cover) were just spread out across the bed. I had to make it myself. In a four star hotel I expected better service.And then at the end of our stay there were extra charges totalling nearly 30 pound that weren’t ours. The charges were taken off, but there was no explanation as to how they got there, and no apology. Upsides - The location is great, right next to the Lancaster Gate tube station, and within walking distance of Paddington and Queensway stations as well. The conceierge and baggage staff were lovely, helping out with attraction ideas, maps, transportation advice and tips on where to find free wi-fi.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great Location	We often stay in the Paddington area because of the ease of Heathrow Express and its central location. Although our room was small, we loved the elegant breakfast service, the help of the staff, the tube around the corner, and the view of Hyde Park. It was a good way to start our holiday.	
Aug 2 2009 	Excellent hotel and great central location!	I stayed at this hotel with my partner for one night on 29th July. The location is perfect as the hotel itself is situated just above Lancaster gate tube and overlooks Hyde park. We were there for a birthday break for my partner and had tickets to see Les Mis, for which the location was just excellent! Upon our arrival we told reception staff that it was my partner's birthday and to our surprise, we later found a cute half bottle of champers on ice in our room! Reception staff were lovely and did their best to offer us a room with a view of Hyde park, except we were early checking in and none were clean, however the effort did not go unnoticed.For the price that we paid we were really pleased and had a pleasant surprise with the size of the room, especially as ours was only the standard room. We are from the Midlands and have seen far smaller rooms outside of London, so this was definitely a plus as all reviews i had read of London hotels seemed to stress how tiny the rooms can be.Breakfast was served until 11am and we were running on the late side (we arrived about ten to) which i would not recommend as we were greeted by a rather unimpressed woman who reminded us that we were the last couple to eat and how late we were (i guess to be fair, it was pushing it but still it does say until 11 and i'm not sure we needed reminding that we were late). The breakfast was continental but for a small price (£2) you can upgrade to full English which we duly did and it was most delicious!I can certainly say that If we ever find ourselves needing to stay in central London again i would not hesitate to return to this hotel, the staff are friendly and helpful and the location was excellent.	
Jul 25 2009 	Superb location top-notch service and comfort	Our overall experience with everyone at the Royal Lancaster was outstanding! All the staff were professional, friendly, knowledgeable and extremely helpful, especially the concierge staff. The location, a 5-10 minute walk from Paddington Station and right above the Lancaster Gate tube stop, allowed us to use the great public transportation system quickly and efficiently. The room was not huge, but by European standards was more than adequate. It was furnished very nicely, extremely clean, and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was spotlessly clean and had a hair dryer and an assortment of toiletries. We did not eat at the hotel, so can't comment on the food, but the room and all related services were excellent. Would not hesitate to return or to recommend to others.	
Jul 23 2009 	Super city break!	I stayed at the Royal Lancaster over the weekend 10th/11th/12th July 2009 with my partner as we were attending a birthday celebration in London on the Saturday and decided to combine it with a bit of sightseeing and relaxation! I feel that we got exactly what we wanted with the Royal Lancaster. With lovely views of Hyde Park and right next to Lancaster Gate Tube station, we felt connected to the whole city but away from the major hustle and bustle. We checked in at around 3pm on the Friday afternoon, and spent most of the afternoon just relaxing in our room - which offered us a panoramic city view including the Square Mile, the Gherkin and the very top of the London Eye. In-room facilities were excellent including a proper hairdryer which can never be highly enough rated! For a central London hotel, we were actually pretty impressed with the mini-bar prices too - I have seen more expensive in Leeds! The bathroom was gorgeous, and a minor drainage problem that we reported was seen to almost immediately. The continental breakfast was included in our room deal, and although we chose not to, the option to upgrade to full English was inexpensive. The breakfast was served in a beautiful bright room, and the food was excellent quality with plenty of choice. The staff were very friendly and helpful, going the extra mile when my partner had forgotten his cufflinks to try and help him out and even when we returned to the hotel at 4am after a night out, we were greeted with a smile. I would absolutely stay here again.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great stay...but watch your bill!	My husband and I enjoyed a great trip to this hotel in July. We found the rooms to be comfortable and clean, and we booked a regular room only. The location was good...it was a quick stroll through hyde park to marbel arch, a main tube stop, or you can hop on lancaster gate which is connected to the hotel for a quick connection. The hotel had a little bar for guests only that was open late for a night cap, which we appreicated. We also had a good bar experience in the Island restaurant.The beds were fine and clean and a good size for two, which I was worried about. The bathroom was a little small, but there was a desk with a mirror in our room so we were fine since we had additional space. One warning...we had booked this rate online through the royal lancaster website and had printed off a confirmation email. This email said &quot;rate per night: 90 euroes&quot;. When we got our bill the morning of checkout, it had the correct amount for the first night but 113 euroes for the other three. When I went to speak to the front desk, they tried to tell me that it was a computer error and that this should have been discussed with me upon checkin, which it was not. They kept insisting that I should have printed something else out, when clearly I printed what they emailed me! They did the right thing and begrudginly honored the correct rate, but I urge you to check your bill! Aside from that sour note at the end, we enjoyed our stay and would reccommend to a friend.	
Jul 19 2009 	Very pleasant comfortable stay in an excellently situated hotel.	The hotel is very well situated.Rooms a little on the small side but comfortableThe service was very friendly and efficient in all departments.Compared to USA and many other countries where Internet is free, the daily charges are ridiculously high.Overall a very good stay and would recommend to others	
Jul 12 2009 	4 star and convenient for family of 4	We reluctantly have returned home from a weeks stay at the Royal Lancaster in London. It was a family trip - introducing our children aged 12 &amp; 8 to their first trip abroad. We had booked our stay thru Virgin Vacations and requested 2 adjoining rooms. The front desk had a difficult time fulfilling this request upon check in but were able to offer us an alternative that we liked much more - an upgrade to a Royal Suite on the non-smoking 3rd floor. We are very appreciative of this gesture. We thoroughly enjoyed the spaciousness of our suite and location overlooking the park (and some roof/car park area). We had been traveling for nearly 20 hours and were very pleased that the front desk were prompt to send up the 2 rollaways that we would need for the living room of the suite. Housekeeping was excellent and fulfilled every request in a timely manner. Room Service was the same - very prompt, efficient &amp; courteous. We also found the concierge desk to be quite helpful and courteous - we purchased Original Bus Tour tickets from them and the stop was adjacent to the back of the hotel - they even walked us to the stop. We loved the convenient location of the property to the tube and Paddington Station. Lancaster Gate tube stop is under the hotel and has a couple of ticket agents there to help purchase passes for visitors who don't quite know what they are doing. We took 2 day trips out of Paddington Station which was an easy 5 minute walk from the hotel. We also found Paddington to be a great place to buy take away food - even had a Boots &amp; grocery store there. Continental Breakfast was included in our rate and was wonderful and quite satisfying each morning. They offered breakfast from 06:45-11:00 each day. If you need your breakfast before 06:45 they will deliver it to your room - still included with your rate. Just a couple of negatives. Having a suite offers a quiet sanctuary in the bedroom but the living room picks up the noise from the hallway &amp; connecting room. The beds are comfortable enough but are not up to the luxury level - I hear that the hotel is addressing this issue and probably sprucing them up with better mattresses and linens. I did like the white linens and duvets - no dirty bedspreads to have to wonder about here. The hotel does cater to business clients and definitely had an international cliental. We also wanted to state that the hotel handled our family of 4 on a leisure trip with the same excellence shown to corporate travelers. We would/will stay at the Royal Lancaster again and would recommend it to business or leisure travelers and those traveling with families.	
Jul 5 2009 	Well appointed with stunning views across london	Excellent room, very large with great views across hyde park and london and a very comfortable bed. the restaurant was very good too with very good service and great food. When I stayed there was a shiksa tent on the roof complete with hookah pipes and splendid baklava and apple tea. would definitely stay again.	
Jul 1 2009 	Home from home	Warmly welcomed by courteous and very helpful staff which continued throughout my stay. The Island Restaurant was excellent. My friend had the fish and chips (highly recommended) and I had lamb which was cooked to perfection. I thoroughly recommend both the hotel and the Island Restaurant.	
Jun 30 2009 	Not Royal surely.....simply mediocre !!	I stayed at the Royal Lancaster with my husband for 4 nights in May. It was our first time in London so I can not compare this hotel with others My general comments are as follows: 1. check in : very quickly 2. check out: quick but not very polite (maybe I should say not warming but  this is something most englishmen have !!)3. room : not very big,small beds(my husband is 1,95m), not very clean (mould in the bathroom)and thin walls (we could listen to a lot of things... going on in the other rooms &amp; the hallway) Also, the room was supposed to be &quot;city view&quot;….but it would better be mentioned as &quot;parking view&quot;as all we could see was the parking !!! And take in mind that I had mentioned we were there for my husbands birthday !! If I hadn't mentioned that maybe they would have located us in the basement !!!!!!Only the executive rooms in the higher level probably had good view !4. internet: internet service was efficient but costs 17 GBP per day 5. breakfast: we had included continental breakfast in our package which was efficient (bread,tost, a lot of croissants,cereal, fruit salads, variety of ham and cheeses etc) but on the first day we chose to have english breakfast in the island restaurant….good but the service was so slow we were in the restaurant for 1 1/2 hour in order to eat breakfast !!!!!!!6. location : excellent, just above Lancaster gate station of the underground on the central line and right across Hyde Park 7. service: not so good..we requested tickets to the theatre and after 2 days of them saying now theatres are closed, now they are not answering the phone we finally booked them from the internet !!!!All in all, thankfully our stay in London was very good in all other options. I wouldn't generally recommend this hotel to you but as I already mentioned I don't know how other hotels in london are and from the reviews in trip advisor I understand they are not the best ! But comparing this hotel with quite a lot of others in big european cities , this one was much worst !!	
Jun 28 2009 	Clean and convenient	We stayed at the Royal Lancaster for five days for a business/pleasure trip. The hotel has a very diverse clientele, with people from around the world. It has a nice location- next to Hyde Park and it is very convenient to three tube stations- but it is still out of the way.  Check-in was a very confused process. There was a line of people checking in at the same time and only two people working. We waited in one line for several people and when it was our turn, the clerk had us wait for several minutes, and then told us we she was no longer checking people in, so we had to get back in the other line. It took us about a half an hour to check in and compared to some of the unhappy people in the lobby, we were probably lucky. When we got to our original room, it was incredibly small. We decided to upgrade our room (an extra £50 per night)- they only had a smoking room available and we tried that one, but it smelled so bad in there, that we decided to wait until a non-smoking room became available (about three hours). The third try was the charm. The room was only a little bigger than the first room, but we wanted to have room for one person to use the computer at the desk and allow the other person an area to watch tv on a settee rather than having to sit on the bed or a chair. It also had a very nice view of the park. Getting into the shower was a little tricky. The tub was a little high to step in/out of and could be a little slippery, especially if there is some soap residue in the tub. They could use a non-skid mat or some type of handle to grab. The towel warmer was a nice touch. Bed was comfortable and I always like when they have robes and slippers in the room. Housekeeping was very responsive- never more than five minutes for them to respond. The electrical panel on our desk didn’t work, so they brought a transformer for me to plug my computer within a few minutes of our call. The AC was tricky- it was fine line between cold or stuffy in the room. One day the fuse went out for the AC- called Housekeeping and they were at our room within minutes to fix it. Breakfast was included with our room. It was pretty standard as far as a breakfast buffet was concerned- juices, cereals, sausage, bacon, fruits…The eggs were cooked to order and brought to your table, so they were warm and not sitting around all morning. Honestly, I probably would not have eaten there if I had to pay for it, as I recall it being kind of pricey (over £20). Drinks in the bar were not that memorable, but allowed us to wind down. There were a lot of business travelers so it was pretty busy and it didn't seem like they had enough people working in the bar the night we went. They will close even with a full bar. Internet fees were also ridiculously expensive- £17 per 24-hours. While many hotels still charge for internet, this was a steep price to pay and is probably the most expensive I can recall paying this decade. We booked tickets from the concierge for city tour bus tickets as they were authorized dealers. She told us where the stop was, and we waited over half an hour for the bus without a sighting before we decided to walk to Paddington Station. Turns out that stop was not being used by any of the companies because of ongoing construction. It would’ve been nice to know that so we could’ve just walked to Paddington Station from the start. All in all, it's a decent place to stay while traveling for business. It's not a luxury hotel, but it's clean and convenient.	
Jun 23 2009 	Comfortable and Excellent	Location is the best for business &amp; private traveller, just 5 minutes from Paddington station easy access from/to Heathrow. Well balanced between price and quality. The personnel at the hotel is well trained and kind. No Hot Spot service available yet. Quite suitable for business traveller who does not have enough time to spend his time at the hotel.	
Jun 20 2009 	Nice 	We stayed at the Royal Lancaster hotel for five nights at the start of our Honeymoon. The reception staff were friendly and we had no trouble checking in. Our room was on the 14th floor and had a lovely view of Hyde park. The room was not huge, but was very comfortable and the maids did a great job of cleaning it everyday. The bathroom was a little tight for two people to be using at the same time, but this didn't matter, we just took turns.Breakfast was lovely. This was served on the second floor and also had views over Hyde park. There was an &quot;English Breakfast&quot; and a &quot;Continental Breakfast&quot; to choose from. We generally ate the English breakfast as this had nice cereals, toast, jams, fruit and juice to choose from. The Continental breakfast also had all these items as well as hot food like bacon, eggs and sausages.The Hotel was a little way out from central london (Picadilly Circus &amp; Oxford Street), but it is very easy to catch a cab. It took us about 15-20 minutes to walk from the Marble Arch to the Hotel. We walked through Hyde park to Harrods one morning. This took about 1 hour.We also used the tube train one day. This was very easy. There is a station just behind the hotel and the trains arrive every 2 minutes. I would recommend this rather than the &quot;hop on hop off&quot; bus tours. It is much quicker and cheaper and gets you to where you want to go. There are train stops near every major attraction.We did the &quot;hop on hop off&quot; tour for the first two days and we found that it was useful to listen to the guides to learn a bit of history, but took ages to get anywhere as it has so many stops. There is a stop just near the hotel, but there were roadworks while we were there, so we had a 5-10 minute walk to get to the next stop.We booked a guided tour to Windsor Castle, Stonehenge and Bath through Evan Evan's tours. This was a fantastic trip and I would highly recommend it. The castle was huge, Bath was so beautiful and Stonehenge was amazing. Our tour guide was quite funny and had some really interesting facts. We also went to Tower of London and we did the 3:30pm guided tour. I wouldn't recommend this as it doesn't leave enough time to look around on your own before the tower closes at 5:30pm. I would try and do an earlier tour at 12:30pm.There is a great little restaurant called &quot;Ask&quot; which is just around the corner from the Hotel. They served pizza &amp; pasta and was really affordable. The pizza was really delicious. We got take-away pizza one night and it was only 5 pound per pizza (this is cheaper than eating it there). Food in London was pretty expensive, but we enjoyed most places where we ate.Overall, I thought this was a really nice hotel. If I was to go back to London I would probably stay a little closer to Picadilly Circus as we like to be in the middle of all the action.	
Jun 19 2009 	Good hotel in good location	We stayed a total of 4 nights in two twin rooms. The rooms were a good size, comfortable and clean, with air conditioning. The staff was competent and helpful. The location is very good, close to Paddington Station and the park, in a good neighbourhood. Great views over London from the upper floors. The Island restaurant serves fine food. The hotel is good value for the money for this time of the year in London.Two minor negatives: A cold water tap in the bathroom of one of the twin rooms delivered hot water from time to time, and the internet access charge is very high (We are spoiled in North America with free internet access common in hotels).Overall a very good place to stay while in London.	
Jun 19 2009 	Excellent Business Hotel	I'm a regular business traveler to London and The Royal Lancaster is included in my company's list. I highly recommend this hotel - it's very comfortable, very clean, is excellently located right beside Hyde Park. My biggest positive is the staff and great service I consistently receive. Breakfast, to me the most important hotel catering service for the business traveller, is very good.If I was splitting hairs I would say that it can sometimes be busy, which detracts a little at breakfast if you have to wait to be seated. Also, it doesn't have a gym - the location of the park for running makes up for this in my view. Overall, no hesitation in making a recommendation.	
Jun 19 2009 	Lovely Hotel very friendly staff	We stayed at the Royal Lancaster for our 20th wedding anniversary. The staff made our stay very enjoyable and the flowers and chocolates were a lovely suprise, we will visit again.	
Jun 17 2009 	Favorite Hotel	Most impressed, and i have traveled extensively around the world. car parking a definate plus in central London.As in many other hotels allow sufficient time for registration and check out.	
Jun 15 2009 	What a gem in London	I've been to London many many times and usually stay in one of the converted hotels in the Kensington, Gloucester Road area or the Imperial Hotel at Russell Square. What a gem it was for me to stay in the Royal Lancaster twice on this trip. I had 2 nights on my own in London waiting for my husband to join me for our trip to St. Petersburg- I found an incredible rate of 91 pounds (no breakfast) but inclusive of VAT,etc on the Royal Lancaster website. The rate is the same for single or double occupancy for a superior room. The room although not spacious was big enough for a comfortable queen size bed and looking very smart and adequately equipped with all amenities including safe, flatscreen TV, writing table, internet facilities (not complimentary), airconditioning, nice compact bathroom and a lovely view. I'm not sure when the hotel was last refurbushed but the lobby, restaurants, lounge area were all very nice and plush. The Elizabeth Hotel across the road wanted to charge me 120 pounds for a very tired looking room on the top of narrow and creaky stairs and a lift barely enough for 1 person with luggage. A few years ago I was asked to pay 80 pounds for a single room at the Park International in Gloucester Road which was so tiny it was smaller than most standard bathrooms in one's home.I love the Royal Lancaster as it's a purpose built hotel - so there are no creaky floorboards and you can't hear people upstairs flushing their toilets. I arrived at Heathrow from HK at 6am and reached the hotel at 7.30am. I was pleasantly surprised that the room was ready for me to checkin. I found all their staff very efficient and courteous although the breakfast staff were a bit slow in replenishing glasses and plates. I had dinner at their Thai restaurant - service was good and there was also a nice vegetarian menu. The lounge on the 1st floor is very comfortable for relaxing and unwinding and reading the various daily newspapers.Location is also great - the underground is round the corner and buses across the road will connect you everywhere. Paddington station is within an 8 min walk and the lovely Hyde Park is just across the road and if you enjoy walking, you can even walk across the Park to Knightsbridge.After St. Petersburg, my husband had to return to Hong Kong and I stayed on in London for another 4 nights on my own. I was lucky to find yet another good rate for the Royal Lancaster, this time from bookinhotels.com at 112 pounds inclusive of continental breakfast and if you wanted to upgrade to the full English breakfast, you just pay an additional 2 pounds when you sit down to breakfast.I was also pleased that the hotel will store your luggage at no charge. In previous &quot;hotels&quot; in Gloucester Road, I've been made to pay a few pounds for each piece of luggage even for a few hours.This will definitely be my London hotel for future trips especially when I am travelling solo.Internet is not complimentary and the charge is 17 pounds per 24 hrs. But I have now found a cheap solution for those frequent UK travellers who have their own laptop and cannot do without checking their email or facebook. Get a mobile broadband gadget with a pay as you go SIM card. It is really very much cheaper. Frequent London visitors should also buy an Oyster card for travelling on underground and buses - much cheaper than getting the off Peak day travel cards.	
Jun 14 2009 	Reasonably good hotel	We stayed here previously in March 09 and I wrote a review about that stay. We stayed here again in May 09 and the hotel was much the same as last time. However, the room this time was not as good as the previous occasion as it was slightly smaller with less of a view. It was also quite a bit more expensive than last time, so I've marked it down on the 'value for money'. We tried the Island restaurant this time. It was nice but I have to say it was also the first time I've ever had fish and chips served in the 'nouvelle cuisine' style. I'm afraid it didn't work, but don't let that put you off, the restaurant was otherwise good. Breakfast was the usual hot buffet with scrambled egg and you do get a nice view from the breakfast room windows.	
Jun 13 2009 	Nice clean friendly hotel.	Me and my husband stayed there for 3 nights. The staff was friendly. The breakfast buffet vi payed for was continental breakfast, something we did not know before the first morning. We could upgrade up to English breakfast if we payed 2£ each per meal. Next time we don`t book breakfast because we can go out and eat cheap, good English breakfast at the pub nearby.We feeled us comfortable, the metro was nearby and the local streets were peaceful. The room was in the 10th floor, clean and standard (Norwegian) size. The furniture showed signs of ware but nothing to be worried about. The bath was small, nice and the most important; it was clean.	
Jun 9 2009 	Super Smart Hotel!	Great hotel - very smart and well maintained.Wonderful doormen, who always greet you with a smile as you enter and exit the hotel.Standard double room was more spacious and of a higher quality than expected, with good quality toiletries and fluffy robes included.Would recommend to anyone looking for a classy hotel close to Hyde Park.	
Jun 8 2009 	How much for a glass of Sambuca???	Great location, especially close to The Swan Inn next door.....Most impressive are the squishy squashy carpets in the lobby!The bar staff behind the temporary bar in the Nine Kings Suite are robotic (£70 for a bottle of red, £70 for a bottle of white, £70 for a bottle of rose, £70, £70, £70 etc etc etc).Lastly, if anyone finds a false eyelash, it's mine!X	
Jun 7 2009 	Wonderful place to stay	My husband &amp; I stayed here for 5 nights. The hotel was next to the underground &amp; right across from Hyde Park/Kensington Gardens. We stayed in a traditional double room. Compared to European standards the room was bigger than I expected. It was very clean as well as the bathroom. The marble bathroom was spotless. The bed was very comfortable. The A/C worked perfectly &amp; there was even an American outlet so I could charge my cell phone without having to buy an adapter. I did book an enhancement of breakfast at The Island restaurant with my reservation &amp; the food was fantastic. The concierge &amp; restaurant staff were very courteous &amp; helpful. I would definitely stay here again. It was very cheap to stay here compared to the other prices I saw for smaller rooms further away from central London or an Underground station. Recommend it to everyone.If interested, about 3 blocks away is a pub called The Victoria that had fantastic food &amp; beer &amp; across from it was an Indian restaurant called Noorjhan (sp?) that was very good too. There was also an Italian &amp; Chinese restaurant on the same block that we didn't go to. We also ate at another pub also about 2-3 blocks away called The Mitre that also had great food.	
Jun 2 2009 	A Very Welcoming Hotel	We are always put at ease by a friendly welcome from Doreen Soltan their Guest Relations Manager. The breakfast is one of the best we have experienced in London. Situation across from Hyde Park but close to a Tube station is relaxing. The bar and lounge area is a great place to meet friends.	
Jun 1 2009 	Ok if you have a room with a view	This hotel is walking distance to Paddington Station and convenient for the Heathrow Express which is why I chose it. I enjoyed an upgrade to a room with a view of Hyde Park and that made the stay for me. The big challenge of this large and somewhat soul-less hotel is there is not much choice of places to eat and drink in the surrounding area. I tried the Thai restaurant in the hotel which was OK, but nothing special and the local pub, the Swan serves a reasonable pint of Fullers London Pride. I would stay here again if I had an early morning flight out of Heathrow and wanted to be close to Paddington, but other hotels are more convenient for shops, theatres and museums.	
May 31 2009 	The extra mile	We've stayed here a number of times over the past several years. The Hyde Park location is perfect for an easy stroll over to Knightsbridge or South Ken, Oxford Street or Bayswater. This time the aircon sound in our room bothered us. Not a problem: the hotel went all out to make sure we were happy, and Sandra from the front desk was simply fantastic. We were offered the choice of a number of rooms and quickly found one we were very happy with. A very pleasant experience.We're told the hotel is improving its facilities and adding a gym. My only gripe is the internet connection. (The wi-fi, at least on the 17th floor, is painfully slow, so use the Ethernet connection which is excellent.) In either case, the £ 17 charge for 24 hours access strikes me as greedy; free internet access is quickly becoming an expected feature and the hotel should address this soonest.That aside, we're perfectly happy, and we'll be back at the Royal Lancaster on our next London visit.	
May 31 2009 	After many visits	We always enjoy our stays at Royal Lancaster, as the staff are always so welcoming, pleasant with nothing too much trouble from the greeting at the door on arrival onwards. Maybe it’s because at certain times of the year our stays are quite frequent but we always do feel ‘at home’. Its not home - but the nearest you will get from any hotel. We have been using this hotel for three years are very happy with the service and would not wish to change.	
May 28 2009 	Great service	I have stopped at the Royal Lancaster on a number of occasions and always find the staff very helpful. The rooms are always clean and well presented and great views of Hyde park from some of the rooms and the restaurant.	
May 25 2009 	Fab location - warm 	Went for a weekend trip visiting friends in London. First night dined out, on the second night we tried the Thai restaurant, Nipa on the recommendation of a member of staff, the food was fantastic, the ambience was very authentic and the restaurant manager was lovely. Room was ok what I'd expect for a London hotel, location by Hyde Park was great especially as the weather was nice went for a nice walk. Would definitely come and stay here again.	
May 25 2009 	Great Location for Exploring London	Large modern hotel. Room and bathroom very nice, clean. Just around the corner from a great Tube station (Lancaster Gate), across from Hyde Park: makes a routine of morning walk in the park or viewing the art hanging on the rail along Bayswater Road, sightseeing around London, home for a rest, out for dinner very easy. Friendly staff, a bit overwhelmed by groups checking in or out.	
May 24 2009 	Better than home from home!	I am a regular guest at the hotel and have been for a few years now; the hotel is convenient for our London office and also offers the best value accommodation of its standard in the Paddington area. On a few lucky occasions I have been allocated the more luxurious rooms and on one memorable occasion a suite when they have been particularly full. However, imagine my delight on the 22nd April when I arrived as usual and had been not only allocated a lovely corner executive suite but there were some really lovely personal touches- fresh fruit,bottled water and a personal letter from the client relationship manager. I am a single parent and I particularly appreciate the luxurious touches that I receive in the hotel but don`t have access to at home (also the peace and quiet and being able to watch what I want on the television!).The restaurants are particularly good; I love the Thai food in Nipa which is second to none and my particular favourite is the risotto in the Island restaurant. The staff always try to encourage me to try something different but I love it so much that I am happy to have it again and again!They know me now because I have it every time that I stay.I always recommend the hotel to my colleagues, the Royal Lancaster is very convenient for both our office and Oxford Street!I will continue to stay here both as a business guest but also on a personal level as I have family trips planned in the very near future. The hotel is conveniently situated almost above a tube station and is very close to Paddington mainline station( but far enough away for this not to be an issue!-no noise!). It is also directly opposite the Italian Gardens in Hyde Park so breakfast is usually spent gazing over the morning mist above the fountains. Hyde Park is also worth exploring, with the Boating Lake, Rotten Row, the Princess Diana Memorial Fountain and Play area.The views from the upper floors are stunning especially at night and you can see Battersea Power Station, the London Eye, The Gherkin, Natwest tower, Post Office Tower-not all from the same window, but in certain suites it is near as damn it!Thank you Royal Lancaster for always making me welcome again and again!	
May 21 2009 	Very good but some things could be better	This hotel is very nice and big. Good location near Lancaster tube station. Paddington station not far away. I liked my room very much. Warm colours, nice and ok size. Bathroom was very nice with all marble. But a little tiny. But I can't really complain because I got a good price for this room when I booked almost 1 month in advance.Waited a long time to check in. Only 1 woman at reception! 2 ladies discussing a lot with rec. so I had to wait. Finally after 10 minutes one more woman came to reception and I could check in to my room. Not a good start!Aircondition hardly worked, even at full speed. I used room service 2 times. 1. time early and the food came after 1 h 30 min.! They said it took 25 min.Next time food was on time.I stayed for 2 nights. In the morning at check out I got the invoice from roomservice. I just signed and leaved it with the keys and got out. I didn't have to talk to reception at all. So check out was very good.Liked:design of room/hotellocationcleanpricecheck outmarble bathbeddisliked:slow incheckslow roomservice 1. timeairconditionthin wallsWill be back.	
May 19 2009 	great value and location	Just got back from a short weekend stay- and overall was really impressed with everything in this hotel.Breakfast and service were great- room service too ws great even after midnight.My husbands only gripe ws that the bed was not very long( he's only 5ft 9ins).The location of the hotel is great-close to tube- pub( swan next door )and across from the park.Much better than I expected and far better for the price than most hotels we have stayed in capital cities throughout Europe. Would recommend and return if visiting London again.	
May 13 2009 	All in all a good stay	Stayed here for 3 nights at the end of April. Had a room on the 17th floor, a king sized room - deluxe double city view. We could see the London Eye from the room (if that gives you perspective of the view).The room was clean, large enough (big enough for the king sized bed, two chairs, and a desk and desk chair), with sufficient closet space for the two of us. The bath was clean, and sufficiently large. Overall the hotel was quiet, even though there were meetings and events happening at the hotel. The concierge was very helpful, as was the doorman, in directing us to The Swan for a pint or to various restaurants we wanted to try. The hotel is also ultra-convenient to the tube stop. I have absolutely no complaints about my stay. We did not eat in the hotel, but chose to walk down the road to various breakfast places, and there are several restaurants in walking distance for dinner. I think it was good value for the room rate. I'd stay here again without question.	
May 13 2009 	Best hotel in london we have stayed at in london so far	london is a very expensive city and hotels are very expensive. we go to london often and always change hotels. we finally found a good hotel with good bed. my only complaint is it was a bit noisy. but it was very clean, the beds were good, there are 2 tube stations very close. there are good places to eat (indian and italian) a fruit stand close. the staff is very nice and helpful. for the price, the location i would recommend this hotel. we booked through hotels.com and paid $141 a night. this hotel has beautiful views however i would not pay to have a view room. the hotel is on the street so i would request a floor as high as possible. the noise we had problems with was from the doors and neighbors. thin walls	
May 11 2009 	FAB FAB FAB	Have just spent the most amazing evening at The Royal Lancaster celebrating a friends Birthday. We were lucky enough to have two adjoining rooms on the 18th Floor overlooking Hyde Park. It's hard to believe that you were in one of the most crowded cities in the world. The cleanliness of the Hotel was fantastic. We ate in the Nipa Restaurant, which offered wonderful food, and opting for the fixed menu, was reasonably priced. The drinks were a little expensive in the lounge area, but the service offered by the friendly staff was wonderful.Thank you to all staff at The Royal Lancaster who maintain high standards throughout the Hotel.	
May 11 2009 	A few hiccups but not too bad	This hotel has been thoroughly reviewed with mixed comments. I think it depends on the room and view in many cases. I had booked a superior room and was disappointed to be given a view of rooftops with a tiny bit of green viewscape if I stood at the window (14th floor, room 1411). This was an interconnecting room and I could hear very clearly the conversation of the couple in the next room. Given that I had paid extra for the park vew, I asked to be changed and like a previous reviewer, it took 3 calls and 45 minutes before I was shown another room. I just warn other travellers that the so-called view of the park is a side view unless you are in a suite. I am not sure if it is different from the other side of the building. My new room on the 13th floor (room 1323) had still no full view of the park, but better than the first. The room was bright and airy. With the opening windows, I had no need for A/c or heating during my 5 day stay. I also had no problems with noise from the next room - I think the door in adjoining rooms lessens the soundproofing. The bathroom was very good, with marble finish and good quality towels, etc. I was annoyed that towels were changed when I put them on the hook, even though they have environmental messages on display.The wifi internet is efficient, but very expensive. With many modern hotels around the world now offering complimentary wifi, it would be a good addition to this hotel.The taxi drivers grumbled about the short fare to and from the hotel to Paddington. If you have cabin luggage or light luggage, it is really walkable, but not with my heavy suitcase and briefcase. It doesn't claim to be a 5 star hotel, but I would rate it 3 plus. The desks and furniture in the rooms are shabby and tired, but beds comfy and the large flat screen tv was very good. I would stay here again - as others have said, the location is fantastic.	
May 8 2009 	Ideal headquarters	I stayed here for ten nights. Most of the TripAdvisor reviews had been pretty good, so I expected the hotel would be pretty good, too. It was, in my opinion, far better than merely pretty good. First of all, the location at Lancaster Gate, right at the split between Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens, is convenient to everything. Moreover, the Tube stop (on Central Line) is only about 50 yards from the front door. The staff was uniformly polite, cheerful, and helpful. They always called me by name on the telephone. The hotel is very well kept, both in terms of the condition of the place and its cleanliness. My room happened to be larger than usual with a brilliant view over Hyde Park and toward Big Ben, but I saw other, smaller rooms on the other side, as well, and they were very acceptable. The bathroom is not huge, but it is marble and has Gilbert and Soames toiletries, good towels with a heated towel rack, and a large bathtub. The hotel provides turndown service. The rooms come with a flat-screen TV, minibar, bathrobes, and safe. Also, the windows open a bit, so you are not dependent on air conditioning for air. The two hotel restaurants (English and Thai, respectively) are highly rated, although pricey. The area the hotel is in (Bayswater) is fine. Not fancy, but good. There is one pub a block-and-a-half away, and then much more stuff about four blocks away in the area of Paddington Station. Paddington, by the way, is the London terminus for the Heathrow Express train from Heathrow, so it is extremely convenient in that respect, as well. So, I must say I do not understand some of the reviews that get posted on TripAdvisor. It seems as though people are shocked they are not getting Peninsula quality even though they are in a hotel at a third of the price. This was a wonderful hotel and I would happily stay here again anytime.	
May 8 2009 	NIce "Old England" hotel	I had the luck to be upgraded to the &quot;Royal Suite&quot; (really huge), so my stay at the Royal Lancaster was absolutely pleasant. Wonderful view on Hyde Park.All in all a good hotel, even if rooms have a very old furniture. Nice bar and restaurant, and good service.	
May 1 2009 	Good when compared with European Standards	My sister and I stayed there for 3 nights and overall I would rate our stay as a 7. Upon arrival we checked in and were sent to our room where we were given a king size bed instead of the two twin beds. When we called the front desk they said they'd immediately send someone up to help us with our luggage and give us a key to a new room, unfortunately though it took 3 follow up calls and around 30-40min for someone to finally show up and escort us to our new room. The rooms in general however are substantially big when put into comparison with a lot of other hotels around the area. The only major drawbacks were that the walls were paper thin (so much so that we could hear doors closing and phones ringing in the rooms next to us at 7am); and housekeeping took a rather long time (most days we left at 10am and got back around 5pm,and our room still wasn't made up). The best thing about this hotel though is the location and the views! Its centrally located next to Hyde Park/Kensington Gardens and offers a spectacular view of the surrounding neighborhood. Overall, for the price I would definitely stay at this hotel again, and most likely will this coming summer.	
Apr 29 2009 	Amazing hotel with fantastic staff	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights to celebrate my 50th birthday. The level of customer service was some of the best I've ever experienced - especially from reception and restaurant staff. We were asked if we were staying for a special reason (my 50th) - then came back the following day to a bottle of champagne on ice courtesy of the hotel! The city view room on the 8th floor still had panoramic views of the park as well as London's West End - it couldn't be faulted. We'll definitely be going there again and recommending it to all our friends and family.	
Apr 28 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic!	This has been the second time that I have had the pleasure to stay at this hotel, and both times I have been amazed. The level of professionalism, the friendliness of the staff and the cleanliness of the rooms have been superb. On this occasion, our room was upgraded to a suite - and boy was I surprised. The views from this hotel are breathtaking - and it is in such a great location!I really would recommend this hotel to anyone, whether you're on a business trip or coming to explore the wonders of London with your family. This hotel is definately my favourite, and should I need to stay in a hotel in London again, the Royal Lancaster Hotel will definately be my hotel of choice!	
Apr 25 2009 	Wonderful stay. Would highly recommend.	The Royal Lancaster Hotel is a fantastic hotel situated opposite Hyde Park and right along side Lancaster Gate tube station, so it is in a great location. The staff were very friendly and really couldn't do enough to help during our stay. We actually got upgraded to one of the Royal Suites which really made our stay extra special - that rooms really is something else! We usually stay at the Waldorf Hilton when we travel to London, but as we were travelling with others who wanted a triple room (which is not available at the Waldorf) we thought we'd try the Royal Lancaster. We were not disappointed at all - the location, quality of rooms, the staff and the excellent breakfast were all first rate. We will definately stay again.	
Apr 24 2009 	value for money	very good hotel, easy access from and to paddington (HEX), close to Hyde Park, right on top of tube station, friendly staff - all in all good value for money	
Apr 24 2009 	Wow what a lovely experience	My wife and I stayed here this week for part of our Anniversary, we had a beautiful experience, the staff were very professional and the rooms clean and tidy with great views of Hyde park, excellent location for travelling around London. A definate recommendation is to experience the delicious food in the Island Restaurant, wow not just delicious food and very elegant designing, the staff really made us feel like royalty.	
Apr 22 2009 	Nice and cosy hotel	Despite the fact that it is a big turist hotel, the room was very clean, elegant and cozy, normal size, quiet and confortable! The view from the room was impressive and relaxing. The staff was polite and helpful. The location is perfect for underground acces to the central line and to the Paddington station and a little bit to far for walking to the city center, but London is a very big town, you should use the metro or the buses anyway. Around the hotel is the charming Hyde Park and a nice residential very british area. For the rates around 100 pounds that we have find it on their website, we have really enjoyed our stay in this hotel! But, we had some small annoying problems: 1. despite our reservation made with few months in advance, when we arrived at the hotel, thay said that they don't have any available double smoking room, so we stayed one night in a twin room and next day they have transformed our bed in one king size bed; 2. the housekeeper did not refill with sugar for the coffee machine; 3. one day, we have found the housekeeper's garbage bag forgotten in our room, between our luggages; 4. another day, we have make a stop to the hotel in the afternoon, but we could not enter in the room not even for 2 minutes, because the housekeeper who did not understand that we needed only to stay a moment there. It is not fair to underrate the hotel for these issues, because they did not spoil our nice stay in London, but I consider it good to be know that this kind of small inconveniences could appear...	
Apr 14 2009 	great hotel definately recommend {easter break}	great location stunning views over hyde park stayed on 7th floor room 727 royal suite everything in the room was spot on , conclerges and staff very nice people and very helpful . we was delighted with our stay overall excellent wouldn't hesitate to go back with my small grandchildren {you feel very safe there} thank you for a wonderful stay and to all staff for making our stay with you very enjoyable	
Apr 9 2009 	Well situated hotel with friendly staff	The Hotel's location, just off Hyde Park/Kensington Gardens and immediately above Lancaster Gate tube were ideal for our stay. The public rooms are well appointed and although some may see them as &quot;old fashioned&quot; lent an air of genteel class - especially the Lounge bar. Stayed on the 6th floor, so view was not stunning although being in a corner room we did have a partial &quot;park&quot; view, which was a bonus having paid for a &quot;city&quot; view room (and reduced the amount of &quot;passing traffic&quot; on the corridor). The room was beginning to show a few signs of wear and tear (scuffs on the walls and a few scratches here and there) but nothing worth complaining about, particularly given the comfort of the large double bed. Bathroom was perhaps a little small, but clean and serviceable with a decent shower. Our experience of the staff confirms the hotel's view that customer service is important as we found everybody unfailingly pleasant and helpful. Nipa Thai Restuarant was a particular high-point, the food there being excellent and not as expensive as I would have expected (and nice if you can be allocated to Nipa for breakfast and get a window table, breakfast overlooking the Italian Garden is one of life's little pleasures). On the downside, as you would expect with a 4* London Hotel, bar prices are bordering on eye-watering (nearly £15 for a beer and a vodka and tonic, which came as a bit of a shock to this northerner) and we would possibly have felt that the breakfast prices were excessive had we not had this as part of the package. These two points are the reason for the slightly lower rating I've given for value. The air conditioning in the room could also do with being upgraded to something a bit quieter.	
Apr 5 2009 	not the place if you want decent internet access or to work at night	Great location but hotel sadly needs an update of bathrooms and sleeping rooms. Internet access was a short cable on top of the dresser, which made it extremely difficult to work. TV's barely worked, and not just in my room -- my colleagues had the same experience. Internet access was spotty and often lost connections. Otherwise, food was decent; service was good. Meeting rooms were fine and staff was accommodating. On a small note, businss center charges for printing were outrageous -- one british pound per page!	
Apr 1 2009 	Fab hotel would definately recommend	Comfortable good size rooms with fantastic views. The bathroom was lovely with stunning views over the city from the shower! The location is ideal with a 2 min walk from the tube - a huge benefit after a days sightseeing! The breakfast was good and we had great table overlooking hyde park, it was part of our hotel room rate, however it may not have been worth the £20 walk in rate...Staff were friendly and very happy to help at all times.It was ideal for a weekend stay - there were no immediate shops nearby so may not suite a longer stay but I really would recommend this hotel for a great central base to get around London	
Mar 21 2009 	Fine after mix up sorted	Despite checking their website and the website for Agency I booked with, and making a special request on the booking form for a good view, I was disappointed to say the least to be given a room on the 4th floor with a spectacular view of the car park. A call to reception and a word with the manageresss resulted in a welcome 'complimentray upgrade' (despite the fact I understood that was the room type I'd booked) to the 17th floor, which afforded fantatstic views over London and Hyde Park. Rooms are well appointed, staff are very friendly and helpful. Didin't eat at any of the 2 restaurants or have (pricey) breakfast so can't comment on food standards.As other reviewers have noted, great location and very handy for the tube. Would stay again.	
Mar 20 2009 	Solid choice for this area.	A large and typical 4* city hotel, very popular (at least during the summer) with Arab guests including many large family groups.(This does mean additional Middle Eastern breakfast items on the buffet though, which is great!) Staff clearly well trained and all were efficient and friendly (particularly front desk who were great &amp; extremely polite). Concierges were also very helpful with information and maps/leaflets. The hotel public areas are a little dated but classical with botanical style prints on the walls.The breakfast restaurant however had been made-over and is very modern and quite funky. It's airy and overlooks the edge of the greenery of Hyde Park.Standard rooms are small (bathrooms are so tiny you can barely turn round) but have an arm chair squeezed in and a flat screen TV. Good quality bed linen. Some have a park view. Ask for a high floor to overlook the rooftops of London towards Wembley stadium in the far distance. On top of a Tube station so extremely convenient. The park literaly over the road is fantastic for jogging, strolling on the grass or to the gallery, the Lido, the Serpentine. It's maybe 30 mins through the park to the Mall, Knightsbridge (try getting your take away lunch from Harrods food hall &amp; eating in the park) and to Mayfair. Recommend the Thai restaurant - not expensive, friendly and good quality (I live in SE Asia) Overall, a good choice and fair value for money, considering London prices.	
Mar 19 2009 	out of this world	the minute i walked through the door i was greeted with warmth and part of the family. the reception staff were so polite and friendly and asked me many questions to assit me with my stay. the room was spacious and immaculate clean with a great pslama for me to watch my favourite sports. The food from room serivce was great and it was prompt. this hotel was great and i will stay again.	
Mar 9 2009 	Superb! Wonderful experience!	Fantastic location! Probably the best views of London from any central hotel? I found the staff exceptionally efficient and friendly without being &quot;in one's face&quot;, just perfectly &quot;there&quot; and on hand whenever needed.Food in the Island restauarant of superb quality, with exceptional service! Thoroughly enjoyed the unique atmosphere in the lounge whilst enjoying post-pradial drinks! Lovely!Room was lovely to wake up to, especially with those superb, panoramic views of the capital! Heavenly in more ways than one!	
Mar 8 2009 	Good Location Great views of London!	Stayed on the 13th floor which had great views looking towards the BT tower, London eye and the Gurkin. Room was smallish but more than adequate. The bed was very comfortable with very soft luxurious sheets! Got back to hotel around midnight and requested more coffee and milk, which was brought up to us within 5 mins. Felt checkout was slightly impersonal as our receipt was left under the door during the night with instructions to leave keys in room with no need to checkout at reception.Didn't have breakfast as expensive, however if we could afford to pay the normal room rate probably wouldn't think so!! Overall a very nice hotel!!	
Mar 8 2009 	Great hotel in a superb location very friendly staff	I booked a room for my grandmothers 90th birthday visit to london and could not have chosen better. We were given a cheerful bright and airy room with dramatic views over London and Hyde Park, which just got better as day passed into night with the wonderful city lights. The room was well equiped and the tea and coffee facilities in room, a nice touch.From the moment we arrived to the moment we left, the staff could not have been more helpful, friendly, warm and welcoming. Breakfast was substantial, delicious and served overlooking the lovely fountains in Hyde Park.The hotel was in a perfect location with the park on it's doorstep and very quick to the West End and the new shopping centre at Westfield which we all visited.Thank you for a memorable stay!	
Mar 2 2009	hotel godd staff brilliant continental breakfast rubbish!	stayed at this hotel on saturday night and overall was very pleased with my choice. the hotel is in a fantastic location and first impressions were very good. a slight hiccup with the room was sorted quickly by polite and efficient reception staff. the room was spotless if a little small, but had a lovely view of the park.... definately ask for a higher floor room. nice comfy beds and a good shower... only real complaint was that the hairdryer was a cheap fixed to the wall type in the bathroom - and was broken. i mentioned this on checkout and the member of staff that i spoke to resolved the complaint swiftly and without argument to my satisfaction - but take your own hairdryer if you need one!my room came with continental breakfast, which was the only real disappointment of my stay. if i were to pay seperately for this i believe it would have been around £20. im pleased i didnt. although the food was fine, there was a very limited selection and i wasnt offered coffee until i had finished eating! i appriciate that hotel breakfasts are expensive because of the convenience and i cant comment on the full breakfast option but i did feel as if the continental breakfast option was a bit of an afterthought of the hotel.all in all a pleasant stay in a nice room and a convienient location, with brilliant staff. just pop to a coffee shop for your breakfast bagel unless you go the whole hog.	
Mar 2 2009 	Great location and good value!	Very good location, literallly around the corner from the tube and over the road from hyde park. Fairly standard 4 star with friendly and helpful staff and decent rooms. We had two twin rooms, they were clean and well presented. Wheels on the bed were slighlty irritating, they slid all over the place if you leaned on them! The adjoining door was opened on the 2nd night which made life a bit easier for the 4 of us when getting ready to go out. Continental breaskfast was ok, nothing very exciting and the foreign waiting staff left a lot to be desired, little or no communication at all.Overall a very well located and well kept hotel, if not slightly impersonal.	
Feb 28 2009 	Treated like Royalty.	The stay was for my parents as a present. It was also my mum's birthday and they have said they were treated like royalty. The staff &amp; service was excellent and they wouldn't hesitate to stay at the hotel again. So, Thank you to everyone that made their stay an enjoyable one.x	
Feb 26 2009 	Location is Excellent	Royal Lancaster has a good location, I have stayed many times there and I really like that is only 5 min away from paddington train station, right on top of Lancaster Gate tube station and Hyde Park is right there.I got a great rate for an Executive room using Expedia and I had plenty of space in my room... and a fantastic view!The hotel is not luxurius, but has a huge bar/tea place, 2 restaurants, large elevators and all members of the staff are very helpful.It is a good choice for business and tourism.	
Feb 12 2009 	A truly wonderful stay in an excellent hotel.	I visited the Royal Lancs in January 2009,suffice it to say the hotel was very good and the bedrooms superb.Restaurant and bar service prompt but unobtrusive and the restaurants are of a very high calibre.Probably the most pleasing aspect was the calmness throughout the hotel and it was a most stress free weekend.The ability to park on site was also very useful.	
Feb 10 2009 	Great room prices - Exorbitant prices for extras	Stayed there for one night. Room price with park view 129 GBP, which is reasonable considering the location and high room quality. I strongly recommend paying the surcharge for a room with a view of Hyde Park and the London Eye. Good service - except that I was first given a key to a room that was impossible to get into - even an employee's master key could not open it.The downside is exorbitant prices for everything once you are there and can't check out. For example, the room price excludes VAT (oh yes, it is written in the tiniest of print when you book). Breakfast is 18-20 GBP plus service charge - and it was nothing special, for example the orange juice tasted as if it was from concentrate. A colleague of mine stayed at the same hotel for several nights. On the second morning he was so outraged about the breakfast prices that he walked for 10 minutes to get breakfast at a nearby cafe for 5 GBP. Internet 17 GBP for 24 hours.Dinner at the adjoining Islands restaurant is good and surprisingly reasonably priced.	
Jan 31 2009 	Faecal smears on bathrobes!	We stayed 2 nights and upgraded to an executive suite upon arrival. Imagine our surprise when my fiancee donned the hotel bathrobe to find a 10x10cm faecal smear located on the inner aspect of the robe after puuting it on. If this wasn't bad enough, we had to call reception 3 times over a 40 min period to have the robe attended to and taken away. This would be something to expect whilst backpacking and not in a 4 star in central London. A fruit platter was given as an apology.Service in the business was cold and efficient.Overall a nice hotel located right next to the Underground and Hyde Park.	
Jan 27 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic Hotel	Travelling down to London with friends to watch a West End show raised many questions about what hotel to stay in, location, star rating, budget etc.Hearing so many horror stories we chose to use the Royal Lancaster as friends had recommended it after a lovely break that they had recently enjoyed.From arriving through the door, to leaving the following day, the whole experience was exquisite.The reception staff and concierge were fantastic and friendly, the reception spacious and tactfully decorated with the most fantastic plants. The room was lovely with fantastic panoramic views over London.The bar was not excessively priced, although not the cheapest either.The bed! Probably the best sleep I have had in a hotel in years.I would whole heartily recommend to anybody.	
Jan 23 2009 	Surpassed our expectations	This hotel exceeded our expectations in almost every way. The location is perfect, close to Oxford Street (and all the sales) and to other central London shopping areas. There is a tube station right under the Hotel (but don't worry, you cant hear it). Service is very good, the rooms are well equipped, modern and spacious (go for one of the top floor rooms, the views alone are worth the small extra, Hyde Park is opposite the hotel). The Thia restaurant is one of the best, and not too expensive, and the Island restaurant serves traditional English dishes to a very good standard. Like anything, especially hotels, you have to compare price with quality, and this hotel really rates as excellent, its very good value if you are looking for superior accommodation and facilities in a very central London location, this is hard to beat. We are going back.	
Jan 4 2009 	Great location terrible service...	Location is great but the service was some of the worst I have ever experienced - from being asked by a waitress at breakfast whether &quot;I was really going to eat all that&quot;, being hurried out of breakfast and when friends joined our table being told they couldn't have place settings and would have to sit elsewhere (despite it the table being for at least 6) as they were trying to clear our table to ordering room service which never arrived, luggage not being delivered to the room.....The attitude of all bar the managerial staff was poor. When we checked in, there was only one member of staff on reception and so we were kept waiting for about half an hour. Finally, the lifts are slow beyond belief so we regularly hiked up to the 14th floor.These are just a few of the incidents we experienced in our 2 night stay!All in all, a disappointing stay considering the room rate and location. I would warn anyone thinking of staying there to look elsewhere and only stay there if you are prepared for poor service where the staff appear to feel like they are doing the clientele a favour in doing their jobs. Having stayed at a hotel in Budapest just a few days previously, the contrast in service and manners was startling - Budapest hospitality wins on every level.	
Dec 30 2008	Average hotel	Stayed here for only one night and was out for most of the evening so I didn't really sample the general facilities of the hotel. It's in a nice location next to a large park and only a couple of minutes walk from Lancaster Gate underground rail station.Reception was friendly even though I arrived before check-in time and they helpfully asked housekeeping to prioritise getting my room ready. I had pre-paid for the room and although as usual they still wanted my credit card they did not get cross (some do!) when I refused.The hotel appears quite upmarket with lots of regal-looking marble and so on if you like that sort of thing. It's quite big but fairly deserted and it felt quite spooky when sitting completely on my own in some of their large public areas.My room on 6th floor was very ordinary and small. I pretty much expected this for central London however. It was clean though and the bed was fairly comfortable; although the view was onto a main road there was not much noise either from traffic or other guests. There was the usual TV, coffee-making stuff, and hairdryer but that was about it.Downsides were that I discovered about 2AM that the sink and bathtub did not work (water not draining away) but I was too tired to get it fixed and checking out the next morning anyway. Also I was careful to put &quot;do not disturb&quot; on the door but was woken TWICE first when they wanted to clean the room and then by a lady wanting to count the minibar. A reasonable place to spend the night but that's all.	
Dec 29 2008 	Great location and hotel - little pricey	Stayed at the Royal Lancaster Hotel for a short break end of December 2008. Great location overlooking Hyde Park and just a minutes walk from Lancaster Gate underground station. Only downside, prices high in the bar. Also, English breakfast was to order and not buffet style. Apart from that would recommend.	
Nov 19 2008 	A new guilty pleasure in Lonson	I made my booking thru the BA website. I travel to London about 4 times a year, and since the hotel I normally book was closed for renovations I was seeking a new hotel that would satisfy my business needs as well as personal. I usually stay in the Knightsbridge area, so being on the other side of the park was to be an experience.The hotel was gracious and clean, and I enjoyed the standard room located at the very end of the hallway, which quietly (key!!) looks out over Sussex Gardens, and a stones throw from Paddington, where there are good restaurants, convenience stores, and the Heathrow Express. Having Hyde Park across the street is a wonderful benefit, right next to the Italian Gardens.Breakfast was fine, and having a coffee maker in the room was an added bonus. Any calls made to housekeeping were promptly attended to.I plan on visiting London in early December and have already booked my room at the Royal Lancaster...my new favorite.	
Nov 10 2008 	Enjoyable stay	This was my second stay at the Royal Lancaster, and was every bit as enjoyable as the first.The price of a stay is quite expensive, but you have to expect that being in London, most good quality hotels are.As the hotel is a high rise building the views of London are breathtaking, if you are lucky enough to be on one of the top floors.The rooms are comfortable and clean, and are provided with toilettries, robes and slippers.Also the room had a mini-bar, flat screen Tv and tea making facilities.The function I attended in the hotel was well run to every detail.Looking forward to our next visit.	
Nov 3 2008 	Very average experience	Stayed here on business for 6 days. The location was good, around the corner from Lancaster Gate tube station and not too far from Paddington station. The room was clean, the washroom a bit small - definitely couldn't fit 2 people using the sink at once. The hotel boasts rooms with views of Hyde Park, unfortunately, the view from my room was of the hotel across the street. Good amenities, warm towels, TV, desk, comfy bed...That said, there were a number of things I didn't enjoy about my stay. For one, it was an inconvenience to have to loan an iron and board and return them after 1 hour, as there were not enough for everyone. The overall look of the hotel was dated, the carpeting in the lobby looked like it could use a good wash. The concierge service was hit and miss, depending on who was working. Some days I would get plenty of dinner suggestions and other days I would be told to walk down a particular street (there were only 4/5 restaurants on that strip, not a great selection).	
Nov 2 2008 	great location- but cheeky bar and restaurant prices	The entrance and lobby area are impressive. Quality of rooms are ok -but a little small.Staff we wonderfully helpful.But what cheeky prices in the bar- £5.50 for a small glass of house red, plus service charge.The same applies to the restaurant- £70 for a meal for two with only mains and wine!But it is a lovely, good value hotel.	
Oct 31 2008 	Second visit- still worthwhile!	My husband and I have just returned from our second visit to the hotel -we visited in October last year. We were given an upgrade to a room on the 13th floor- unlucky for some!!?- not for us, it was very pleasant with wonderful views over Hyde Park and the city. The room was a reasonable size, nice decor,carpets and good lighting. The bed was king size and comfortable.The bathroom however was extremely small (a minor issue we thought but needed mentioning!) very clean, not a large bath/shower but quite deep, good quality towels and bathrobes- plenty of hot water at all times of the day.We didn't eat in the hotel at all (breakfast wasn't included in the deal this time) but we remember it was fine last year. We did have drinks in the hotel on a couple of occasions late evening and found this to be expensive but this is a hotel in London and drinks are pricey anywhere in the London bars! However,having to pay twelve and a half per cent service charge for waiter service when we ordered drinks in the hotel bar is unnecessary!!Overall we can't really fault the hotel- it has a smart entrance,very pleasant staff, and is in a very good location- a couple of minutes walk to Lancaster Gate tube station and next to Hyde Park- which is certainly worth a leisurely stroll.We will certainly stay again on our next visit.	
Oct 14 2008 	Poor Service	We stayed at the Royal Lancaster recently and were disappointed by the service we received. We were part of a group and the hotel wanted everyone to fill out a form with their personal details before they would allocate us our room keys. This took over an hour just to check in. These forms could have been sent to us in advance to make our check in easier. The staff at reception seemed to be inconvenienced as our group filled the lobby whilst filling in these forms. The group leaders offered to fill out the forms if the group signed them to allow everyone to get into their rooms after a long journey but this was refused until sometime later when the keys were eventually passed to us by a helpful receptionist who said as long as the forms were completed and handed in by 10pm we could go to our rooms.The room we checked into was a deluxe city view room on the 16th floor which has superb views across the city. the bed was huge and comfortable and there was an adequate supply of tea/coffee and Gilchrist and Soames toiletries. The room seemed to be clean apart from some dubious white stains on the chair.The hotel is in an excellent location with the tube station next door and Hyde Park across the road. Its also not too far to walk to get to Oxford Street for shopping.A word of warning, do not pay for breakfast here. I have stayed in many hotels in London and this is the worst breakfast that I have ever had. For some reason, our room only had one breakfast included in the rate. When we went down to get breakfast we were shown to a table for a buffet full English breakfast, which when we went to get it, all that was left was some sausage and scrambled eggs. There wasn't any toast, bacon, beans etc. The continental breakfast was sparse and we were only offered a small cup of cold coffee. Only when we started eating, were we told that only one breakfast was paid for in the rate. We just requested that the rest was charged to the room which we were told was fine. When we had finished eating and left we were chased out of the breakfast room by a waitress with a bill, to be told it couldn't be added to the room. This was very embarrassing to be told cash or card only in front of a packed breakfast room. We paid £22 for the breakfast for one person. On the next day as we were in a hurry, we decided to have breakfast which was freshly prepared and not buffet. As it was to be cooked for us we had higher expectations than the day before. We were shown to a table and were told a waitress would take our order. We waited 30 minutes for someone to take our order and a further 30 minutes for our food to arrive, which had been sat under a hotplate and had a skin on it. It was disgusting and not eatable. I have eaten better in a budget hotel and have had better service. As you probably realise room service in hotels usually has inflated prices but the Royal Lancaster takes the biscuit with a charge of £6.00 for a litre of mineral water, £8.00 for a pot of coffee and £4.50 for yoghurt. To have internet access its £17 which one of our group got caught out by as the charges are not clear.If you just want a nice room for the night this hotel is ok but if you want to use their dining facilities, forget it. Its a complete rip off and not to the standards expected of a four star hotel.	
Oct 12 2008 	Loved the Royal Lancaster London	We recently arrived in London after a long flight from LA. Booked into our hotel earlier than the recommended time but were immediately shown to our room. Clean comfortable, spacious and with great views. The service was great. We dined at both the restaurants and found them good value for money and the food at the Thai restaurant superb.Would recommend this hotel to any traveller to London and good location for tube etc.Anne and Bernie New Zealand	
Sep 24 2008 	Well worth it	I checked the hotel out on the net and had seen good reviews. I paid GB 115 in advance to the travel agent for four nights prior to travel. The check in was efficient and the lobby clean and reassuring .The room was very clean and tastefully decorated in a light beige colour. There was an ample supply of coffee, tea and biscuits with the tea maker.The linen was clean and new.The TV worked well.The bathroom was fully equipped and had Gilchrist and Soames toiletries.The 'power 'breakfast wasa good continental one with cheeze, ham and turkey besides the usual juice and cereal.It was good.The staff at the restaurant were very courteous and warm.The location was terrific, the tube precisely three minutes away and the beautiful Hyde Park just across the road.The comfort and location of the hotel really made my trip to London very enjoyable.Great value for money.Would definitely stay there again and would advise friends to do so.	
Sep 19 2008 	Nice Hotel	A nice option in the lovely Hyde Park area of london.Small rooms but to be expected in a London hotel. Not budget rates but its a proper hotel with restaurants and a nice if perhaps a bit Dead hotel bar. Nice pub just around the corner from the hotel though and right on top of Bayswater tube station. Beds were very comfortable and overall cant say anything bad about the hotel	
Sep 17 2008 	Nice Hotel..	I thought that the Royal Lancaster was a good hotel in a great location.The views from my room were amazing and I was very impressed with the level of cleanliness. The bed was exceptionally comfortable and the massive TV had probably the best selection of channels that I have come across in a hotel.The only let down was the long wait to check in as there was only one person on reception. This was a negative first impression.However, I would stay here again without hesitation.	
Sep 11 2008 	Average....	We stayed at this hotel as we was attending a function there. This is a very large hotel in a very good location. Our room was on the 8th floor, the room and bathroom were very small and compact. The docor was average and all was reasonably clean. We stayed just one night and had breakfast in the morning. Breakfast was poor to average. Toast and fried eggs had to be ordered but nobody told you this and by the time the eggs came breakfast was either cold or already eaten without them.Overall this is an average central london hotel, we paid £170 for B &amp; B. Although this hotel is in a good location I think it was too expensive.	
Aug 1 2008 	a list of good and not so good services for your reference	i just came back from london and stayed at Royal Lancaster for nearly 1 week. below is a list of + and -. hope helpful to you.Good Services:1. very good doctor as i sprain my ankel and he came and treated me. i am able to walk now even without the clutches. he is absolutely GOOD.2. the room service is really excellent - as i could not walk, i ordered food and ice from room service. the food was just 'yummy'.... try the smoked chicken sandwich...GOOD !3. friendly services in all their restaurants...really worthwhile to give tips!!!4. very good reception desk service - answered all your answers.5. reasonable and understanding checking out service. they have calculated my bill wrongly and i told them so. the reception immediately made amendment...GOOD!6. about the room - comfortable with some high park view. i like the clean towels. i also like the big bed...for 1 person only and they gave me a big bed! 7. LCD TV - model !!! Here comes the list of (-)... waiting to be improved:1. though LCD TV, not many English channels. almost all are of middle east languages. there is NO CNN or National Geographic, Geographic Animal Planet or the sciences channels in English. there is BBC but not enough! and when you press the tv guide, there is NO info at all ...! 2. the room is quite clean only - there are tea marks on the plates, the pillow cases are kind of mouldy...(reason: old cases). the floor carpet is not that clean...the dirt i made(bread crumbs) was not removed. 3. the bath tub is too high but the water is really good for there is temperature control.4. conceige dept...- more communication is required. i was told that i could only book dot to dot service 24 hrs. in advance but not more than that e.g. 30 hrs in advance. 5. for bedding, the opening of the quilt should be put at the end of the bed but not front of bed as guests will have body contact with the inside and this is not hygenic. 6. the safety box is useful in the room but...i recommend you to try a few times first before really putting jewels/passport in. the door - you need to know the tricks. Also, the buttons are NOT sensitive - you really have to press it hard ...anyway..i opened and closed it a few times a day because i got used to it and found it useful but ...remember... trial and error first......7. about the hangers...no hangers for dresses or trousers. they expect all your clothes are shirts!!!8. the cookies are really tasty but not the tea-bags!! 9. the air- conditioning is great but ...i have some trouble with the switching on and off of the lightings.... can never figure out the 'tricks'. you never know which is the central and the flow of it.... quite interesting electrical arrangements and control.10. last but not least... the hotel is basically quiet and nice..but not the guests....middle east women running around and yelling in the corridor and the children too....screaming....from morning to night...the worst is...the children played with the fire alarm system. the fire alarm system..suddenly scared you - not the fault of the hotel but ....the children who thought this kind of 'playing' is fun... well...just a few false alarm.... but how about if really there is fire!!! Overall rating of Royal Lancaster: 7/10 A VERY Good 3 Star or an average 4 Star hotel	
Jul 29 2008 	well located good hotel	My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights in late July. Having flown in to Heathrow, this hotel can be accessed by the Heathrow express to paddington or the much cheaper option that we took, tube to Lancater gate (change at earls court and Notting Hill gate)3 day tube travelcard was £20The hotel is a 1 minute walk from the station and on arrival staff were friendly and helpful. Our room was on the 3rd floor and despite not having the Hyde park views, I knew this on booking and could have opted to pay more.The room was medium sized at best but as with big cities, this is the trade off for good location. The room was clean and tidy and importantly air conditioned.The breakfast included in the deal we got with ebookers.ie included a continental breakfast and this can be upgraded to include the hot breakfast for £2 extra. In saying that, the continental breakfast was substantial enough included a buffet of brads, pastries, cereals, youghurts and cheeses.The Swan is mentioned a few times here and I would agree with the positive comments, it is a really nice pub and has good quality food. The hotel does not have a bar worth mentioning. There is a lobby area across from Nipa that is called the bar but this is void of atmosphere and provided my only negative of this hotel.We ate in the Island restaurant in the hotel (1 of 2 with Nipa being a Thai restaurant). The food was european style and the quality was excellent. The service was very good and it had a nice relaxed atmosphere.Overall, this is a fine hotel with good service and good food. It lacks a bar but there is a pub across the road. It is very accesible and Hyde Park across the road offers a nice area to walk and relax.	
Jul 24 2008 	Well located hotel	We have just returned from a 2 day stay at the Royal Lancaster, and had a very enjoyable time. We had a &quot;superior&quot; room on the 16th floor which gave good views over Hyde Park. The hotel is very well placed for getting around London as it is only a couple of minutes from the tube.The room was very well decorated, and had all the we needed including a free safe, tea &amp; coffee making, bottled water and a good selection of TV channels.Breakfast was served in a room overlooking the Italian Garden of Hyde Park which was a nice setting. We had continental breakfast included which was fine, but I would have been concerned if we had had to pay the going rate on £17.50 for this.Overall a nice experience, with a quality hotel and nice friendly staff.We would stay there again.	
Jul 14 2008 	Great views of central London	Great views of central London! Convenient location. Very comfortable room. Sadly Breakfast service was chaotic. The receptionist had not passed on our booking which I had made for Nipa the Thai Restaurant, when we checked in but the restaurant manager smoothed the situation over and made us feel most welcome. The food in Nipa was delicious and the service was first-rate.	
Jun 26 2008 	Bland blaise - not much to write about but...	A company booked conference found me back at this hotel. I've stayed before (and will again) and it was as equally boring as last time. Excitement always happened this trip at 8AM with housekeeping BANGING on the door and then saying SORRY when opened. The bar on the 1st floor (2nd floor if you're American) is one of the most boring little afffairs that might suit the pace of an OAP (old age pensioner).The most amazing thing I observed was the cancellation of room reservations by the hotel for members of my company WHO WERE HOSTING A CONFERENCE WITH 500+ rooms and catering booked in over 4 days. That tells me that the management is a bit lax at the moment (to say the least).Otherwise, the basic nice restaurant (a v. good Thai that is nice to have once, but rarely a second time), morning buffet/english fry-up and basic room stock is as neutral as one can get in this trade.The local area doesn't fare much better as the neighbourhood is somewhat residential.	
May 28 2008 	Fantastic Hotel Great Location!	We stayed at the Royal Lancaster when our original hotel overbooked - now if we go back, this would be our hotel of choice! We had a room on the 10th floor with stunning views of Hyde Park and the city. The room was perfect. It had newer appliances, nice granite countertops in the bathroom, a large flat screen LCD TV with SKY cable, and a very comfortable bed with a comforter so cozy I wanted to bring it home! Extra services at the hotel such as room service, internet and the like were on the pricey side - but to be expected in a four-star hotel. The free breakfast was fine, pastries, muffins, cereal, toast, juice/coffee was all included or you could pay extra for eggs, sausages, bacon, etc. The tube (subway station) was directly around the corner (Lancaster Gate is the stop) and provided excellent means of transportation to all major tourist sites. A taxi lane is also directly outside the hotel main entrance for convenience (or just ask the concierge or doorman to have one pulled up underneath the hotel overhang if you don't want to walk a few extra steps, or if it's raining). There is a fantastic pub around the corner called The Swan. It sits directly across from Hyde Park and has great english staples such as Shepards Pie, Fish &amp; Chips, Sausages &amp; Mashed Potatoes, as well as a wonderful atmosphere. The staff was friendly and funny and we ended up spending many of our nights dining here with the lively crowds. The hotel is in an excellent location near the heart of downtown London and everything you could need is within walking distance. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone considering a stay in London... I don't think you will regret it.	
May 26 2008 	Above average but some negatives to know about	Upon walking into the Lancaster it immediately appeared to be one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed at. It wouldn't live up to this initial impression but it was definetly still nice.First, the positives. It's in a great location for the Underground(subway) and right across from beautiful Hyde Park. The breakfast area is all glass walls overlooking the park and had wonderful service, but since the price was simply tacked onto our room when we booked we didn't realize until we were there that we were paying 18 pounds (36 US dollars!) per person for cereal, breads, and fruit. Hardly a bargain.The rooms were good size and kept well. The towel rack in the bathroom is heated to keep the towels warm, but be careful because I grabbed it or brushed it numerous times. It's right next to the door so in an awkward position. Had no problems with the A/C as evidenced by previous reviewers, and almost all of the staff seemed absolutely wonderful and willing to help with anything. We arrived early before check in and they cheerfully stowed our baggage without any problems.Most of the staff was very helpful, however the conceirge was terrible. The first time we went down we asked directions to a very famous tourist destination and he first googled it, then tried to look at it on a map and was clueless. He finally got help from another conceirge, he must have been very new. The other times we went we were given either half information and had to practically pull teeth to get complete answers or were brushed aside with our questions. However, the doorman Sebastin more than made up for it and was excellent. He basically became our conceirge, telling us about restaurants, how to get discounts on how to get around, and was both very cheerful and always willing to volunteer any information that could possibly be helpful. Saved us over 50 pounds getting to the airport while the conceirge couldn't have cared less.Overall, a very nice hotel, but be advised that it is probably overpriced. I would recommend it.	
May 20 2008 	lovely	Stayed here for one night. Rooms were lovely. Good location for Hyde Park. Not many restaurants nearby, we went to a nice italian (out of the hotel, turn left and up a road on the right). Couldn't get into hotel restaurant at 5.30pm, said they were full, think it was because we were in jeans. Couldn't get any cold water in the bathroom! Good selection of films but were £10 each. Would definately stay here again.	
May 19 2008 	Good and bad	I stayed at the Royal Lancaster Hotel for two nights in May for a conference.What is good about the hotel is the friendliness of the staff, the location just outside Hyde Park is nice if you like to take a stroll through the beautiful park, the Lancaster tube station (subway) is just 1 minute walk away and the room was very clean.What was bad was that the sound insulation is practically nonexistent and the noise of the A/C system is so loud you have to keep it turned off at night. We could hear everything that went on in the next room and in the hallway and could not sleep until we found our earplugs.And when you take in to consideration that the price pr. night is a bit high, I think that all in all I cannot recommend staying at the hotel. At least we are not going to when we go to London again.	
May 18 2008 	Needs an overhaul and update	Booked a last minute deal via wotif.com for 100 pounds for the night. Website decribed room as having stunning views over Hyde Park, which is the main reason for booking here. Our room was actually overlooking the carpark from the 3rd floor and the scaffolding covering that side of the building. Was told that we had to pay an extra 80 pounds to get a parkview room. Room itself was ok, reasonable size with comfy bed and big TV. Couple of things that the wotif.com website and the hotel website said were provided were not, like hairdryer and bathrobes, only little things, but when you are expecting a night with a little bit of luxury it's a bit of a let down. Staff were pleasant and hotel location was great. Just a tip - up the road is the London House Hotel which is only 65 pounds/night, not a luxurious hotel, but a much better option for the area and budget conscious traveller.	
May 10 2008 	Overpriced hotel	I stayed at this hotel to attend a 3 day conference which also took place in this hotel. It looked convenient to stay in the same hotel as the conference. So, I stayed for 2 nights and paid 500€ for it. My colleague (we booked our rooms at the same time via the hotel website) had another price as I, while we had the same rooms. When asking about it at front-desk they said they couldn't do anything about it because we booked online. I think that explanation was not very helpful as we booked it through théir hotel site... In these modern times, it's not thát exceptional to book hotels online, so the answer was quite unacceptable imo...The room was dissapointing: very small and it looked very old. Also, quite noisy, so good thing I took my earplugs.If you want a room with a view on the park, you have to pay extra. The restaurant (Nipa) is very good and the conference facilities are also good.	
May 4 2008 	Really nice Hotel	I recently spent 3 nights in this wonderful hotel. The hotels own site was approx 30% dearer than the rate i got from a travel site, so its worth brousing the net for better deals.The Hotel location is superb for exploring London and Hyde Park is only a few minutes walk from your room.The bedroom was well furnished and of a reasonable size, although the bathroom was on the small side.Be warned if you decide to stay in the hotel and have a few drinks, i paid $39 dollars for two Kalua Liquers.The Hotel's Thai restaurant was busy, but if you are prepared to wait, you will have a wonderful experience. The Thai food was really good and worth waiting for.Across from the Hotel is a nice Indian restaurant, which is very reasonably priced, actually cheaper than my local Indian restaurant.Its worth taking a walk in the surrounding area to explore and there are quite a few local coffee shops.	
Apr 13 2008 	Loved hotel - will stay here again.	We stayed here for 8 nights under a package from British Airways which included the wonderful continental breakfast. Best we have had - outstanding food and included fresh fruit, juices, yogurt, cheese, meats, cereals, lots of Danish pastry, coffee, etc. For 2 pounds more one could upgrade to a full English breakfast - a real deal for England. Our room had wonderful views of Hyde Park, on the 8th floor, was super quiet, excellent maid service, lovely towels, toiletries, bathrobe, comfortable bed. Our only complaint was that we were unable to control the temperature of the room - either too cold or too hot but we've had this problem lots of times elsewhere. We ate at the Thai restaurant on site twice and really liked it, Also in the lobby bar (which is on the second floor, not in the lobby) we had sandwiches (excellent) and drinks several times. We also used the business service center and found them very helpful. All in all, the hotel staff was gracious, cheerful. We will definitely stay here the next time we are in London.	
Apr 1 2008 	A Great Stay at the Royal Lancaster	Having been let down at the last moment by another hotel we booked a deluxe room at this hotel. The lobby was lovely, staff were great. We were on the 15th floor with fantastic views of the London skyline, including Big Ben, London eye etc. We did not eat in the restaurant, however it did look lovely. The bed was huge and very comfortable. Location is great for rhe tube and it is right opposite Hyde Park. My only little grumble is that we were given a smoking room, and we weren't asked at reception what we would prefer, however the views from the room were so great, we didn't want to take the risk of being moved to another room incase the views werent so spectacular. Definetly would recommend.	
Mar 31 2008 	Satisfying Stay at Royal Lancaster	Stayed at Royal Lancaster over Easter weekend for 3 nights in a Standard Double room. The Hotel is quite large situated along Hyde Park (lovely place for a walk). It's in what seems like a residential area, there isn't much choice for shops, pubs or restaurants within easy walking distance, although the Hotel does have the 'Island' restaurant which is quite nice. We had one meal there and it was lovely, but a little pricey. Food in general in the Hotel is expensive. There are one or 2 tiny corner shops to pick up some food if you don't want to pay the extortionate breakfast price.There is a tube station directly beneath the hotel which is very convienent for access to the city. It's about 10 mins walk to the end of Oxford street (near Marble Arch).The room was a bit small but comfortable and clean. The rooms did look a bit dated. Good tea &amp; coffee facilities with nice biscuits (which we didn't get the last day), big (~ 32&quot;) LCD TV with good range of channels including Sky Sports. The ensuite had a bath and power shower.I found the staff helpful, we got some good information from the concierge on getting around and places to go.Overall our stay was satisfactory not fabulous, we used the Hotel as a base for seeing London and it served that purpose fairly well.	
Mar 7 2008	Give it a miss	The conference facilities at the hotel were very good. The hotel location is very good. Directly opposite Hyde Park, 30 secs walk to Lancaster Gate Tube station and 10 mins walk to Paddington for the Heathrow express. The only downside with the location is the hotel has roads on 3 sides of it, so it can be a bit noisy. Pick a room fairly high up and you won't hear anything. Onto the rooms. I paid £180 and it was thoroughly disappointing. The room was small, shabby and hot. I turned on the A/C and out came tepid air. The windows don't open so you get hot. I must say, there are better value hotels in London and I won't be staying at the Royal Lancaster again unless I'm really desperate!	
Feb 12 2008 	Great Hotel with Great Location	Having just returned from a weekend stay in this hotel, I wanted to let other travellers to London know how good I thought the Royal Lancaster is. My travel companion and I had to attend a trade show at the Olympia in Kensington over the weekend so arrived in London early on Saturday morning. We got the tube to Lancaster Gate and the hotel is quite literally two minutes walk around the corner from the tube station - perfect when pulling heavy suitcases after you! Although we arrived at the hotel at noon, two hours before checkin time, we were checked in immediately and shown to our room which was on the 12th floor and had amazing views over the city. The room was medium size and although the bathroom was small, it was perfect for what we needed it for. Enough towels and toiletries which were changed every day.Continental breakfast was included in our stay which was as you would expect but we did decide to have the full english on one morning and were subsequently charged £2 extra each. If you have to pay in full for the breakfast it would cost £16 for the continental and £19 for the full english. Expensive for what it actually is but it does seem to be the norm in hotels nowadays.The staff were very friendly especially the doormen. Reception staff were helpful and courteous at all times. The hotel even have a fast-track checkout system whereby as long as you are happy with any extras charged for, you just need to leave your card keys in the room and close the door behind you. The extras will be charged to your credit card. We left our luggage with the doorman as we checked out at 10 am but our flight wasn't til 7pm and that was no problem. It allowed us the freedom to return to our trade show without the bother of having suitcases dragging behind us.I loved this hotel because of its location - it is just around the corner from the tube station making everywhere in London accessible and it is within walking distance of Oxford Street and all its lovely shops (and we walked it in heels!!). There is also a great pub close by the hotel called The Swan - it serves great food at great prices. We ate there on each day of our stay. If you stay in this hotel then you really must visit this pub. To sum up this review which has almost turned into a novel, I would recommend the Royal Lancaster for a stay in London without hesitation.	
Jan 16 2008 	Expected More	Would have expected more from a 4 Star Hotel in this area of London. Location is excellent. Hotel staff were all very friendly.Rooms were fine and the bed was comfortable. The drainage in the bathroom was not good. Shower and sink filled up when taps were on. Disgusting!!Breakfast was lovely, overlooking the park. The hotel Bar was poor, it was just like a Hotel Reception area. But there is a nice Pub around the corner from the hotel.Plenty of taxis outside and Oxford Street just a short stroll away.	
Jan 10 2008 	Loved it!	This hotel is conveniently located for local landmarks such as The Royal Albert Hall, overlooks Hyde Park and is right next to Lancaster Gate tube station.The rooms were very clean and tastefully furnished.The breakfast was delicious - only slightly negative comment was that the air conditioning was on full blast in the dining room - in December...brrr. Apart from that minor thing, it was all in all a very enjoyable stay and I'd definitely recommend this hotel to others.	
Jan 6 2008 	royal lancaster hotel is over estimated!	i've stayed in royal lancaster hotel in January 2008 after reading a review in this site that it was ROYAL, well...it is NOT! i booked a standard room, but i think it was below standard. the TV was too tiny with poor selection of channels, the room was too noisy, you could hear every thing going on in the floor including who is going in and out of the elevator, and a couple having sex in the next room! i had no hot water in the bathroom and i asked them to fix the problem, they did but, only for the day! the next day there was no hot water, again. the plumping in the bathroom is very poor, the sink and the bathtub takes ages to drain water and you end up with sticky dirts every where ( yucki!). the house keeping serves is also poor, they don't empty the trash pin daily! when i wanted to have a cup of tea in the morning using the water boiler they provided in the room, thank god i opened the boiler and looked inside, it was terribly disgusting that i lost my interest in drinking any thing!! i advice all the travellers to check inside the boilers before using them, you never know what you will find in there. Over all, the hotel is definitly below 4 stars.	
Jan 2 2008 	Gorgeous hotel better than excellent service!	Me and my mum went down to London for two days to do some sightseeing while my brother (who was also booked into the hotel through his company) was at work in London. We got the tube station to the nearest stop (Lancaster Gate) which is literally a two minute walk around the corner. Excellent service checking in and they managed to put us in a room one door away from my brother. When he took ill management were excellent and called for an ambulance immediately, and waited with us! I could not find any fault with this hotel. The room, staff, breakfast, and location were all excellent!! Plus we got a special rate for the room (£80 for the two of us) as we phoned the hotel direct, quite last minute. I would recommend this hotel to anybody! Also, as we had to checkout by lunchtime but weren't leaving London until 5pm they have a room to leave your luggage and give you a receipt to collect luggage at your convenience.	
Jan 2 2008 	Perfect Hotel	I have just returned from a 5 day stay at Royal Lancaster with a friend. We were very pleased with the rooms, the staff and the overall excellent service. I can only recommend this hotel!	
Dec 19 2007 	On the whole pretty good	I booked this hotel on-line with e-bookers and on the whole was happy with my stay. The staff are very welcoming and helpful and the general level of decor is of a good standard. I had a few minor gripes; the plug in the bath was reluctant to open to drain water away, slightly annoying when you are showing and the bath is filling with water; there wasn't a hairdryer in the room either which was a slight inconvenience as there wasn't time for me to phone down to ask for one to be brought up; and the room I was staying in was very close to the lifts so I was woken a few times with the bing-bong of the lift arriving (it's the week before Christmas though so I guess you expect a bit more 'traffic' than usual with party people returning from nights out!) Despite those few points, I had a good stay and thought it was great value for money considering London prices. To be fair, I should have mentioned those things to the staff when checking out but I was in something of a rush. The breakfast was good too!	
Dec 18 2007 	Very nice indeed	My experience is that London hotels are either astronomically expensive or a hit and miss for quality. This one was reasonably priced, less than £150 corporate rate, and was excellent value. Attended a black tie function in the conference centre hence the rate, function was excellent with attentive staff and good food. Room on the 14th floor was spacious for a city hotel, very clean, had a brilliant bed, lovely bathroom and everything worked! Electrics, mini bar, and hot water you name it, a rarity. I also loved the position of the Royal Lancaster, right behind Lancaster Gate tube station and opposite Hyde Park, must be lovely in the summer. Area is quite smart with shops, pubs and other hotels all around. Staff were very attentive and polite. Only drawback for me was that breakfasts start at 06.45 and I was up and out by 06.30, pity, I have been told it is good. If you like big hotels which you can afford then this is worth considering.	
Dec 3 2007 	A Royal time at the Lancaster Royal	We have just returned after a 2 night stay at the Lancaster Royal and felt compelled to write a review of what an excellent stay we had. As the hotel was booked as part of a package, after reading the previous reviews on this website, I was a little concerned as some of the reviews weren't too favourable. However our experience couldn't have been better. We found all the staff to be extremely pleasant, friendly and helpful. The room was lovely with bathrobes and smellies supplied, the breakfast was fantastic, and the location is ideal, with oxford street, notting hill and harrods within walking distance, or for those who aren't great walkers, the hotel is right next to a tube station. Great hotel which I would definately recommend!	
Nov 26 2007 	Excellent hotel and staff worth every penny!	Couple from Wirral.Our stay was booked via a theatre break company together with tickets for Les Miserables at a cost of £129 per person. Theatre seats were great and hotel was lovely.The hotel staff were all polite, helpful and courteous, despite none being English. We were upgraded to a superior room free of charge but I think the only difference between that and the standard room is the view over Hyde Park, which was lovely!The room was quite small but enough for two people spending just one night there. Everywhere was spotless, plenty of bathroom towels and complimentary shower gels etc. Our bed was really comfortable and the room was exactly the right temperature overnight.The hotel Concierge was very helpful, we forgot our toothbrushes so he took us outside at about 1:30am to show us where the local 24 hour shop was! He also gave us information about other shows, tours etc.Parking was onsight and cost £30 for overnight, up to 24 hours if paid through the hotel, otherwise it's £35.Food at the hotel's restaurant The Island was out of this world and is definitely not to be missed! We can recommend the Wild Pink Sea Bream and the Rack of Lamb, followed by Hazelnut Parfait and Sticky Toffee Pudding with Stem Ginger Ice Cream. Staff were extremely efficient and polite. Our bill came to just over £50.00 for the two of us for the above courses and a bottle of sparkling water, although this did include a service charge. Drinks in the bar were VERY expensive, £15 for a glass of beer and a Bacardi and coke so beware of that one.Breakfast was delicious. We had the Vitality Breakfast which consisted of cerals, fruit juices, bread rolls, cold meats and cheeses, fresh fruit salads, yoghurt and tea or coffee. All very fresh and tasty. The only thing we didn't like was being put on a six seater table with other guests.Our only other gripe, and it's a very minor one, is that there weren't enough tea bags in the room. There were only two 'normal' ones and we would have preferred more so that we could have one drink when we first arrived (after a long drive), one before we went to bed, after coming in late from the West End, and one in the morning. Otherwise we had a fantastic stay and would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 4 2007 	Handy for the Heathrow Express !!	My wife and i booked a 2nt break through our TA - i must say we weren't expecting too much having read some of the reviews - but to our surprise we had a great stay in the Royal Lancaster - We checked in just after 11am and a room was ready !! no complaints with the room. Cont Breaking was included in the rate which was above average i would say. We didn't eat dinner at the hotel - but a little jewel of a Restaurant called Pere Michel is just across the road - we ate there both nights - food was 1st class so was the wine :-) and the service was very good.The hotel at most is a 10min walk from Paddington Train Station handy as we had used the Heathrow Express which arrives there.jj......	
Oct 16 2007 	Royal Experience	My Husband and I stayed at the Royal Lancaster hotel for one night, the reason for our stay was connected with business. Convention (daytime) with a black tie event in the evening, held at the Royal Lancaster also.We were delighted with our room, on the top floor (18) withabsolutely amazing views of right across London.Maybe a fraction dated, but couldn't moan as our room had been upgraded to a suite, very comfortable, with a huge bed, mini bar, TV,tea/coffee making facilities, trouser press, in room safe, good bathroom, with bathrobes and slippers provided, and lots of space.The Royal Lancaster is situated right next to Hyde Park, great location, Lancaster Gate tube station is the closest, if travelling by the underground, it is literally right next to the hotel.We visited the hotel bar before dinner, and wasn't very impressed with the service. It was supposed to be waiter service, but we had to end up at the bar as they were so slow.The evening event went well, very enjoyable, food quite good, and service ok there.Breakfast at the hotel was self service, with a choice of cereals, pastries, meats, fruit, cooked breakfast ( bacon, sausages, scrambledeggs, hash browns, tomatoes, and mushrooms), tea, coffee and fruit juices.Only one other gripe, as the hotel is a tower block you need to use the elevators, and they get pretty busy at breakfast time!But all in all, we had a lovely stay, enjoyed it very much, shame it wasn't a longer visit, maybe one day we will return.	
Oct 10 2007 	Central and Nice Staff	I booked direct with the hotel at the last minute. Polite and efficient guy on reservations, and an OK price - £130.The doorman saw me struggle up the street with my bags and came to take them from me, which was nice and welcoming. Check in was quick -although there was a queue (6pm is a busy time) I was dealt with quickly and by a very courteous Australian guy - overall good impressions so far.Although I had booked a standard room, I'm pretty sure I was upgradedas I was on the 17th floor, with a great view. The room was one of the smallest on the floor plan on the back of the door, but perfectlywell sized for one person, very nicely decorated, clean and well appointed. Smart, small marble bathroom, turn down service, very comfy bed, complimentary water and coffee. Strange they have no pay movie channels, but overall very acceptable.The renovations are complete, so there is no disruption. The hotel tower itself is monumentally ugly, but from street level the impression is very different - smart, and welcoming. I didn't have the negative experiences of other people who have reviewed here and I really like the fact that the manager responded to the very negative criticisms of the last reviewer. For a large London property, this was good value, almost Marriott standards at half the price and I will definately stay here again, as well as in future using it for the business meetings we arrange.	
Sep 26 2007 	Royal Lancaster is soo Royal!	I stayed at the Royal Lancaster Hotel for 3 days in Sept 2007 while on Holiday with a friend. It was fabulous! the 24 hour room service was awesome!! The staff are soo nice - i was put on the 3rd floor and asked for a view so they moved me to the 10th floor and ihad a beautiful view of hyde park and could see the london eye, gurkin, and other cool places! i definitely recommend staying here! plus they have an awesome marble bath/shower! however, no wireless internet in the room, but they do have ethernet cables. great location, 30 sec walk to Lancaster gate tube stop and hyde park is across the street too! ;)	
Sep 17 2007 	A delight	I stayed at the Royal Lancaster whilst in London for a few days... I liked the great location, minutes from Hyde Park and not too far from Paddington, for easy access to Heathrow Airport.Overall , everything went smoothly. In spite of being centrally located, my room was quiet, and I had a great view over the Park. Eveything was clean.The concierge was very helpful, and made me feel welcome. Overall the staff were good.I would certainly consider another stay there when I am in London next.	
Sep 8 2007 	This Place is an Over-rated Dump	Apart from the very rare staff member who is as good as you would expect in a hotel of this standard, everything about this hotel is lousy. It is seriously overpriced. I booked here only because I got a deal on one of their standard rooms, which put this hotel in the price of some 4 star places that I have staid in, and the room was awful, very small, in generally poor condition, and the bed and bedding were a disgrace--cheap materials, uneven mattress. The TV was tiny, the programme selection very poor.We had booked a no smoking room but were not given one despite having been confirmed one...the hotel is full, despite the poor ratings it gets. This is the result of the location, which, adjacent to Hyde Park, is first class. The hotel caters to a mainly middle eastern clientele, is just above the tube station, and the lobby is nice looking.After being horrified by the shabby quality of our room, we asked to upgrade to a suite, which was another £250. They put us in a room that they had no business letting out. The hotel is undergoing works, and this room is right next to where they keep all the new windows. We had workers at our windows, able to see right in (including into the bathroom, in which there are no curtains)--and they had no problems staring at us going about our business instead of going about theirs. Photos included.The room had no internet service, a feature the hotel makes a fuss about in their literature (&quot;every room has high speed internet&quot;)...but when I asked to speak to the GM about it, his response absolutely dumbfounded me, &quot;what makes you think we should have internet in your room&quot; ?! I nearly fell off my chair.There were never any apologies forthcoming...all I can guess is that the hotel is used to getting complaints--and they just don't care...after all, if you can stay full even when providing such horrendous service, you are a lucky hotel indeed.The bill on checkout had a few &quot;extras&quot; added which we had to have removed, but it was done in such an odd way, that it made us think they deliberately overcharge their guests.I for one will never stay here again.	
Sep 3 2007 	Don't recommend this hotel	We stayed a week in this hotel in June 2007 and I would not recommend this hotel.Although it has good location, it is advertised as a much better hotel than it actually is.The check-in was slow. We asked for a room on a low level floor if possible, as one of us doesn't like heights. We were given a room with 2 double beds squeeze in, so you had to almost sidestep around the room.Our view was of the scaffolding and builders feet. The noise in the morning was very loud, and we were not aware the builders were directly outside our window until we opened the curtains and quickly shut them again!They should have warned us of this.The builders could see directly into our bathroom unless the curtains there were pulled so we spent the weekend with lights on and curtains pulled.We booked with the hotel management directly, and asked for breakfast to be included. On our first morning at breakfast, we were (quite abruptly) moved from one breakfast room to another one (there are different ones depending which room you stay in). The lady at the desk infront of the room wasn't in a very good mood, got the impression no one slips by her for a free breakfast.We were told breakfast wasnt indluced in our stay. Although we had already paid for it. We let it go and had it anyway, deciding to deal with the bill when we checked out. Service at breakfast is poor, staff are in a daze as another reviewer said and they dont listen when you order. We asked for a pot of hot water (as we dont like strong tea) and we got a milk jug of hot water, not a pot. We were going to the theatre so we asked the concierge about taxis etc. He said ther was no need to order one as there were always taxis waiting at the front door. He told us to go to the front door at 7 and we would get there in plenty of time for the theatre. We decided to eat in the restaurant in the hotel, the small one near the front, cant remember the name. We arrived at 6pm, and ordered by 6.10. We asked the staff would we be served by 6.30 as we were going to the theatre. Long story cut short, our order never got to the kitchen, which is in the restaurant and you can see the waiters handing the orders to chefs. They were not at all apologetic and didnt' offer to take the wine we had started off our bill. We walked out, expecting them to call us back and apoligies but nothing. Then we got to the front door and there was a queue of people waiting for taxis. We were still waiting at 7.15. We ended up being late for the theatre and no apology or acknowledgement from the staff.Overall its fine for a short stay but not worth the money they charge. In need of refurbishment, carpets in lobby are stained etc.	
Aug 15 2007 	Unimpressed	Stayed here for a business/leisure trip in August and chose this hotel for its proximity to heathrow and to train connections for rest of UK. Upon arrival in the afternoon we were told that our room was not ready and that we would have to wait 2 hours. We had requested a double room and were told that none had been cleaned so we would have to wait. The staff were very rude and unapolagetic. Instead were given a room with 2 single beds which was ready straight away, but this was across the hall from the elevators and was extremely noisy. We requested that we be moved and were given another room later in the day which was somehwat quieter. The hotel itself is by no means deserving of its 4 stars. The building looks like an ugly old ex-council property and is an eyesore among the old buildings that surround it. The rooms were clean but very basic, more like a travel lodge than a nice hotel. The lobby had dirty carpets and concierge staff did not greet us one single time during our stay. There is no service elevator and we frequently had to share the lift with staff carrying piles of dirty laundry. One day a vacuum cleaner and bags were left sitting outside our room all morning. Very rude.For first time visitors to London, do not expect this area to be representative of typical London life. It is not a nice part of the capital and I would not recommend it for those travelling for leisure. Windows are currently being replaced and construction noise occured daily.We checked out early and complained to the staff, we were not offered any refund and had to swallow the overpriced rates for the nights we did not use.Do not stay at this hotel!	
Aug 10 2007 	Nice Hotel ..with Few Glitches	We stayed a week in this hotel from 28 July to 4 August 2007. Nice hotel overall, close to the tube (Lancaster Gate station), clean and no major problems. The check in was slow and our room was not ready even at 4PM. They tried to give us a room with 2 twin beds (we were a couple) but we insisted on a double bed room (we made our booking 5 weeks in advance). We finally got the double room with a complimentary bottle of wine (for waiting and.. [--]).The room was tight but OK (for London). No hand towel rack in the bathroom next to the sink. You have to walk to the bathtub to get to the hand towel. There was enough space to put a towel bar over the sink on the side wall??It was really noisy in the morning. Renovation work was going on and started too early for our liking. They should've not put anybody on the floors where work was going on but they did. Greed?The breakfast buffet was good (no toast bread though). The service staff at the buffet walk around in a daze, not attentive to the customers at all. You have to practically beg them to refill your coffee. But overall a nice hotel for a brief visit to London.	
Aug 9 2007 	Parking was the main suprise	Parking limited and if you are unlucky you are left to park off site with very vague directions quite a way. Plus When I stayed it was £28 per 24 hour stay.I also found the dorrman to be quite rude as i wanted some help with directions to this 'overflow' car park. But that was my experiance and hopefully not everyone elses.I personally think this hotel only just keeps its star status in some of the rooms and decor sate, but due to its location holds on. Hopefully this will change since my stay.Rooms need updating but were clean, but overall over priced but ok stay.	
Aug 8 2007 	Lacking in Customer Care	We only stayed for one night and it was a total suprise from my partner for my Birthday and was meant to be a relaxing weekend....and it was untill we apprached the checkin desk at reception. The person checking us in was most dissmisive and unhelpfull, this was detected in both his tone and manner. We were made to feel very unwelcome and felt totally out of place. We finally got him to help us but felt we wished we hadnt bothered and still made enquiries ourselves to be sure what we had asked him had been done, not the sort of thing you should have to do being the customer. Breakfast came and the fried eggs were very undercooked. I asked if they could be cooked a little more. After 10 minutes , and my partner had finished his, my breakfast returned with burnt food food and dried up beans and very overcooked eggs, this was due to the whole plate being put under a grill to cook the eggs...its not worth £19...so eat out if you get the chance to have Bed only basis...take it!!!On check out we spoke to the duty manager about our stay. In fairness we didnt raise the issue of the awfull breakfast as it was quite a joke to think a chef in a 4* star hotel can produce food to such a low standard. We talked about the attitude of his reception checkin staff but after going back and forth a few times realised he was of the same mentality. He did offer to look after us next time we stayed with the Royal Lancaster, but fortunate for us...there wont be a next time.Overal the room was ok, clean, tidy, basic but with a comfortable bed..nothing special.	
Aug 7 2007 	Looks are deceiving!	Looks are deceiving when seeing photos on the internet. I thought we would have a great view overlooking Hyde Park. Instead it was of a parking lot down below and a building across from the hotel. Not the view I expected. My sister had told them it would be for 3 people but were given 1 queen size bed. Room was extremely small for the price. Motel 6 would have been better. I don't see how this hotel can be a 4 to 5 Star Hotel, maybe for the UK but not in the U.S. I was not satisfied and neither was my mom.The noise from the air condition kept us awake most of the night. It sounded like someone was pounding on the pipes. Then the tub clogged up while taking a shower and the toilet or something in the toilet kept making a noise as well. However, the location was great because we were close to a lot of things. We took the tube and got around that way and also rode the Double Decker bus. I do have to say that people in England are not friendly and that upset me. Diana from Corpus Christi, TX	
Jul 24 2007 	A good experience and good value	Booking at the last minute in London is always an expensive business - at least weekdays - but found the Royal Lancaster on Expedia at a good rate.The rooms are fine, if slightly showing their age, and there are great views from the top floors. I ate once in the Island Restaurant which was excellent and not too expensive and I had breakfast once, which was very good and cost £16. I agree with the person who said that the hotel lacks a bar. The Island bar makes you feel you are sitting in the restaurant and the lounge is very stuffy and formal. The staff were all friendly and helpful.Location is good, as it is beside Lancaster Gate tube station and Kensington Gardens, over the road, is charming and a great place for an evening stroll. Will definitely use the Royal Lancaster again.	
Jul 24 2007 	Construction zone	We were to stay at this hotel only 1 night (Saturday) and in the end we wish that we had. The first night went really well, the room was clean, fully functioning and quiet. On this experience, we decided to extend our stay when our next accommodation fell through; this is where it all went wrong.Booking through HotelsClick.com, the hotel never received the booking all day Sunday, my wife turned up after a day of sightseeing and as the hotel did not have any reference to the booking, she was unable to check in. No looking into the problem here. Luckily I had ready access to the internet and was able to forward through the booking confirmation to the hotel and follow it through with a phone call, where I was assured that it would all be taken care of, an hour later my wife was able to check in to the hotel.The shower in this particular room did not work properly, you were unable to adjust the heat of the water and as a result you ended up with a scalding experience. Just to ensure it was as unpleasant as possible, the drain also did not function properly and you were left standing in 2” or 5cm of scalding water. This ended up being the least of our concerns.As tourists, we saw the sights during the day and wanted a quiet room of a night; unfortunately the building site outside the window did not allow this. Like other posts, we were awoken at 07:20 by the construction team. Complaining to the Duty Manager, he assured me that other people had also complained and that it would not happen again, unsure I requested a room change and it was denied. The same thing happened each morning.I will never stay in this dated, over priced, building site again.	
Jul 12 2007 	Nice People Poor Experience	We booked two rooms six weeks in advance. We told them we would be arriving late. When we checked-in they gave us two rooms on the same floor. We went to sleep at 2 AM and were awakened at 7AM by construction. One of the rooms was in the middle of a renovation zone. Also watch out for price quotes. Cost rises steeply after first night and they nickle and dime you on use of internet and breakfast.On the plus side is the location overlooking the park and food service at the bar until quite late at night.	
Jul 8 2007 	A hotel with nearly everything	This hotel is modern, clean with very friendly and efficient staff. The location is as easy to get to as any you'll find in central London... it's literally a 5 minute walk from Paddington Station and with Lancaster Gate tube stop just below it on the Central Line getting around is a cinch. If you're room is on a high floor on the south side you'll have magnificent views of Hyde Park... and you'll never wait too long for one of the 4 elevators which are super fast. The only down side is the fact that there's no proper bar in the place and not much around the hotel. If you're looking for a late drink the best they can offer is a &quot;lounge&quot; with a few couches and an infrequent and expensive drinks service... you certainly won't get anything approaching a pint of traditional English bitter here. Breakfast if not included is also pricey at £16.50 for the continental but that's expected in a hotel like this. Overall I'd thoroughly recommend it.	
Jun 25 2007	great . did the job	the purpose for our stay was a concert in Hyde Park. I did my research and read reviews and it really paid off this time. Location was perfect,You literally come out of the Lancaster Gate tube Station and there is the hotel. We strolled over to the concert and then back again, we had noticed an Indian restaurant oppossit the hotel and had a late meal which was great and very handy!!The hotel decor is very grand and very clean. we were happy with our standard room, it was bigger than most london hotel standard rooms,and was on the 12th floor, we looked out onto some of the park and the london skyline.we had no problems with any of the staff, check in/ checkout.Thanks to reading someones review i knew there was the swan inn very nearby, they have a great bar menu and good atmospheric london pub.Drinks in the bar at hotel were a little pricey-£14 for 2 single baileys!!! would def use this hotel again for the price we paid which was £90.	
Jun 13 2007 	An amazing hotel	My family booked at the Royal Lancaster for 2 night for 6 of us, at a bargain total of £250, including breakfast. When we arrived to London Paddington, it was a short taxi trip to the hotel. The hotel was amazing. Outside it looked so posh, modern and grand. When we entered the hotel, our eyes popped out!It was stunning. Your feet sink in the carpet! Check-in was fast, and our rooms were brilliant. We booked 3 rooms, all next to each other and all 3 were stunning. The view over London was brilliant, we had a 18&quot; tv, mini bar (bit expensive but there is a shop opposite the hotel) power shower and was really really clean. There was an ashtray in the room, but as none of our party smoke it wasent used, and the room never smelt of smoke. The safe was easy to use, getting to the rooms from the groundfloor was easy, and overall the hotel was brilliant. The tube is right below the hotel, and i couldnt hear any trains. The location is superb, right by everything in London, and if you want to travel around London the rube makes it easy. Plenty of shops, bar, restaurants and cafes are nearby. There is a small shop by reception that sells souveniers, also there is a couple of restaurants and bars.The breakfast was great as well, as much cereal as you want, chocolate, muffins, toast, tea and coffee followed by a huge english breakfast!Only downside is that the A/c didnt work. I tired switching it on as it was hot in our room (even though it was Dec) but it didnt seem to work. There were no instructions on how to use the A/c either.The building is huge, and a walk through hyde park is great on a sunday morning. If the hotel was in Devon, it will be by far the tallest building in the county! I will defintely come back.	
May 21 2007	Breakfast overlooking the fountains	Friendly hotel and comfortable rooms with a reasonable view of the park. Breakfast directly overlooking the park was the highlight though.	
May 18 2007 	Such a beautiful place...	This hotel is not only the best one I've stayed at in London... it is one of the best ones I've stayed at EVER!The reception is big and luxurios, the staff very helpful &amp; polite - there is even a concierge service, where you can leave your luggages safely in case of arrival/departure delay. We had a Deluxe room at the 15th floor, and the view was simply amazing...! Everything felt clean and &quot;untouched&quot;, the bathroom was all marble and gold (+ little samples from Molton Brown!). The room was plenty spacious, the minibar well fournished and we had even a lovely corner with table &amp; armchair by the window.The price range in quite high, but the place is worth every single penny [it felt like heaven after an awful night at the cheap-round-the-corner Westpoint Hotel...].We have definitely found &quot;our place&quot; in London, and will be back soon.	
Apr 25 2007	Nice Surprise	This hotel was much nicer than expected and a great price when booked through Expedia. It was very clean, that staff was extreemly friendly and the hotel is in a great location! I would stay again in a heartbeat!	
Apr 23 2007 	Great hotel but expensive breakfast	This hotel has very clean large (for London) rooms, with great views, that are well serviced. The location is good, right on the park (nice for jogging), close to tube stations, Oxford tube stop, walking distance to Marble Arch and ok walk to Oxford Street. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, particularly the gents at the concierge's desk.The only downside is the cost of the continental breakfast and some of the waiters dont speak English well enough to be understood.	
Apr 20 2007 	Good Value	We felt this was very good value for money. We had a standard room on the 12th floor which is a designated 'no smoking' floor. Our room was a reasonable size for a central London hotel and very confortable. The windows could have been a bit cleaner but everything else was spotless.The staff were all helpfull and friendly. An excellent location for walking and transport. We would use this hotel again.	
Mar 20 2007	Some good things some bad things	Good: Our business group selected this hotel for a large group. The rooms were small but was fine for us because we crashed there after long days of tours and sightseeing. Not as good: Housekeeping and restaurant staff is mostly foreign and not well versed in English but able to communicate well enough. Prompt attention to problem: Our heated towel warmer was not working and once the maid understood me, she requested repair and the maintenance person quickly fixed it. A concern: We did not use the heating or air conditioning system because the weather was mild enough to have a partially open window but our mates said that they immediately started sneezing when they used their heat system.Another concern: Smoking in public areas is not restricted and a bummer.Food report: Breakfast buffet is varied but can be disappointing if you cannot be happy with breads and fruits. The English meat and eggs were not appetizing to my American palette.Good shower: Quality Hansgrohe showerhead with excellent water pressure.Deal breaker: Shower curtain constantly billows and drapes your body. No weights or magnets at bottom. Really irritating. And gross when you consider that every previous guest peeled the same curtain off their bodies as well.Interesting: No feedback or comment cards provided in room.GREAT access to underground subway (tube) and very central to lots of attractions. MAKE SURE you request a room higher than tree level! Otherwise you will just have an ordinary view.	
Mar 10 2007	Avoid	Just returned after a 2 night stay for business. Given a smoking room despite requesting on booking a non-smoking room. When I asked to be moved claimed not to have any non-smoking rooms. Hotel also attempted to put other members of my party into smoking rooms intially. Smoking room decor shabby, internet connection faulty, shower barely functional couldnt adjust temperature, mildew on windows. Had to get help to operate shower and that took staff member 5-10 minutes to get working and then was luke warm with poor flow. Room service took almost twice as long as promised promised 25 minutes!!. Ordered steak and fries did not even come with ketchup or salt! Telephone call rates excessive GBP3/min to US given std BT rate is ~10p. Internet access GBP17/24hrs - ridiculous. Would never stay in or recommend to anyone. Claims 4 star status what I experienced would barely make 3-star. Prices are 5-star though and I dont mean in a good way	
Mar 6 2007 	Not awful but disappointing	I stayed at the Royal Lancaster as part of a corporate event. It's location is very convenient, right on top of Lancaster Gate tube station, opposite Hyde Park. It's a 30 minute walk along Bayswater Road to Oxford Circus.The hotel looks relatively shabby from the outside other than the actual entrance. Once inside, lush carpets adorn the reception and the impression you get is that the inside is going to be much better than what it looked from the outside.The room I stayed in was very small, although this is not unusual for city-centre hotels and didn't pose a problem in itself. The bathroom, however, was unbearably small. I am not a giant at 5'11&quot; but I could not sit on the toilet straight as the wall opposite was too close. When standing at the toilet it was almost impossible to turn round and not smash your arm on the glass shelf behind. As for the shower, well, it was more of a dribble.The bed was confortable enough but the television was small, old and very poor quality. It wasn't possible to put the TV on standby using the remote, meaning you had to get out of bed to turn it off.Dinner was the same for me as it was for all 300 hundred corporate guests and can be forgiven for being rather dull. We had a private breakfast in one of the downstairs function rooms and this was very disappointing. There were only sausages, tomatoes, mushrooms, bacon and runny scrambled egg for the cooked breakfast and a small selection of pastries. No toast! I suspect the bread-rolls that were put out at breakfast were those that were left from the night before. I get the impression that we had a &quot;watered down&quot; version of what we would have got in the main restaurant.The hotel in general was clean and tidy even though it looked shabby from the outside. I would question how many rooms acutally have a decent view overlooking Hyde Park as the hotel is almost perpendicular to the park.Not an awful place to spend the night but there are much better hotels in London and at much better prices.	
Mar 2 2007	Variable	1st time I have stayed there - Food was great even if expensiveThe rooms were disappointing - upmarket Travel Lodge !Old TV, with out Teletext, Tea and Coffee facilities no biscuits. Going back to the dark ages ! No gym or pool. Expected moreSome great staff - a few scary onesClean.Not good value for the money/	
Feb 17 2007	Don't even think about it if you have kids!	The place stinks of cigarette smoke, our pre-booked 'non smoking' room was rank and the bed smelled like an old ashtray.At breakfast (stupidly expensive for average food and non english speaking service) the staff were unable to locate a high chair for my baby and just shrugged at my request. No one on the breakfast service knew what a 'weetabix' was when I asked, honestly I'm not kidding! Eiher take a Polish refresher course or get one of those point at the picture books to get your message across.handy for walks in Hyde Park but it's top money and 'Four Stars, no way........	
Jan 10 2007	Loved the view	I booked a 3 night stay from 6th -9th jan through Superbreak for my daughter and myself. We arrived just after 11 and our room was ready which was brilliant. It was on the 12th floor and the view was amazing and although it might not have been the biggest twin room i have stayed in, it was spotlessly clean and everything we needed was there. The staff were friendly and helpful and the breakfast was great apart from 1 morning when my daughter had a dodgy egg, but again the staff were helpful and couldn't do enough for us. The location was great but unfortunately the underground which was only 2 mins away was closed sat and sun for track repairs. We like walking so it was never a problem. I would definately use this hotel again.	
Jan 2 2007 	best half a star hotel in london.	This hotel is by far below its rating it needs staffing with people who understand the difference between a genuine complaint and somebody who just wants to [--] about everything. We spent 2 nights in the hotel over new years great location great view of the sky line of London but other than that you would be better off in a bed and breakfast ground floor. We booked 1 twin 1 double adjoining rooms (I know it’s a bad habit but smoking rooms) what we got was 16th floor up grade 12ftx10ft superior suite facing London sky line great view of the fire works. The twin room the kettle fused the whole sockets section operating the tv as well so we reported it in the morning and they fixed the problem, it happened again the first time the kettle was used on the following day all of which was neither use nor an ornament to the user because we were checking out that day, by the time maintenance would have arrived because we were probably waiting for half an hour for an elevator to take us down to get out of the place which couldn’t have come any sooner. But what the hell my wife had a heart attack 6 years ago so the stairs down were a breeze the exercise did us both good 16 floors down all because the staff use 1 elevator of 4 to move up and down the floors cleaning. Londoners did themselves proud it was a great week end and the fireworks we will never forget BUT visitors need to avoid this hotel at £170 per night it is a rip off, it should be buy 1 get one free. And the committee who rated this place (Stevie Wonder Roy Orbison and Ray Charles) need look a little closer and send their gratuities back. Oh I forgot to mention the double room hay guess what it was a twin. On check out I reported all the problems to which they replied with I am sorry sir it won’t happen next time. I replied “your right it won't because we are not coming back”.	
Dec 7 2006	Great Find!	We stayed here on a Christmas Shopping break package. The rooms were spotless (if a little bit on the small side), we had no problem parking in the hotel car park and all the staff were charming. Nothing was too much trouble at breakfast and we can recommend the Island restaurant in the hotel for pre theatre snacks. Would definitely return.	
Nov 12 2006 	Reasonable business hotel	I stayed here for one night for a business dinner. Check-in was fairly swift and the staff were pleasant and helpful. Many of the staff are recent economic migrants but this is no different to the majority of London hotels and I experienced no &quot;language barrier&quot;. The room was on the small side but had some nice touches like multi-voltage and multi-plug sockets which would no doubt be useful for international travellers who have forgotten to bring plug adaptors. I suspect that the bath was the smallest I have ever seen in any hotel anywhere but the bathroom was well-finished and clean. For Central London I felt the accommodation was reasonably priced. Breakfast was good. The hotel is literally on top of Lancaster Gate underground station which would have been convenient had the station not been closed at the time of my visit. I'd recommend arriving and leaving by taxi until the station reopens as it's a long walk to Marble Arch with luggage!	
Oct 6 2006 	Tired overpriced and poor service.	I used to use this hotel regularly in the late 1990's. It's probably one of the real ugly buildings in London, but the service was always above average and professional, they did care about you! First visit in a few years and well below average experience. booked double got two single beds, did the staff care?? like stepping back 15 years, tiny bathroom, cheap furniture, noisy air con, filthy windows secondary glazing broken. Maintenance man walked straight into room after one knock on door. All staff that I met were eastern european, no problem if they only understood the language, and smiled and at least looked like they enjoyed their job. Hotel facilities are poor, zero atmosphere. Everything is overpriced, car park, internet access, drinks and food. Food is so boring and unimaginative. Lack of training, and attention to any details that make a difference. I saw no management in two days and was never asked once if I was enjoying anything at any time. There are so many better environments in central london and available at a better price. The hotel will not match an online price offered by many of the hotel booking sites. Last visit for me and I wouldn't advise any one to stay here unless it's just a bed that you are after and the rate is under £100 They will try and extract £200 plus!!	
Sep 21 2006 	Better than expected!	We stayed here for one night as part of a west end show package deal. We were pleasantly suprised as we had read some horror reviews of this hotel. We checked in at 1130 am as room already available...that was our first plus. The room was on the 12th floor, we had an amazing view over London. The room itself was very clean and enough space for the two of us. The bathroom was small but sufficient. The best thing about the hotel for us was the Thai resteraunt... the food was fantastic, although pricey, but worth it. Check your bill because they charged us for breakfast which was included in the pre-paid deal.	
Sep 20 2006 	Avoid this hotel.	The visit started when I arrived to the hotel walking with luggage. No one could be seen in the lobby to help with them.I went to the reception, where there was a lady and a man. The lady was in the phone and the man disappered to a backroom immediately. 5 minutes later the lady finished the call (I think it was business) and started to serve me. The rest went OK, and I got the room.The room was small single room with an armchair, table+chair, a drawer with a minibar and a TV upon it, a wide but short bed with table on one side. Looked OK for a two star hotel, nothing luxurious about this.The TV had 6 channels (BBC1 and 2 ITV+3skychannels with bad reception on 4 of them). A list showed that there should have been CNN, but that was not visible at all.Since the room was very hot I put on the air conditioning to chill it down. I put it on minimal temperature. The air condition did not work.I needed Internet access. One of the reasons I chose this hotel was that they claimed they had internet access. I thought it would be wifi. No, there was a paper in the drawer telling that they offer extremely fast internet and they had a (short) cable for that. (extremely fast for some 5 years ago maybe)The Internet was £17 for 24 hours and then there was a charge for the speed. Lowest speed was 256k for £1.99. So I could have got Internet at 256k for 24h for &quot;only&quot; about £19. I did not bother give away this much money for nothing.The price I payed (£185 a night 2 nights) included a breakfast. They called it vitality breakfast which in practice meant low cost choises (not many choises either) as some croissants, muffins, yougurt, serials and juices.I was told that I could get better breakfast by paying £2 extra. This was the English breakfast with bacons, sausages, eggs, tomatoes etc. I took it on the first day since I don't eat sweets for breakfast. When the plate arrived I saw that what was sausages on the list in fact was 1 small sausage, tomatoes was a half of a tomato. (yes there was really 2 slices of bacon, so that part was correct). I did not take this the second day, so I ate the other stuff instead.After breakfast I visited one of the mens toilets, which looked really uncleaned.The hotel was a quite high building with only four elevators (slow ones), so there was quite a much waiting for them to come.The hotel lobby was full of tobacco smoke, so that was not a place to stop.The personnel was unpolite even rude, and they seemed to avoid all situations where they would confront a customer.When leaving the hotel at noon, I asked where I could store my luggage for a couple of minutes. &quot;We don't store them&quot; was the answer of the receiptionist. Ask someone else.I asked and went two times back and forth before finding a person that helped me.I waited for the bellboy for almost 10 minutes when I was to leave. Since I had a long travel and was wearing a suite I decided to change to jeans and T-shirt before leaving. I asked for a space where to change. We don't have anything was the answer. Then he said to use the mens room (with the filthy floors). I took the liberty to go to a inva-toilet to change.After this I left the hotel without even looking back. I will never put my foot in this place again and I will not recommend the hotel for anyone. After all was glad that this was just a business trip, if I had payed it myself and if I have had something luxuous in mind then I would have been crying for spoiled days in London.I don't know how they get the stars in London, but I have been living in just 2 star hotels (and B&amp;B's) with prices just a fifth or less of what I payed and I got a far better staying with good service.Now you might think this is a single case. I discussed with 4 other hotel guests and none of them were happy or even satisfied with the hotel.Stay away from Royal Lancaster Hotel in London!!!!	
Sep 15 2006 	Overpriced London hotel	£170 for a very small room with a shoebox bathroom for a night, standard for a 'decent' London hotel. Decor was lovely, staff were helpful and everywhere we saw was tidy and in a good state of repair.I really hope that the hotelier looks at this website beacuse I'd just like to say - HOW DARE YOU CHARGE £17 FOR ONE DAY'S INTERNET ACCESS!!!! What an incredible way to alienate all business clients who'll not want to stay again.To be honest, I've stayed at a number of hotels in London and my best recommendation would be to stay in a Holiday Inn Express. The Hammersmith one is about £80 for a night, car park is £10 more, internet is free and with the money you save, tube and taxis into the centre of London aren't a problem.Shame really, as we'd heard great things about this hotel, but if we stayed there a week we'd be penalised £120 just to check our emails - that's nearly two nights lodging at a Holiday Inn Express!	
Sep 9 2006	A Pleasant Stay for a pair of New Yorkers	We stayed here for nine nights on our vacation. It is a really nice hotel, the staff is friendly and the views are spectacular. Book the 10th floor or higher so you can have a view of Hyde Park. We stayed on the fourteenth floor and had a lovely, although slightly obstructed, view of the leafy park. Overall it was a really quiet and peaceful hotel (the hotel has double paned windows so you don't hear the noise from the busy road below). The location is terrific if you like to be near the action of London’s top neighborhoods (i.e. Westminster, Bayswater, Kensington, Mayfair and Knightsbridge) but not amidst it. Be advised though that if you are planning to take the Tube you'll have to make a five minute walk to Paddington since the tube stop at the corner of the hotel is closed for renovations till the end of 2006. There is not much to complain about the hotel because the room was always clean and tidy. Although the standard room was a bit smaller than we are used to for a four star hotel, but again it was clean. One big complaint that we had involved the bathroom, not to take away from its unspoiled look, which was unexpectedly small and whose pipes had a frequency of running hot water from the cold water tap. Not to worry, however, upon our request the bulk of the problem was taking care of the same day. Additionally, if you are booking the hotel with basic breakfast, you will probably be upgrading at the hotel to a more expensive meal plan. Also, even if you are starving, stay away from the hotel’s restaurant, The Island. This restaurant provided us with an expensive and tasteless frill. Finally, this was a pleasant hotel with helpful staff and nice views. It was located in a quiet residential area, which is remarkably convenient for exploring London and its environs. [Also, if you are planning a lengthy stay like us, don’t wait till the end of the stay to tip the maid because they rotate frequently and for better service its best you leave a tip daily.]	
Aug 28 2006	Worst lodging experience of my life!	Upon arrival at the Royal Lancaster it was evident that there was a significant language barrier. If you speak arabic this will not apply to you. Apparently view means window. We paid extra for a &quot;view&quot; and out the window was the wall of the parking garage. The other guest I talked to were all either looking into other hotels or just planing on staying away as much as possible. The outside looks nice and modern, as does the lobby. The rooms however are some of the worst I have been in. They are small, and very cheap. Our 12 &quot; TV did not work, Our shower did not drain. Neither did the next room we tried. (After 4 we gave up.)  Of note is that the hallways and lobby seem to be a 24 hour day care. There were children running around the hotel at all hours. A few were even polite enough to come say high to us at 3:30 in the morning by knocking until we answered. The front desk was unwilling to help, unless we knew what rooms the noise was coming from. Every english speaking guest I talked with had also complained. The worst in my opinion was that the maids moved and organized our belongings everyday, even with the do not disturb sign up. They folded all of our dirty clothes that were in a small pile in the closet and opened our suitcases and arranged the contents to make room for the dirty clothes. Furthermore, they would come in without knocking at about 8:00 in the morning. Complaints to to front desk did not help at all.  On a positive note, Hyde park is very close and there are 2 very conviniant tube stops for escaping. My friends who have stayed at the Royal Lancaster on business before told me that everything had changed, perhaps new ownership. You would do much better to go elsewhere, There are plenty of wonderfull hotels in London with a similar price.	
Aug 16 2006	Never Again!	This is not a 4 star hotel. Don't be fooled by the facade. The building may be modern on the outside but I had problems in my room.Constant gurgling from the tub drain throughout the night prevented my daughter and me from sleeping. I requested a room change from the hotel but they could not accommodate my request because the hotel was full. To make the best of our situation, I asked the front desk for Tylenol or pain medication to alleviate my headache caused by lack of sleep; but they would not provide any assistance.My daughter and I could not enjoy a full day of sightseeing the next day since we were so tired!There was another, more serious, event involving the bathroom--- water temperature. Hot water would unexpectedly flow out of the cold water faucet from the sink and shower. While showering, steaming hot water would suddenly come out of the nozzle thus requiring me to step aside with soap in my hair and face. It would be a wait of at least ten minutes until the water cooled for me to resume my shower. I was constantly worried about scalding myself. I alerted the hotel of this safety issue and their response --- the pipes are corroded and allowed the hot water to cross into the cold water line. Looks like the owner needs to retrofit the buildings plumbing lines! On top of that, the underground subway closest to the hotel is closed. It's a good 15-20 minute walk from the nearest station (by Marble Arch).	
Aug 6 2006	Great location but watch out for phone charges!	We stayed at the Royal Lancaster for 3 nights. First the plusses,1. the room and bathroom were spotlessly clean2. the airconditioning worked well3. the location across from Hyde Park is fabulous4. it is only a 5 minute walk from Paddington5. the staff are very polite and nice6. the caffee complet breakfast that was included in the room rate was fine for light eaters7. there is a great inexpensive Indian restaurant, Star of India, right across the streetThe negative is the incredibly expensive phone situation. If you call from your room using a phone card of any sort, you are charged 3 pounds per connection. We were in a rush and dialled a local London call, with the understanding that it was 67 pence for the first minute and a reduced rate thereafter. You can imagine my shock to find that an 8 minute call within London cost us 27 pounds!!!!! There are no pay phones in the building, so unless you are carrying a cell with international capacity, be prepared to pay BIG bucks for a phone call.	
Aug 3 2006	Professional Friendly Service	I have stayed at the Royal Lancaster on 3 separate occasions now and each time it has been a pleasure to stay there. Although the room could use some modernisation, it was still very clean and catered well for a business traveller with a desk and internet access. The view from my room in the morning was a sight to behold as being an early riser I managed to catch the sunrise over Hyde Park which is a great way to start the day. The staff were all extremely helpful and were able to deal with any problems that I encountered. I also enjoyed a fantastic meal in Nipa (one of the two on-sight restaurants), it is a Thai restaurant with fantastic service. I highly recommend the coconut rice!!In summary I would definitely stay at the Royal Lancaster again the staff are friendly, the rooms are good, the food was brilliant and it is in the perfect location of Central London with easy transport access to the rest of the city.	
Jul 20 2006 	Downgraded room - not told still set charge for higher grade room	Had a terrible experience with the Royal Lancaster. We had booked an executive twin through the company's website -- at a promo rate. Some promo!!!! On check-in we were provided with a room that looked smaller than anticipated. By going onto the company's website from their business centre we discovered that the room we were in was a lower grade (deluxe). On speaking with the front-desk, we were told that yes we were in the wrong type of room and -- oops, sorry, right -- neglected to tell us yet still set us up to pay for the higher-rated room. Front-desk, &quot;little back room,&quot; and various management indicated that there were no executive twins left -- even though, at that moment, web-site still showed availability for that night! A variety of &quot;offers&quot; were made including --- &quot;we'll fix the rate so that it reflects the real class of your room.&quot; Not impressive business practice nor handling of the situation. We should have been informed of the situation on check-in so that we could have the option of going to places in the vicinity where we could get type of room needed. Our travel situation required a specific type of room -- if they've offered and accepted a reservation they should deliver. The room we ended up with was definitely not worth the non-discounted, promo rate we paid! Terrrible, terrible experience.Somehow, in the end, we were made to feel we were terrible people for having a difficulty with their practices! Much better options down the road!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jul 18 2006	Good	Good hotel. Clean, comfortable. Helpful service (above average, for sure) and nice location. Nice shower/bathroom. Excellent restaurants. On the negative side, the decor of the rooms is somewhat dated and does not give that initial &quot;crisp&quot; impression you get upon entering rooms in more recently renovated hotels. Somewhat noisy air-conditioning system (my pet peeve). Obviously, an eyesore from outside. Also, did not find the practice of &quot;bundling&quot; the breakfast with the price helpful, knowing how exorbitant breakfast prices are and how many good outside options available in London. Overall, definitely a decent choice, especially if you can get a good deal.	
Jul 12 2006	Mostly business?	I stayed one night here in June. The location is good for Paddington and the area is nice. I stayed a Sunday and got a rate of 111 £ through laterooms. No breakfast was included in the rate (£19.50 extra). I got a room on the 10th floor with a great view. There was an adjoining door and by experience I know the sound insulation does not work through those doors. I went down to reception and changed to a double room on the 3rd floor. Reception staff was friendly. Compared to the Thistle Marble Arch which I stayed at the two previous nights, the Royal Lancaster was very sterile and boring. It has a nice lobby, 4 lifts, comfortable rooms very well insulated from traffic noise. The hotel is on an island with heavy traffic on all sides, but still very near lovely Hyde Park. The air conditioning in the room blows strongly at the seating area. The mini bar is stocked. The bed is very comfy. The bath is nice but small. There are two nice pubs nearby, the touristy Swan and the authentic Victoria. Ask the porters for direction. My negative experience was the slamming of the room doors, the staff trying to get into the room at 8 o’clock on the leaving day, the fire alarm that went off twice in the evening during my stay. I believe this hotel to be great for the business person. The rates are very high. Check the hotels web site for the weekend offer including breakfast. Alternatives in the area are Thistle Kensington Gardens (with air con) and Vancouver Studios (no air con).Mr Moen Sandnes Norway	
Jul 11 2006	Nice view of Hyde Park but....	We stayed here for a week in May and then for a few days in June. One cannot expect resort or North American standards in London hotels unless you are willing to pay a small fortune. Our room on the 13th floor was very very small - kept bumping into each other. Sheer drapes were sewn together in the middle and had to be tied up so we could get some fresh (??) air. We upgraded to the 17th floor on our return and room was much bigger. This hotel has some good qualities - the staff were very friendly, good pickup and drop off outside the hotel, pleasant lobby, terrific lounge bar which stays open till 4am and one can get a clubhouse sandwich (hold the egg) up till then. The only negative are the beds - lumpy, slanting like a waterfall,old. Even in our upgraded room they were bad and had a board between the mattress and box spring-the bedskirt parted at one time and the box spring was grubby old ticking.If breakfast is not inlcuded in your room rate they charge 20 pounds per person or $80 C for two. Suggest walking up to Paddington Station (about 6 mins) and go to Garfinkels which is right outside - looking at the Hilton entrance it is on the right. Also the Hilton has a Starbucks - walk through the lobby.Most of London is continuous noise but this location is even more so being close to Paddington Police Station. The wonderful noise of horses clopping down the street to Hyde Park made up for it.Don't forget to go down the road to the Swan pub.	
Jun 20 2006 	Way above average for London	I travel to London once a quarter on a business and, for a variety of reasons, generally stay at a different hotel on each trip. So, compared to others in London, this is a very above average property. The good parts: nice lobby, very helpful and attentive staff including the Concierge desk. Room size was okay (good for London). Tiny but acceptable bathroom. Very clean and well maintained. Not threadbare. Big plus: very quiet even though the hotel was completely booked every night of my stay. Also, windows can open wide for plenty of fresh air (but see caution in bad parts below). Excellent cabled high speed internet in the room (extra cost). Also a big plus: 2 blocks from Paddington Station. Very good access to Heathrow express as well as underground (Circle and Hammersmith &amp; City lines) . The bad parts: The hotel is located in the middle of a very busy “roundabout” . That means there is considerable traffic noise all hours of the day and night. However, the hotel put in double windows and with them closed you can’t hear the noised at all – at least I didn’t on the 13th floor and I am a very light sleeper. I don’t know how it would be on a low floor. The rooms do not have iron and ironing board or a pants press. Housekeeping will bring one for 30 minutes on request. The hotel is literally on top of the Lancaster Gate tube station but that station is closing for remodeling for a year. So, the next closest is Paddington station. On balance, this was a good find and if could get a fair rate (around GBP 100) I would definitely stay again.	
Jun 17 2006	one night review	I spent one night in this hotel as part of my annual company sales conference on the night of the 16th June 2006. The hotel is located just outside of Londons West End on Hyde Park and close enough to Oxford Street (shopping) and Paddington Station (Heathrow express). It is located right on top of Lancaster Gate Tube station which is on the central line.The room I had was on the 13th floor and offered a good view over Hyde park although lower flor rooms had more obstructed views. The room was relatively large and spacious for a London hotel with Egyptian cotton duvet and a very comfortable bed. The room was a little old fashioned (very old and small TV) but everything worked and the room was clean. The hotel also provided free wireless internet acces in all rooms and public areas.Room service menu/breakfast was obscenely expensive and there are plenty of alternative dining / drinking establishments not far from the hotel.	
Jun 11 2006	Impressed with the Royal Lancaster	The Royal Lancaster Hotel is a conveniently located good standard hotel. Lancaster Gate Station is a 2 minute walk from the hotel making it an excellent location. The hotel has its own parking which is as secure as it can be and cost £30.00 per day to residents.The reception area is done out nice and there are large fresh flower displays making it feel quite grand.Our room was a Standard room and was clean and functional, it had mini bar and TV. As stated in other reviews the standard room is not huge but as we were sight seeing, we did not spend too much time in the room and so it didn't bother us too much. Our room was on the 12th floor and looked out over Hyde Park.We had several requests from House Keeping and Room service and all were dealt with promptly by friendly knowledgable staff.We had full breakfast included which was the usual cereals, pastries, fruits and a decent size English breakfast that was cooked to order, better than a lot of hotels where the food sits on hot plates for hours....Overall I would recommend the hotel as being well priced with good service and standards and I will certainly stay there again.	
May 1 2006 	Will stay again!	I am used to staying at its sister hotel The Landmark. On this trip the Landmark was full and so took the landmark's advice and transferred to the Royal Lancaster. The hotel loby has been recently renovated and is in an international hotel 'Plush' style. Rooms and bathrooms are compact with a small but functional bathroom. The receptions staff were superbly helpful, friendly and professional. I have forgotten the name of the duty manager when I checked in, he was extreemely helpful and could not have done more to make my stay as comfortable as possible. Housekeeping was very fast to react to any request made. Pity there is no pool. Fantastic view on Hyde Park. Very good Thai restaurat called Nipa.	
Apr 13 2006	Handy Car Park!	This was the first time I'd stayed at the Royal Lancaster and I will certainly stay there again! The staff managed that difficult balance of being friendly yet totally professional, and made us feel very welcome. The location is exceptional (but beware Lancaster Gate tube station below will be closed for a while from May 2006). It's outside the Congestion Charge zone so you can park your car on the second floor for £25 a day and it's there when you need it. The Cafe Complet breakfast is fresh orange, fresh toast on request or danish pastries/croissants with tea or coffee and is served by smart and happy staff in a pleasant room. The lounge bar is comfortable too. The bedroom sizes and comfort are typical Central London four star and beautifully clean -no trouser press though. This hotel is part of the chain that includes the Martinez in Cannes and it shows in the professionalism of the staff.	
Apr 3 2006	Superb location	We had to pleasure of staying at the Royal Lancaster on a visit to England last Easter, 2005. We found the rooms spotless, especially the bathrooms, and the location was terrific. Our rooms on the 12 floor looked across to the London Eye and Big Ben, which made just opening the drapes a thrill! Just across the way is an area with several restaurants, as well as convenience stores and a pub. The proximity to the tube was terrific as well. If you're there during the workweek I'd recommend having someone from your party run down early to the tube station to purchase the tube passes, as the line for tickets at that station often gets long. We skipped the English breakfast, but found the rolls, coffee and tea that came with our room to be more than adequate. The concierge was very helpful to these exhausted Americans. I'd been warned that European hotels often didn't match American expectations in terms of size and comfort, but the Royal Lancaster was a pleasant surprise.	
Mar 29 2006	Good value 4 star hotel	In London you get what you pay for. I'd booked a night here at around £110 inc VAT on-line, which is ridiculously cheap for central London.Check in was straightforward and friendly. My room was adequate, small double, but quiet with good ac and an OK bathroom that worked perfectly.Service in the bar was very friendly, with a barman who knows how to make drinks. Diiner at Nipa restaurant was first class. I was welcomed like a long lost relative, despite not having eaten there in over 6 months. Wine list was very sensibly priced - £35 for a Cloudy Bay Sauvignon Blanc is cheap - even by provincial standards.Breakfast from room service was excellent. Great, freshly made fruit salad as good as the best. Only £17.50 (I paid £40 for the same breakfast a couple of weeks ago at the Berkeley).I asked housekeeping for a razor and toothbrush kit (staying overnight had been a last minute decision), and these arrived within 10 minutes.In the morning you're bvang opposite Hyde Park and walking distance to Mayfair and the West End - for £100 a night? Bargain!	
Mar 21 2006	Good choice once you know the limitations	Reading these reviews before my husband and I stayed at this hotel March 17-21, 2006 helped me know what to expect.We liked the location; it was a block away from the Lancaster Gate underground station and 4 blocks from Paddington Station where the Heathrow Express stops.The &quot;Pros&quot;Good location, clean, modern room, fantastic shower (lots of hot water, powerful shower head), heated towel racks, tv and tea making facilities, comfortable bed, helpful staff--particularly concierge They had a non-smoking floor--very important to me.The &quot;Cons&quot;The standard rooms are very small, just enough room for a double bed or two twins, a desk, dresser and chair. The &quot;included&quot; breakfast is not worth bothering about, a cup of coffee or tea and a danish and croissant--anything else is expensive and not worth it. A better bet is getting a full English breakfast for 4-5 British pounds at a restaurant near Paddington Station 3-4 blocks awayThis hotel was included as part of a 4 night package tour to London on United Vacations. When we checked in, we opted for two twins rather than a double. We spent little time other than sleeping so this hotel and convenient location worked well for usNote--Lancaster Gate underground station is closing for six months for renovation in the June/July 2006 timeframe so you will need to use Paddington or other transportation during that time. Strongly recommend Heathrow Express train for getting to and from airport--we did it both ways (tube and Express train) and the Express was worth the extra money.	
Mar 8 2006 	Good but no excellent	We arrived at the hotel at about 6.30pm, we were anxious of what we are going to see, how the hotel will be, the room, the location and things like that. The first impression was excellent. The hotel is a very high building (18 floors), if you have height phobia you should forget staying at this hotel. The staff at the reception was helpful and kind. The one we didn’t like is that when we checked in they asked us to give them our number of credit card in case we used the mini bar. We’d rather prefer to ask that when we checked out and no when we checked in.The room was ok, not a small one, it had supplements for making tea or coffee in the room, the bathroom was clean. One good thing was the shower, it had the option to make a massage. That was very good. It had a tv also. The bed was too soft and when you wake up you had a back pain. The breakfast was too poor. We had a café breakfast and it had only some Danish pastries, croissants, a little bread, jam and butter. The good thing was that we could smoke in our room but unfortunately we couldn’t at the breakfast room, they hadn’t a smokers place.The location is very good. It is at the same block with the underground station and you have two stops until the oxford circus. It is good located. Generally we enjoyed our staying there. We think that for the money we gave that was a very good option.	
Feb 27 2006	worth the moneyworth a visit!!	great food, great service, attentive staff and not too big a hole in the wallet.P.S toilets spotless	
Feb 23 2006 	Great Value London Hotel	I usually stay at the Radisson Edwardian and was wary of staying in a lower budget hotel. I need not of worried. On arrival the hotel looked very impressive from the outside and equally so in the foyer. The staff when I checked in were polite, efficient and helpful.The foyer was very busy and noisy but this did not reflect the rest of the hotel and I had a quiet undisturbed nights sleep.The room was spotlessly clean, the beds had brilliant white soft sheets and duvet, unusal and welcoming not to have starchy sheets and blankets. I had tea making facilities contrary to previous comments and nothing looked tired or worn. The shower was fantastic, I wish mine was that powerful at home, Ihad plenty of towels and a white fuffy dressing gown.I had the continental breakfast, the fruit salad was delicious with nice big strawberries, kiwi, different varieties of melon extra, there was even attention to detail on the presentation. I asked for it at 8am and it arrived dead on time.The only difference between that and the Radisson Edwardian is the rooms were slightly smaller and being next to Hyde Park (Lancaster Gate tube) about 1 mile from Oxford Street wasn't so central. But for £60 less I'd stay there again.I paid £99 for room and £17.50 for breakfast.	
Jan 22 2006	Fair	Stayed here last July. Good and quiet location - Hyde Park (and Kensington Gardens)across the street and Oxford Street within walking distance. Easy access to tube (Lancaster Gate).The hotel itself is not all that impressive. A little hard to understand the label as 4 stars. Room on the ordinary. Breakfast : a bit disappointing (we had the continental option).Staff helpful.	
Jan 2 2006	Beautiful location and accomodation	My husband and grown daughter shared a large room for three on the corner of the thirteenth floor. The view of London and Hyde Park is incredible. Mini bar, clean room and linens, towel warmer, and first class service.........Office will even asssit with out of country phone calls and currency exchange. We did not expect first class here, but we got it. Close to several tube stations, the nearest being Leicester Square..........walking distance to Paddington.We loved the hotel and the location. A definite to return to again. Don't hesitate to book it.It is about 30 minutes by train to Gatwick and less than that to Waterloo.	
Oct 17 2005	Great Stay	The Royal Lancaster Hotel is a excellent hotel to stay in. We had booked another hotel prior to coming to London. When we arrived at that hotel, it was terrible so we walked down to the Royal Lancaster Hotel and asked if they have a triple room for us. The staff and the Manager was so helpfull. The Manager took us up to a room to view. We enjoyed our stay so much. We ordered room service, our food was so beautifully displayed and there was alot on the plate. I would recommend this hotel to anyone going on holiday. The view out the window is Hyde Park, absolutely fantastic. The location is very good.	
Jul 18 2005	Not so Royal	Just had an overnight stay at the Royal Lancaster and it has an impressive reception that bequests its 4 stars but the rooms are no better than a travel inn/lodge. Yes we had a mini bar and room service where a pot of tea was £5.00, but there was no other difference. Expected far more. I was disappointed. We had been to a concert and my boys aged 18 and 21 had three quarter shorts on so we were refused entry into the bar which i could understand if there hadnt been anyone in there who didnt have jeans on. My boys ordered room service for chips and a beer and a coke had to wait over an hour. Like I say very impressive reception everything else not so bright. Be careful when you book as there are three levels of breakfast ours was continental which consisted of small danish pastry croisssants toast butter jam and rolls and juice. Next level up vitality which included cereals fruit at £17.50 per head extra, Full english an extra £20.50 extra.	
Jul 4 2005	Not recommended!	How this hotel has a 4 star rating I really don't know.The rooms are adequate if a little dated. The bed was not the most comfortable but it served its purpose, the TV was a little old fashioned &amp; had poor reception. There were no tea &amp; coffee making facilities is the room which is a little strange when you consider that us Brits are a nation of tea drinkers. Apparantly tea &amp; coffee making facilities have to be ordered from housekeeping &amp; are subject to availability! We couldn't get through to housekeeping &amp; make our request via reception. Nothing ever arrived &amp; we received no explanation as to why.A traditional english breakfast in the hotel restaurant cost £18.00 per person. This may well be the going rate in London but I find it a little steep for something that would cost a fraction of the price elsewhere. Upon entering the restaurant we were confronted with table upon table of dirty dishes, the staff didn't seem bothered about clearing them away. As a matter of fact there seemed little urgency from any of the staff &amp; our waitress was a trifle forgetful.To cap a memorable weekend our bedroom door opened at about 12.30am. The 'intruders' turned out to be our friends who were also staying the night. Instead of booking us into separate rooms the incompetent staff on reception had booked both parties into the same room! We were then further disturbed by a series of telephone calls from reception as our friends were being told that there wasn't a room for them.After some negotiation a room was found &amp; everyone finally managed to get to sleep. I wouldn't expect this at a B &amp; B let alone a 4 star hotel.To cap it all the car parking fee for little over 36 hours was a whopping £50. If you do decide to stay here I would suggest that you park your car elsewhere. An outraged american lady was certainly making her feelings known on the matter. What must foreign tourists think when they are presented with extorionate rates &amp; poor service? This is a poor advert for Britain.If the management of the Royal Lancaster Hotel are reading this, may I suggest that you either lower your fees or raise your standards to justify them. It's the little things that matter such as tea making facilities, clean tables in the restaurant &amp; efficient staff. A man at the entrance in a fancy hat &amp; coat doesn't impress me much &amp; certainly wouldn't encourage me to stay at this hotel again.On a positive note the location is superb &amp; it is very convenient for central london.	
Jun 5 2005	Well-located nice but a bit worn rooms pleasant staff	We were there a year ago and it really did make our stay in London very pleasant. Saving money on a cheap hotel can ruin a vacation so spend a bit more and have a great place to come back to after sightseeing! This hotel is comfortable, rooms somewhat smallish as they tend to be in London, nice beds, bathroom, a/c that WORKS--a real plus in warm weather days in London. Nice lobby. The Continental Breakfast we got is on the spare side--lots of rolls, toast, juice, jams, beverages but not the full English you like to have in London. One day we just entered the room where that delightful meal WAS served. But it costs a lot and they really should provide it to all guests. Maybe some get it in a better rate but we did not. We had the London Transport 4 day card that is worth the money--unlimited use of undergound, buses, suburban trains. And with the London Underground station beneath the hotel it was great! We used it to sightsee, shop, eat out and go to the theater! We were also close to Paddington Station and that was convenient. Nice Indian restaurant just across from hotel entrance (down a little street) was reasonable and we had dinner there twice. Kensington Gardens are near by and the Italianate Garden across from the hotel where the amusing fight in Bridget Jones # 2 was shot, is a beautiful place to walk and sit.	
Apr 22 2005 	Pleasant high rise hotel	Great views from the 17th floor executive room, which was very spacious with a large bed. Room was very comfortable and pleasant though traditional and not memorable for it's decor or style. Lobby area is nice but again not memorable. Unfortunately the lounge area on the first floor has no natural daylight, however the new Island Bar and Restaurant is airy, stylish and contemporary. Good breakfast, though average service - make sure you go to Island for a full cooked breakfast. Attended an event at the hotel - conference facilities here are fantastic, particularly the new rooms which are stunning. Excellent food and service at the event. Hotel has a very famous Thai restaurant, which looked nice but unfortunately no opportunity to visit this. Would benefit from a gym. Good location with very easy tube access. A good 4 star hotel with nice reception staff, a decent room at the executive level and good food. They have refurbished the exterior of the hotel to the third floor, with plans underfoot for a complete refurbishment of the rest of the tower - which would certainly have the potential to produce a quite excellent hotel.	
Apr 17 2005	Convenient	The best thing about this hotel is the proximity to the Lancaster Gate Tube station on the Central Line. The hotel sits in a small triangle which includes the tube stop. You almost don't have to even get outside to reach the station from the hotel. It is a very nice hotel, small rooms, good breakfast &amp; lovely common areas. The elevator service on the weekends was quite slow, but all else fairly typical of a 3+ or 4 star hotel. We did enjoy the valet &amp; bell men service - quite fancy with the top hat &amp; all. Plenty of good restaurants in the neighborhood - even a small grocery store across the street. Not really any of the &quot;English&quot; flavor - more cosmopolitan - could be any hotel in any big city.	
Jan 28 2005	Wonderful hotel! Wonderful location!	Our room was clean and pleasantly decorated. Since we were situated on a corner we enjoyed a panoramic view of the city. The only downside was the free breakfast. It's nothing but coffee, tea, (maybe orange juice) and various forms of bread. No fruit, no cereal, no yogurt, nothing but bread as far as the eye could see. If you want a full breakfast that is extra - substantially so. Otherwise we had an enjoyable stay at the hotel and found the staff to be friendly and accommodating.	
Jan 24 2005	Not bad	Not a bad hotel--bit of eyesore as building is somewhat dated and reflects the dismal architectural designs of the late 1970s. The rooms are somewhat small, but the bathrooms are clean and well-decorated. The staff is affable, but at times somewhat unaware of the hotel's amenities and services. The location is ideal, overlooking Hyde Park. Also, it seems a safe and quiet neighbourhood. I would classify this hotel as not more than a 3 1/2 star location, were I to apply a rating system.	
Jan 3 2005	Good Choice	Nice highrise on North Side of Hyde Park in good residential neighborhood. Tube station in basement, convenience store and friendly pub across the street- what more could you want? Room very clean and modern, staff very helpful. Went out everyday foraging for cheap food so didn't try the restaurants. Great location for walks in the park. Ask for the coffee/tea tray and they will bring you your own pot.	
Dec 2 2004	Great Location Excellent Hotel	Just arrived back after 2 fabulous days in London at Royal Lancaster, excellent location, and really helpful attentive staff. We had good sized room with fairly small but functional marble bathroom. Fantastic view over London, good air conditioning and no noise at all. Room was spotless.All in all very good hotel and would'nt hesitate to return again.	
Oct 7 2004	Great Location	We stayed here in July 2004. We were checked into our room early which was very helpful. The hotel itself is nothing to get excited about but fine for a 4* and the hotel room itself was reasonably clean and adequate in size. The room could have been doing with some redecoration and the furniture seemed to have been bashed around a bit.The location of the hotel was fantastic for us being so close to Paddington and the Heathrow Express while being right on the central line on the tube (tube station 50 yards from hotel!). Brilliant location for a stroll through Hyde park as well which the hotel overlooks.	
Sep 28 2004	Practical and Moderately Priced	Though origianally from CA, I have lived in Milano, Italy for the past 3 years, and have travelled Europe and the UK extensively, staying in both 4 and 5 star hotels. After hearing about the hotel on the BA holidays website, I booked this room on the Royal Lancaster website for a bargain of 80 pounds a night(around $140) Upon checking in with my husband, the reception asked us if we'd like to upgrade to a larger room for a supplement of 70 ponds a night(we declined) Upojn asking if our room had a park view, we were asked again if we'd like to upgrade to a suite(we declined again) Our key would not let us into the room initially, and we had to persuade a maid to let us in. Our room was nice(but small) as it was located on the 14th floor and had a partial view of the park, and a partial view of the hotels construction site - though with the windows closed you couldn't hear the jackhammering. The hotel lists itself as a four star, which technically, it is, but the hotel(and its staff) are dated. You could sink into the waterstained carpet in the lobby, the rooms and bathrooms are small, walls are thin, and new furniture would be a big improvement. However, our room was clean, the carpet in the halls and rooms was good, there were plenty of fresh towels and even a bathrobe. International outlets over the desk fit US, EU, and UK plugs. If you travel with your laptop, there is direct internet access to the room with a very high speed connection. I don't think there are pay movies, but there is a theater a few metro stops away. Our bed was only a double, but I didn't mind as it was comfy(no crack in the middle like standard EU kings) the pillows were wonderful and the sheets were not scratchy. Hyde park is right accross the street and is perfect for a morning jog. The Lancaster Gate tube station(central line) is right around the corner and you are only a few stops away from Kensington(high street) or Knightsbridge(Harrods) We didn't eat in the hotel, as we prefer to go out, though I did order a chicken ceasar salad from room service - which set me back 16 pounds and though it was good, had no resemblance to anything &quot;ceasar tasting.&quot; All in all it was an average experience in an above average location. I would stay again if I got the same low price as hotels can be quite pricey in London. Definitly not the Ritz, but nice for a quick one night stay.	
Sep 14 2004	Great Place to Stay!	Royal Lancaster is a great hotel to stay. My cousin and I stayed two nights from August 14-16. The service was great. The room was very accomodating. The staff was very helpful in pointing out the sights and places to go. The location is great. It's right across the street from Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens. The Underground Tube is right on the corner of the hotel. I had wonderful time there.	
Aug 19 2004	Comfortable but dated	A landmark building, if only because of its size and location (opposite Hyde Park and near Paddington Station). Room very standard and on the small side, needed refurbishment; horrible view of building works. Particularly good Thai restaurant.	
Aug 7 2004	Thank You for Making It a Great Vacation!	I'm glad that I found this hotel through a good offer from British Airways. I stayed in Royal Lancaster with my 11 years daughter for two weeks last June, and service was really above my expectations. The multinational collaborative staff members who are fluent in many languages members make people feel at home. Not only service is great, but also location (immediately behind Lancaster Gate tube station and Hyde Park!) and food as well. Defenitly this hotel will be my first choice whenever I come to london again.	
Jul 18 2004	Royal Lancaster is Great!!!		
Jul 18 2004	Rude noisy - avoid this place		
Jun 26 2004	Don't stay here		
Jun 20 2004	Loved this hotel!		
Apr 18 2004	Fabulous weekend...		
Mar 9 2004	Nice place		
Feb 22 2004	Very good hotel		
Jan 24 2004	Great Hotel		
Aug 6 2003	Practical		
Jul 3 2003	Terrific Location		
Nov 25 2009 	Grande classe		
Nov 16 2009 	Hotel à conseiller		
Nov 5 2009 	?????		
Oct 6 2009 	fatevi coccolare dal royal lancaster!		
Sep 29 2009 	??????		
Sep 24 2009 	Durchschnittliches Hotel in Top Lage		
Sep 16 2009 	Hotel ideale per un soggiorno perfetto		
Sep 14 2009 	Fantástico. Volveré siempre que vaya a Londres		
Sep 7 2009 	Da prenotare con cautela		
Aug 19 2009 	Situación		
Aug 19 2009 	Salvo pequeñas cositas el hotel estuvo bien		
Jun 30 2009 	Excelente Hotel		
May 21 2009 	Buenas vistas y mejor localización		
May 10 2009 	Quello che cercavo!		
Apr 22 2009 	Molto piacevole		
Apr 8 2009 	Eccellente ritorneremo!		
Mar 30 2009 	Confort contenido al estilo británico		
Mar 28 2009 	???		
Mar 20 2009 	Très bon hôtel j'y reviendrai.		
Mar 4 2009 	Tutto perfetto		
Feb 14 2009 	????????????		
Jan 3 2009 	ottimo hotel per una bella vacanza		
Dec 9 2008 	Muy buen hotel		
Oct 9 2008 	???????????????????		
Jul 23 2008 	Me gusto		
Feb 24 2008 	Me gustó mucho		
Oct 9 2007 	Horrible		
