	Best value location and rooms all in one	Just got back from our England trip and stayed our last night at the Premier Hotel. It's our second stay there and it's even better than out last trip. Much improved dining area. Great food and Bar. Our room was compact but well appointed and exceptionally clean. The location is great, just off the lively Earls Court road and a 2 minute walk to the tube. Close also to Holland Park and Hyde Park. Parking is always expensive but it's close for short term and long term parking. The staff are excellent and always helpful. We'll be looking to stay there again on our next family visit. It is definitely the best family value around.	
	Look No futherthis is it!!!	I recently stayed at Premier Inn, Kensington Earls Court and was so pleased with the service that I decided to write my experience so others can go and see it for yourselves. The front desk and restaurant has just been refitted and want a difference!! The reception is now slick with self checking but you still have the traditional reception desk. The restaurant is really nice, relaxing and spacious. But the hidden gem is the team and their customer service. This is felt from all team members, not one person will pass you bye without asking you “how is your stay” “what can we do better”. For a no thrills, clean hotel, this is very good.	
Nov 24 2009 	Absolutely excellent	This is one of the best hotels I have stayed in anywhere, better than others I have paid up to 4 times as much for in London and in the States. Rooms are spotlessly clean, very spacious, extremely comfy bed, excellent air conditioning (not always a given) and large bathroom with plenty of bathroom storage space. The staff always have a smile and are really helpful, both domestic staff, restaurant staff and reception staff. Nothing seems to be too much trouble for them. The restaurant serves very tasty food and a great choice, both at breakfast and dinner, and Earls Court tube is literally a 3-4 minute easy walk away. There are lots of shops and restaurant/bar choices nearby also, but the very best thing about the hotel is the tremendous value it offers. We had a special offer and paid £130 for 2 nights for 2 people including breakfast - simply excellent!! This hotel is heartily recommended and we can't wait to go back.	
Nov 21 2009 	Excellent hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights with a friend this September. The staff was incredibly friendly. Both my friend and I were from out of town, and the staff went out of their way to discuss maps and plans around the city with us. We were always greeted with a smile by anyone we met in the hotel.The rooms were very comfortable and very clean. We left in the morning, but everything was always cleaned by the time we returned at night. The hotel has a great location. It is only a few minutes away from the Earls Court subway station and there are plenty of restaurants and shops around. The hotel was going through renovations--redoing their restaurant, I believe--while we were there, but we had a quiet stay night after night, and things were still kept very clean. For a budget hotel, it was an excellent stay, and I would definitely come back.	
Nov 13 2009 	Perfect location Great price Great hotel.	Myself and my partner stayed for 2 nights (Fri-Sat). We arrived at 12 on the Fri and check in wasnt unitl 2 , but the girl on reception very kindly allowed us to check in early as a room was available. Our room was spotless, had a nice hot shower, tea/coffee making facilities, extra pillows and quiet at night (couldnt ask for more). About a 3 minute walk up the road is Earls court underground station, which has lines going to all the major attractions. Opposite that is a bakers oven cafe which is ideal if you dont fancy the Premier Inns Brekkie. The staff at the hotel were very friendly, the price for London very reasonable and we certainly wont look to book elsewhere on our next trip to London. Highly recommended .	
Nov 12 2009 	Great Location - Good Value for Money	We stayed here with our 13 year old son for 4 nights Wednesday - Sunday of half-term week in October. Room and beds comfortable - exactly as described. The temperature was fine - I usually suffer in Premier Inn type hotels with being too hot, but this time it was fine. Maid service was lacking. We ran out of toilet rolls and I had to ring for more. I am not sure if the maid missed our room out one day. Replenishing the milk for the tea tray happened after 5 pm on a couple of days and again we ran out of things for this. On Sunday we awoke to pouring rain, and rain started to drip through our window frame on to the carpet. Staff very friendly and enthusiastic on reception.The hotel was fully booked during this week and breakfast was incredibly busy. If you went down after 8.45 am, you would have to wait for a table with lengthy queues forming just to be seated. Mugs, jugs and teapots were in short supply and one day I had to wait 15 minutes for a mug to have a cup of tea, which in my view is not good enough. The variety of food on offer was excellent and couldn't be bettered really. Hot breakfast items were well cooked and of a good standard. Good value for money with kids eating free, pity about the wait for utensils though. Noise - if you have a room on the other side of the road across the bridge, you are away from the railway line. We didn't experience any noise at all where we were on Floor 5, over the bridge. A good location, a couple of minute's walk to the tube station and plenty of restaurants to eat at in the locality. We ate at &quot;The Real Greek&quot; - a very nice meal, one of the most authentic Greek places outside Greece and also at &quot;The Little French restaurant&quot; who do a set menu for £9.95. Again very good. All in all a great place to stay for London. I wouldn't stay in a Premier Inn outside of a city break or airport stop over, but it certainly suited our purpose for a busy few days visiting London. Very good value for money, with the room being slightly bigger than a boutique hotel we stayed at for twice the room rate.	
Nov 3 2009 	Clean 	We (2 adults and a baby) stayed in Premier Inn-Kensington for 7 nights in October. We stayed in a family room. The hotel is located not very far from Earls Court tube station which is very convenience for us. Our room overlooked the rail track. So we could see and hear the train. But it did not bother us. There are lots of place to eat and some groceries stores nearby. The room was small but clean. The Staff was friendly. There is a Restaurant in the hotel that serves buffet breakfast. But the line was always long.The only drawback was we have to wait for a long time for checking in since we paid by cash. It would be faster if we pay by credit card.We're happy with the hotel.	
Oct 25 2009 	friendly hotelgreat location.	stayed here for 2 nights,and was in walking distance to all the places we wanted to visit like meusems,harrods.the staff were very friendly and nothing was too much trouble,the food was good and the breakfast was great value for money,the room was clean and comfortable.its in a nice area and really close to earls court underground.would stay here again.	
Oct 24 2009 	Excellent value for money and friendly service	We booked this hotel as we wanted a hotel close to the museums and one that was value for money and suitable for children (6 year old). We weren't disappointed - the hotel far exceeded our expectations.From the other reviews I read, I expected it to be noisy - We couldn't hear any trains or any of the other guests, even though the hotel was fairly full. The room was very clean and a good size for central london with a separate single bed which my daughter said was very comfortable.The breakfast was excellent - Was around £7 each and free for children. The selection and quality was as good as (if not better) than I have paid more than double for in other hotels.All staff were very polite and welcoming and went out of the way to help.All in all a very pleasant overnight stay. I would definitely look into staying in another Premier Inn, especially when travelling as a family.	
Oct 21 2009 	Excellent value for money	Stayed at this Premier Inn $ nights in October. Found the staff extremely friendly and helpful, room was very comfortable, and meals were an excellent standard (their sticky toffee pudding is something to die for). Very well located near tube station, and to get to central London on tube is the minimum fare. Will definitely stay there again when visiting London	
Sep 27 2009 	Bargain but definitely 3 star and a bit noisy	I managed to book this at £49 a night through a promotion that Premier Inn are running at the moment. For that price, its a bargain in London, but if I had to stay there again I wouldn't pay anything more than about £65 per night.The location is superb as a few minutes walk to Earl's Court tube station and lots of dining places, all reasonably cheap, around there. Its also a very safe area, and good if you plan to stay out late and walk home late at night.Its also a reasonable 15-20 minute walk to South Kensington area for the museums and such.The lobby of the hotel is very nice, having just been redecorated, and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The newly opened restaurant and bar looked very cosy and inviting, but we did not dine there so cannot comment on the food. However, they do have a all-you-can-eat breakfast for £7.50, that you can purchase on the spot (no discount for pre-booking).The rooms are functional, and the air conditioning works very well. We got one of the rooms directly overlooking the train tracks, but there are two sets of thick windows so could not hear ANY train sounds at all! However, the walls are rather thin and you can hear the sound of doors slamming or people talking in the corridor... so you could be unlucky and live on the same floor as a stag party group.One downside is no internet or wifi in the rooms; only a modem connection.	
Sep 17 2009 	Great location and great value for the money	Ideally located close to Earl's court tube station; got a great rate in Feb; very clean and excellent service	
Sep 14 2009 	Great Location!	We have stayed here before, so we knew what to expect. Premier Inn is located in a great location - the tube stop is very close by (great access back to the airport as well on the Picadilly line). We generally stay at a cheaper hotel, but we had cause to be in London in August, and for sure wanted air conditioning, which Premier Inn does have. Nice and cool. Rooms are large and clean. The staff is always friendly, and if there is an issue, they doresolve quickly. For instance, when we checked into our double room, there was also acot in the room ..which we did not request and took up quite a lot of space. We called down and told them it needed to be removed, and she came upstairs fairly quickly to assess the situation (it had to be removed the next day as it was rather large)..but the point being she came up to help us out quickly.One problem with the hotel...they clearly don't have enough cleaning staff. Twice we came back to our hotel after 3:30 pm (once past 4:15) and our room still had not been cleaned. We like to come back, clean up and then head out to dinner and the theaterand not being able to get into the room at that late time was a problem for us. We hadseveral other long day trips, so for all I know, this happened several times more thanthe two times we knew of. The cleaning staff was very nice and did a good job, I am just saying it wasn't done by 3 pm (which it should be). I think most people in London like to clean up before dinner and many of the shows are at 7 pm, so one would expect to beable to be in one's room by 4 pm.Hotel is being re-furbished, but we had no problems with that. Again, the staff is quitehelpful and always smiling. Recommended especially for the summer months if onerequires air conditioning. Clean, comfy, centrally located.	
Sep 6 2009 	Awful hotel and service	Travelled here for a weekend in London with a show. The hotel is set up vey strangely - on both sides of a road, which is crossed via a creaky 1st floor gangway. The hotel has 'Sshhh' signs all over the place, reflecting the thinness of the walls.The staff were okay, although fairly forgetful and disorganised. You need to walk through a quasi building site to get to the hotel (for the new restaurant).I would not recommend to anyone.	
Sep 4 2009 	Quiet comfortable unpretentious and excellently located; reasonable value	After reading many TripAdvisor (TA) reports on a selection of hotels, boutique as well as chains, we chose Premier Inn as the best bet for a reasonably priced decent hotel. We were not disappointed. First, their web site is the most elegantly simple one we have come across. Not fussy, works which every browser we used (too many sites set up for IE and don't check if they work with others - we don't even bother proceeding further with those). We had booked Premier Inns for longer periods in 2 cities but then had to cancel; no problems. We later re-booked a shorter stay at this one.Much of their information is up front. The prices quoted include VAT etc; no having to search for fine print for add-ons. They warn of being adjacent to a rail line (in fact they seem to sit over one) but we had no problem with rail or road noise. They are undergoing renovations (could this be an older but post WWII hotel that has been taken over) and we were a bit concerned when we arrived but the only things we noticed were some obvious external work (with no noise) and the small temporary reception area. Our room was clean, compact but not compressed. For example, the double bed was in fact a queen bed (very comfortable), the small writing desk, with a mirror over it (and an adjacent hair dryer) doubled as a dressing table, and one could easily stretch out on the chesterfield. There was a simple electric jug and the makings for tea. The bathroom was simple but effective, especially the soap dispensers over the bath and hand basin (no walking off with the soap bars and those little sampler bottles you never use). And now to air conditioning.One of the things we were really looking for was air conditioning. In some of the TA reports brief mention is made of it in the reviews of some hotels but one or the weaknesses in Premier Inn is that it is difficult to get more information on specific hotels. After much reading we concluded that some of the hotels, including this one, did have AC but others not. Therefore, after getting to our room the first thing we checked was for AC. There were various sensors on the walls (some very old and obviously not connected) but we could not find anything which seemed to work and there was no obvious &quot;under the window&quot; big box. So we phoned the reception desk to complain that we did not have a working air conditioner. &quot;We'll have someone up there within 10 minutes, sir&quot;. They were there within 5. They have one of the craftiest and quietest systems we have come across. It turns out that there is no big box, just a vent in the ceiling; we had turned on the AC (and off again) but because we couldn't hear or see anything obvious assumed we did not have one. This leads to mention of the one important deficiency. There ought to be a folder in the room which explains how things work, including how to set the wake up call (instructions are on the 'phone but, being under the handpiece, you do not see them until you pick up to call the reception desk for a wake up call) and more detailed instructions (including a station/channel number list) on operation of the TV. Maybe people familiar with the English/EU system do not need that.Incidentally, on checking in they apologised for not having a restaurant ready but we do not think one is necessary. Within 5 minutes walk (at our octogenarian snail's pace - most could do it in 3 minutes) is Earls Court Road with a wide variety of ethnic eateries - Lebanese, Japanese, Chinese, Italian, French, representatives of various fast food chains, and even England is not forgotten with a Cornish Pasty shop essentially on the station (and their pasties are the best we have had in a long time) and an excellent pub (the Blackbird - named after the Lockheed SR-71 about which those we spoke to knew nothing). The area around Earls Court underground station is a good transportation hub. Four stops east is Victoria and easy access to the Gatwick Express; the Piccadilly Line takes you directly to Heathrow, and if the underground happens to be on strike (yes, it has happened to us - twice) it is a short cab ride to Victoria or to Paddington and the Heathrow Express. In the past couple of years we have stayed at two other London hotels, both chosen for their easy access to the Heathrow Express; a Best Western which simply had too much wrong with it at too high a price, and the Paddington Hilton which was excellent but came at a very high price, but probably reasonable value if you wanted all the bells and whistles. Our Premier Inn sat nicely in between - unpretentious, few bells and whistles but with all that one needed for a quiet and comfortable stay in London at a reasonable price (GBP98).Room for improvement without outlandish expense and consequent price increase? Yes. On the web site give a link from which we could get more information (one or two paragraphs) pertaining to specific hotels. Once in the hotel it would be nice to find an information folder in the room.	
Sep 1 2009 	Good Value Good Location	We stayed for 3 nights in this hotel, just 1 block from Earl’s Court Tube Station. The rooms were roomy, clean and comfortable. The hotel was undergoing renovation during our visit, but we didn't hear any noise, or get inconvenienced by the works.With the renovations going on the hotel was not able to offer its full range of services, but given this it was clear and quiet, offering a good night guarantee. The staff guided us to another Premier Inn 5 minutes walk away for Breakfast. Earl’s Court Road also offers options for Breakfast.The rooms offer pay for use WiFi internet service at 5 GBP for an hour or 9 GBP for a day of basic use. (Business packages were also available.) The shared iron and ironing board between all rooms on the floor can be frustrating when demand is high and / or other guests neglect to return it.Overall this hotel was reasonable given it was undergoing renovations at the time. It is very close to Earl’s Court which makes it convenient and reasonable value for money. Once it has a bar and breakfast facilities again, it willbe a very good value hotel in London.	
Aug 28 2009 	Best Hotel for Value and Cleanliness in London!	We stayed in this hotel of June 2008 after reading Trip Advisor reviews. Really close to Earlscourt tube station, shops, restaurants, etc. It was in a nice quiet area, the staff was really friendly and helpful. There was no free internet but an internet cafe about a block away. The room was not large, just enough room for 2 ppl and some suitcases but it was newly renovated and spotless. King bed which is impossible to find in London and A/C as well. Al in all fantastic stay would definitely stay again!	
Aug 18 2009 	Not exactly what we were expecting but it did the job!	We went to London for a 3 day, 2 night mini vacation. We really just needed a room with the bare minimum, since we weren't planning on spending a lot of time there, just to sleep for a few hours. Thats what we got. We needed a family room, but when we got there, it was just a double bed, a single bed and a lonely looking matress on the floor. The restaurant that was attached was being renovated, so no breakfast, but we were aware of that.Upon arrival, we were greeted by a very friendly polish receptionist. She was very cheerful and helpful. She suggested another Premier Inn we could go to for breakfast, she recommended popular attractions that she thought had the best value and even gave us a special brouchure that we could get scanned at select locations for 20% off at select places.The breakfast at the over Inn was around 8 pounds, for a full English breakfast, and it was very good! There was sasauges, eggs, becon, croissants, tomatos, mushrooms, fresh fruit, cereal etc...When we checked out the receptionist wasn't as friendly, he barely said a word and didn't smile... at all, which I find odd.Our bathroom looked funny too, it was very bland looking and the white paint had big chips taken out of it.In the end, it did the job for sleeping, but wasn't exactly ''premier''.	
Jul 31 2009 	Good Value and Location	We stayed here on a Sunday evening after having been to the Theatre. Parking is free around the area on Sundays so could park nearby until 8am the next morning. Really good value as the location is very good, and there are restaurants nearby (about 10 mins walk to various chain ones and shops). We had a double and a single bed for our daughter, lots of room to move about, quiet room and also clean. Would recommend this to others and is great for accessing London and all it's activities.	
Jul 13 2009 	There are 2 Premier Inns at Kensington - make sure you tell the taxi the right address	Booked this hotel but was brought to Premier Inn Olympia. So, just decided to stay there. Turned out OK since Premier Inn Olympia was just newly renovated while Premier Inn Kensington is just being renovated (in the process). Both are walking distance from Earls Court Tube station.	
Jul 3 2009 	Very good value for price	Despite the fact that this hotel was undergoing renovation when we visited I would not hesitate to recommend it based on several factors. Staff were accommodating and pleasant and fulfilled my request for a quiet room. Air conditioning unit was very quiet. Beds/pillows were very comfortable and linen seemed new. Hotel room itself was well organized for its space. Bathroom was clean but could use updating (ditto towels). Hotel in good location (nr restaurants, tube stops, shopping). We've stayed in more expensive hotels in London which have not been as nice, and in cheaper ones which have been rather grim.	
Jul 1 2009 	Great you get what you pay for	My fiancee and I stayed here in June as a weekend away to celebrate her birthday and our anniversary. For £80 per night, it is possibly the best we would get in London. It is literally a 5 minute walk to Earls Court tube station. The only dowside was the restaurant and bar are currently closed for refurbishment. There was no monetion of this on the website or the booking confirmation, which was a bit annoying at 9pm on Friday night when we got there after a long journey. We didn't really want to go out as we had both had a long day etc, but there is a 24 hour sainsburys 5 minutes walk away. We would definitly stay there again, but we would go by train next time as the car park was about £60 for less than 48 hours and is actually attached to the Marriott hotel.For a city break in London, this place would be perfect. It was an excellent base to have a shower and sleep at night, which in a city like London is all you want.	
Jun 19 2009 	Nice room but under construction so no restaurent	The room was fine but there was no advice that the hotel was under construction and that there is no restaurent. This is still not disclosed on the web site!The room was mostly cleaned over three days. One day the coffee mugs had not been cleaned. The last day we ran out of soap in the bath/shower.Do not use their taxi recommendation unless you understand that they do not order a black cab. They use a local private cab that is twice as expensive as the balck cabs.	
Jun 7 2009 	Will be great I am sure	I am a regular user of the Premier Inn chain so this hotel did come as a bit of a disappointment.It is very close to Earls Court tube which is on the Piccadilly line so we got to where we wanted to go very easily. As stated in other reviews the hotel is undergoing refurbishment which meant the bar and restaurant were closed-this is my problem, they should have told me this when booking. We ended up going to another Premier Inn for breakfast 7 minutes walk away, as luck would have it the weather was great so it was not a problem, if it had been raining it would have been a major pain.The room was fine spotlessly clean as always with Premier Inn and as usual the staff were great.The general appearance of the hotel is tired, hopefully the work going on will sort this out. When I go to London again I will stay somewhere else but still within the Premier Inn brand.	
Jun 4 2009 	ok. prices vary by day. convenient area	We booked the Earls Court Premier Inn after receiving a less than desirable Priceline &quot;win&quot; on another hotel on a different day. We were hesitant to do so for additional nights, so booked this Premier due to the higher ratings, and flextible cancellation policy. It was fine, but In retrospect, I wish we would have used Priceline (or Hotwire) more. Cons: I think the current renovation does detract from the experience. The entry, halls, reception, etc. were not at all as attractive as they appear in photos. Our room was fine, although it had a lot of scrapes and scratches, making it look older and more worn. Bathroom handles were broken (although functional). None of these made much difference in our comfort; they only detracted from appearances. The lift was out during some of our stay as well. I think they may just shut it down periodically. We didn't order breakfast, but I was not impressed with the small &quot;boxed&quot; meals I saw outside other doors in the morning.Pros: Staff was friendly. Very comfortable bed. Clean. Convenient location, and away from the crowds (which we like). Please note, that the price may vary depending on when you book -- even for the same dates. We checked prices one day, decided to book the next, and they had gone up by 10%. Thinking we just missed a window of opportunity, we booked anyway. Then, several days later, the price was down again, so we cancelled the first, and booked a second time.	
Jun 1 2009 	Room location matters renovation until end of 2009	I'm giving this two stars due to the renovation, perhaps it will be better once they are finished at the end of 2009. Everyone going in/out has to feed through one area in a narrow lobby, with just one small working elevator that broke during our stay. They are also doing noisy work on the road right outside.The area is full of hotels and restaurants, to help support the nearby convention center. Keep in mind the area will be heavy with tourists. You have a large selection to choose from on Earl's Court Rd. I think every fast food chain is represented, so you can eat for cheap if you choose. There are 3 large grocery stores within a 10 minute walk. The Earl's Court station is about a 5 minute walk away. It seems generally safe and quiet away from the main road.Quick travel tip if you stay here and arrive at Heathrow. I would recommend saving a ton of money and taking the Picadilly line, it's about 30 minutes to Earl's Court. There is an large elevator/lift that goes directly to the exit on Earl's Court Rd. You do not have to carry luggage up any stairs to exit the station.We had two different rooms, the first was across the walkway. These rooms were extremely small, pretty much just enough space to walk around a bed, we had a difficult time finding space for our two pieces of luggage. Small bathrooms with a leaky shower, we were thinking we made a big mistake. It would be a one star, mom and pop roadside motel in the USA. We managed to get another room, this time on the lobby side. This room was much better, typical average American motel room size. Small table, bigger bed and normal sized bathroom. All rooms have A/C.The lobby staff were always friendly and helpful, so that is a plus. You won't have anything to worry about in that regard.You will be taking a gamble with which room you get here, so keep that in mind. Hope you get there early enough to claim a good room. It can be anywhere from terrible to great. Since the renovation is not changing the rooms, this problem will not be fixed. With that much inconsistency, I would not return to this location.	
May 20 2009 	Nice hotel reasonably priced.	My partner and I stayed here for 2 nights in May, 2009. The hotel is currently undergoing refurbishment but did not impact our stay at all. Our room was spacious, clean and modern and the bed very comfortable. The location is excellent, a 5 minute walk away from Earls Court Station.We would stay here again.	
May 19 2009 	perfectly acceptable	We stayed for 2 nights to attend a concert.Had stayed 2 years ago and the only difference was that this time the retaurant and bar were closed for renovation.The restaurant being closed was not a problem as there are plenty of places to eat in Earls Court,however it would have been nice to be able to have a drink on returning from the concert.The staff are very friendly and helpful,room was clean,towels pristine and water hot.The hotel is in a quiet road only 2 minutes walk from the tube and there was no traffic noise.Looking in to the dingy hotels around this area,I would recommend this hotel for a &quot;no frills&quot; London trip.And will happily stay there again.	
May 3 2009 	Good Value	Stayed at this hotel for a couple of days and was happy with the choice: the hotel is close to the subway (earls court or gloucester road), rooms are refurbished with good conveniences, spacious bathroom, big and very comfortable bed, and most of all, very quiet bedroom (he hotel is located &quot;behind&quot; the main street, cromwell road). This isn't the most touristic part of the city, but for the price was ok.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great hotel but undergoing renovation	I've heard a lot of positive things about Premier Inns, and after this stay, I can understand why. Good room, reasonably soundproof, exquisitely clean, and friendly staff sum it up. So why not 5 stars? We showed up expecting breakfast with our room, and discovered that almost the whole ground floor was being renovated. No breakfast room, and only one elevator, which broke down the second day of our stay (Saturday) and was not fixed when we left Monday morning. In fairness, they did adjust our reserved with-breakfast price, and sent staff up to help us take 5 pieces of luggage down three flights of steps. I do wonder if they couldn't get elevator repair over the weekend, or were just unwilling to pay a weekend premium.We won't let the experience sour us on the hotel, which has a lot of positives, but if you plan to stay there before June, check and see that the renovations are finished.	
Feb 21 2009 	Fulfilled its purpose as we passed thru London	Our family of four stayed there for two nights on arrival from the States. The room was tiny -- U.S. fire codes probably wouldn't allow occupancy by four people. The room was a bit worn and could have used a fresh coat of paint. The hotel was quite a lot more &quot;budget&quot; than we'd anticipated (or as it appears on the website). Our room was on the far side of the street, so coming and going always took a while, but that wasn't a deal-breaker. On the positive side, the location was good. Earl's Court Road was just a block away, with the tube station and a good selection of restaurants. The breakfast buffet at the hotel was ample for our needs. One other note: we smelled cigarette smoke each time we got off the elevator at our floor, which was odd because the entire property is non-smoking. On the second night, I was disturbed by a constant smell of cigarettes in both the room and bath, which seemed to come from the next room. I reported it as we checked out but never received an apology or other follow up from the staff.I'd recommend it to a friend only if they were looking for a central London location at a very low cost.	
Jan 29 2009 	Great stay at Premier Inn London Kensington	This was a first time visit to London. I was on a European vacation with my daughter. The location was excellent, only a 2-3 minute walk from the Earl's Court Underground stop. The staff was fantastic. They bent over backwards to provide good service, especially in the restaurant. After long days of being on your feet sightseeing, we found this a very nice way to end the day by just having dinner there. The food was good, and the service excellent. We also found it to be very convenient to have the buffet breakfast there as well. We stayed here for 5 nights at the beginning of our trip, then again for another 4 nights at the end of our trip before returning home. My daughter fell very ill the last few days, too sick to leave the hotel. The staff kept asking me how she was doing, and I even had one of the waitresses offer to go to the drug store for me. How sweet is that? She got free tickets to the London Eye for that kind gesture! We couldn't use them anyway, since my daughter was too ill to go. If we ever go back to London, we'd definitely stay there again. Our rooms were very clean and updated, the beds were very comfy, and very reasonably priced considering it was London. The staff was great!	
Jan 16 2009 	Great Hotel!	My partner and i stayed at this hotel in Nov 2008 for a long weekend. We were a bit worried as we had never stayed ourselves in London before so didnt knnow where was best! So glad we picked this hotel, Kensington is a lovely quiet area with loads of gorgeous houses surrounding the hotel. Earls Court is 2 mins walk around the corner next to loads of shops, bars, food places etc.. for getting home from the centre at night use the bus service... im not the smartest when it comes to these things but i found it so simple and easy to use and saves u a fortune in taxi fares!! TGI's in Picadilly Circus was lovely and the Circus is the place to be at the weekend.. it is heaving with people and loads of bars and clubs etc...Go to the comedy club in PC ... Didnt go this time but been before and its great!!	
Jan 13 2009 	A good choice but location not that convenient	The Hotel was one offered by British Airways as part of a package. I was very happy with the hotel itself. It was clean, moderately priced (relative to other hotels), and the staff was pretty friendly and it was indeed close to Earl's Court tube. We found that it was convenient to get on the subway from the hotel. What we found, however, was that as midnight approached, we found ourselves rushing to the train station to get back to the hotel so we didn't have to take an expensive cab or try to figure out the night bus system to get home. This placed restrictions on our &quot;nightlife,&quot; especially on the weekends when we wanted to stay in central London later. But, we were a little too concious of the cost of things (the dollar was 1/2 the value of the pound at the time) and certainly could have cabbed it back one night or two as an alternative. All in all, it was a quiet comfortable hotel with all of the modern conveniences in the room. We even managed to persuade British Airways to contact the hotel managemtn to allow uso keep our luggage in a storage room overnight when we went to Paris for one day/night. Premier Inn has a fairly strict policy of not allowing this. The exception they made allowed us to avoid hauling all of our luggage around London to get to Paris for a short stay.	
Jan 11 2009 	Would definitely return	We moved to this Premier Inn from another terrible hotel so maybe my impression from Premier Inn is a bit impacted.The hotel is perfectly located, 3-minute walk from the Earl's Court tube station.Me and my friend got a family room (1 double bed and 1 single bed), we were told they didn't have any twin rooms.The room was spacious, there were a table with a chair, a wardrobe, a TV with many channels.The bathroom has a sink with 2 cranes (typical for UK), anyway we got used to it, and a bath. There is a douche gel and liquid soap in the bathroom only. The hotel is located in a quiet area although there seems to be a railway pretty near.During our 10-day stay we were never awaken by the noise outside of the room or inside, although I always face this problem in other hotels.The room had an air-conditioning system which allowed to set the comfortable temperature in the room.The designs of the room seem to be modern. The rooms were cleaned every day and we got new towels daily although we didn't ask for them.The staff was extremely polite and helpful whenever we made any enquiries or asked for help.There are plenty of places to eat near the Earl's court tube station (indian, chinese, thai, italian, pubs etc.).The only problems during our stay were:1. we couldn't decide who'll sleep on the big bed2. the towels had quite a strange smell (I assume that was the detergent)3. the staff that cleaned our room accidentally took our own glasses and they could not find them to give them back to us, although they tried really hard to locate the glassesOverall, I find this place very good and comfortable, it's not the same as a 5-star hotel, but it's a good value for money in London.	
Jan 10 2009 	Good but not great	I stayed at the hotel over new years break, location is great (in a nice area, lots of restaurants and very close to the tube) but the hotel disappoints when it comes to details:- shower pressure is too weak, it was a struggle to shower everyday- ameneties are basic which is understandable but things like the complimentary kettle in teh room was too old and grubby to use. - the restaurant prices are very high compared to what you get and not so well organized.otherwise the hotel is fine in terms of room size, cleanliness, friendliness of staff.thx,	
Jan 7 2009	No - too much noise from tube lines	I stayed here for a few nights but was unlucky with the room I was allocated. The noise from the tube line below was easily audible, even with earplugs in, the window firmly shut and curtain drawn. I travel and work away from home quite a lot, so am used to new surroundings and city noise, but the soundproofing was exceptionally poor. I had such a packed itinerary I just didn't have time to hang around and change room.In fairness, when I raised the issue, I received a one night refund, but I was of the impression they were well aware of the problem but there was no indication that anything awould be done about it. One good thing was the cleanliness - the room was spotless, really 5 star clean. I wouldn't go back and I wouldn't recommend it.	
Jan 1 2009 	Just OK	After reading some of the reviews on here, I was looking forward to our stay at the Premier Inn in Earl's Court, Kensington. I have to admit to being slightly disappointed, though.Firstly, location-wise, the hotel cannot be beaten. It is situated in a nice area of Earl's Court (with some great architecture - worth a stroll), and is only two minutes walk away from the tube station. No problem there. Check-in was also fine. The room was typical Premier Inn - no real frills, but pretty much unbeatable for the price. My issues with it started to niggle more and more, though. Secondly, the heating was adjustable, but it never seemed to work properly. So, if you increased it a little, it seemed to increase considerably and vice versa. It was always too hot or too cold! Perhaps it was just our room, but it was frustrating. Another main problem was the shower. I've stayed in the Premier Inn on Albert Dock in Liverpool, and the showers there were incredibly strong. Here, the flow was weak, the temperature was unpredictable and the shower head seemed broken. A little shoddy. My final issue was with the restaurant. We decided to eat dinner at the hotel's restaurant one night, and despite the hefty prices (perhaps understandable for London), we were looking forward to it. We were asked to wait to be seated - despite the fact the restaurant was more than half empty. When we were, the overly enthusiastic waiter rattled through all manner of menu options, so much so that it was hard to keep up. We both ordered the pizza anyway. We waited. And waited. And waited. It took the kitchen close to 45 minutes to prepare two pizzas in a half-empty restaurant. During this time, a man who looked like the chef, spent a number of minutes just wandering the restaurant. With regard to the prices we were paying, the service was very, very poor and will hopefully be improved for the future. I hardly dare imagine what the wait would be if the restaurant was full.So, overall, the accommodation was ok. The price is still very competitive for the area, but there were still some niggles there which will hopefully be ironed out for the future.	
Nov 25 2008	Friendly Comfortable and Convenient	Premier Inn Kensington Date of stay 10th November 2008Arrived 7pm, greeted by efficient and friendly reception staff.The room was of a reasonable size for London with flat sceen tv, coffee maker etc. Very clean and with a comfortable bed.We decided to have breakfast in the hotel which was £7.95 per person, buffet style, eat as much as you like. We had seen pubs on earls court rd offering breakfast at £5.00 but we preferred to be here. So glad we did! The staff could not be friendlier and the selection of food was excellent. Also breakfast tables are at a discreet distance from eact other enabling you to have a private conversation.We both noted how even the cleaning staff took the trouble to greet every guest as they passed by.The location is three minutes walk from earls court tube and many restaurants and pubs are nearby.For the price we consider this a real find and we will defintely stay again on ouir next visit.	
Nov 17 2008 	great hotel	Very nice and comfortable hotel. I liked the location - slightly out of the tourist area. Good place to go back to in the evening, lots of places to grab a bit to eat. The people in the bar were very friendly - gave us glasses and ice!. Close to the Tube. Nice sized room comfy beds, clean and modern.	
Nov 11 2008 	Very comfortable stay	I have just returned from a 4 day stay at Premier Inn Kensington.It was very hard to decide what London hotel to stay , but tripadvisor helped me a lot. So hard to find right balance between price, location and quality hotel.Neigbourhood is really ok, safe at night. Earl court undergroung 2-3 minutes walking. Couple of nice restaurants, and some nice place just opposite tube entrance where you could have breakfast ( maybe hotel price at 8 pounds is little to much ).Sainsbury and Tesco stores are also close by.I was alone in room, so i had enough space, but my parents were in other room and they also had enough space.Room is clean, shower is ok, also heating was working, and i heard no noise from outside (maybe because we have been so tired after sightseeing and shoping).Window can not be fully open because of security reasons.We have been on second floor acroos the street via tunnel, but everything is well explained so we had no problems finding our rooms.Staff at check in are ok , and we used luggage storage both on arrival and departure.Bar has Sky sports ( although 3.30 for a pint of Guiness is too much) , and in room you have enough TV programmes.Definitely if you dont need any extras, this is hotel for you.I will come again.	
Nov 5 2008 	Would highly recommend!	Extremely friendly staff, only two minutes from the tube and spotlessly clean rooms, what more could you ask for? We didn't eat in the restaurant or use the bar but they were always busy when we past them. Would recommend Balans on Old Brompton Rd for breakfast. I would definitely stay here next time I am in London for it's location and price.	
Nov 4 2008 	Great location great price	If you are looking for a cheap and reliable base for seeing the sights of London then you can't go far wrong here. Located in a very pleasant, safe and accessible location, close to Earls Court tube, the Premier Inn is the perfect choice. Small, but spotlessly clean rooms with great showers and freeview on the modern TV's. Breakfast is actually a bargain if travelling with children as they eat free with every adult. Good choice of restaurants on the main road by the tube. What makes this place special however are the charming and helpful staff. Whoever is managing this place deserves credit for his team who are consistently friendly, attentive and despite the crowds at half term, willing to take time with each guest. This is a budget hotel, but some of the bigger names could take a few lessons from the team here!	
Nov 1 2008 	Clean with Easy Tube Access	As long as you are not looking for extravagance, this spot is perfect. Our room was small (we had two adults and two children), but since we only used it to sleep and shower, we didn't need a lot of room. Best of all, the Earl's Court Tube stop was only about a block away, as were a few restaurants and pubs. This inn was a clean and affordable place to stay in London. We would certainly stay there again.	
Oct 22 2008 	Excellent stay.	My husband &amp; I stayed here for 4 nights in October 2008. We arrived at the hotel quite early in the day, but were allocated a room straightaway. We found all the staff to be extremely helpful, pleasant &amp; polite. The variety &amp; choice of food, both hot &amp; cold, at breakfast was of a very high standard. The room was very clean &amp; the bed was very comfy. The location of the hotel itself was excellent, only 2 minutes walk from Earl's Court tube station. As it is in a residential area, there was virtually no outside noise. There were several good bars &amp; cafes in the vicinity and an excellent Italian restaurant about 8 minutes walk away. Altogether it was an excellent stay &amp; I would not hestitate to recommend this hotel to friends &amp; family &amp; would stay here again in the future.	
Oct 17 2008 	Quiet convenient great value	This is my second Premier Inn. I stayed at Gatwick last year. I must say that the Gatwick one is a little nicer in terms of design but honestly it's a great value. I stayed out in this way b/c I didn't want to be in the center of London as it's very loud at night. Kensington is just up the street from the tube and there's food, internet and everything on the same street as the station. The check in was nice and friendly as always and the room was clean just a slightly below the comforts of the Gatwick one. But overall great hotel chain. So happy I found this chain and I'm staying loyal.	
Oct 15 2008 	Good location	We stayed in a couple of Premier Inns and found them to be clean and comfortable &amp; quiet. The only problem we found was that our teenage children didn't like thier bedding. One had the couch and the other a mattress on the floor. The mattress on the floor was particularly uncomfortable - you could feel the springs. Probably wouldn't be a problem with younger children. The location was great - very handy to the train.	
Oct 8 2008	Cosy 	My family &amp; I have been travelling in Europe for 5 weeks, and this is by far one of the best we have stayed. It is located just 2 mins walk from Earls Court tube station. Which is a great station to be near cos this particular station connects to quite a number of lines, without you have to travel to other stations to change. Its not very near a lot of places of interest but its convenient. Also, its located on a quiet street in a nice residential area, away from the noise of main streets or train stations. But walk 2 mins, and you'll reach grocery shops, restaurants, cafes which are sprinkled near the tube station. There's even Marks &amp; Spencer.The room was not big, but there was enough space, even after accomodating a 2nd bed in the room, cos we have a child with us.(which i do not believe the hotel charged us extra for). The room looks new, is clean, has aircon as well as a heater. It provided complimentary coffee/tea making facilities which in my books is always a must. The beds were extremely comfortable. There were plenty of channel options on TV if you ever eat in. The breakfast although not bundled in the 90 pounds per nite we paid, was a good deal. 7.95 pounds for full breakfast or 5.95 for just continental. The quality of food served at breakfast was good, and there was good choice. Our child who's ate free. There was porridge which you can order as part of the meal, which is great for him. this is definitely cheaper than eating out. So we had breakfast at the hotel most days.Service staff was good, helpful &amp; friendly. Only 2 things I didn't like 1) the 2 separate taps for cold &amp; hot water at the wash basin. How do people manage? 2) Internet is payableAlso, even though we were in the room across the street (connected by a covered walkway bridge) you can hear the muffled sounds of the trains. But its not loud enough to bother us really. Premier Inn is my choice.	
Oct 7 2008 	From ok to nice	Having red a thousand reviews about hotels in London I decided to choose this one, price was ok, good location and people said it was not a bad place. Ok dokey that’s it. Good location, ok price and place not bad at all. If I were you I would not take breakfast since you have like 4 or 5 places to take a good breakfast at Earls Court or, if on a tight budget, you can go to Cronwell Road Sainsbury’s and get your 4 day breakfast for two for 15 pounds. The carpet is a bit old and, depending where you are, the way to go to your room seems like a labyrinth but once the receptionist-guide tells you the way you just need a bit of hotel jungle expertise and you will land in your room. Once you are there a fridge would be nice too but all in all I would repeat the place if I do not want to go to the 150’s. If you consider those regions a land for corporate travel and rich people go to the Premier Inn, clean, convenient and with nice rooms.	
Sep 30 2008	Great value good location quiet	This hotel is the best value I've ever paid for a one-night stay in London, that's for sure.A good location - not truly central, but handy for being in Kensington (and not far from the centre if that's what's needed).Large room, spotlessly clean, comfortable bed. Also, terrifically clean bathroom, with decent size and facilities. Friendly staff. And perhaps the greatest feature - peacefully quiet. Unlike the many chain hotels (at 2-3 times the price) that are nearby, the Premier Inn is one street back from the main Cromwell Road, and so gets no traffic noise at all.One slightly weird thing is that there are loads of card locks everywhere - to go into the annex (where I was staying), I had to go through no fewer than four door locks.All in all, a really excellent hotel in London. Pretty much impossible to fault, for the price.	
Sep 19 2008 	Excellent Service and Value for Money	I spent seven nights at the Premiere Inn Kensington between July 1 and July 8, 2008.I was impressed with their service from the get-go. I originally booked my reservation with Travlocity.ca in April 2008 at an early-bird rate of $99.00 per night. The regular room rate was $134.00 per night. When I arrived at the hotel I was surprised to learn that they had no record of my booking. Apparently Travelocity neglected to fax the hotel and complete the booking. I had a printed copy of my Travelocity confirmation, which I presented to the hotel manager. Luckily they had rooms available, and with no fuss, no muss, the manager booked me in for six nights at the early booking rate of $99.00.The hotel is a stone’s throw form Earl’s Court tube station, and close to all the action on Earl’s Court and Cromwell Road. The room was large and spacious, with a comfortable queen sized bed. Small hi-def flat screen TV was a real treat for morning / late night news. Excellent bathroom facilities with piping hot water (you will note the “Caution: Hot Water” signs at the tub and sink; they aren’t kidding, the water is scalding hot!)No hairdryers in the bathroom as I recall, so bring your own if you need one.Excellent buffet breakfast for $7.99, in a modern dining area with good quality food. Lots of families with kids, so maybe not your first pick if you are a young single or young couple looking for something more hip. My only real qualm was with the very small bar / lounge area, tucked away next to the dining area. The service was a bit spotty at the bar; the bar is only staffed consistently at peak hours; otherwise you’ll only get service if the one of the staff members notices you standing at the bar, waiting for a drink. Also, the lounge area is small, with seating for about 20 people max. Not a big deal since there are plenty of other bars and restaurants within walking distance of the hotel.Great hotel; I highly recommend it and will stay here again on my next trip to London.	
Sep 17 2008 	Good base in a great location	Stayed here for 2 nights, 10 - 12th Sept, while at a conference. Room was in a building across from the main hotel reached by a walkway on the 2nd floor. it was a clean and modern room with air con and a flat screen tv. Tea and coffee supplied but only soap in the bathrooms. Adequate warddrobe space but not drawers. No problems with noise but room outlook was over roof tops. All in all considering its position, minutes walk from Earls Court tube station, a good value hotel. Would use it again.	
Sep 17 2008 	Just What We Wanted	Stayed here for 4 days at the end of July after reading the reviews here on TripAdvisor. The location is great for anyone who's looking to spend most of their time out seeing the sights. Earl's Court station (1 block away) and surrounding business have all the essentials you need (market, pubs, casual dining) right there. The morning breakfast on site provided a good start for the day's adventures. Rooms were fine (clean, quiet) but if you're looking for more than basic accommodations then perhaps this isn't for you. There's a fee for internet access.	
Sep 16 2008 	highly recommended	I've traveled to London several times and for the most part getting a good hotel in the city (if you're on a tight budget) is a gamble. But I can genuinely recommend this hotel. The staff were all very pleasant and approachable, the room was clean, quite large for a London hotel room, modern, and the price was competitive. And I'm pleased to say the bed was large and comfortable.I also stayed at the Premier Inn County Hall, and can also recommend that location.	
Sep 1 2008 	Good location and price	Hotel is in a great location, basic but good for the price.Clean and friendly.Stayed for 2 nights in family room children ages 3 &amp; 5.	
Aug 29 2008 	great hotel	Stayed for one night on 24thAug08 to see George Michael in concert we thought the hotel was brilliant .The location was just right the room was very clean and comfortable and the staff were very polite and helpful.The food in the restaurant was also very nice.We had a great time.	
Aug 16 2008 	Will definitely return-couldn't do better for the price!	This is an excellent hotel to stay in when visiting London. My daughter and I stayed for 3 nights and have no complaints. The room was exceptionally clean, spacious and very comfortable. The breakfast is very good value, you can have as much as you like and fill up on tea and very good coffee, I would strongly advise to take up the offer of one paying adult with free breakfast for child up to 16 years. The staff are very friendly and nothing is too much trouble. The rooms are cleaned every day and if you need clean towels there is no problem they will be changed as often as you wish. There is a luggage room available if you need it and a safe deposit option for your valuables at no extra cost. Earls Court itself is very self contained with plenty of restaurants and shops just a short street away. All and all it was a very pleasant stay and I will definitely use Premier Inn Hotels again.	
Aug 13 2008 	Basic Lodging	Good basic hotel: clean, fresh surfaces (appears freshly painted), with good air conditioning in rooms.Two buildings facing each other on the street with the family friendly side facing reception.We were in the family side but it was as quiet as a church. Getting there is a bit of a maze involving numerous passages, elevators and doors.Good location: near Earls Court tube, lots of businesses in areaSome faux pas: original room assigned appeared occupied; second room key turned off meaning negotiating the maze when back to reception when we exhausted; requested a taxi for departing and got a very expensive limo service to the train station.	
Aug 12 2008 	Excellent Location	We booked this directly through British Air as part of a special they were running at the time that included credits toward a hotel stay. We were thoroughly satisfied. The hotel is within easy walking distance of Earl's Court tube station and also very convenient to some of the bus lines that run from the High Street Kensington tube station (a bit further walk). There are lots of eating options close by as well as some supermarkets. The hotel itself was very clean and our room was quiet. We stayed in the part of the hotel that is across the street from the lobby. This hotel has air conditioning. We arrived at the hotel around noon expecting to just be able to drop our bags for a while but they let us check in at that time. We had a triple room and there were no surprises - we were very satisfied.	
Aug 5 2008 	Great Location Good Value	This was part of a package through British Air and was very inexpensive. If you can't afford to stay right in the very heart of Leicester Square or Picadilly Circus, this is a great place to stay. It is 1 long block from Earl's Court Tube Station which has the Picadilly Line and the Circle/District Lines, which means you can get just about anywhere very quickly. It is convenient to Heathrow on the Picadilly Line. It is also walking distance to Kensington Garden, Hyde Park, Royal Albert Hall, the Natural History Museum and the V&amp;A - not to mention Harrods!! The room and bathroom was were very average, but clean and comfortable. When I'm in London, I am not in the room much, so I really wasn't looking for any amenities (there are none). Breakfast was good if a bit expensive, but because kids eat free, my daughter and I started each day with a good breakfast at a reasonable cost. Note that because there are so many tourist hotels nearby, the subway station ticket lines can be long in the morning. Plan ahead and purchase tickets the night before or get the multi-day passes.In the past I've stayed at the Premier Inn - County Court House (just next to the London Eye). I would recommend that place first - if you can get a room there. Otherwise, this is a convenient, clean hotel, right on the subway.	
Aug 4 2008 	Fantastic Location	This hotel is a short walk from the Earl's Court tube station. We were able to take the train easily from and back to Heathrow. Trips into the center of London were also easily accessible. The rooms were clean and comfortable. We had to book two rooms because they only told us about the ability to put a cot in a four person room after it was too late. But it probably made for more comfortable accomodations since we weren't crowded. They had a full english breakfast each morning. Kids ate free. It was quite good and filling allowed us to snack during the day and eat only another dinner. Very accomodating in that we were allowed to keep our luggage on site before checkin and after check out. It allowed us to see the sites and not have to lug everything around. Staff was very nice and helpful. All other places we looked at were nearly twice the price. So you can't beat the value.	
Aug 2 2008 	Ideal Location	Ideal base as only a short walk from Earls Court tube station allowing quick access to central London and all the usual must see places. Hotel was very clean. Staff were great and very pleasant. Service in resturant was good and food was very good value for money. The room we stayed in had air conditioning which was very welcome. Rooms were cleaned each day and towels replaced. Will certainly use again. The hotel will also store luggage for you after check out but you need to get your bags down early as it is on a first come first served basis due to the space available.	
Jul 27 2008	Good Value	Stayed here a few times now and has become first choice for trips to London. Having said that the prices have gone up fairly significantly over the past couple of years but if you can get a room for around 80 quid it is still pretty good for this part of London.We booked our room some months in advance and I checked availability the night before we were due to stay and the same room was £40 cheaper ! So I cancelled original booking and made the cheaper one.It has all been said before really, usual Premier Inn rooms and facilities, handy for the Underground with good links and handy if you fancy a walk too. Reasonably quiet location with not much street noise. Last time we stayed we had a room on the first floor which overlooked a roof with some machinery on, possibly air conditioning units, and these were fairly noisy and might bother some people so check it out. The hotel is split in two with one half across the road from reception and I reckon this is the quietest part.Plenty of places to eat nearby by for evening meals and for good breakfasts and a couple of decent boozers.One thing though, if were being honest, It isn't really Kensington is it ?	
Jul 25 2008	Despite problems still a good deal	This is our second time staying at the Premier Inn Kensington. (We found it through the British Airways website.) The location and price are what drew us back. The Earl's Court Tube station is linked via the Picadilly Line to Heathrow! What convenience! (And there are no steps to negotiate--on the Tube map, look for the disabled logo to identify handicap-friendly stations.) The other nearby Tube station, Gloucester Road, is surrounded by somewhat more upscale stores than those near Earl's Court.Though the hotel is decidedly budget in ambience, the neighborhood (Kensington) is one of the most expensive in London, so you will enjoy your surroundings.The Museum of Natural History and Victoria and Albert are within walking distance.Be aware that part of Premier Inn is located across the street, linked to the main hotel by an enclosed bridge. It's a hassle to lug your bags down long hallways and change elevators twice. The annex side is quiet. In the main section, some rooms directly overlook the tracks. But sound insulation is good enough it shouldn't bother you.Quarters are very cramped, but all the facilities are there. Internet access via the phone line is expensive. There's a much cheaper internet cafe down the street (as you walk toward the Earl's Court Tube station).The staff struck me as overworked and underpaid. They tended to be grumpy and unhelpful. But for the price and location I'm willing to put up with a bit of bad service--it's really not their fault.	
Jul 24 2008	Great Location in Kensington From Which To Explore London	We stayed here 2 nights (June 29-30) with an EF Tours group. Like the other reviewers found, the hotel is in a quiet neighborhood a little over a block from the Earls Court Tube station, which makes it convenient to most of London. There is a nice little bar in which to have a drink after a long day of traipsing around London. Kensington also provides a nice area in which to get out and stroll -- Harrod's is not very far away. The rooms were clean and comfortable, and the breakfast our group had was very good. If I were to return as an individual tourist, I'd certainly consider making this a base from which to visit London.	
Jul 22 2008 	Basic clean and quiet accommodation close to a few pubs and the Earls Court Tube	We went RUNNING from the nearby Derby Hotel and spent two nights here during our post cruise tour of London. In fact we actually slept three times here since the good people at the front desk let us check in at 6am as we fled our dreadful room at the Derby a block away. Thank god as we hadn't had a wink of sleep at that hotel so were thankful to snooze a few hours at the Premier Inn before beginning our touring late that morning.The hotel is clean and basic, There is no room safe or refrigerator but the place was quiet and the bed very very comfortable.It's a nice area, with some shops and pubs, a Subway sandwhich joint, and a few fast food restaurants all within a block from the Earls Court Subway station. Very convienient for touring around London.One thing about this location, there are two areas that you may be housed, in our case it was accross the street from the lobby accessable via a Street sky walk. A bit confusing, but after a few wrong turns we got good at finding our room and our way in and around the hotel. Our room was nice and quiet, we slept very well.Oh ya, we paid £ 84.00 per night, not cheap, but by London standards for a clean comfy room a relitive bargain.I'd recommend the Premier Inn Kensington, and there excellent and professional staff.	
Jul 2 2008 	Great for wimbledon	Stayed here for 2 nights last week - booked at short notice as were unable to stay with friends near Wimbledon as planned. Most decent looking hotels in this price bracket in West London were booked up. We were pleasantly surprised at how good it was. Room, breakfast and service all excellent for the price. Location great for tube out to Wimbledon tennis	
Jun 29 2008 	Good value Great location!	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 2 nights whilst going to see a day's play at the Queen's tournament. Arrived on a Sunday afternoon and despite a little trouble finding the hotel (due to forgetting to print directions) arrived with not too much trouble.This hotel is one street away from the Earls Court tube station so easy access to central london. It was about a 20 minute walk to Queens Club which was ok as it was a lovely day. We had an evening meal in the hotel which was good and not too expensive considering. Didn't eat breakfast but prices seemed reasonable - be aware there are several options in the hotel as opposed to the 1 offered when booking online!The room was a good size, clean and tidy complete with flat screen tv.A final positive was the requirement to have a room key to access the lifts - a nice touch of added security!	
Jun 24 2008 	Fantastic Hotel!	We decided to stay at this hotel after seeing great reviews on tripadvisor. We wanted decent accommodation that was good value. We booked &amp; paid for a 3 night stay on the Premier Inn webpage – we also opted for the full ‘all you can eat breakfast’ which was an extra cost but seemed worth it. Paying for the room online was great because it meant we didn’t need to pay for anything when we arrived/left the hotel – the bill had been all taken care of months before we got there!When we got to the hotel – we LOVED it! The rooms were very clean and spacious. The bed was AMAZING – Premier Inn even have a good night sleep guarantee! I can see why – I didn’t even want to leave the bed to sightsee! Bathrooms are a good size, they even have a bath in there for a relaxing soak after a long day. Tea &amp; Coffee are restocked when the rooms are made up and kettles are cleaned regularly. The breakfast – WOW – I would recommend to book the full breakfast as part of your stay – Service was fantastic in the restaurant, with staff always checking that the food was fine etc. And the food – the BEST breakfast I’ve ever eaten! We were in an abundance of cereals, eggs, Heinz baked beans, meats, bread, yoghurt, fruit juices, museli, and even porridge (made to order) plus so much more! We also ate at the same restaurant for dinner a few nights – which was also an exceptional experience. The hotel is within walking distance to Earls Court tube station which we found very handy. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is planning to stay in London – it was reasonably priced, food tasty, staff friendly and helpful and in perfect position. And I must say, we really did have the best night sleep we’ve ever had at that hotel – if only we could take the beds home! I cant wait to stay there again!	
Jun 20 2008 	Simple Clean Good Value. In One Word - Excellent.	I stayed here in October 2007 with my mother and sister for 4 nights. We booked directly through the Chain's reservation lines and got an excellent price of 80 Pounds a night for a family room. The hotel entrance has a 24hr manned reception with a few chairs and no lobby (made no difference to us). There is a small pub which we did not visit. Breakfast is not included in the price but 2 children eat free with a paying adult. They define children to be anyone under 16 so my sister was able to eat free. The breakfast was good quality and varied and you can choose between continental and full. Breakfast room was pleasant and staff were very friendly during all of our visits. The room we got was situated on the opposite side of the street (the hotel is divided into two buildings on both sides of the road). To get to that part of the hotel you have to cross an over-road walkway. It is impossible to exit or enter the hotel directly from the second building as the doors were locked so it is necessary to use the walkway. This makes your way into and out of the building longer but It does provide a sense of security (as the main entrance is always manned). We didn't mind the bit of walking but the walkway itself was very poorly insulated. Some of the nights during October were quite cold and it was not pleasant to walk through there without a coat on. This was perhaps the only (minor) issue we had during our stay. I read complaints about the train noise in other reviews but we experienced no such problem, you might want to ask for a room on this side.The room itself was very satisfactory. It was roomy and we had one double bed and an additional sofa/single bed. There was an optional third mattress on the floor which we did not use. Beds were comfortable and sheets were clean. I even liked the purple theme of the &quot;Premier Inn&quot; design. Our window faced directly into the other side of the hotel which meant we had to keep the curtain closed most of the time to avoid staring into other people's rooms. Bathrooms were functional and in good shape. The entire room ,including bathroom, was very clean and well taken care of. Housekeeping did a very good (daily) job as well. If you have children or otherwise need to use the TV, note that there is a very small selection of channels.Location was even better than we had anticipated. It is a very short walk to the underground and we felt safe walking in the area after dark.For a very low price (in London terms) we got a well located, very clean and even pleasant room. Definitely a good find which I would highly recommend to anyone.	
Jun 19 2008 	An Excellent Stay	I stayed at the hotel from 16th to 18th June 2008. The hotel was very easy to find, a 5 minute walk, if that from the tube station.The Hotel:Check in was a breeze, we arrived before 2pm (the check in time) and they had a room all ready for us so we did not have to wait around. Our room was on the 5th floor, in the main block and I have to say, I wondered where all the bad reviews on this site came from. The room was newly refurbished - or it seemed it - with a huge bed, flat screen tv, seating area, dressing table and a kettle etc. The bathroom was bigger than mine at home, and was all new with a white suite and the shower was great, high enough for me which is a bonus as i am 6ft tall and in most hotel rooms the shower head only comes to my shoulders, which makes it hard to wash my hair!! I could not find one thing wrong with our room. There was no fridge but vending machines in reception and I asked at the bar for a bucket of ice, which i got. The room was air conditioned too.We slept well and were not disturbed by trains or the road, like some people have complained about on this site. At the end of our trip, we checked out at 12 and the hotel has a luggage room so we could still enjoy the sites without carting our stuff around before our train. They can keep your luggage there untill 8pm.The Bar and Restaurant:We did not eat at the restaurant, but we glanced at the menu and the prices did not seem too bad at all. Drinks at the bar were what you would expect for London. Overall:The hotel is a fantastic hotel, clean and modern, with friendly staff in a great location. At £95 per night, I have not got anything to complain about at all! I definatley would stay here again!!!	
Jun 10 2008 	great for families	This hotel is great for families. If you are looking for European charm like in storybooks, don't stay here. But if you are looking for a good location which includes a clean, comfortable, spacious room with your family ( 4 people) look no further. We stayed here with our 2 children ( 8 and 9) and were delighted. The full English breakfast ( free for kids) was great... got us going for most of the day. The service in all respects was great,. The room was clean, with a large bathroom and very comfortable beds- was perfect after a whole day of sightseeing . The area was safe, with many, not too expensive restaurants. Even the hotel meal at night was good and inexpensive even though the service was a little slow, we were pleased. Ok yes, we had to walk a little ways inside the hotel to get to our room , but really this was not a problem. Yes, you hear trains at times during the night, but the subway closes during most of the night - so really not a problem ( I am a very very light sleeper and had no problem)- overall this was a fantastic place , especially for families with kids and we highly recommend it. Just one word of caution, not about the hotel but rather Earl's court subway- rush hour is crazy and it is hard to get into a train. Go before or after and it is not a problem - the station itself is great for the piccadilly line as well as the circle and district line - also direct from heathrow - could you ask for anything more???	
Jun 2 2008 	Great location	My husband and I stayed here for four nights at the end of a three-week vacation. I had stayed at Premier Inns before, so was familiar with their accommoations. I picked this particular hotel because it was very close to one of my favorite restaurants.The location didn't disappoint. It was only a block from Earls Court Road and the tube station for the Piccadilly line, so it was extremely easy to get to the major attractions. Unfortunately we were there during a holiday weekend when many of the central London lines were completely or partially out of service, so we experienced a few delays and detours, but overall the tube access was terrific. Earls Court also has a lot of great restaurants, grocery and convenience stores, pubs, Internet cafes, and other shops right there. We ate dinner and sometimes lunch in the area every day. It was nice not to be in the crowded central London area; it felt like a relief to come back to peace and quiet after a long day.The room was spacious and comfortable, although it could use a little facelift in the furnishings (for example, the Kings Cross location had nice dark blue tiles in the bathroom, whereas this one had faded ivory tiles with some dark grout spots and strange wooden siding on the tub). It was reasonable for a budget hotel, considering we paid less than 100 GBP per night. Internet access was ridiculous at 12 GBP per day. There was hallway noise from housekeeping in the morning and doors shutting at all hours, but generally it didn't bother us too much.We didn't eat in the restaurant as there were so many great choices nearby. We had hoped for some kind of laundry facility, but unfortunately there was none onsite.Generally I would give the hotel decent marks but don't expect anything spectacular. The location was the best thing about it and for that reason I would stay there again.	
May 27 2008 	Highly recommended	Just got back from a couple of nights at the PI Kensington and would thoroughly recommend it to visitors wanting a safe, convenient hotel, a comfortable room at a decent price and helpful staff. Our room was spacious, very clean and comfortable, and quiet despite the fact that the hotel is so close to Earl's Court tube station. Bathroom facilities are good, though toiletries are basic, as seems to be the norm these days (foam soap at the basin and combined Lux shampoo/shower gel at the bath). Only half a dozen coathangers, so you might need more for a longer stay. Museums a pleasant 20 minute walk away, (don't whatever you do miss the stunning Victoria and Albert!), around 35 minutes through a good area to the Royal Albert Hall and Hyde Park, and plenty of eating places in the neighbourhood, as well as a Sainsburys and a Waitrose should you need them. The breakfast was all-encompassing and the trays kept well-stocked. It's a treat to have breakfast served until 11 on Sundays, and also a reasonable check-out time of 12 noon. And I can't praise the young staff enough - they really are very friendly and helpful. I can't imagine where the recent &quot;puce plastic&quot; review sprang from - the only bit of puce we saw was on the faces of the poor old Leeds United fans who'd lost their crucial Wembley play-off!	
May 13 2008 	Budget priced but has everything that matters	Despite the overuse of purple in the decor, what a great hotel. Comfortable beds, huge room for London, big bathroom, and very, very clean. Best of all, you actually have your own table and chairs, tea, and coffee. Who ever heard of that in a European budget hotel? The weather was awful the week we were in London and we spent more time than expected in our room, and it was a very pleasant place to be.The hotel restaurant proved to be extremely popular, but we weren't very interested. There are many excellent restaurants near the Earl's Court station that is only 1-2 blocks away. And a large supermarket about 3 blocks away as well.The hotel lobby was always full of people, including tourist groups and large families, but the rooms and hallways were very quiet. This hotel has function, comfort, cleanliness and is actually very quiet. A great bargain compared to typical London prices.	
May 9 2008 	Suitable for families	We stayed in the hotel for three nights, with my family (I've two children of 9 and 12 years).Position is great. Only 3 minutes from Earl's Court Underground (zone 1).Full Breakfast (free for children) is great too, even if it is not clear that it is not possible to have full selection from Costa Coffee menu, and my son enjoyed it very much (he eats a lot).Room is clean, also bathroom is clean, and there is dispenser for Shampoo and Soap.Room is very spacious for 2 adults and 1 child, as the 2'nd bed for children leaves few space, however for a short stay is perfect.All the staff is very gentle.The restaurant menu is simple, and they have a kids menu, so we had lunch in the hotel all three evenings.Any bad things ?Water bottle distributor was broken.	
May 3 2008 	Premier Inn - clean comfortable inexpensive but lacks charm	Most previous reviews have got it right about this hotel. I searched a lot for an inexpensive hotel in London (inexpensive? All things are relative!) and found this one from the glowing reviews. This hotel is large and modern. Everything looked new and clean, though cheap in construction and distinctly charmless. The beds were comfortable and the room was quiet, but there were few amenities such as are usually found. I saw shower gel/shampoo and a hairdryer but no bars of soap, lotion, shower caps or other usual toiletries although there was a hot water pot and tea. Few channels were available on the TV. Internet was available on WiFi, though it was fairly costly. My husband, being a native Londoner, was in hog heaven at breakfast. The full breakfast was reasonably priced (£7.50) though they didn't tell us when we checked in and paid for breakfast in advance that there were less expensive versions available which I would have preferred. The full breakfast includes eggs, back bacon, broiled tomatoes, baked beans, toast, juice, very bad coffee, assorted cereals, some sliced fruit, yogurt, croissants... There is a cheaper continental version available that includes everything except the hot dishes. Altogether, though there were some things I didn't like (coffee in particular), I thought that on the whole it was acceptable. My husband was absolutely delighted!On our first night we were late and tired so we ate dinner in the hotel. Bad mistake! Avoid that. There are several good looking ethnic restaurants around the corner in Hogarth Road. We ate in a good Indian restaurant there and we also spotted Thai and (I think) Chinese. There are also a couple of English pubs on Earl's Court Road near the underground station. Try one of those instead.One point to beware of is that this hotel comes in two large sections. Contrary to common sense, the quiet rooms are the rooms facing the street. If you use a mapping program with satellite pictures (Google for example) and look at 11 Knaresborough Ct, London, you will see that the District Line underground tracks go right under both buildings. It appears that on the north-eastern of the two buildings there is shielding over the tracks so the rooms overlooking them might not be very noisy. However, the south-western building (the main one where the reception and dining room are) directly overlooks the tracks on its back side. Do not accept a room on that side. I bet it's really noisy. We had a room on the 4th floor overlooking the street and it was very quiet even though, on our last night, I had the window open.Some people grumble about having to cross the street from the main building to get to the north-eastern one. I did not find it particularly onerous, though it was odd.I would definitely stay in this hotel again, though I would prefer one with more charm. However, for charm you either pay more money or you pay with lack of elevators. For people with limited mobility (as my husband is), this was the better choice. It not only had elevators, it also had handicapped ramps so that it was wheel-chair accessible.	
Apr 22 2008 	Great Location Friendly Staff Large Clean Quiet Rooms	I have the opportunity to travel to London a few times a year with my wife, and actually prefer Earls Court and Kensington, as the neighborhoods have great transportation options, and are full of the type of resturants where non-expense account types of folks enjoy eating out at various resturants (yes we have our favorites)I generally book via Hotwire or Priceline but this time got a deal through BA (British Air) Although this is a budget oriented place, the rooms are large and very well taken care of. The only drawback or downside is that they have liquid pump bottles in the bath for shampoo and hand soap. I simply bought a bar of soap at the store and I was fine. The room was so clean and quiet (not always the case in Priceline 4 stars') And I am sold on the location.....you can ride into London on the tube and its less than a 5 minute walk from the Earl's Court Station. Anyone interested in walking tours should look for &quot;London Walks&quot; I found it on my last trip and I cannot wait to go back.This is a far better place to stay than &quot;tour oriented&quot; hotels.Its small and you can almost hear a pin drop, its so quiet.It is a bit plain, but its modern and very clean. On this type of trip I shop by price and location and this was a fantastic find.Without the British Air deal its a bit pricier than I'd like, but I'd still check it out - prior to hitting the purchase button on Hotwier or Priceline.	
Apr 21 2008 	Basic friendly ok location	Stayed at Premier Inn Kensington for one night in April. The hotel is very basic, no frills, but good value for money. Would have expected a fridge and a safe in the room though. Staff was very friendly. Location is ok, depending on your schedule. For the museums (science, natural history, v&amp;a) it's great, only 10 min walk. Knightsbridge and hyde park another 10-15 min. For westminster, tower, british museum etc. it's quite far away.	
Apr 20 2008 	Good location no frills	We stayed here with my three year old son who had a bed in our room, this made the room a little crammed but would have been fine for 2 people. The room itself is adequate but a little tatty, the bathroom was showing its age and liquid soap provided wasn't very nice. The breakfast staff were absolutely wonderful - very obliging and helpful - excellent food! The dinner staff and the food were mediocre to poor. I waited more than 40 minutes for dinner and then the mash potato was cold and lumpy. The restaurants on Earl's Court Road were great - recommend the Gourmet Burger place. Cleaning staff were nice, our son wet the bed one night and we requested fresh bed linen and the bed was all beautifully made up the next day.. Excellent proximity to Earl's Court Tube station making the trip to and from Heathrow easy.	
Apr 20 2008 	Excellent value and location	This hotel is excellent value in an excellent location. I have stayed here twice, once for business and once for pleasure and both stays have been first class.If you are a visitor who wants your hotel stay to be part of your English cultural and architectural experience, this hotel is not for you. There are no high ceilings, fireplaces or chandeliers, room service or doormen. It is a clean functional well located hotel (part of a chain) offering extremely good value in London.The hotel is a two minute walk from Earls Court tube station and really easy to find. Earls Court tube is a ten minute ride to Oxford Circus and the Earls Court area is a pleasant area to stay in. I am really baffled by one reviewer on this site saying she could not find the tube station after asking for directions. The rooms are large, very clean with big clean bathrooms and very comfortable king size beds, triple glazing and blackout curtains for a peaceful night's sleep. The hotel chain even offers a Good Night Guarantee, offering your money back if you don't get a good night's sleep.Breakfast is extra, around £7.95 and you don't have to book, which is great if you are not sure if you want to eat first thing in the morning. You can eat as much as you like for the set price and there are all sorts of deals on kids eating for free.I usually like to treat myself to stays in four star-plus hotels but this hotel really competes with some top places I have stayed in for comfort and service.The key to this hotel is that there are lots of deals for families on rooms, eating and trips out.I only live an hour from London and could jump on a train and come home for comfort, but I will book this hotel again when I fancy staying late in the city and want a guaranteed clean, good value location.	
Apr 9 2008 	Cheap and nasty	A few words of advice: don't stay here.Booked in order to get to an early meeting, reasoning that it had to be better than getting up at 4.30am. Bad call.Asked for a quiet room at the back – was given a noisy one at the front.Puce plastic much in evidence, throw on the bed grubby, bathroom cramped and seedy, bed hard and lumpy.Final straw was asking directions to the tube in the morning and being sent in totally the wrong direction, so I almost missed the meeting and arrived hot and flustered as well as tired and cross.Yes, it's cheap. It's also nasty. I'd rather get up at 4.30am than stay here again.	
Apr 5 2008 	Great value great location!	Like previous reviewers I purchased this hotel through a great deal on the British Airways website and after glowing reviews from this site! The location was excellent, a few minutes walk from Earl's Court Tube and from many great restaurants, cafes and shops, including a supermarket which was open till midnight. Easy to get there and to get around - what more could you ask for!Hotel itself was great, big rooms for the price, lovely bed and tv. View not fantastic, but since I spent little time in the hotel this didn't matter. I was on the first floor at the front and did not get disturbed by any noise, either from fellow guests or traffic. Breakfast wasn't great, but with so many places nearby to choose from this was not a problem.I would certainly stay here again and have no hesitation in recommending it to everyone!	
Apr 1 2008 	Great Deal in a Perfect Location	Just came back from a 3-night stay here. Booked it through British Airways Holidays. It was clean, modern. The room was larger than any I've stayed in before in London. 1 block from the Earl's Court tube station, which very conveniently, is on the Piccadilly line that comes directly from Heathrow. So we were at the hotel about 1 hour after landing at Heathrow. Didn't have to deal with taxi prices or express trains to faraway stations. Heathrow to Earl's Court was exactly 1/2 hour. The District line also stops at Earl's Court, so it was so easy to get anywhere with minimal transferring. The Gloucester station was a little further, but that gives you access to the Circle line. So the hotel was very conveniently located.The staff were very nice. One morning we had no hot water on our side of the hotel, so they quickly came to our room with a key to another room that had working hot water, and we used that shower. They held our luggage for a few hours after we checked out.The shower had tremendous water pressure - a big plus! A hot water pot for tea in the room. Separate reading lights on each side of the bed (Unfortunately too rare in hotels!)A big minus to the hotel is that there is no computer facilities for guests. So it was impossible to print out our boarding pass the night before. However, there are 2 internet cafes just around the corner. But who wants to spend any extra money on that?In all, a wonderful place to be for a few days in London.	
Mar 13 2008 	Great value for London	Booked this hotel after seeing lots of great reviews and wasn't disappointed. While the hotel is not overly flash to look at, it was modern and clean. The staff were very friendly and the location is excellent for easy transport connections.Only downside was the hotel wouldn't store our luggage for four days when we went to Rome citing security issues - can't see what the issues would be. Seeing we were coming back for another six days they could have been more accomodating on this. Overall the hotel was great value for london	
Mar 5 2008	Very comfy bed and good neighbourhood	I chose the PI Kensington based on my positive experience with the PI Kings Cross in the past. My main considerations, then and now, were proximity to a Piccadilly line tube station (as I was coming directly from Heathrow), cleanliness, comfortable bed and reasonable price for all of the above. This hotel is literally around the corner from the Marriott Kensington, where I had also stayed for 3 nights, but moved here for my holiday's remainder due to the much more reasonable price. Having asked for a room on the higher floors (due to previous comments about the lower floors being noisy thanks to the underground running below), the management was able to accommodate me by giving me a room in their building across the street - this hotel is made up of two buildings facing each other and joined by an enclosed bridge. Some might consider it a hassle to have to walk all the way there to one's room and back over the bridge again to the main building (which has the only entrance &amp; exit), but I thought it was a nice walk!Check-in was easy, the room was clean and the bed was nearly as comfortable as being at home. Apparently, the PI chain is known for their great beds, and being the second PI where I've stayed, I find this to be true. Otherwise, there are no real frills - not much space to store and hang clothes, not a lot of TV channel choices and no real amenities (bring your own soap!), but the kettle and supplies each day were much appreciated. This neighbourhood is my favourite to stay in while in London, as it is safe, not pricey and very close to several good grocery stores (including Waitrose and a 24-hour Sainsbury's) and restaurants (Garfunkels was great). Breakfast was OK, but for some reason not as great, quality-wise, as I remember when I stayed at PI Kings Cross in 2006.	
Feb 27 2008 	Good standard value-for-money accommodation	One of the nicer PTI properties - very centrally located close to the Tube station and near the high street. Friendly and helpful staff. Usual buffet breakfast, which is always good and now with &quot;healthy options&quot; too. Reduced rate access to a health club is available to guests. Rooms facing the road can be loud.	
Feb 24 2008 	Great Value and Location	Just got back after staying 4 nights at this hotel. I stayed in a family room with my two sons age 17 and 11. For the price I paid the value can't be beat. The room was very clean, quiet, comfortable and the location at Earl's Court was great with both the Picaddily and District lines giving us easy access all over London. It would have been nice to have a few more channels on the television, but that is being picky. The staff was very helpful and hard working. I thought the restaurant was fine, but understaffed. However, the staff they did have was moving a mile a minute to accomodate everyone. I would certainly stay here again.Note if you come into Earl's Court via the tube, you can't see the Premier Inn when you exit the station. What you do is cross the street, make a slight left as you head to the corner, then turn right and walk to the end of the block (about two minutes), then make a right and you will see it.Note a few tips about wireless internet access. You can access the FON network and get 24 hours for 3 pounds, which is much cheaper than the network the hotel is using. Just &quot;view available wireless networks&quot; and connect to FON. They also give you 15 minutes free to try it out.Also, the bakery across from the Earl's Court station has great food at great prices.	
Feb 19 2008 	Just got back and LOVED it.	This hotel is exactly what everyone said, which is great because i booked it based on the reviews here. Decent clean rooms..not too small. Perfectly close to Earl's Court tube station and great shops and restaurants nearby. the GBK (Gourmet Burger Kitchen) on Earl's Court Road is fantastic. My kids have stayed with me in many types of hotels, including fancy ones, and they loved this one as well. They kept saying &quot;i give this place 5 stars&quot;. it's not luxurious but the value for the money is unbeatable. Full Breakfast buffet is free for under 16s and only 7 1/2 pounds for adults. The staff was very friendly and helpful at all times of the day and night. A PERFECT place for families.	
Feb 18 2008	Second stay and would stay again	Stayed here in mid January for three nights with girlfriend, and this was also my second stay at the hotel. Booked through BA.com holidays at an unbeatable price, and got everything we paid for.Rooms are always clean. Comfy, large beds. Clean bathroom with a tub. We got a room in the 5th floor looking out on the tube-lines, but with no problems at all. You have to be a really light sleeper to wake up from the trains. The hotel has a good restaurant and a bar on the ground floor and the staff is quite helpful. The hotel is just 5 minutes slow walk from the Earl's Court underground station, and the Earl's Court Road with plenty of restaurants, shops, and a few pubs.Would definitely stay again. The only thing that was a set-back was that we were unable to have an early check-in.	
Jan 20 2008 	premium premier inn	Good sized room for London, especially for the money. Super close to Tube, grocers, internet cafe, and more. Plenty of hot water that never runs out!!! If you are there in the winter the room is nice and warm. Not the best view from our room, but who needs that. Everything was neat and clean. Restuarant in the hotel is average. The best nearby restaurant is Its All Greek To Me.	
Jan 5 2008 	Definitely the place to go for!	We decided to try our luck after visiting the hotel website and reading comments on Tripadvisor.com and we weren't deceived!A well-situated hotel in a friendly area full of locals, loads of shops to stop at (Boots, M&amp;S, a chemist, a post-office, good pubs to eat at, Indian and Chines restaurants, laundrettes, banks...) and only a 3-minute walk from the tube station. The hotel was nice and our room for three was spacious, the beds were very comfortable and the rooms well-isolated (we never heard anything coming from the next-door rooms nor from the street)! The waiters were exceedingly nice and very helpful. We felt just at home! The breakfast was just perfect and we never lacked of anything. We never had to wait either to be seated. We tried the restaurant too and the service was good, so was the food.The cleaning ladies were discreet and very efficient. We could even leave our lugage in a luggage room on our final day and our luggage was carefully labelled by the staff and placed in a secured room so we never feared for them to disappear or be damaged. When we took our luggage back, a member of staff personally get it for us checking the labels twice to make sure there was no mistake.Premier Inn Kensington Hotel is definitely a place to go for for those who want to stay at a clean and comfortable place in a well-situated part of London within easy access to the London Top Ten places to see! We're used to spend some time in Paris and the quality of the French hotels there based on a the same budget is extremely poor compared to Premier Inn ... not even mentionning the cold welcome you get there! And I won't mention hygiene in Paris either!Mrs Souesme, France.	
Dec 24 2007 	Great Hotel	Following various stays at other hotels in London, the Premier Travel Inn Kensington was a breath of fresh air. Great staff, large rooms and a decent bathroom. Extremely clean hotel with a great location.I will definitely not look for another hotel when visiting London.	
Dec 19 2007 	Best bang for my buck in London!	My wife and I stayed at the Premier Kensington while visiting London at the end of October. Compared to most London hotels in this price range, this place is a real gem. Very clean and well maintained. Spacious and clean room with nice furniture by London standards. Attentive and very helpful staff/front desk. All our requests were promptly and cheerfully handled. The location could not be better. Nice quiet neighborhood and very close to the tube. Plenty of shopping, dining, pubs, grocery stores, pharmacies nearby for anything you may need. Made us feel right at home around the neighborhood. The hotel is by no means luxurious. For the price we paid, we couldn't have asked for more. We definitely would stay there again and recommend it to anyone who is looking for a great budget hotel in London.	
Nov 30 2007 	A little disappointed	I am a regular customer of Premier Inn; although clearly a budget chain, the quality and standards are usually dependable i.e. you know what to expect. However, I think their Kensington hotel lets them down.In their defence, the hotel is currently being refurbished so it is possible that in a few months time, improvements will be seen. When I stayed last week though I was not impressed by the standard of the room. It was minimalist - as is typical at Premier Inn - but there wasn't even any shelf space to place clothes and other belongings.... only a hanging rail with six hangers. You usually get a floor to ceiling storage unit with 3 to 4 shelves but not here. The ceiling tiles were very old-fashioned and discoloured, much in need of replacement. Similarly, the bathroom fittings appeared tired and ready to be ripped out.The room was very clean and everything was in working order. The shower was extremely powerful and very hot.... makes a change sometimes!Also, the sealing on the double-glazed window was worn so that there was a very slight gap when the window was closed. Just enough to let in the London traffic noise! By jamming a toilet roll between the window catch and the window, I got a very peaceful night's sleep.Finally, I always check the exact location of any hotel that I book. For those not familiar with London, please note that the &quot;Kensington Premier Inn&quot; is not actually in Kensington but in Earls Court! Not a problem for me but if you wanted to be right in Kensington you've an extra 10 minutes walk.	
Nov 23 2007 	A safe option	Positives:1. Great location2. Close to Subway stop3. CLEAN!4. Offers a free stay to children (and a free pullout sofa bed)The only negative I can think of is that it is a chain hotel, so if you're looking for the ambiance of an English B and B, you won't find that here. However, the hotel offers a safe, clean, and comfortable stay and you don't risk ruining your vacation by staying in a dodgy hotel. Would definitely stay here again!	
Nov 23 2007 	Great alternative to using Heathrow Airport hotels!	Just to add to other reviewers comments.. if you want a hassle-free and reasonable-cost night in London this is a great hotel. I used it en-route to Heathrow, as it is less than 5 minutes form the Earls Court tube station on the Picadilly line. The tube is easy, 40 minutes to heathrow, and better than airport hotels with all their hassle of airport hoppa buses etc.The room was spotless, very quiet - not always the case in london - and the restaurant was excellent. Friendly staff, and of course their 'full satisaction guarantee'.A very good hotel.	
Nov 22 2007	Northerner in London	Stayed at this hotel for one night, very good location, only 5 mins walk from tube station. Clean and comfy room, staff very helpful and friendly. Exactly what you'd expect from a travel inn. Breakfast was very nice too, no complaints at all.	
Nov 18 2007 	No drawers!	Why oh why do they not provide drawer space?I know I can pile my socks etc on the open plan wardrobe shelf, but it's hardly an alternative.Room OK, bathroom adequate, breakfast barely adequate...Never again.	
Nov 7 2007 	Superb!	This hotel is great. Simply....lovely, recently refurbished, modern and clean..all the things I look for when staying at a hotel!...and I'm fussy! I will definately stay here again! Location is good, literally 2 mins from Earls Court tube station and Earls Court, about 20 mins tube ride from the hotel to Leicester Square/Oxford Street, you don't even notice the journey. The beds are so comfy, and I felt really relaxed in the room...some rooms feel like a hotel room..this kind of felt like home a little bit. It was clean and modern which was a bonus. I didn't have breakfast but for only 7.50 you could eat as much as you like. Some hotels in London got dodgy reviews, but trust me this one is great. Front reception were friendly and helpful.	
Nov 7 2007 	Perfect!	Stayed here for 3 nights during Halloween break and have only good things to say about the place. The staff was exceptionally friendly, even the housekeeping ladies would pop their heads out of the rooms to say hello when we would pass through the halls (which I can't say I have ever seen before).The room was a little small but fit us fine and was clean. The BBCBeebies channel was a perfect end to every day for the kids to unwind before bed. The only complaint I have is that we had to take an elevator up to the next level then walk down the cold hall (above street) to the next elevator and up to the next floor to our room. A bit of a maze really that was a bit annoying. They really need to put an entrance on the other side of the street to save people the hassle.	
Nov 5 2007 	good location	Rooms were very clean , although slightly small, as stayed in a family room (2 adults 2 children). .Location very good only a 2 minute walk from Earls Court Tube. Very nice breakfast the next morning, staff were very helpful and polite, the young Eastern European gentleman who showed us to our table was fab.I think his name was Aisia. All in all value for money.	
Nov 2 2007 	Reasonably priced hotel in a great location	Stayed here with 2 clients a few weekends ago. Location is great: handy for Earls Court tube and with loads of shops and pubs / restaurants nearby. Rooms are standard Pti fayre but pretty good. My clients complained of a lack of (shower, not bath) water pressure but mine (in a room in the annexe over a freezing cold bridge) was fine.Pti will store lugagge before and after checkin / out for free, which is a bonus but this is dependent on space I imagine. Make sure you keep your luggage tags though. Only niggle was that the breakfast area got VERY full at peak times and you ended up having to wait quite a long time before being seated.	
Oct 31 2007 	Great location and value	We had two free nights in London as part of a British Airways promotion and chose this hotel based on TripAdvisor reviews. We were very happy the room and location and felt we chose well. The hotel is within easy walking distance of the Earls Court Tube, which is conveniently on the Piccadilly Line from Heathrow. Earls Court Road is busy and loud but naresborough Place is not so bad and traffic drops off after 11 PM or so. The room was clean and fairly large. And quiet. We were at the end of a hallway and heard almost no noise from other guests, which is always surprising in a big city. Our only complaint is that there was no dresser or something similar so we had to keep our suitcases handy.The breakfast buffet seemed okay but we didn't buy it, opting instead for cafes in the area. We especially recommend Mor-ish Cafe on Earls Court Road, which had outstanding coffee, pastries and English fry-ups. The King's Head pub on Hogarth Place is also worth a visit.You'll be hard pressed to find this combination of value and location elsewhere in London. Highly recommended.	
Oct 15 2007 	GREAT location!	This hotel is in a fantastic location! Literally a 2 minute walk from the Earl's Court tube station with places to eat all within walking distance. The room we had is large by UK standards and very comfortable. The only thing is that we were on the third floor facing the train lines so we could hear the trains all the time but even despite that, we really enjoyed our stay there and will be going back again in a few days. Oh another thing, this hotel is GREAT value for your money in London!!! The breakfast is not that great but we ate there one day because it was convenient. Can't wait to go back.	
Sep 19 2007 	Pretty good deal for expensive London	We had stayed at the Premier Travel Inn two years ago and came back for a week earlier this month. It's clean, more than convenient to the Earl's Court Underground station, and kind of American-styled. The only down sides (and we noticed this the first time, too) is that (1) there are no drawers in the rooms and (2) the TV reception is fuzzy, as though they're sharing their cable with too many other places. There's a closet with plenty of hangers for shirts, pants and dresses, but no drawers anywhere. You either keep all your underwear and socks in your luggage or you put them on a table. I asked why, and was told it was a matter of &quot;policy.&quot; Weird, but it's a clean, quiet place with good service. The U.S. dollar is pretty much in the tank right now, but, including tax, we paid about $180 per night. That's not cheap, but in London, it's not bad at all.	
Sep 1 2007 	Great For Family excellent location	Thanks to all the reviews on tripadvisor, we had a fantastic 5 nights at this hotel. I managed to book the room for £70 a night which was a bargin for the 3 of us.Firstly location - 2 minute walk from tube station, lovely selection of local shops in the immediate area. I was concerned about evening meals as my husband and daughter can be fussy but when I saw a Subway, KFC, Burgerking, bakery, Sommerfield supermarket and a Marks and Spencer foodstore so close to the hotel I new they would be happy.Hotel - loved the breakfasts especially as up to 2 children can eat free with 1 paying adult. I am not a breakfast person but when I saw the selection of food on offer it made sense to eat well and it kept me going until dinner. The room was very comfortable and the sofa bed was large enough that my husband at 6'2 had a good nights sleep. The beds and pillows were comfortable and we never heard any noises from the other rooms next to us which was great for me as I am a light sleeper.We will definitly come back to this hotel again.Tip - take a double plug socket if you need more as only two single sockets in room, I always pack one as by the time you charge camera, mobiles, hairstraighteners etc there is never enough.	
Aug 21 2007	clean room 	Great location for Earls Court tube at end of Zone 1. Our family room was clean &amp; comfortable but a little cramped with 2 teenage children. We stayed in room 304 at Hotel front which seemed to be the quiet side as underground line to rear of Hotel. Staff friendly and helpful. Would stay there again.	
Aug 19 2007 	Great location lovely hotel	Me and my fiance stayed at this hotel, and had one of the best nights sleep we have had!!The rooms are nice and large, with a comfy bed. They are very clean.We didnt notice any noise from the traffic outside, and found the hotel easy to find once we had got off the tube.We didnt eat in the restaurant and missed breakfast.	
Aug 11 2007 	loved breakfast	Very pleased with everything about this hotel.The location was good near to the underground.The room we had a triple was very nice and clean.The special deal for breakfast was very good as my travelling party was myself, my granddaughter and her friend and their breakfasts were free as children.No complaints at all would definitely book this chain or same hotel again	
Aug 8 2007 	comfortable AND economical	We booked a three day trip to London and with lodging thru British Air and upgraded the hotel to Premier Travel Inn, Kensington based on the reviews here in Trip Advisor. We spent three nights before traveling to visit our son at Mildenhall RAF for several days before returning home. The rooms were very clean, some wear but that's expected. The location was superb. The food at the restaurant was average. The staff was very helpful although they never delivered the newspaper they offered me. We would stay here again.	
Aug 6 2007 	Terrific Place	Let's get the bad out of the way. The rooms are not immaculate - there's some wear and tear in the bathroom, such as chipped paint and worn wood paneling. You needed to &quot;jiggle&quot; the toilet before it would flush (I figured it out just in time. Would've been really embarrassing to go down to the front desk and ask, &quot;Hi! I'm a yokel from America and I can't seem to figure out how to flush the toilets in your fine country here.&quot;). And the internet is expensive. Wireless internet access is in-room through Swisscom - the lowest cost is 3 pounds for 30 minutes, but the better deal is 5 pounds for 120 minutes. Now let's deal with the good, which is everything else. FAMILY ROOMOne of the few places that I could find that had full family rooms - one double-sized bed for the parents and two twin beds for the kids. The room was clearly a triple with a twin bed on the floor, but it didn't matter - it was perfect for our needs. Our room had a full bathtub/shower. If you plan on watching television, they have about a dozen channels - BBC1, BBC2, Channel 4, ITV, BBC News, CBBC (for kids), Men &amp; Motors. STAFFVery young, very friendly go-getters. From the front desk to the restaurant, everybody was upbeat and smiling. LOCATIONEarls Court is a fantastic location. The hotel is one block away from the Earl's Court Tube stop - which has connections to the Circle line, District Line, and Piccadilly Lines. Those three lines can get you almost anywhere. The neighborhood feels very safe - it's a good mix of very nice flats and hotels. Finding it was very easy - just exit the tube station, cross the street, and then walk one block until you see the purple Premier Travel Inn sign. There are a lot of great eateries within two blocks of the hotel. From nicer places like Wagamama, Masala Zone, and Gourmet Burger Kitchen, to fast food like McDonald's, KFC, Burger King, and Subway. Plus there're several Chinese restaurants, Indian, Korean, and more. To save money, you can shop at the markets - there are two right there, where you can grab pre-packaged sandwiches (TIP - skip the sandwiches, go for the fresh bread and pastries in the back. If you need more protein, grab a pack of luncheon meat and eat it with your fresh bread). Or if you get tired of the markets, you can try the Filipino market or the Russian market. There's a post office across the street from the Tube station, at least two Internet Cafes, a Barclay's bank (TIP - if you use Bank of America, you can use Barclay's ATMs without extra fees), newsstands, and a couple laundromats (TIP - if you use the laundromat on Hogarth's, they don't have a change machine. During the day, you can get change next door from the tailor - but at night, you MUST have exact change). OTHER STUFF ABOUT THE HOTELRestaurant served a good breakfast. Excellent security, since you need a room key to operate the elevator. Our room faced the street and we didn't have any issues with street noise. SUMMARYGreat great experience. Will definitely stay there again.	
Aug 2 2007 	Great place	We are a family of 4 (2 girls aged 7&amp;4) and have just spent 7 nights at this hotel. First thing is the location: it's just 2-3 minutes from Earls Court tube station; when you exit the sation take the road in front of you (Earls Court Gardens-there's a pub called Courtfiled in the corner) and the hotel is at the end of this street to your left.We travelled with friends and had asked to have rooms together, which they did since they had our request on the computer.The room was ok for 4 people, with comfy beds and extra pillows. Our daugthers had a sofa-bed and a pull-out bed, both very comfy as well. The toilet was quite big and with plenty of hot water for all of us and good pressure; towels changed every day with extra ones in the wardrobe, and it was a proper wardrobe and not just shelves.They supplied every day with tea, coffee, milk and sugar and snack biscuits. Room done every day.We had a room on the other building, which may seem a maze to get to (have to change lifts) but we were not facing the trains and being on the fourth floor gave us great night sleep.	
Jul 29 2007 	Wonderful Stay!!!	My granddaughter and I visited London for her 11th birthday. We chose the Premier Travel Inn Kensington over the internet and were thrilled to find such a wonderful place to stay! The rooms were large, air conditioned, and clean with beds that were very comfortable. Also, the hotel is near the Earl's Court tube station, but still quiet I have visited London several times prior to this and never stayed in a hotel as roomy as this. The staff was very kind and caring to both myself and my granddaughter. I would encourage anyone to stay in this hotel.	
Jul 12 2007 	Very comfortable	Stayed at Kenso Premier Travel Inn for 5 nights in July 07. Family of 4 (kids 9 and 11) squeezed into a standard room, but it was still spacious enough to move around the kids beds (one was a trundle bed normally kept under the double bed, the other was the sofa) and our 3 large luggage bags. Plus 4 or 5 small bags.After reading reviews on other London hotels it seemed we would be completely squashed in, but not here, so although not huge, us 4 were reasonably comfortable.Bathroom whilst really clean was a bit tired looking &amp; could've had a small renovation done, but overall pretty good and also big enough to move about in.The restaurant downstairs was excellent. Not great choice of meals, but sufficient for most palates &amp; the buffet breakfast was superb. The wait-staff lacked a bit of English so we had some fun with our Aussie lingo.Really easy to find - a short 2 or 3 minute walk up from Earls Court underground station. And an easy 30 min walk to Kensington Palace.Overall - fantastic.	
Jul 10 2007 	Very nice!	My family (two adults &amp; two kids 12 &amp;13) stayed at the Premier Travel Inn Kensington July 4-7, 2007. I selected this hotel based on comments I read here on Trip Advisor and comparing to other places to stay while in London. We paid 290 GBP for three nights - 96.67 GBP/night or $580 for three nights or $193.33/night. This does seem expensive considering the type of accomodation and location outside central London, but that's what it is. As you get closer to central London, the prices will just keeping going up. The accomodations were as expected, clean room with a modern appearance. The staff were very friendly and the daily maid service was fine.We ate breakfast at the hotel cafe for 15 GBP for the family - kids under 16 eat for free.The hotel is located about 5 minutes walk from Earls Court underground station - where you can get to anyplace in London. You can also catch the Picadilly line direct to/from Heathrow airport at this station.There are many stores and places to eat around the tube station, although the demographics of the population here may cause some to think twice about walking around late at night.Overall, I'd stay here again when vsisting London.	
Jun 24 2007	Fantastic hotel	I booked this hotel for a weekend break in London. You just need two nights to really experience all you can of the vibrant city.The hotel was very clean and the specifications where of a really high standard. The beds were very comfortable and there was a lot of space. The hotel is located on Knaresborough place and is 2minutes walk from the Gloucester road tube station.I found this hotel to be such a comfortable stay that i have booked rooms in it again this year when family visits for Christmas	
Jun 9 2007 	Good Value	We stayed at the Premier Travel Inn Kensington during the early part of May 2007 based, in part, on other Trip Advisor reviews. We were completely satisfied and would definitely return.This location is in a quiet residential neighborhood about a five minute walk to the Earl's Court tube stop. This location was extremely convenient for our return journey to Heathrow Airport.The room was very clean and sufficiently large (by London standards). We booked this room through British Airways Holidays. The price we paid was very reasonable for central London. The staff was friendly.On our trip, we started and ended in London. At the beginning of our trip, we stayed at another Premier Travel Inn location. Our experience was the same as this one. Based on our two stays, I would stay at any location of the Premier Travel Inn chain of hotels without hesitation.	
Jun 3 2007 	nice hotel	We stayed at the Kensington Travel Inn for 1 night on a trip to london to see a show at RAH. Hotel very convenient for underground station, the staff were very good, rooms basic but clean. Due to very bad weather, we decided to eat in the hotel for dinner rather than walk about in the rain looking for a restaurant. We were very impressed by the standard of the meal and the waiters couldn't have been more attentive. We also had breakfast the next morning and again this was better than we have had at other travel inns. Would definitely use this Travel Inn again.	
May 31 2007 	Best Kept Secret Hotel in London!	Booked via the hotel's website after a long research for our first London trip. Readinfg trip advisor's reviews was really helpful. Stayed for 7 days between May 22-29 as a family of two adults and our 15 year old son. Staff was very friendly. Reasonably priced, room was bigger than we thought it would be. Nice bath room and high pressured shower was great. we were in fourth floor so noise from the nearby subway trains was undetected. Even it was a smoking room (non-smoking rooms were unavailable at the time) it was very clean and did not smell any smoke. Only 3 minutes to the nearby tube Earls Court station, was a great asset. My advise is to bring or buy bar soap. Hotel does notprovide that. There is a shompoo dispenser and a foam soap dispenser.Also there are great grocery stores (specially Marks &amp; Spencers Simply food) and drug stores (Boots)near the tube. Did not have breakfast in the hotel, even age 15 and down eats free, it was still a stiff 7.50 per person. Instead had breakfast at the bakery across from the tube station. For 3 people cost less than 7 pounds. Nice reastaurants in the area. We specially liked the &quot;NANDOs&quot;, spanish-portugese restaurant on the Earl's Court street, and Chinese restaurant Dragon King was very nice too. The area is very safe and quiet. We strongly recommend this hotel and would definitely go back and stay there any chance we are back in London.	
Apr 18 2007 	Great value Great Location	Firstly - the location combined with the price makes this one of the best value london hotels i have stayed in. As previosuly mentioned - the bustling centre of earls court (including tube station) is just a couple of minutes away along a safe residential street.Check in was very efficiently handled. I got a room overlooking the tube lines but the triple glazing meant that it wasn't a problem - the air conditioning worked fine. If you're the type that doesn't like a stuffy room and needs the window open make sure you ask for one of the rooms over the road.Room was spacious by London standards, perfectly clean and had all the equipment you'd expect in a budget hotel.Bar and restaurant were both very nice, and the service was exceptional.Breakfast is excellent value - great service, excellent food, wide selection including a cooked to order hot option and good quality.I'll stay here again!	
Apr 16 2007 	Clean Accessible and Good Value	Excellent Clean Hotel with friendly service 24 hours a day especially from Pash at reception. Rooms clean and comfortable albeit small (this IS London - so I expected small rooms and besides you don't spend a whole lot of time in there either - too much to see and do). We loved how close it is to Earls Court Station and yummy Baker's Oven cuppa. Reception also provided friendly advice and information on London transport services and other local information.On the downside: didn't like the noise of the trains on our first nite there. We asked to be moved to the quieter side of the hotel and were moved the very next day. The beds in every room have very weak spongy mattresses/foam so if you have a bad back, beware.Overall pleasant stay and good service.Will definitely return for a second stay.	
Apr 2 2007 	down and out in kensington	About as bare-boned a hotel as one can imagine - unless you count the foam soap dispensed in the bathroom as an amenity. I think this was the first time that I stayed in a hotel with a bathroom that was not tiled - it had some kind pf pressboard floor. It is in a pretty good location though. We stayed for free on a British Airways deal which - from start to finish - proved the adage &quot;you get what you pay for.&quot; Happily, after our two free nights we moved on to better things!	
Apr 2 2007 	Highly recommended	Stayed in this hotel for one night on a theatre trip. Very convenient for the museums (10 minute walk).Hotel superbly clean, rooms big enough if you just need somewhere to put your head down for the night.Only gripe is the bathrooms are not very well lit.Breakfast is an &quot;eat as much as you can&quot; buffet. If its not included in the price of your room it is £7.50 pp. Not bad value especially if you are a big eater in the mornings.	
Mar 30 2007 	Good location	Close to Earls Court tube with pubs and restaurants nearby, so ideal location. same as any other hotel in this group once inside, but a decent price for London. Front desk staff were apologetic for putting us in a room directly over the tube line but we didn't notice the noise at all and the kids just loved watching the trains go in and out of the station!	
Mar 12 2007 	very convenient and nice	I was there with my husband and my two little children. London is very expensive place, but this hotel had affordable price, so I was a bit afraid it might turn out to be a shabby one. However, to my surprise, its location was excellent, only three minute walk from Earl's court subway station, but surprisingly quiet neighborhood. The front dest staff were not very friendly, but the room and its bathroom were clean and well-air conditioned. One setback was that there was no fridge in the room. I recommend this hotel to people who look for a clean hotel in a great location for sightseeing in London.	
Jan 13 2007 	I want to go to london again!	Stay here early January while visiting my gf in england. We visited london twice during the trip and stayed in diff hotels and i must say this hotel is so much better compared to the other that i stayed at and it only costs abt 10 pounds more. The location is excellent - Earl's Court is one of the most centralised tube stations around and u can travel to any attarctions wthin a hort time and without changing tube lines. You can also travel to Earl's court from heathrow airport directly by piccadilly line and takes only abt 40 mins. Check in was fast and staff are nice and courteous. you can also deposit your lugguage at the hotel b4 check in or after check out.The hotel room we got was very spacious. It was clean and well equipped with desk, chair, TV and a nice and huge double bed. Didnt try the breakfast though as there were lots of nice resturants around. Try the chinese resturant opp the tube station of you like &quot;tim sum&quot;. The only issue we had was there wasnt an extra linen below the blanket/comforter - there is no way to know if the blanket are ebing washed regularly so we had to request for an extra linen at tthe reception to put beneath it when we sleep.Overall we enjoyed our stay there and this hotel will be 1st choice when visit london again.	
Jan 8 2007 	Great Value Hotel. Lovely breakfast	This is a great hotel for a one night stay, or longer if you are on your own or travelling as a couple. We were a family of four, with two young boys.We ordered a family room but ended up with a double room and a couple of extra beds. This made it extremely squeezy both in the room and in the bathroom. Not to complain though - were weren't charged any extra - which is a bonus in this town.We were travelling with husband's mother who was on her own. She was given a room on the same floor as us, which evidently is a departure from policy. We were given rooms at the back of the hotel (a bit of a hike actually, over an enclosed road overpass) but at least that meant we had relative peace and quiet.Breakfast is seven and a half quid - a bit steep until you see what you get. Unlimited amounts of good quality food and something for everybody. Children 10 and under eat free, so it ended up being extremely affordable for us to have breakfast there. They even serve Costa coffee!We were very early checking in but the receptionist couldn't have been more pleasant and helpful. We only had to wait an hour or so before they found us the best available rooms. They very kindly allowed us to take advantage of the breakfast even though technically we weren't hotel guests at that stage. There is also a luggage room if the wait is going to be longer and you want to wander about a bit.The hotel is not far from Earl's Court tube and lots of internet cafes and cheap (for London) restaurants. It's not in too bad a position at all really.Overall, this is a reasonable hotel, especially considering the price for London. I'd definitely stay there again if I were on a bit of a tight budget but still wanted a big breakfast to get me through the day.	
Jan 3 2007 	what a great value and location	We booked this as a package thru British airways. I was expecting a room and bath with nothing else with the potential for noise. We got a hotel that was enough for three people (two adults and one child) one block away from EArls court (go out of hotel and make a right and it is at the end of the street) the staff was extremely helpful and as we took the red eye we stored our luggage and walked over to kensington palace to start our day. the breakfast is Ok, my daughter had a hard time with the food in england as a whole so I don't think this hotel's was any worse than anything else. However, for $15 american I would walk down to the bakery, subway, or Mcdonalds if you have children. (they are near to the tube) there are alot of places to eat by the hotel if the food there doesn't suit you. There is also a small bar and when we returned from teh new years eye celebration they were serving and were pleasant. Walk around the neighborhoods around the hotel in all directions because there are charming homes, sites, and great places to eat. I would stay here again. It was also convenient to take the picadilly line from Earls court to heathrow and much cheaper than the express if you have a few in your parties. Overall this hotel was worth it and very convenient. Staff were knowledgeable and willing to find out if they didn't know something.	
Jan 2 2007 	Medium size travel inn	Stayed there for 3 night after X'mas. It is a medium size travel inn located at the corner one street (Earls Court Garden) down from Earl's Court Underground. Reception staff are friendly but seems overloaded. Room is ok except toilet is a bit run down. There are supermarkets, restaurants and cafes in main street. Everthing is okay except the dimmed street lights along Earls Court Garden.	
Dec 10 2006 	Good Price Great Location.	Was in London from November 29- December 6, 2006 and stayed at the PTI Kensington. Check-in was a breeze and the front desk clerk was very helpful in spite of the fact that they were pretty busy due to the George Michael concert. The hotel was booked solid, but we still managed to get a room on the quiet side of the building. We did not ask to be on the quiet side; it was offered to us by the front desk clerk since we were staying for a week. The room itself was okay - pretty much what you'd expect from a PTI. It was relatively spacious (London standards), it was clean, the bed was comfy, and the shower pressure was good. Had a hairdryer, TV, a desk, and a couch. Best thing about this PTI is its location - very close to Earl's court tube so it was easy to get around; within walking distance to close to High street kensington for shopping; very close to Sainsbury's for groceries; and very close to Earl's court road for takeaway.Having said all this, don't expect anything else. It is a budget hotel, so there are no ice machines, no cable channels, no toiletries, no business centre, etc which you would normally find in other North American chains. Also, there were no drawers in the room, just a small closet to hang your clothes (which only had 6 hangers), so we pretty much lived out of our suitcase (which was not a big deal to us).I used the wifi connection, which was pretty expensive, but I had no choice as I had to send a document by email. I tried to get a pre-paid card from front desk but they had run out of the cheapest one they had. I must commend the front desk clerk's initiative, however, since he had offered to send the email on my behalf using PTI's server so that I would not have to pay the GBP3.00/30 minutes swisscom was charging.All in all, I would stay at this hotel again. I've been to other PTIs all over the UK, and I have never been disappointed. Even though PTIs are pretty much a no-frills hotel chain, their customer service never fails to disappoint, and in my books, that counts for a lot.	
Nov 21 2006 	Pretty good little hotel!!!	So we stayed here for 2 nights, the first night when we got to london and the last night before leaving.Our first night, the room was rather small, but very clean and the bathroom was spotless. There were just 2 of us so it wasn't a problem. The bed was comfy and I don't know if if is a british thing but we noticed they don't really use a sheet? we were so tired we didn't bother to ask-but we noticed when we stayed with friends they don't really use sheets except to cover the mattress so this might be normal?The location is fantastic, a 5 minute walk at most from the Earl's court tube station which is pretty close to everything and there are all kinds of restaurants, supermarkets, grocery etc in the area. The area felt very safe as well. The staff were very helpful and the great part is that they have a special luggage room that is locked, so we left our stuff at 10:30am and didn't get it until 6pm (at no charge) as we toured london because we were getting on a train later that night.Bathoom shower pressure was fantastic! and the room area very quiet.On the second night (after being out of london for a week) we were on a different floor and we did notice the room was a little bigger but very clean as well.We never ate at the hotel as we found the prcies expensive.Overall, I would stay at this location again and recommend this location to anyone.	
Nov 7 2006 	A Great Price For London	What a great price for London. Our expectations were quite low expecting a very small room, not necessarily clean and far from transport and were quietly surprised to discover our room was quite large (room enough for the king bed and a couch and a travel cot) as well as a decent sized bathroom. Though it doesn't have a fridge it does have a kettle with tea and coffee. The restaurant, located on site, has great food and the service was brilliant. What made this stay even more enjoyable was the fact that Earls Court Station is literally 5 minutes at the end of the street and the supermarket is a 5 minute walk the other way. It is conveniently located to everything. Our only warning is to plan ahead as it does appear to be extremely popular, and even with all the people we didn't much noise from the other guests. Would highly recommend it for the price you pay.	
Nov 4 2006	well recommended	Just had a 2 night stay here and found it really comfortable, clean and spacious. It is one of the basic hotels as in there are no drawers to keep your clothes but there is a wardrobe and the bathroom was spotless. (incidentally one review commented that the shower was just a hose, no spray, well so was ours, but you have to twist the shower head, it is one of those heads that give several different sprays) The staff were friendly and helpful and the resturant was bright and clean. The only gripe I had was that the web site for Premier inns states that a continental breakfast is available for £5.50, but this hotel doesn't do continental, only full English. My daughter only eats toast &amp; juice so we were a bit dissapointed, until the resturant manager agreed to let us have continental , but we did feel a bit annoyed. Great location, tube very handy. Well recommended.	
Oct 27 2006	Excellent value	Just completed a five day stay. Great location, fine value. But do something about the shower. It is simply a hose no spray. We will definitely stay on our next trip to London.	
Oct 25 2006 	Free and fabulous	I selected this hotel as part of a special BA promotional offer. Having stayed at other hotels in the area (booked through Virgin) I expected shabby basic no frills Earls Court accomodation.What I got however was a clean spacious comfortable room with comfy bed, fluffy towels, a lovely hot shower, and a clean tea kettle , fresh milk and a packet of crisp delicious biscuits.And the cost of the room was zero!One simply cannot do better than this. Keep your eye out for any future BA offers and do not hestitate to select this Premier Travel Inn.	
Oct 22 2006 	Great value for money	After a fair bit of online research, I booked and stayed at the Premier Travel Inn Kensington for six nights on my recent trip to London (holiday). The hotel is very conveniently located in the Earls Court area, it is a five minutes walk to the Tube station. The Tube is the most convenient way around town and once you figure out the various lines it is quite easy to get to places. The room was spacious and there were nothing to complain about. The bathroom was clean and spacious, the bed was made up everyday and all necessary amenities were provided. If you are a sports freak, you'll have to be at the bar (downstairs) to catch up on the cable channels as the rooms have only the BBC and a few other free-to-air channels. On the whole, I was quite impressed with the hotel on what was a memorable time in London.	
Oct 17 2006 	Great Location	hotel is in a great location mins from earls court tube station which runs the picadilly line into all main areas. Clean room, good breakfast. if i was going back to london i would def stay hear again. good value for money	
Oct 3 2006 	A gem!	We booked a family room for a few nights for the bargain rate of £75 a night. The room was small but had enough room for a double bed, single bed, cot and for us to live out of our suitcase and keep the buggy up the whole stay. The room was clean and the bed made and supplies replenished daily. All staff were friendly and very helpful.It was nice to have a bar &amp; restaurant there incase you didn't want to venture too far. We had the breakfast one morning which was very good value for £7.50. Its a buffet and you can choose from fruit, cereal, yoghurt, toast, juices, croissants, bacon, fried egg, scrambled egg, sausages, beans, mushrooms, tomato and coffee. Kids eat free too so it worked out cheaper than another smaller breakfast we'd had nearby.Its in a brilliant location, right round the corner from Earls Court Station but if you walk a bit further you can use Gloucester Road too where there are lots more nice restaurants to choose from. Overall we had a great time there and will definitely return to this hotel!	
Oct 1 2006	A nice find in Earl's Court	Had a great stay at the Premier TI Kensington in late June. The hotel is very close to Earl's Court tube station, no more than a two minute walk along Earl's Court Gardens. The rooms are lovely and big, with a desk, seating area and a reading lamp, in case guests want to have company visit or just sit and read.The bed was comfortable, and I very much liked having extra pillows available (in the cupboard), rather than having to ask at Reception. The shower was powerful, and a very pleasant extra was a nice big bath tub as well - a real treat. Breakfast is optional, but there are a number of places to eat within a ten minute walk of the hotel, so that's not really a minus. The windows open, plus there's air conditioning, for those who find it a must-have. One thing some guests might not care for is that rooms at the rear of the hotel face the District and Circle lines, and the tube train noise may be undesirable for some. Overall, a fine stay at a reasonable price for central London.	
Oct 1 2006	Air Conditioned Clean and Quiet	We got our room with a flight + hotel deal thru British Airways. We were pleased to find our room spotless and well air-conditioned. It was cleaned daily and the bed made all three days that we were there. We did request a top sheet after the heavy cover was too much for my husband.  The window panes were double paned and we never heard the train that ran behind the building, or anything else.  There was an excellent &quot;lift&quot; (elevator), in house cash bar, and breakfast served in the dining area, though we were too pressed for time to sit down for breakfast ourselves. A block or two away were a variety of eating establishments. If you need extra toiletries or over the counter meds there is a &quot;chemist&quot; or pharmacy within walking distance, but they close about 7pm. There are small groceries and a health food store in the same area, near Earl's Court Tube Station, where you can pick up some healthfull snacks.  I recommend this hotel to everyone who appreciates comfort and a good night's rest.	
Sep 28 2006 	Great value for money	My husband and I (early 40's) spent 2 nights at this hotel before our return home. This was our first trip to Europe (London &amp; Paris) and I used tripadvisor for our 3 hotel choices (2 in London &amp; 1 in Paris) and was not disappointed.The Premier Travel Inn was the largest room of the 3 we stayed in and was very quiet and very clean.Great shower! I found it odd that there was just a duvet cover and no top sheet - was a little too warm. Staff was very friendly and helpfull.Very easy access from Earl's Court Station and easy to take the metro from Victoria station if your flying in to/out of Gatwick. Good location.Very good value for the price of the room.	
Sep 12 2006 	Lots of positives very few negatives!	Just got back to the good old USA after a 7-night stay at this hotel. The room was part of a package deal with British Airways and we chose the hotel because of the ratings from Tripadvisor. There are many positive things to say. #1 Location. One block from Earl's Court Tube Station, felt very safe walking from station to hotel, even after dark. There is a nice little restaurant across from the station for breakfast each morning, close to ATMs and grocery stores too. #2 Cleanliness. #3 Staff is very polite and friendly - our room was ready for us at 10:30 in the morning after an early landing at Gatwick. #4 Our room was very quiet because it was across the street from the noisy train side and six floors up. #5 Shower pressure and temperature were great - lots of hot water!! #6 Bed was very comfortable - ask for a top sheet as the beds have only the fitted sheet and a duvet. Only a few negatives - we asked for a top sheet and extra towels each day. Sometimes we got them, sometimes not. Also, the front desk never answered calls from the room. Vending machines were out of order most of the time. The room was also very small and there were no drawers to put our clothes in. Overall, for the price we paid, we were very happy there.	
Aug 16 2006 	Air conditioning!	My wife and I stayed here for a couple of nights in July after coming back from spending a few days in Paris. Prior to going to Paris, we stayed at the Premier Travel Inn at County Hall so we knew we were going to get a no frills but extremely clean and comfortable hotel room and this certainly did not disappoint.Check in was OK but the staff made my day when they were able to get me a non-smoking room, even though there were only smoking rooms available when I booked through Expedia.Once we got to our room, the first thing we noticed was the excellent air conditioning. This is something we did not have at County Hall or in Paris and it felt like heaven. Outside temperatures at the time were around 28-29C so it was nice to come back to a cool room after walking around in the wonderful Earl's Court area. Lots of different types of restaurants (Indian, Japanese, Thai, Filipino, Chinese just to name a few) and pubs around. There were internet cafes offering cheap unlimited access. There are many other hotels in the area so there are lots of tourists walking the streets in the evening. The Earl's Court tube station is just minutes away.Very good value for the money.	
Aug 14 2006 	Best of All	Out of the three three hotels we stayed in during our London vacation, this was by far the best. The price is amazing considering what we paid for some incredible dumps. It is close to the tube, restaurants, shops. It was clean, attractive, comfortable, quiet, and had air conditioning! The staff was very helpful. The morning breakfast was excellent--everybody was hard at work. Don't take a chance on other places. This one won't disappoint.	
Aug 9 2006 	Brillant Hotel everything only a tube ride away!	Just arrived back after a 5 night stay at this hotel. The hotel was very clean maid service every day, always left plenty tea, coffee and milk. The location is brillant it's so near to everything, you come out of the hotel turn right walk along earls court gardens road and you are the tube station. If you didn't want to eat in the hotel, breakfast was 7.50 each which is quite a lot for 3 people over 5 days, there is plenty places to eat round about the tube station and there is also a bakers and a somerfields. We had a room at the back of the hotel and the noise from the trains was not to bad and we were on the fifth floor. The only thing I would say about the room is that there is no drawers and not enough hangers if there is more than one person in the room. Overall I thought the room was excellent and would highly recommend it and would say there again.	
Jul 2 2006	Great value hotel cheap good location	Searched quite a number of hotels before choosing this one.We were only in London 2 days for the Eagles concert and didn't want anythinng too pricey. Having stayed at Premier travel inn before i knew what to expect.Location was good, 5 minutes walk from Earls Court tube station.The room was spacious, tidy and had air con which was a major plus considering the heat wave the weekend we went. Having stayed in other London hotels that don't have air con- this was a god send as rooms can get quite cooped up.The only negative thing i would say about our stay is we turned up at 1.30pm, half hour before check in and we weren't able to get a room. 5 minutes later, another couple checked in after us and the woman who served them gave them a room.	
Jun 7 2006	GREAT hotel just what London needs	This is the kind of hotel that London has needed for decades! For the price, this place was AMAZING. Very clean; friendly staff; nice restaurant downstairs. Amazing location - 1 block from Earl's Court tube station; close to post office, supermarket, bakery, deli's, pubs, restaurants, internet cafes. Very efficient check-in and check-out.Only small things that needed improvement: no room safe, no refrigerator, and no drawers! There were only six hangers in the closet, which meant I couldn't unpack my stuff and had to live out of my suitcase. If you choose to stay here, I suggest sending them an email beforehand to request extra hangers in the room.Apart from that, nothing but praise for this place.	
Mar 30 2006	great location	Just back from a family week-end break &amp; we were very pleased with this economy hotel .The rooms were clean, warm &amp; very quiet (make sure you ask for this as some rooms overlook the railway line).The location was great for visiting the museums &amp; Earls Court.Tube station only 3 minutes walk.we were also pleased with very friendly &amp; effecient staff.	
Feb 19 2006	good location		
Oct 31 2005 	Friendly staff!		
Aug 4 2005	value for Money		
Jun 30 2005 	top spot in kensington for value		
Jan 30 2005	really great stay		
Dec 13 2004	TRains trains  trains!		
Nov 20 2004	Great!		
Oct 5 2004	Just beautiful!!!!!		
Jul 4 2004	really nice atmosphere		
Nov 30 2003	No room at the Inn		
Oct 8 2009 	Location location location		
Aug 22 2009 	Eccezionale.....veramente		
Aug 20 2009 	posizione ottima servizio cortese		
May 26 2009 	ottimo per le famiglie		
May 8 2009 	Meglio di Così (a questo prezzo) non si può! =)		
Jan 5 2009 	Una buena elección en Londres		
Aug 2 2008 	Ottimo soggiorno sotto tutti gli aspetti		
May 20 2008 	Hotel recomendable en Londres		
Apr 2 2008 	Totalmente recomendable		
Jan 6 2008	hotel très agréable		
Nov 17 2007	Niente da eccepire!		
Aug 24 2007 	excellent rapport qualité-prix		
Apr 17 2007 	Excellent point de chute !		
Mar 5 2007 	Tutto perfetto		
