	Very good staff	Good hotel. A bit old fashioned for my tastes but it will please many. Great service from the check in onwards. The staff couldn't be faulted. Upgraded fro £50 to a suite as it was for one night and the room and bathroom were excellent. No problems and handy for the King's Road, Sloane Street and Knightsbridge.Upmarket and safe feeling area.	
	Great	I booked this hotel via Lastminute (my normal London hotels were full). It was great, a really good bedroom and bathroom - high quality bedding, towels etc.OK the common areas were a bit tired - but the staff were friendly and the room was great.	
Nov 16 2009 	as a hotel owner never seen such a management..	? stayed 6 nights but wished to be there only 6 min. only. when arrived hotel they gave me room where you can feel like you are in technical departmant of the hotel..even you cant see outside from windows, cause all pipes ,ventilating and heating systems were surrounded front of windows. than very difficullity moved me another room but again very small room and bathroom where paying 240 pounds that cabin. you even dont have chance to have shower in bath tube....anyway, because of the exhibition in london no chance to find another hotel, everywhere was full.everybody were mostly east europe people whom doesnt speak fluently english except concierge guy in hotel...waiters were gossiping at breakfast instead of serving...there alot to say but one guy who thinks he is manager at hotel is really very special, i never seen in my life. he has to find other job instaedof hotel bussines. will never stay again.	
Nov 11 2009 	Great location charm and service	I was in London for a 5 night stay with my Starwood points. I chose the Sheraton Belgravia because of its location, reviews and boutique description. It did not disappoint. The neighborhood was lovely, close to Knightsbridge, Sloane Street, Chelsea and Mayfair. Reception was very low-key where I sat with the manager and checked in. My room was spacious and bright, and had a sitting area. The bathroom was large and well-appointed. The air-conditioning was exceptional. The continental breakfast was just ok, but the omelettes were superior. The breakfast area was cozy and comfortable. The staff was very accommodating from start to finish. I wanted to send some items home as I was just at the beginning of my four week trip and the manager provided a box and even had it shipped (my expense but very convenient). He also made sure I had my British newspaper of choice delivered to my room every morning in place of the one they offered. I am sad that they will be closed for renovation when I return next summer. They also may not rejoin Starwood. That part is uncertain, the way I understand it. But when they do reopen, a new and improved hotel in a great area will once again grace the streets of Belgravia.	
Oct 29 2009 	Nice place - Too bad it will close	The place was clean and well located, although you need to walk a little bit to get to the Tube, Harrods, the Tate Britain... Our Studio Suite on a high floor (there are 10 floors) had a nice view. We did not see much of the staff but we did not need them it was fine. The place will leave the Sheraton chain after 12/31/2009, but it was still well kept when we were there.Small issues: the toilet tank took for ever to fill up, as in all London high end hotels services were not cheap (Wi-Fi, breakfast), but at least they were efficient (fast Wi-Fi and good breakfast). Also, the builiding itself is an eyesore.Overall a very good place for London.	
Oct 15 2009 	Nice hotel...good not great	I just returned from a four night stay at the Sheraton Belgravia with my niece. I agree with others that the lobby is lovely and the welcome was very nice. Unfortunately, we had a lot of issues with our reservation and getting the correct room. First, I had booked a room with two beds since I was travelling with my 24 years old niece. I love her, but not enough to spend four nights in the same bed...Second, the day before we arrived they sent me an email asking if I wanted to upgrade to an &quot;Executive&quot; room for an extra charge. Because we were there for four nights I decided to do the upgrade.However, when we checked in, we were given a room with a king bed. I called down to the front desk and was told that housekeeping could separate the beds. The problem was that the hotel's definition of &quot;separation&quot; and mine are two very different things. They were going to &quot;separate&quot; the beds by simply putting twin sheets on the mattresses. Because there was a wall on one side of the bed, and a desk on the other, there was no way to physically move the two beds apart. It took a good 20 minutes to get them to agree to put us in an actual &quot;executive&quot; room with two beds that were literally &quot;separate&quot;. The room we ended up with was perfect so problem solved.Next issue: while we were in the lounge checking in, we saw a menu that listed &quot;American Breakfast&quot; 15 pounds. So, after getting the room sorted out we went down to get breakfast. The problem??? If you order the American Breakfast in the restaurant (which is the only place it is served before 11 a.m.) the price becomes 21 pounds!! Six pounds more for the exact same meal. That kind of thing just really annoys me. Someone needs to help me understand how the same eggs, bacon and toast dramatically changes cost from one hour to the next. I don't get it. Fortunately, our issues ended there. For the rest of the stay the service was great, the rooms were very clean and the beds were comfortable. Yes, the place needs updating but it was perfectlly comfortable. So, I can't give a higher rating because check in really affected the feel of the place for us. It is a wonderful neighborhood and we both walked to the tube or hopped a cab. No worries there. Would I stay there again? I probably would.	
Oct 7 2009 	good value in a nice area	good place for a business trip. Liked the fac it was close to victoria station but not too close. woudl stay there again	
Oct 7 2009 	Wonderful surprise of a hotel in a very Posh area	I stayed here recently using a free night so I can't give you an accurate picture of the value for the price paid but was quite happy with this place. The hotel is between 2 major Tube stations but it is a bit awkward getting there by foot with luggage so if that's an issue take a taxi or a bus. I had forgotten about the desk check-in so when I entered I breezed past it and was almost at the elevators before realizing that the 2 desks to the left were for check-in and concierge. As someone was actually checking out, the concierge was kind enough to help me out. When he had trouble finding my reservation, the AGM Andrei, came over to assist me and provided outstanding service.Since I don't want everyone going there to expect the same, I won't disclose all of the perks given to me but I will say that I was upgraded on my stay and got a fabulous room in addition to a couple of other perks. Great job with the welcoming attitude and service.Room was very comfortable and bathroom had a decent shower and amenities. I didn't dine there but had a drink at the bar and a nice chat with the bartender (friendly service again).The area is behind the posh shopping area of Kensington (Harrod's etc) and in a residential neighborhood, so this may not be the place for the typical tourist. However, just up the street there is a Waitrose grocer and small cafes (Starbucks too) if you want to grab a bite to eat. Otherwise, Chelsea and King's Road is a short walk south of the hotel with lots of restaurants and shops at Sloane Square as well as the Saatchi Gallery.Definitely enjoyed my stay and would consider coming here again.	
Oct 4 2009 	What a great hotel with such charm and character excellent staff wonderful location.	We went to London to experience Europe's history and decided we did not want to stay in a sleek modern hotel, but one that had a history of it's own. We were not disappointed. I had read some other reviews from this site about the hotel and some complained about the &quot;desk&quot; used for check in, instead of a grand counter, the tiny elevators, small bathrooms etc. and we did find that all but it was all part of the charm of this place. It is beautiful inside, it has character and we loved our stay. The staff is amazing, so helpful and friendly, you could not ask for better. The hotel is kept so clean and tidy, both the rooms and common areas. The food was excellent, we really enjoyed the lounge area with its private little nooks to sit, have a drink and unwind after a long day exploring. The neighbourhood is fantastic, lovely buildings everywhere, close to two subway lines, lots of shopping including a grocery store within minutes. We were out at a concert in the area one evening and felt very comfortable walking late at night. If we ever go back to London we will stay here again.	
Sep 24 2009 	Very good base for a London visit	My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights. It's in a very good location for tourists like us, with some excellent dining options in the area (including a great breakfast cafe just around the corner and a modern Indian restaurant - Amaya - not to be missed), and Underground stops not too far away. For a chain hotel, we found the staff very friendly and helpful; we felt individually cared for, not as anonymous pawns. Our room was lovely, large and with a terrific window seat (so when you see the odd bulges on the exterior views remember they add real value inside). We would recommend this, and we would return	
Sep 21 2009 	Great location terrific staff but bring earplugs	I usually stay at the Park Lane, but decided to try the Belgravia for a two-day stay during a 3-week business trip. The staff are excellent. I had an Executive Room on the 4th floor, which was a little beaten up (walls needed to be touched up) but fine, on the whole. I'm a Starwood Platinum member, and travel about half the year -- always stay in Starwood properties.My only complaint -- and it's a fairly serious one -- is that the acoustics in this building are terrible. It seems to be an old, somewhat rickety structure, but I could hear the couple next door when they spoke in a normal tone of voice -- thank goodness they were quiet people! If I was sitting in my bed, and the maid closed the door in either of the adjacent rooms, the wall behind my back vibrated. There are 1-2&quot; spaces under the doors, so it's no wonder you can hear everything in the hallway and adjacent room, if there is one.I'm on the fence about whether I would stay here again -- I love everything else about the place, but the noise was really bothersome. I know that soundproofing is very expensive (my husband is an architect and has designed two hotels) especially on older structures, so it may require waiting until the hotel undergoes a major renovation.	
Sep 19 2009 	There is no doubt it is the staff that makes this hotel great	We stayed here at the end of a 2 week trip. The hotel is older but is clean and has a good feel to it. The location is a little inconvenient to the tube, but there are is always a taxi available. (we sometimes took them to the tube station!)The concierge was available and ready to help with anything.The restaurant staff though made it like dining with friends. I am leary of hotel restaurants. They are usually convenient but that is all. The food was good and the staff made sure you got exactly what you wanted. Kelly and Cristel were there with a smile in the morning serving whatever we wanted. One morning we dined by the window alcove in the lobby, the next morning in the dining room. A friendly smile, all the right touches and lots of coffee!In the evening we had the charming Fabrizzio. Our last night was our 25th wedding anniversary. It had been a long trip and of course, being London, it was raining hard! We stayed in for dinner and Fabrizzio made a memory of it. We even had a wonderful desert wishing us a Happy 25th Anniversary and we felt so special. I don't know how this hotel finds such wonderful people but I hope they all realize how special they are.	
Aug 25 2009 	It was true -- the nicest and the best staff.	I had read other reviews on tripadvisor and thought they had to be exaggerating. But no, this hotel has the nicest, most helpful staff -- everyone without exception was helpful. Nothing needed to make our stay more pleasant seemed too much trouble. They even volunteered to follow up on our lost luggage -- who else would do that? Once they located it, they were considerate enough to call before delivering it to our room since it was so late at night.I agree that the bathrooms are very small; but they are really clean which is very important.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great Location Cozy Excellent Service	I have stayed here three times and I really like this location - you are walking distance from the Knightsbridge Underground station, Harrods, a lot of couture shops and the Brompton Road. The immediate neighbourhood is peaceful and pleasant.While the rooms are small (like many in London) the furnishings are elegant, the air conditioning works (in August, that matters!) the bathrooms are well equipped and clean and the staff are pleasant, attentive and efficient. There is a cozy place in the lobby to have tea or drinks with colleagues or friends which makes it a good kick off point for joint business or social events. There is no on-site gym or pool so fitness freaks will have to jog in the neighborhood or go off-site.	
Aug 1 2009 	A nice classy hotel that requires some furnishing updates..	We stayed in Sheraton for two nights ( we had 2 adjacent rooms for us and our kids) -thanks to SPG points. We were welcomed very warmly into the hotel ( I like their very informal reception area). The rooms themselves were nice - but the rooms needs some updating in terms of soundproofing. Even though this hotel is not in a busy street - we could still hear vehicle noises through the night (windows were closed and curtains drawn). The A/C system was also making some serious amounts of start/stop noise ( I think those units need some servicing or probably a replace to something more modern). The hotel is NOT very near to any of the tubes ( if you have kids - it is a good walk to Knightsbridge or Victoria). However, you can easily walk ( if you are a walker!) to almost most of the attractions in london from here. We walked upto Big Ben and back with our kids (older than 8) without any issues. Internet connection is expensive ( 20 pounds) - but the speed you get for that is PATHETIC. I personally don't have a problem paying money (whatever the asking is in a particular place) for internet as long as I get decent speeds. London (and Europe in general) for me was a disappointment in terms of speeds ( I am currently writing this from India - a &quot;third&quot; world country - where the connection is just downright fantastic). Overall, I would recommend this hotel with some reservations ( Since I didn't pay money for my stay (thanks Starwood) - my review may be biased slightly in saying that this is a good hotel to stay -but if I was paying money ( and I think the rates were closer to 150 pounds a night) - then I would give them a MAYBE as a recommendation.	
Jul 22 2009 	Understated elegant and quiet hotel but pricey extras	I stayed here for one night before going on to Paris, using a Free Night Reward from the SPG programme. The welcome was very friendly and the room on the second floor was spacious, with a view over a green space outside. I got the impression that nothing was too much trouble. It was a very leafy, quiet area. The bed was the usual fabulously comfy Sheraton bed and the bathroom was spotless with all the usual amenities. The TV was quite dated- no flatscreen here, just an old -style one, not even widescreen. Boring selection of channels- all European news!The hotel is small by Sheraton standards- only 89 rooms, and the front desk was literally a small desk with two chairs so if it's big and bold you like, this isn't the hotel for you. As is usual with London hotels and most Sheraton hotels, the mini bar, room service and breakfast were all expensive- £21 for breakfast. However there was a good choice of buffet items and the cooked breakfast was tasty. I wouldn't have paid it had I not got the room for free! The hotel is around 10 minutes to Knightsbridge and I felt completely safe walking back to the hotel from the tube after midnight as a lone female. Nearby on Motcomb Street are a whole lot of eateries, and I wholeheartedly recommend Ottolenghi, a tiny bakery/patisserie/deli who sell gorgeous cakes and pastries (would be great for breakfast) as well as a gorgeous array of salads, quiches and cold meats). Hyde Park is also 5 minutes away, as is Park Lane. In summary, I would recommend this hotel for quiet, elegance and intimate surroundings and spot-on service. A relaxing place to come back to after the bright lights and sights.	
Jul 19 2009 	Comfortable and Clean	We stayed at this location for three nights with our small family. Upon arrival the staff is courteous. The lobby is small and cozy. It gave me time to sit and watch the staff at work. They were wonderful. I noticed different guests with a varied amount of requests. Outside of making a fitness center in the lobby, they were able to handle anything. It was always a pleasure to see any of them at the desks. They have an arrangement with the nearby Sheraton location to use their facilities. It worked well.Our room was on the 1st floor. Which by American terms is the second. The ground floor is &quot;0&quot;. Anyway, I thought we might have a challenge with noise from the restaurant or the street. We did not. Our room was perfect for us. The extra bed for our son was brought in and we were set. This is on our list for a place to visit again. Thank you, Sheration Belgravia Staff! Our family had a delightful time in your hotel.	
Jul 16 2009 	Nice stay good location	My wife and I stayed here in June 2009. A nice hotel, nothing fancy. We used Starpoints for our stay and I'm a gold member. We were upgraded to the 10th floor with a great view of surrounding area. Room was adequate. Border line 4 star hotel. Small hotel lobby, staff very courteous and friendly. We had lunch here and it was good. My wife had some fish and I had a burger. It was a little expensive but tasty. The front desk was very helpful. The hotel is very close to Harrod's. Its within walking distance to Buckingham Palace. If you enjoy walking, you can see all of London's main sites within two days from this hotel. You can walk to Westminster Abbey and Piccadilly and Covent Garden from this hotel. Catch a boat ride from the London Eye area and see the London Tower and Tower Bridge.One complaint is the television was extremely outdated. Its a tube and flat screens are in most 4 star hotels now.In the end, we enjoyed this hotel but we would probably stay at the Sheraton Park Tower next time as a comparison. We felt very safe walking at night in the Belgravia neighborhood. Its a very upscale area to live. It felt more of a business hotel though. If you want to feel more of a vacation perhaps stay at Sheraton Park Tower or the Piccadilly hotel.	
Jul 14 2009 	Nice Quiet Hotel in a terrific area	Nice hotel with very well appointed rooms and perfect location. Close to all the &quot;happening&quot; places in the city and in a &quot;posh&quot; district.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great staff great room great location value?	Just returned from a 5-night stay at the Sheraton Belgravia (my second stay with them). Overall highly enjoyable. Every single staff interaction was wonderful, with staff going out of their way in every instance. The room was very large (for Europe), well appointed, and comfortable. Location in a quiet residential neighborhood (with easy access to everything you need) was, for us, perfect. The rooms are in the early stages of needing a facelift (new carpet, paint, bathroom faucets, etc...), but it sounds like that is in the works, and this should not be a deterrent to a stay there in the short term.The only real questionable issue is around the value. We stayed on Starwood Points and wanted to extend our stay (paid) for a few more nights. At 297 pounds per night (lowest available rate for several months running), there were far better values to be had, even in London.....we will definitely come back, but always on Starwood points, business account, or at a far lower rate...	
Jul 6 2009 	Great experience	My husband &amp; I stayed here following a week's cruise on QM2 - it was a nice transition. The staff were without exception helpful and attentive. Upon arrival we were seated in the casual coffee area, offered beverages during registration, and made to feel at home. Our room was not ready but we were offered upgrade and it was ready following our lunch. We used room service several times following theatre and found the food to be more than remarkable for a hotel. The food was not inexpensive, but it was excellent, well served, and always very prompt.. Unlike larger hotels, there was never a problem with services - we'd leave and return to find everything perfect. The concierge was also a gem - got us great tickets for Globe when we failed. Service and quality appointments were the watchword throughout our stay. Only drawback for tourist (which we were) is the somewhat distant location from center of activities. We typically took a cab into town and went from there. We have stayed at Park Lane in past and while it is much more convenient, it is just not the same quality of experience. If you are up and out early and late - a hotel doesn't matter that much, but we enjoy the experience of being able to be at home in our home away from home. We also have to do some work early or late and the room had a great desk with a view of the City.. The neighborhood was very nice - lots of embassies in the area and very safe. We walked to Sloan Avenue, to Harrods, to a local pub and just around the neighborhood - felt at home. It was a great experience all around. Highly recommend the Belgravia	
Jun 21 2009 	Run down understaffed poor value	I recently stayed here for 1 night with my family, and I was glad to leave after the night. This hotel is tired and run down. Our room had worn furniture, stains on the walls that looked like they were a result of water damage, and a barely functional TV (none of the features other than tuning to regular TV channels worked). On a positive note, the bed was very comfortable. Service was responsive when you could get hold of someone, but the front desk is understaffed -- it is literally a desk and they can handle only one party at a time. I requested connecting or adjoining rooms when I reserved, and received rooms on 2 different floors. I also requested a late check-out for both rooms at check-in, which was honored (my Platinum status with SPG should make this automatic), but when I went the next day to verify as we were going out for the morning, I was told I could only have the late check-out from one room and needed to vacate the other room immediately. Later, I waited 20 minutes to check out, while the family ahead of me went through a prolonged check-in process.There are too many good hotels in London to spend money here; if you are looking for a Starwood property, the Sheraton Park Tower is much better and only slightly more expensive. It is also in a better location, only 1 block from the Knightsbridge tube stop, vs. 7 or 8 for the Belgravia.	
Jun 5 2009 	Perfect hotel in a near perfect location	Just returned from a five night stay at the Sheraton Belgravia and could not have been more pleased.We stayed there using Starwood points. The hotel is within walking distance range of most sights but far enough away to enjoy a little bit of peace and tranquility after a long day of touring. The staff was very friendly and helped us with finding restaurants and getting some attraction tickets.When we did have problems with our air conditioning it was attended to promptly..The only negative is there is only one computer for internet use if you choose not to use your own. If I return to London I would not stay anywhere else.	
May 27 2009 	The Sheraton Belgravia in London is fit for a queen.	Wow, a friend and I just returned after a delightful week's stay at the Sheraton Belgravia, ideally situated across from a key park in the embassy area of London. It was beautifully appointed with antiques in our room and lobby. We were within walking distance of the Chelsea Flower Show (our main destination), Victoria Station, Buckingham Palace and Westminster Abbey. The hotel has an excellent chef from Argentinia, who created some memorable dishes, including the guiney pie and peach torte, which were especially delicious! The concierge Gregors was always available to help with directions, money exchange and transportation needs. The housekeeping staff was also excellent, tidying up each day. We will definitely return for our next visit.	
May 20 2009 	A Comfortable Hotel with Excellent Service	We stayed here from May 6 through 10 on Starwood Points. We were very pleased with our stay.We stayed in room 906. It was a bit on the small side.....approximately 275 feet including the bath room. The outstanding feature of this hotel is the staff including the concierge desk, office and housekeeping department.We had twin beds, a small dresser clutered with items from the mini-bar on a tray and an older t.v. Fortunately there was a small round table on which we could place items along with a desk. There is one night stand between the two beds and a lounge chair leaving very little free floor space. Lighting was adequate. The bath room was very nice.....all tiled in white and very clean. They hotel provided a hair dryer, a magnifying mirror (no light for same), a tub/shower combination with an extra hand wand in addition to the wall shower head. The water pressure was fair. Very good counter and shelf space. Good lighting.The hotel is about 6 blocks from two subway stations (Knightsbridge and Sloan Square) and very close to Knightsbridge/Sloan St/Brompton shopping. The walk to Hyde Park takes about 10 minutes.Restaurants we visited: Il Portico (Italian-Excellent), Blue Lagoon (a Thai restaurant....very, very casual, but excellent food at good prices) and very close to the Theater we attended, Bangkok (Thai) and Tamarind (very popular and highly rated Indian, but we did not enjoy). We would certainly return to this hotel.	
Apr 26 2009 	Stay here!	We've been to London many times (my husband is originally from here) and this is easily one of the best places we've stayed. Superb location, comfortable rooms and common areas, great service - you will not find better overall value for your money anywhere in London. There's a Waitrose (and a Starbuck's) a few blocks away which was great, you can buy snacks and drinks there and keep them in your room - very handy. We had dinner at Motcomb's (on Motcomb St) and it was fantastic. We didn't eat in the hotel restaurant (we rarely do) so can't comment on it. We will definitely stay here again!p.s. The Patisserie Valerie (also on Motcomb) was a huge disappointment, we absolutely love PV but this location is quite small and the service was very poor.	
Apr 14 2009 	Charming hotel	The hotel is lovely but not bright at all. Location is relatively central. But be aware that neighborhood is very quiet and breakfast is extremely expensive...	
Mar 29 2009 	Wonderfull location - residential and family oriented area	First let me say that I previoulsy read many complimentary reviews on this Sheraton before making my reservation. I can validate that this is a gem of a hotel and I highly recommend you stay at the Sheraton Belgravia.From the start, all of the staff I interacted with were intersted in making this stay a wonderfull experiernce. The restuarant food and service was excellent. The studio hotel room was spacious, clean and modern. The interior ws lovery - highly recommend the studio rooms for size and elegance. The hotel is located in walking distance of Hyde Park, Harrods, and many finner dinning facilities. The hotel located in a expensive residential part of The City of Westminster. Very safe to walk around after dark. There is a Starbucks, Grocery Store, boutique / retail shopping and Barclay bank very close bye. Also, the area is surrounded by several inviting green parks.Unique - I am a bit of a car nut. If you like Aston Martins, Lambo's, Bentley's, Ferrari's, MB and BMW's; there is no short of them in this area of town. Just hang out and listen / watch them go bye - especially on the weekends. Just walk around Trevor Square area and its a visual delight.My critical hotel comments - our room (607) was located on a corner of the building that has a busy street below; so the room is not quite before 1 am on a week night. Sunday was very quite. The two wall heaters in the room did not work, but room service brought a portable heater that worked nicely and a bed blanket. The bathroom vanity ceiling slowly leaked water onto the counter top several days in a row. Again room service was very appologetic and clened up the mess after each call.I would definately stay here again.	
Mar 22 2009 	Superb Location	SPG Gold Member, so after much research (and Trip Advisor comparisons) I choose this hotel for 6 nights. My husband needed medical attention while were were there and the concierge and staff couldn't have been more helpful or concerned. They were GREAT (and my husband is fine now). Our King room was wonderful (though flat screen tv would have been nice and the small dresser was a little too small -- obviously not a complaint in any real way). 3 Tube stops (Knightsbridge, Sloane Sq and Hyde Park) are within 10 min walk. This is an expensive/upscale area so if rowdy pub-crawling is what you're looking for, look elsewhere. If however, you want a lovely, quiet adult atmosphere then look no further.As this was a vacation for us we didn't need to use wi-fi and the lobby pc was VERY inexpensive. Sometimes they have specials so 90 minutes was only 5 lbs. while we were there.We took the Picadilly line in from Heathrow and a cab back (early Sunday morning). The cab was 60lbs before tip but we were expecting that. It would easlity be near 100 lbs if it was during the week and lots of traffic. Tube travel super easy &amp; fast!We also advanced purchased, here in USA, the London Pass w/ additional unlimited Tube/Bus card which we used the heck out of. Made things so much easierIf you're used to NYC prices then currently London is not too expensive.All-in-all, an absolute delight of a holiday!I don't know the room rate as we used points. Would DEFINITELY stay here again.	
Mar 18 2009 	Very good service to be a Sheraton	I've stayed there 4 times and like the personalized service. This property has a 5-star service and can't be compared with other sheratons. Nice location for buiness travellers, quiet area and close to knightbridge sub station. If you go for leisure and planning to sightsee London, the area isn't a good option but if you look for a upscale and quiet zone that's a great option.Room service menu limitted but food OK, nothing special. Reception staff is great.	
Mar 17 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Located in a beautiful area, this hotel is made by its staff. Thank you Kelly and Jesse for making our 6 day stay perfect. We will definitely return and recommend this hotel as a London gem!	
Feb 25 2009 	A beautiful hotel	I was here just this last weekend and i have to say i have very few bad things to say about it!! They friendliness of the staff is next to none. They are so helpful. Freddie the Conceirge was so wonderful. He helped us so much. There was construction going on next door which woke me early, but that has nothing to do with the hotel!!The location is wonderful, with jus a short walk from Harrods and Knightsbridge tube station. Notwithstanding the closeness to Sloane Street with all the designer shopping like Christian Louboutin, Gucci, Prada, Louis Vitton and Gina to name but a few. There's a waitrose just around the corner too...for any shopping needs.The rooms are small but not squashed and the cleanliness of them is to the highest order. The only thing they didnt have was a tea and coffe making facility, which is surprising given they have everything else!! The food and drink there is also beautiful and reasonably priced. And ladies, Giseppie, the barman is an excellent cocktail maker! We had such fun.On a whole, we throughouly enjoyed our stay and will be returning and will also recommend it to anyone.	
Feb 15 2009 	Just a fantastic hotel	I have literally just returned from a weekend staying at the Sheraton Belgravia and just wanted to let others know what a fantastic hotel this is. I have stayed in many inner city hotels which pale in comparison to this one. The rooms, whilst small as you would expect from an inner London hotel were immaculate and beautifully decorated. Despite their size you don't feel claustrophobic due to the carefully thought layouts, lighting and mirrors. For once, the rooms you see on the website are actually what you can expect, rather than a couple of carefully photographed &quot;suites&quot; which the average guest cannot expect to stay in.The staff were professional, friendly and helfpul throughout our stay and are a credit to the hospitality industry.The hotel was also wonderfully peaceful without feeling deserted.I would definitely stay here again and would highly recommend it.	
Feb 1 2009 	Superior Level of Service	We were very impressed and thankful for the high level of service and attention to personal detail from the staff of the hotel. A special compliment to the concierge who unfailingly delivered on every request and question we had. Rates were very attractive and we enjoyed a superior combination of business and holiday. They even stored our luggage for the week we were out of London.	
Jan 17 2009 	Quiet Nice Hotel	Nice hotel, attentive front desk, concierge and staff. The room I got is quite small (especially the ver compact bathroom), but it’s clean, nicely decorated with comfortable bed. The hotel is very well located, walking distance to many attractions. The surrounding neighborhood is nice, safe and very clean. I walked late at nights and felt safe. I also like the hotel’s quiet and classy ambiance. For food, there is plenty of deli, cafes and pubs around, also an excellent Waitrose supermarket 2 minutes walk from the hotel. Compared to what I pay for US hotels, it is relatively expensive, especially the room is quite small. However, London hotels are expensive and the Sheraton Belgravia provided me a pleasant stay.	
Jan 5 2009 	A gem of a hotel	We paid for two rooms with Starwood points. The staff couldn't be nicer. The reception is small but quite welcoming. Room service, maid service, concierge and valet all went out of their way to make our stay comfortable. Maybe it's because the hotel was not busy but this was just lovely.I do wish the wi fi was cheaper, tough. I know the hotel will say that these are competitive prices in all hotels in London, well that doesn't make it palatable, it just is a ridiculous sum to pay for daily internet access. Come on guys, instead of just following the gougers, set the trend and lower the price of wi-fi and in-room internet connections.	
Dec 2 2008 	Satisfactory; very OK	I liked this hotel's location in Belgravia; wonderful for leisurely walks, especially down King's Road, close to Hyde and Green parks, within striking distance of Kensington museums. Even though it's not right at a tube station, the hotel’s not far from two of them (Knightsbridge and Sloane Square). As other reviewers have noted, the hotel is fairly compact and ‘cozy,’ but my room was an ample size. I could, however, hear some things from the room next door; the walls are not so ‘thin’ as to be acoustically transparent, but this is not the quietest place to stay. The carpets and furnishings and bath fixtures were rather worn (e.g. my desk chair was rickety and needed replacing) and so this hotel is in definite need of internal renovation. However, it seems a clean property and housekeeping was very good. Indeed, I really liked the staff at this hotel...they get things done and keep their promises within reasonable periods of time. Room service food is so-so and not the greatest value for money, but nowhere near the rip-off of the 18 pounds per day for the wireless Internet access (note: when you order the service, it says you are purchasing 24 hours, but they really mean until 11 a.m. every day...not the greatest deal if you check-in late...). There's a Waitrose grocery store nearby if you want to avoid hotel prices for food and drink, but don't look for any space to put things in the room’s mini-bar fridge, which is completely pre-stocked with items to make it impossible to store anything (without racking-up charges from the automatic 'robo-bar' in removing items to make room for anything purchased outside the hotel).Strangely for a hotel in Britain, my room did not include a tea set and water kettle, although these were provided when I asked for them. The bartender makes a great martini, it should be noted.Overall, I would say this hotel is best for a Starwood points redemption stay.	
Nov 25 2008 	Great location but smaller than other Sheraton hotels	I had expected a lot from this hotel, but in some ways I was disappointed. If you have stayed at hotels in Paris then you will know exactly what this hotel is like - small and cramped. Reception, the bar, the lifts and the rooms are all smaller than you would expect in a 5-star central London Hotel. However, the hotel is lovely and the staff are helpful. I did have problems with two rooms before I was happy with a king size room on the 10th floor. To the hotel's credit the manager contacted me personally after my stay to apologise for the problems I had and I am happy with the outcome. The view was simply spectacular and I really appreciated having a small balcony which meant I could sleep with the window open getting fresh air rather than air filtered through an air conditioner. This combined with the ever-comfortable Sheraton Sweet Sleeper bed made for a pleasant night.	
Oct 6 2008	Nice Stay perfect location	The minors first:1.) the hotel, from outside, looks extremely ugly (70th concrete style)2.) the water supply in the room is noisy (own presure pump) but with good presure. But it needs some knowledge to be able to adjust the water temperature.3.) Internet (WiFi) is approx. € 25,00But now the positive sides1.) the location is just exelent (quite but in walking distance to all the nice shops (Dolce &amp; Gabbana, Gucci, Billionaire, Harolds...).2.) room of good size (we got an upgrade to the executive suite on the top floor)3.) Clean4.) Exelent staff service, especially the Concierges5.) High value for London (€ 240/night weekend rate)Anyway, next time we wouldn't stay here again since nearby you've got better options with more style (but higher priced).The Sheraton Belgravia, from outside, is a very ugly 70th hotel - but located very nicely (shopping; relaxing...). Once you stepped inside	
Sep 24 2008 	Nice hotel	Location It is about a half mile walk to Tube stations. The immediate neighborhood is very posh, and while there are nice restaurants close by..but not much for a tourist Relatively clean room, with bland decor. Bathrooms were extremely small and had plumbing problems .Nice comfortable bed. Plumbing and bathroom were dated, and didn't work very well.The hotel was walking distance to Hyde Park, Harrods, Harvey Nichols and Sloan street, which had the most ridiculous shopping. Also, the Picadilly line is the train that services Heathrow, so you wont have to take a cab from the airport, which ran us about 55 GBPConceirge was good and helpful . Breakfast not great . Best thing was Conceirge and since my agent has booked a basic room , but they change my room at additional cost of 35 GBP for which they originally said 50 GBP . -----------------	
Sep 17 2008 	Great location sweet hotel.	We stayed at the Sheraton Belgravia for one night enroute from Italy to Canada. Staff were lovely and helped us check in and brought us tea as we were exhausted from the travel and looked the part! Our room was extremely tiny (much smaller than the ones posted by other travellers) but plush and clean. I was with a friend so we had two twin beds and could barely walk between the two. However, we had the best sleep of our travels at this hotel due to the lovely choice of pillows, down duvet, good air conditioning and great hot shower. The location is walking distance along Sloane St to shops along Knightsbridge - a 5-7 mins walk only. Not a lot of selection for restaurants or breakfast locations within this walk but once you reach Knightsbridge there are many choices.Buses along Sloane St are frequent and not too full. Take a bus south along Sloane St if you wish to reach Victoria Station and there are shops including a Marks and Spencer take out food shop and a great meat pie shop selling only 2-3 different types of meat pies - very yummy and may have been one of the best handpies i've ever eaten. We were able to stay at this hotel via points so i'm not sure if there would be better hotels at this pricepoint in this area. I would recommend this hotel and would stay here again.	
Aug 31 2008 	OK Hotel OK Value...	Short 1 night stay at Belgravia on business trip. Mostly booked to rack up an SPG stay.Location has plusses and minuses. It is about a half mile walk to Tube stations. The immediate neighborhood is very posh, and while there are nice restaurants close by...there are very few cheaper casual places. Waitrose grocery store is a nice plus, about 6 blocks away to the North. My limited interations with the staff were good. Very professional and friendly.Room was average sized for London (small anywhere else). Relatively clean room, with bland decor. Air conditioner unit in the room was very old, and largely ineffective. Luckily it was fairly cool outside and windows open a bit. However, I don't like taking that risk.... Nice comfortable bed. Tiny TV with poorly functioning remote. I would classify the wifi internet as only semi-high speed (and fully-high priced at 15 GBP). Plumbing and bathroom were dated, and didn't work very well.Overall, can't get too excited about this one...There are other hotels in this price range which seem to offer better, more updated rooms... Location is interesting, but a bit inconvenient for my purposes.	
Aug 29 2008 	Nice Hotel Convenient Location	We stayed at the Shreaton Belgravia for 5 days and found its location to be perfect for seeing London. It's situated two blocks from the Knightsbridge stop on the Picadilly line in the affluent neighborhood of Belgravia. The area is very quiet and safe at night, but theres not a whole lot going on after dark in the way of nightlife. The hotel was walking distance to Hyde Park, Harrods, Harvey Nichols and Sloan street, which had the most ridiculous shopping. Also, the Picadilly line is the train that services Heathrow, so you wont have to take a cab from the airport, which ran us about $120 USD at the time. Doh! The hotel itself was nice and clean. Our room was very comfortable and had a view of the Park across the street. The couch under the window was a little busted, but we didnt seem to mind. We found the staff to be very pleasant. We called on the concierge several times while we were there and each time we found them to be extremely helpful. Even late at night! We called room service for breakfast once and it was quick and the food was very good with fresh coffee. Other than that, we didnt use any of the other facilities in the hotel.All in all we really enjoyed our stay at the Sheraton Belgravia and would recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 28 2008 	surprisingly intimate	Stayed here for two nights on Starwood points and was pleasantly surprised at how intimate and tucked away it is. It's not like any other Sheraton I'd ever stayed in - it's understated, small, and as others have said it feels in many ways more like a B&amp;B than a international chain hotel. The Sheraton Park Tower is a couple of blocks away and is much more like what you'd expect from a Sheraton, if that's what you're really into.There's no fitness center though they'll give you a pass to the Park Tower gym. The lobby is tiny, with maybe 20 seats. The front desk is really just a desk. It's in a residential area (one of the most expensive in the world) though there are a few small boutique shops a few blocks away. Around the corner are a Waitrose, Starbucks, and Patisserie Valerie for food, if you want to avoid the expensive breakfast.The room was clean and quiet, though light shone through the crack at the bottom of the front door all night. I don't think many people were staying in the hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful. You can walk to Sloane Street and Harrod's, as well as the other Knightsbridge / Kensington attractions (V&amp;A Museum, Natural History Museum, Royal Albert Hall). The nearest tube stop is either Hyde Park Corner or Knightsbridge which are maybe 5 minutes away.	
Aug 28 2008 	Nice Quiet Neighborhood	I stayed here for 5 nights from Aug. 7, 2008 with my husband for vacation. We have been to London three times and stayed in different places each time. As I read reviews about the hotel I was a little worried about it, and I understand why now. If you are one to be in the middle of it all, this is not your hotel. Belgravia is a posh area with many embassies, ritzy flats, and very high end cars. It’s very expensive to eat in the area and at the hotel. I liked the B&amp;B aspect of the hotel, especially because London is such a busy city, it’s nice to return to a quieter place. Since it is smaller than many chains around town, they actually take the time to help you with questions. For example, my husband needs his morning Starbucks coffee. The lady working behind the front desk actually walked us outside and gave us turn by turn directions to the store. The next day, a different staff member gave us a map as he highlighted directions for us (I get lost easily). Sheraton Belgravia is definitely not in the heart of all the action. If you want local nightlife (pubs), you’ll have to explore a bit further from the hotel to find it. The tube stops for this hotel are a bit of a winding walk, but there are three within 10 minutes. If you do book this hotel, tell them you want a park view because the other side of the hotel is a street view, which is noisier, but not by much.	
Aug 26 2008	Wonderful!	We stayed at the Sheraton Belgravia for 4 nights on Sheraton points. What a lovely hotel! There were four of us, two adults and two children so we were given a suite that was larger than we expected and very nicely appointed. We only ate breakfast at the hotel on our last morning because we wanted to experience as much of London as we could in our short stay. Breakfast was good but expensive. All meals in London were pretty expensive, so that wasn't out of the ordinary. The hotel is very centrally located and we could walk to Knightsbridge, Victoria Station, the Sloane tube stop and Buckingham Palace from there. We did a lot of walking. I highly recommend this hotel for its location and wonderful staff.	
Aug 12 2008	Tucked Away	On a business trip and stayed here for a few days. It was a nice enough hotel. Service levels as you would expect from a hotel of this calibre. Breakfast was good. Although in Central London, it was tucked away and didn't feel to 'urban'.	
Jul 23 2008 	Interesting Hotel	This hotel is where large hotel chain meets intimate B&amp;B. The only trouble is that it doesn't do either particularly well. I almost gave the hotel 4 stars but the service was just average so I ended up with 3 stars. There are very good things at this hotel...1. Rooms are clean and fairly well adorned2. Location is quiet (could be good or bad depending on your view)3. The setting is intimate4. Good location for walking to some interesting spots (Harrod's, embassy row, etc)The not so good1. No real amenities (fitness room, etc)2. Food is outrageously expensive--although not completely out of line for London (bkfst buffett is 21 Bp or $42)The hardest thing to poinpoint was the service. It is interesting to check-in to a Sheraton where there is no front desk..just a person sitting at a small desk (this is the B&amp;B aspect). There are always more than enough people to help you--but they sort of have the large hotel chain attitude. Pleasant but not personal. When you stay at a B&amp;B or 5 star hotel, you get that special intimate treatment. Here you expect it and while everyone is pleasant, they lack that passion for service. Kind of hard to explain but hopefully you get the point.In summary, I would stay here again if traveling with my wife (only--no kids) and/or I wanted something off the beaten track. I personally like more amenities for the price.	
Jul 20 2008 	Mediocre	This is a mediocre mid-range hotel in central London (by mid-range, I mean about $425 per night, which is mid-range in London). It is vastly overpriced and underserviced by American standards. Although it is in Belgravia, which is supposedly a &quot;quiet&quot; neighborhood, the hotel is on a very noisy street and the windows do virtually nothing to keep out the noise. Light sleepers should choose another hotel. I was fortunate enough to have sufficient Starwood points for the room and thus avoided the regular (ridiculous) price. We were upgraded to an &quot;executive room&quot; at check-in, which was nice of them, but the room was overstuffed with furniture and was around 300 sq. feet, including the bathroom (which was small). The rooms are laid out in typical London townhouse style, which means that our door-slamming neighbor's door and the maid's door (which slammed constantly from about 8 a.m. onward) were right next to ours. From a noise standpoint, this hotel was not a good experience. Staff at the hotel, from concierge to maids, was indifferent. Continental breakfast was 18 pounds sterling ($36); we did not partake. For American readers, you would be happier and more comfortable at a Holiday Inn Express at a quarter of the price in the U.S. Which leads to the question of where one should stay in London, a wonderful city but one in which probably 95% of the hotels priced under $500 per night are bad or worse (I base this on 14 trips there and 14 different hotels). If I hadn't been using frequent guest points, I would have gone to the Bentley Kempinski in South Kensington, where we stayed two years ago. It's at least two cuts above the Sheraton Belgravia and is about the same price. It's not perfect either, but it's a great value for London.	
Jul 18 2008 	Nice hotel in a good location	I had a layover in London as part of a journey to Egypt, so thought I might as well spend a night in the city and do some sightseeing. London is expensive for hotels, so I used Starpoints for a free night at the Sheraton Belgravia. I chose the hotel based on it's good location but lower price (in terms of points) than other Starwood properties.Location: The hotel is in what is probably the wealthiest part of London. Very clean and upscale street with many embassies nearby. It's a relatively quick walk to Buckingham Palace, although I walked all the way to the Tate Modern (bearing in mind that I enjoy exploring cities on foot and this took me over an hour!). The hotel is not particularly close to the tubes but there are several stops within a 5-10 minute walking radius (Sloane Square and Knightsbridge are about equidistant from the hotel, depending on which lines you want). I thought the location was good, but if you want to be right in the middle of the action this hotel isn't for you. There's also not much in the way of restaurants in the immediate vicinity but there's plenty within a short walk. The hotel is also close to great shopping, including Harrods.Reception: Had the usual early morning arrival so I couldn't check into my room until 3pm. No problem, they took my luggage and I came back later for the key. I'll say though that the reception wasn't particularly warm - especially after seeing me in shorts and bleary-eyed after a long overnight flight. Overall I got a somewhat snooty vibe from reception, which isn't forgivable but is at least understandable given the upscale address and clientele.Room: The room was good sized, and the bed was super comfy. Good sized bathroom and the AC worked well (which was important because it was in the 80s when I was there). Overall no complaints about the room whatsoever - it was a standard Sheraton-type room but did have a bit of local character.Service: I didn't use any of the hotel restaurants or room service since I was only there a night, but I think you'd do better elsewhere (especially if on a budget).Overall: I'd stay here again in a similar situation. The hotel was clean, in a reasonable location, and was relaxing after a day of heavy walking and sightseeing. With the points I paid, I think it was a good deal, but beware that it would have been over $500 a night if I'd paid out of pocket. In my opinion it certainly isn't worth that much! Regardless, this is a good choice for tourists in London.	
Jul 15 2008	Amazing!	First trip to England and picked the pefect hotel.Location was ideal - walking distance from Victoria Station, Buckingham Palace, Harrods, shopping, attractions, restaurants and more.... all in a safe, upper class neighbourhood.Service was second to none - it was great to sit down at the registration and have a nice cold drink after a very long flight. Our luggage was delivered to our room while we checked in. Concierge went out of their way to assist. As a smaller hotel, the personal service they are able to offer was fantastic.The hotel itself was amazing....love the private little nooks off the lobby for a quiet tea, or full meal. Rooms were suprisingly larger than I anticipated for a classic hotel in England - and fully equipped with everything you need while travelling.Recommend this hotel to all!	
Jul 10 2008 	Nice stay at Sheraton Belgravia	We enjoyed our vacation stay at the Sheraton Belgravia. The hotel is very convenient to major London sites as well as Tube stops. Its an easy walk to Victoria station, and not much further to Buckingham palace. The hotel staff was extremely helpful, especially when we needed help finding a restaurant or needed directions to an attraction. Overall, we would gladly return.	
Jul 3 2008 	A Real Gem	We stayed at this lovely hotel for several days in June. The location was a short walk to Harrods, Buckingham Palace, Victoria Station, etc. The room was extremely clean with comfortable beds. All the staff were polite and friendly. Check-in was easy and quick and it was nice to sit with a complimentary drink while doing so. Perfect atmosphere for a lovely stay in London. Would highly reccommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 29 2008 	Old and worn but great location	We stayed at this property for two nights following a trip to France. The location was great and in a very nice &amp; safe neighborhood but the hotel was definitely showing signs of age. We were upgraded to a junior suite on the 9th floor. It was large and comfortable but the furnishings and decor were a bit outdated. The windows also created a howling noise when the wind blew - they were not air tight. The bathroom was large, but fixtures need to be updated. There were places on the walls that needed re-painting, re-wallpapering etc. The service was good and they did send someone up almost immediately to try to fix the window situation. In sum, a comfortable hotel in a great location but in need of some renovations.	
Jun 13 2008 	Great hotel in a great location!	This is a great little hotel in an amazing neighborhood. The check-in with Angelo was smooth, relaxing and fun as we sipped on our wine at a table in the lobby. The hotel is clean and well-appointed and the staff are all professional, efficient and eager to help. We travelled with our daughters and had two rooms, and both were upgraded as a Starward points member. Special kudos to Gregors who tried patiently to assist us with theatre tickets. We saw &quot;Wicked&quot; and was wowed by the show and talent. Thanks for making that happen for us Gregor, you are terrific! Especially go to the Patisserie Valerie, a five minute walk, for daily breakfast treats including various croissants, danish and muffins. These were some of the best deals in London at a price of about $3.00 a piece!! We all loved this homey, warm hotel and exceptional staff. We would definately stay there again. Thanks to all who made our stay in London very memorable, and especially Angelo and Gregor.	
May 30 2008	Excellent location	I went to London for a long weekend with friends and chose this hotel for the location, which is wonderful. An easy 5 minute walk (or £5 taxi ride) to Victoria Train Station, Knightsbridge tube, or Harrod's. The immediate neighborhood also has great restaurants, bakeries, and grocery stores.We were in an executive suite, which by London standards was outright huge. Everything was in great working order and immaculate. I'm docking one star for several small hiccups in the experience: we booked with points and there was some mix-up about a pre-arranged upgrade (although, this may have been an issue with SPG, not the hotel), we had to ask for our roll-away cot several times before it showed, Molton Brown is no longer used (update the pictures on the website!), and upon leaving the property, we asked the woman at the desk if we needed to formally check-out and all we got was a dismissive wave. I think she meant it as a &quot;no, you don't need to check out,&quot; but it was a rather abrupt send-off. Overall, however, the service was generally courteous and friendly, the hotel beautiful (the interior only, the exterior is stuck in the 70's), and the location was exactly what we wanted.	
May 28 2008 	A neat and clean little hotel	My wife and I just returned from a trip to London, where we stayed at the Sheraton Belgravia for 4 nights. I really cannot comment on the value, as I used Starwood points to book my stay. I think this hotel is normally in the 200 - 400 pound per night range, which seems a bit high, (especially for US travelers), but I really do not have much to compare with. The service at this property was excellent. All staff that we encountered were extremely helpful, polite, and went out of their way to make sure we were taken care of. The room itself was a bit small (somewhat typical of London). If the room and bathroom both had another 50 - 100 sqaure feet, they would have been perfect! I will say that the room was VERY well maintained. Every detail (bathroom grout, tile, carpeting, walls, trim moulding, etc) was in excellent condition. The only complaint was that our window had a broken seal, and constantly had condensation, blocking our view. The only other complaint is that the walls of our room adjoined with a service closet and our neighbors closet, and we could hear everything every time someone hung something up in the closet, or opened and closed the door. We had a few drinks in the downstairs bar, which were very good. The location of this hotel is excellent - very close to Knightsbridge, Sloane Street and Sloane Square Shopping, as well as tube stops and Hyde Park. While the hotel is not much to look at from the outside, it really delivers on the inside. One bit of feedback to Sheraton: Your high speed internet fees are highway robbery! It was around 18.00 pounds for 24 hours of service. This is insane, given that most hotels, shops, cafes, etc all over free WiFi.	
May 23 2008 	Really Good	I enjoyed my stay at the Sheraton Belgravia. The hotel is really cosy and warm; I usually love it during Christmas time. Anyways, as for the rates of the rooms, they are very competitive for their location. You are getting a bargain compared to neighbouring hotels within the Knightsbridge and Chelsea area. However, as this was my fourth stay at the hotel and being a Platinum Starwood Preferred Guest member, I didn't receive my upgrade, welcome amenity and so on. I had to ask for it, which I found odd. This was probably the only let down, to me personally as I've received a much better and welcoming service when I was a Gold and Classic member. Putting all that aside, I highly recommend this hotel for its location, price and service (the concierge was a great help).	
May 8 2008 	lovely hotel	We spent two nights here (booked with Starwood points). Everything was very nice, the staff was excellent and so was the service--felt more upscale than many Sheratons I have stayed in. My wife left her engagement ring and diamond earrings in the room and we didn't realize it until we were checked out and heading to heathrow on the underground. I called the hotel -- by the time we'd gotten back they had the jewelry waitnig for us in a velvet bag and a cab waiting to race us back to the airport. Great hotel.	
Apr 18 2008 	Great Location lovely rooms	We had a wonderful stay at the Belgravia. I can't comment on the value of the rooms, as we booked using Starwood points, but the room was large with a nice sitting area and big bathroom. The bed was super comfy, which was a big plus. The staff was friendly and helpful, though we never did receive the water they were supposedly sending at check-in. The hotel is located in a nice area, though there isn't much directly around it. It's a short walk to Harrod's and the Knightsbridge Tube station.	
Apr 17 2008 	Great London Hotel; Quiet and Right in the heart of things 4.5 Stars	The Sheraton Belgravia exceeded our expectations. A very friendly staff. Great part of town and very quiet for a London hotel. Will be back. 80 rooms is the perfect size and we enjoyed the coffee bar, had a nice lunch. Multiple restaurants nearby as is a Waitrose for those concerned about the Dollar's lack of purchasing power.	
Feb 16 2008 	Convenient comfortable and quiet hotel in central London	Redeemed 2 rooms for a night in Feb 2008. Requested early check in (around 8 am) and interconnecting rooms as I was travelling with my wife + 2 children. Called the hotel 2 days early to ask if these could be met - no promises of course, but I was told they weren't full so there was a good probability. They did and helped make our one day stopover in London a lot more comfortable than it might have been. I have stayed in this hotel once or twice a year for the last few years on business trips, and it has maintained its quiet, unfussy and comfortable character. Convenient location &lt;10 mins walk to Harrods and Knightsbridge tube station. Cab rank outside the door for taxis. Very quiet. Unobtrusive but good service. Comfortable rooms and beds with duvets, tasteful decor that blends modern and older styles - you won't feel like you're in an impersonal chain hotel room. Modern bathrooms with plumbing that works well. Good heating system - neither too hot nor too cold. If you are a traveller who needs a good quality room in central London away from the horde without breaking the bank, this is definitely the hotel to go for.	
Feb 7 2008 	Boutique style property	5 x night stay using Starwood Point redemption.Check in: Greeted in a friendly manner by concierge, offered a choice of welcome drink.Early arrival, after a 10 min stroll from Victoria Station. Room was not ready, so left bags and headed out.This was my first stay at this Hotel, and although as a Londoner, I knew the area, I took the opportunity of orienting myself with grocery store, Starbucks, Tube station etc. Waitrose supermarket one block away...somewhat hidden. Always buy your own room swag...fruit, water, snack items etcAlert: Currently everything costs 25% - 35% more than the US.Lobby and common areas: Small, low ceilings, darkish, slight feeling of claustrophobia pervades this entire property. I found it disquieting, but got used to it after a couple of days. Room: Jr Suite on 9th floor, which is a larger (by London standards) corner room, with a sofa(bed) and chair sitting area, work desk etc. Bed was a Sheraton Sweet Sleeper....comfortable, with fairly high quality bedding. Wifi: Purchased one week of Hotel access for $72 US. Dear Sheraton, 11mbps is not broadband !!This Hotel is not hi-tech or modern. It positions itself as a period boutique property, so expect period (dated) furnishings and funky regency style upholstered chairs and furniture that would not be out of place in an 80's US Holiday Inn. Not my thing.TV was awful. Old CRT monster, dodgy remote that had to be replaced, channels awkward, very poor selection for an international Hotel.Bathroom: Campy marblish affair, small, and barely adequate. Gym: Available at the Sheraton Tower Hotel 4 mins away on Knightsbridge. Small room, good equipment, 4 persons fills it. Nice individual shower rooms.Water, apples, and towels freely available. Get a key card from reception on your way out.Neighborhood: Upscale Belgravia. Knightsbridge is 5 mins away as is Hyde Park Corner. Lunch at the Harvey Nichols rooftop restaurant, always a treat.Harrods is an easy walk if that floats your boat. Great museums are close by in Kensington. Safety factor: 8/10London Travel: Get the OYSTER Card for overseas visitors. Only available at gateway airports. Heathrow / Gatwick etcCost 12 pounds - 2 pounds for the card and preloaded with 10 pounds to get you going. Don't even think about buying individual tube / bus tickets unless your name is Bill Gates.US Rating: 4* would be a stretchStay again? No.	
Jan 4 2008 	Good London Hotel	As I often travel to London on business I have stayed several times at this hotel. The location is really great for getting around Central London. I good example is that you can take a short but pleasant walk to Victoria for the Gatwick Express. The staff are always polite and discreet. The rooms are well decorated and comfortable with nice bathrooms. The main reason I go back to this hotel is the consistency of the service. It's always good. They are quick and discreet, possibly a bit formal for some people's taste but I like the efficiency of it all. The thing to look out for with this hotel is that the price fluctuates like crazy. You can pay as little as 99.00 GBP per night up to 350.00 GBP. They are close to a lot of the exhibition centres and when there is a big show on the price of the room becomes ridiculous. If you are quoted more than 200.00 GBP a night when you are booking I recommend you try the Sheraton Park Lane which is very similar but usually a bit cheaper.	
Dec 17 2007 	Wonderful London Hotel	First off, I have to say that the service received during my week-long stay at the Sheraton Belgravia was second to none. I spend many nights in hotel rooms every year (including many 5-star, high-end hotels) and can't think of any hotel at which I received better service than the Sheraton Belgravia. Staff was always friendly and attentive, and no task was too big or small for any of the staff. Rather than pass duties off to other staffmembers or make you wait until someone whose job description covers your request is around and available, I found that everyone who worked here was ready and willing to attend to whatever came up, right away, so that I never found myself waiting or wanting and never had to ask for anything twice. We arrived in London quite early in the morning, and so arrived at the hotel well before standard check-in time. Despite this, they readily had a room (Executive Room) available for us to rest and relax in after our long trip over from FL. Further, they upgraded us (on account of my Starwood Preferred Guest status) to a Studio Suite for the remaining 6 days of our stay. The staff happily (and literally within 2 minutes of my calling downstairs to ask) provided me with 2 power adaptors when one of mine blew a fuse. They also offered to move our bags from our old room to our new room, as well as bring up our keys to the new room, the day we were upgraded as we planned to be out and about and doing touristy things that day. Again, going out of their way to be helpful. In fact, once while stepping out of the hotel on our first day I asked the concierge if taxis regularly park and make themselves available outside of the hotel (on this first occasion of stepping out, we saw no taxis. But after that, there were regularly 1 or 2 black taxis in front of the hotel ready for anyone who might need them). I only wanted to know if taxis made a habit of waiting outside, but the concierge eagerly got up from his desk and ran outside in to the cold air to chase down a taxi for us, as if answering the question alone wasn't enough and nothing mattered to him, at that moment, more than our getting a taxi! I felt guilty, but very thankful! hehe.Studio Suite was very spacious and comfortable. Large bathroom with plenty of countertop space, minibar, king bed, sitting area with sofa and chair, work desk, wireless high speed internet, 24hr room service, and other conveniences. Very tastefully decorated and furnished. Some of the furnishings look old, but on closer inspection they're just old fashioned and traditional. No damage or scuff marks or anything like that, and everything was in good shape and good working order. The one time our TV stopped working (most likely because we decided to try and move it around a little), a staff member was at our door less than 5 minutes after calling downstairs and the TV was fixed. There are plenty of outlets around for laptops, cellphone chargers, etc. There was always plenty of hot water, with great water pressure. Climate controls in the room worked well and were easy to operate. The feel of the entire room was very cozy, comfortable, and welcoming. It was a very nice place to come home to after long days sightseeing, shopping, etc.The hotel was extremely convenient to area attractions, tube stations and such. It was only a 10 minute walk to Harrods and the shops in Knightsbridge; just a few minutes walk from Sloan St; no more than 10 to 15 minutes to the undergrounds at Sloane Square, Knightsbridge, Hyde Park Corner, and Victoria Station so you're never far from the Circle, District, or Piccadilly lines. It's also within short walking distance to Buckingham Palace, many West End theatres, wonderful parks, and more. Further, the Belgravia area itself is beautiful and a very charming part of London (indeed, a very London part of London). Some of the common areas of the hotel may seem a bit small (ceilings somewhat low, small elevators, hallways somewhat narrow) but not to a degree that is the least bit inconvenient or even awkward, I found. Instead, I found the entire place to be very cozy and comfortable and the 2 rooms we saw and spend some time in very spacious. I would not hesitate to stay at the Sheraton Belgravia again, and in fact would make a reservation eagerly. I see this hotel as being my home base when in London for years to come, so long as things remain as they were during my stay with great facilities and staff. All this at a price I found to be extremely reasonable, worthwhile, and even quite competitive if not clearly more affordable than many similar area hotels.	
Dec 10 2007 	Very nice hotel excellent location and value	We recently stayed at the Sheraton Belgravia for 3 nights (Nov. 16-19) and used Starwood points. It was the second year in a row that I have stayed here and I think it is a great hotel in a great location. It seems to be the smaller, less expensive sister to the Sheraton Park Tower Hotel about 2 blocks away. The Sheraton Belgravia is easily walkable to Harrods, Knightsbridge Tube Stop, Sloane Sq. etc... There is also a nice supermarket (Waitrose) about a 10 minute walk away in one of the neighboring &quot;Crescents&quot; so that made it easy to have an evening drink/snack in the room before going out. The hotel staff was very accomodating and helpful. We were offered complimentary cappucinos upon arrival. It was no problem when we asked for a coffee maker for our room, or for the hotel mini bar to be emptied so that we could put our own food in there. Our room was large and spacious, and was decorated in nice autmnal colors such as russet and dark green. There was a nice throw rug on the foot of our bed and even a Sheraton Teddy Bear..Finally, for exercise fanatics, use of the gym facilities at the nearby Sheraton Park Tower was complimentary as the Sheraton Belgravia does not have its own gym. I am a picky traveler and would have no hesitation recommending the Sheraton Belgravia to anyone. I would definitely stay there again!	
Sep 30 2007	Good service	Stayed at this hotel a few times, once several years ago and another in July this year. The building is rather old and it is not one of the most glamourous hotels in London, however, I find receptionist/porters very professional and friendly, which is not too common in London hotels. Rooms are small but that is normally the case in London,thus, it should not be considered too negative. If the traveller wishes to spend time shopping in Sloane area as well as at Harrods, this hotels is located very conveniently. Also the access to the centres is very easy too. Did not dine at the restaurant and I find the bar rather depressing (but there are so many other bars you can go in the areas, so it does not really matter) but the room service breakfast was excellent.	
Sep 29 2007	Loved it	My mother (75) and I went to London for a five day get-away and chose this hotel for the location and in hopes of a Starwood special member upgrade. This is a boutique hotel with a home-like but sophisticated atmosphere in a very high end neighborhood. I've never seen more Bentley's, Jags, Mercedes, BMW' and even a Maybach as in this neighborhood. We got upgraded to a suite (2 rooms) and were pleased. The furnishing was traditional and used (as is the interior of Buckingham palace and most things British) but clean and very comfortable. It looked just like some of the pictures shown here. The bed was super and the bathroom like new. The location is great and we saved money on taxis by staying here because it is so close to some of the major attractions and Victoria Station.The service and friendliness of the hotel staff was just wonderful. I have stayed at several Ritz Carlton's with a much lower level of service. Everyone was very helpful and nice, from the concierge (all three), to the reception, the maid service and the restaurant. Upon arrival we were even brought tea and a biscuit in the lobby while we waited for our room to be readied. Every time we asked for anything, we were almost immediately satisfied. We ate in a nearby pub in one of the many Mews (alleys) that are in the area. Very cool. Waitrose is a grocery store a couple blocks away and we put some food in our mini bar refrigerator. We had a great trip and much of the reason was our pleasant stay at the Sheraton Belgravia.	
Aug 28 2007 	Miss the breakfast!	Nicely located for a weekend break in central west London.But, it is a bit of an over priced old dame in flashy dress!Miss the breakfast. It is overpriced and terrible. Go to the Costa, by Waitrose, just a stroll away.	
Aug 12 2007 	We'll be back	Had a simply wonderful weekend in London last week; weather was stunning and I'm pleased to report that our first stay at the Sheraton Belgravia added immesurably to our overall experience.Bit of a scratched record here I'm afraid; most of what I want to say has been said before by the growing numbers of those others who also loved their visit to the Belgravia.Suffice it to say that the location of the hotel is sublime - one can take a leisurely stroll to many attractions (we ambled to Charing Cross/ Covent Garden via Buckingham Palace, St. James's Park, Wellington Arch etc) in about 40 mins. Sloane Square tube station is around 10 mins from the hotel and add another 5 mins max to get to Brompton Road for some fab shopping (Harrods, Harvey Nichols etc).Price wise, of course the hotel is not cheap but I didn't find the prices to be as over-inflated as in some other Sheratons that i have visited, which is a little surprising considering that it's address is in one of the most exclusive neighbourhoods, well, in the world actually....Service is the real key here though. Check in (with Robin and Angelo) was a joy, with the oft-time mentioned complimentary tipple from the bar. Both of these highly professional and genuinely friendly gentlemen continued to be of great help to us over the weekend stay and are a credit to the Starwood brand.A special mention must also go to the Food and Beverage Manager, Stuart, who attended to us over breakfast on our last morning, arranged for our luggage to be held while we went shopping (we had a late flight) and invited us back for a pre-departure Bellini on the house. He also advised us as to our best course of attack in trying to get to the airport during rush-hour. Without such advice, we'd probably still be sitting in a taxi stuck in the hell that london traffic can be...The bottom line for me in any hotel/restaurant/bar scenario is service - good service allows for any number of other sins where the reverse, in my mind, cannot be said. Sheraton Belgravia delivers service, along with the rest of the overall product, in spades. We'll definitely be going back....	
Jul 31 2007 	Boutique hotel in one of the most elegant residential neighborhoods in London	I just returned from 3 nights at the Sheraton Belgravia. This is not your typical Sheraton as it is small, intimate and lacking some of the big hotel amenities. In exchange, you are staying in one of the most exclusive neighborhoods in the world next to embassies and incredbile townhouses. The neighborhood bistros and markets are charming and close. You do not feel like a tourist, and frankly you do not see many tourists. The only downside to the hotel, was that the staff seemed to not know where the nearest markets and bistros were. They were not unhelpful, just did not know. There is a Marks and Spencer Market ( affordable food for breakfasts and snacks) right down the street towards Brompten Street (by Harrods). Harrods is a 10 minute walk as is Harvey Nichols. There is also a Waitrose market just three minutes away: 27 Motcomb Street. There is a great bistro across from it with a patio for breakfast or lunch. From the hoteI it is an easy walk to Victoria Station (without luggage) and to Buckingham Palace. I would not say that the tubes are convenient to this hotel. The lighting in the bathrooms is great and the rooms feel warm and elegant with antiques. Upon check in you sit down at a desk and are served drinks. The rooms are not huge, but adequate. The beds are comfortable with duvets. It is a quirky hotel, but lovely. This hotel is a little jewel.	
Jul 30 2007 	Great location charming hotel	My spouse and I spent a great weekend at the Sheraton Belgravia. We thoroughly appreciated the great location --nestled in a wonderful neighborhood, and within walking distance of so many of the things we wanted to see and do. We had previously been staying at a larger business hotel, but switched to the Belgravia for the weekend for the more intimate feel and further isolation from the city's crowds. While the room and bathroom were smallish, I found them absolutely fine for European (and also NYC) standards. And, the cozy layout actually builds upon the intimate nature of the space.My only complaint (and it's not major) concerns noise. The elevator (near to our room) let out a high-pitched squeal whenever it went by. In addition, when we tried to use the AC to drown out that noise, we noticed that the old machine let out an even worse sound that actually woke us up at night. So, we had no choice but to turn it off. Outside noise was no problem at all -- it was just the internal noises of other guests and building infrastructure that caused us any troubles.These noise issues would not keep us from returning again (although I might ask for a room further away from the elevator). We had a delightful time in London, and our accommodations generally only added to the experience.	
Jul 23 2007 	Fantastic London Neighborhood	I enjoyed three nights at this hotel in May, 2007. As suggested by many reviews, the surrounding neighborhood is idyllic with many great restaurants and pubs, as well as (expensive) shopping. The hotel is dated, especially the gloomy lobby, but the room quality is superb. Location is exceptionally quiet and is convenient to the Sloane Square tube stop.Avoid the wildly overpriced breakfast, and take a short walk around Sloane Square for some much better options.	
Jul 17 2007 	Fantastic hotel Great Location clean well kept	Although this hotel is a wee bit outdated, its well kept, the bed was huge, the bathroom very nice, the staff excellent. The Bar downstairs was very nice and attentive. This hotel is located not too far from Harvey Nics and Harrods and Sloan Avenue.	
Jul 13 2007	Smart Business Hotel	I'd not stayed at the Sheraton Belgravia for about 2 years, but it still retains a calm business presence. I'd heard it had been closed for a year for a refurb, but it looked just as I'd last stayed. My room was upgraded to an executive it was smart , reasonably spacious for London but the bathroom was faded for a 5*....it was all spotless though. Check-in was frustratingly slow as I had to wait over 3 minutes as there isn't really a check-in desk....more a boutique table......this was bad on a hot day when I was in a hurry. Check-out was swift and excellent. I would stay here again though.	
Jun 18 2007 	Belgravia - Very nice!	London hotels being very expensive (London in general as a matter of fact) I picked the Belgravia for a two night business trip because it seemed like a decent value.I was very happy with my choice. The room was large clean and comfortable with a balcony I could actually step out on, in a very nice section of town. I had great service and decent food. I would definitely repeat.Paddington station (and the Heathrow Express) is a ten minute cab ride away and Knightsbridge Underground station (Harrod's)is a five minute walk, so the hotel is conveniently located.	
May 3 2007 	Beautiful Quiet residential area and wonderful staff	NOTE: This review is written from a “Tourist perspective”This is a very nice and welcoming hotel in a beautiful area of the city. Outside our window we had a view of a small park and views of a very nice area of the Belgravia section of London. I stayed at the Sheraton Park Tower (about ¼ mile away right on busy Knightsbridge road) and I prefer the Sheraton Belgravia because it is in nice quiet neighborhood, the rooms are larger and more comfortable and the hotel is generally more welcoming. The staff at this hotel was the friendliest I have come across in a very long time. Instead of a format front desk, you are welcomed at a desk where you sit across from the person checking you in. This is a small hotel with only 18 rooms, but the rooms are relatively large and spacious. They gave us a free drink coupon which we used for toast and coffee for breakfast instead.Within a short walk are many of the attractions that a tourist might want to see: Hyde Park, Kensington Palace. The area that the Sheraton Belgravia is in is one of the most expensive areas of London and the price reflects the upscale area’s cost. Just a few blocks from the hotel there are plenty of stores, deli’s and restaurants. There is a Marks and Spenser food store, a Waitrose food store (lower cost than Marks and Spenser) , Spaghetti House (Excellent sauce…about 45 for a meal for two), an excellent casual Lebanese restaurant and deli (Noura Brasserie) and Harrods (the over priced tourist trap, IMHO) is a short walk away. There is also a casual Japanese basement restaurant which I highly recommend, downstairs just below Harvey Nichols at the corner of Seville and Knightsbridge Road.The hotel is a brief walk from Victoria station (good shopping!), Hyde Park, Kensington Palace, St James Park, Buckingham Palace, many Embassies including the US embassy, the Victoria and Albert Museum (highly recommended!). The Imperial War Museum and London Eye and are a short tube ride away as is Westminster abbey and the Tower of London.There is also a walk on/walk off bus that you can catch over by the Park Lane side of Hyde Park (near Marble Arch) across from the London Hilton: excellent value for your money! In addition to the bus ride, a number of walking tours are included in the $40.00 price: We took the “changing of the Guard tour” and the “Beatles tour” and we felt we got excellent value for our money. We particularly enjoyed the very courteous and personable staff of the bus company (it is called “the Big Bus Company”)Just ask the very kind and considerate hotel staff of the Sheraton Belgravia and they will gladly direct you to the local attractions.	
Apr 11 2007 	Attentive staff but not really good value	Due to the location of this hotel, in one of London’s premium areas, it is a very expensive hotel to stay in usually. I am not sure that it is good value for money, even if cost is not a big issue for you as it is not particularly attractive and lacks many features (such as a health club, variety of bars and restaurants etc).It is, though, in a fabulous location close to Sloane Street, Knightsbridge and the Kings Road. So fabulous if you like shopping!The Staff at the hotel is all very helpful, friendly and attentive. This perfectly fits the premium nature and rates of the hotel. I was, for example, staying at the hotel for a few days for a work meeting and even at a conference deal of £215 (about US$430) for a standard room. I was though, as I am a Starwood Gold Card holder, upgraded to a “Junior Suite”. This room on the 7th floor was lovely with 3 large windows looking across the rooftops of London towards the “London Eye” (bearing in mind buildings are not very tall in London!).The design and fixtures in the room were traditional but stylish, with a sort of country house look. The bathroom had Molton Brown toiletries and complimentary wireless access for the duration of your stay. They give you cards with a code for each day when you check in.As I mentioned, there is no fitness centre in the hotel, which is an issue I think considering the cost and premium of the hotel. You can go up the road to a sister hotel but when on business you don’t have the time to head off to another hotel and do a workout as well usually! There is a pleasant but small breakfast buffet in the bar that was pretty good.The rooms were a little noisy due to the location and the nature of the building, which is a rather ugly building that I think may have been built in the late 1960s or 1970s, which seemed to lack good soundproof windows.I sound like I am negative on the hotel but I enjoy staying here as they did make you feel important and were attentive. I just don’t think the hotel rooms are worth the money, and I am unlikely to stay here again if I was choosing a hotel to stay at in the area.	
Dec 27 2006 	Perfectly Convenient and Amazing Service	What a fantastic time I had when I went to London from December 14th-19th. After a hectic flight with some delays, I was glad to finally get to the hotel!This is one gorgeous little boutique hotel. It has the Sheraton service and amenities that we've come to expect. I arrived all exhausted and was greeted with big smiles. They have a sit down check-in which adds a lovely touch! You also get a free complimentary beverage while you are checking in to the hotel. You can get champagne, wine, hard liquor, sparkling water, soda, or juice! I've found this Sheraton to be a hundred times better than the Sheraton at Heathrow, it's just too noisy.The staff were really friendly and always willing to help. They also gave great expensive and inexpensive recommendations for dining and places to go. The Belgravia aream which the hotel is located, is absolutely gorgeous. This is where a lot of the wealthiest people in London live and is around the corner from Sloane Street which is the shopping mecca of London. You are only a 5-8 minute walk from the Knightsbridge Tube Station, as well as Victoria Sq where you can pick up the original hop on-off tour but let me tell you, there is this fantastic french bakery called Patisserie Valerie and you have to go out and get one of their Ham and Cheese danishes. Oh my lord, they are fresh out of the oven, piping hot with high quality italian hams and melted fontina cheese. Top of off with a cappuccino and you're in heaven. I know, I'm digressing a little but the walk to the tube was pleasant because it's a gorgeous area.The food was excellent at the hotel and was fairly priced. To me, I live in Boston so I'm used to paying a lot of money for food but I don't think 9 pounds was a bit extreme for a burger, fries and salad. Technically $9 to us in the states is 9 pounds to someone in England, but it's $18.00 to us with the conversion but you can't think like that in London or you'll have a miserable time. haha. The rooms were well kept and the bathroom was small, but really clean and pretty. I loved the deep tubs! The beds are super comfortable and the channels on tv were pretty fair. The only negative thing I have for the hotel is that the elevators are TINY. You can fit maybe 2 people in them with 2 little travel suitcases, nothing more than that. If you are a family of 4 you'll have to separate into two separate elevators and make several trips if you have lots of luggage. Other than that, this hotel is fabulous and I would definitely stay again!	
Mar 27 2006 	Nice but a bit tired	I stayed at this hotel for five nights on a business trip in March 2006. It is reasonably well located in Belgravia and only about 10 minutes walk from a number of tube stations, and some of the shops like Harrods and Harvey Nichols.The lobby area is small and a bit cramped. There is no ramp and so you need to go down about three stairs to be able to check in. It is all a bit unwieldy if you have heavy bags. Check-in was quite smooth. I had a room on the third floor, which basically was in line with the rooftops and so there was no real view. My colleague had a room on the ninth floor which apparently had a much better view. The room was reasonably sized and quite comfortable. The desk was one of those small English desks with lots of nice carved wood underneath that I kept banging my knees on. Very impractical! There are not many television channels to choose from, but this is not that uncommon in the UK. The bed was a king size bed but it was two single beds put together. This did not cause me any problems. The bathroom was fine although perhaps a little on the small side. Again, this is not that uncommon in UK hotels. The shower worked fine. Access to the Internet was via a wireless connection that worked quite well. It was relatively expensive on a per day basis, so I bought the seven day package for GBP38.We had breakfast each morning in the hotel which was downstairs in a small corridor like room. There was not a great deal of choice on the buffet and some of the food needed replenishing more quickly than they topped it up. The service was quite good. I had room service a couple of times and it was a bit mixed. One meal was quite good but the other one was a bit disappointing. Meals were relatively expensive.The lobby converts to an area where you can have meals and snacks. However, if you are a non-smoker, I would not suggest that you do this as if people smoke in the area, and there were many people smoking while we were there, it absolutely stinks of tobacco smoke and the air does not clear very quickly. Even walking through can be a bit disgusting.It is worth noting that there is a building site next door but we were never disturbed by the noise. They did not seem to start that early or work that late. Even on one morning when we had a late start, there was clearly activity next door but it was not that noisy.As I checked out, I noticed that this hotel had won some awards in 1996 and 1997. I think that about sums it up. It is clearly past its prime, but is actually quite a reasonable option if you want to stay in that area. I would stay there again, but really only because I am a member of the Starwood program. The Sheraton Park Tower (which is also in the area) is a much nicer hotel but is much more expensive.	
Feb 14 2006	Lots of Space and Wonderful Service	I stayed here on my first trip to England and my room was huge by any standard. I was unaware of the no-tipping policy in England and the hotel's bell staff was thrilled to have me there. Room service was always quick and better than average food. My room had a lovely view and a comfy window seat in which to enjoy it. My one and only complaint with this hotel is the phone and internet charges... They were insanely high, but I credit the staff with warning me and even recommending a nearby shop in which to get a phone card.I plan to stay here again and highly recommend it.	
Feb 13 2006	Overpriced and old	Stayed here for a 2 night break in London in July 2005. The lobby is a low ceilinged affair that makes you feel quite claustrophobic. The lifts are small and unimpressive. Worse is encountered when you reach the rooms. They smell of damp and the bathrooms are desperately in need of refurbishment. The only saving grace was the breakfast which consisted of a good variety of fruit and was well presented.Staff is friendly and helpful but I think you could do a lot better in terms of luxury hotels in London. From the outside this looks like a tired piece of 70's architecture. About time they refurbished!	
Feb 9 2006 	Very Nice Very Comfortable Hotel In a Great Location	I travel to London on business every other month and have for 6 years now. I have stayed everywhere imaginable, from Hazlitts to The Berkeley to The Sanderson, and I've pretty much seen it all. I'm used to staying at a more thoughtfully designed hotel than a Sheraton but on my last trip had no other choice as my usuals were booked. Let me say - I was very pleased with every aspect of this hotel! The staff were pleasant and seem to truly enjoy their work. The hotel was clean, the rooms average in size. The decor is admittedly staid and slightly proper, but if you can ignore it this place is a find. The location allows you to run up to Harrods and Harvey Nichols or over to Kings Road easily. Marks &amp; Spencer have a food market just up the road and it's an easy stop on your way home after work. Great wine store across the street too.Highly recommend!	
Nov 15 2005	Much nicer than your typical Sheration	This charming hotel has nicely furnished rooms -- mine was comfortably large -- and superb staff and service. I didn't eat at the hotel restaurant. Within a 3 minute walk are an excellent supermarket, a Starbucks, bakery, etc. The hotel is situated between two Underground stops, each a 10 walk: Knightsbridge (next to Harrods, Harvey Nichols, etc.) and Sloane Square (many more stores, cafes, etc.). Like most London hotels, internet access (either with your laptop or in the business center) and telephone calls are outrageously priced--get a UK cell phone and go an internet cafe instead.	
Oct 23 2005	A smelly old and dank place.	On first entering this hotel the smell of old dead people comes to mind. Considering the price tag this is by far the worst hotel I have ever been in and I include the really bad ones in the USA.The none smoking rooms come fitted with ashtrays, go figure.The staff were great but seriously embrassed when I raised these issues.A tip for the hotel, somewhere, any where they might want to put a clock in the hotel because people who like to travel also like to know what time it is.R	
Oct 22 2005	Very good but needs improvement	The Belgravia is a fine hotel with larger than average rooms for London. The location is only fair, being that is a bit of a trek to a tube stop or the center of London. There are few convienences nearby, but not enough to make it easy to get a good cup of coffee in the morning.Checkin was terribly slow and the hotel seems to be understaffed. I tend to stay in Starwood hotels because of status and benefits of status. There didn't seem to be any benefit of status in this hotel, which is unusual from past experiences in London. I may stay here again if the Park Tower was unavailable, but that would be the only reason	
Sep 16 2005	Great location beautiful interior	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel this past week. It was our last night in London and we wanted somewhere a bit different. The hotel is located in Belgravia which is a 5 minute walk to Knightsbridge. The neighborhood is filled with embassies and beautiful old Georgian style homes. It is absolutely gorgeous. The hotel itself is about a 15 minute walk from the Knightsbridge Underground stop and there are plenty of taxis in the area. This hotel is more of a boutique type. Very quaint with beautiful interiors and an extremely helpful and friendly staff. The room was small but that doesn't bother me. It was clean as was the bathroom and decorated very nicely. Our only complaint but an important one is the bed we slept in had a mattress that was very old. It sloped in towards the middle so we spent a very uncomfortable night tossing and turning and woke with aching backs. I was very surprised at the quality of the mattress as the Sheratons in the US have the heavenly beds and are quite comfortable. In spite of the uncomfortable bed, I would stay here again just because of the location, the quiet neighborhood and the services offered by the hotel.	
Aug 19 2005 	A Great Choice	I've now stayed at this hotel twice and I can easily recommend it. In fact, I think this is going to be the only hotel I use in London. The rooms are up the usually high Sheraton standard. The staff are among the best and most service oriented I've ever had the pleasure of dealing with. The location is superb: easy walking distance to Buckingham palace and the parks, 15 minute walk to Victoria Station, a 5 minute walk to either of two tube stations (Sloane Sq or Kightsbridge). Highly recommended.	
Aug 5 2005 	One of London's Best Kept Secrets	I had the pleasure of spending 5 nights at the Sheraton Belgravia. Their location in Belgravia was on a quiet, leafy, safe, upscale neighbourhood (very convenient to Harrods and Harvey Nichols). The building next door is under construction but this should not be an issue unless you plan on spending 24/7 locked inside your room!The exterior of the building is modern, however once you step inside you will appreciate the charming English atmosphere. The room was well appointed, clean and spacious (for London) with a comforable bed, a sitting area and a full size desk.The staff were very helpful and friendly. Mulberry (the hotel restaurant) was nice, prompt service and good food but slightly pricey (as to be expected in London). There is also a French Bakery, Starbucks and a local market within a block of the hotel.I have stayed at the Marriott County Hall, Sheraton Park Lane, Hilton Park Lane and the Marriott Marble Arch previously but by far, the Sheraton Belgravia has been superior. I will definitely be back again!	
Jul 29 2005	Great service perfect room	I loved staying at the Belgravia! After staying in several hotels in London here's what really stands out:1. Service - the staff were all incredibly helpful, but not pushy, and seemed genuincely surprised when we tipped. They were cheerful and very informative about the city, and took the time to give directions and make reccomedations.2. Rooms - we had 2 large and 2 small suitcases, and this was the only hotel that we didn't have to try to become contortionists to move around the bed and piles of luggage, there was a lot of room. The AC was great, and very much needed, as it was extremely hot and humid during our stay. The bathroom had loads of counter space, and the tub (although narrow) was nice and deep.3. Location - under a 10 minute walk to Harrods, Harvey Nichols, etc, and perhaps a 7 minute walk from the Sloanes Square tube station..we had not trouble getting around.Overall I really enjoyed the Sheraton Belgravia and would reccomend it without hesitation to others	
Jul 3 2005	You will enjoy the quaintness and charm	I am a big fan of Starwood and was not disappointed with the Sheraton in Belgravia. It's a smaller and very quaint Sheraton with nice charm and full amenities that you expect. We had a nice large corner room overlooking an active intersection. It was quiet but, you did hear a little of the hustle and bustle of London that you expect. Belgravia is an upper scale neighborhood surrounded by parks, small shops and of course, a Starbucks. It is located 4-5 walking blocks from Harrods on one end and Hyde Park on the other. It's about a 20 minute walk to Buckingham Palace and many other great locations. London is expensive so at the Mulberry restaurant in the Sheraton an american breakfast of eggs, pancakes, fruit, sausage, bacon and mushrooms is L19 or $34 U.S. dollars. Drones, an excellent French restaurant is just around the corner and worth going to.Overall, very good value, close enough to everything, located in a more residential upscale neighborhoood that feels like home.	
Jun 7 2005	Loved the Belgravia --- Sheraton Brand with English Charm	I loved this hotel. The location was great! Not in the middle of everything, but close enough to get where you need to go. It's very close to Sloane Street and Harrod's, and there are cute boutiques right on the same street as the hotel. There is also a really cute gourmet grocery store nearby (not as shockingly expensive as you'd think).I guess you can't leave a proper review about the Belgravia without providing a construction update: in my estimation it's almost over. in fact we didn't hear any construction at all. i was worried about it before staying here but i'm glad it didn't deter me. plus, chances are you will be out of the room if there is any construction happening. and just to clarify, the construction is next door to the hotel, not within the hotel.The hotel is small and very quaint. There is jazz in the lobby around happy hour time, and the staff is very nice and helpful. the concierge Greggers is fantastic with directions and general information.The rooms were nicely appointed and a very nice size. We had a room with a king size bed that they can pull apart as twin beds at night. they have a converter for the plugs that also converts the electricity, and that came in handy, as well. The bathroom size was fine, the shower pressure was good, water was HOT and the tub was deep for a nice soak should you choose. The room also has an in-room safe, which is always good to have while traveling.I would definitely stay here again - it had a perfect combination of the reputation of the Sheraton brand with all of the charm of a London boutique hotel.	
May 23 2005	Great location great size good service		
Apr 24 2005 	Lots of noise exacerbated by poor disorganized service		
Apr 14 2005 	Great small hotel in lovely neighbornood.		
Feb 2 2005	Great Staff Good Location Great Stay		
Jan 11 2005	Fabulous Hotel		
Dec 15 2004	Great for shoppers		
Oct 31 2004	Small and comfortable		
Mar 13 2004	Inside a Nice Hotel		
Jan 20 2003	Forever remembered		
Nov 11 2002	OK hotel for big spenders		
Aug 9 2008 	Ubicación excelente.		
